New York  CNN  -- The Statue of Liberty is expected to reopen by July Fourth , Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar announced Tuesday . The iconic landmark has been closed since October 29 due to infrastructure damage caused by Superstorm Sandy . Funding for repairs is part of $ 28 million allocated by the Department of Transportation to repair federal parks and recreation areas damaged by the storm in New York and New Jersey , according to a joint press release from Salazar and Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York . Both the visitor and National Park Services docks at Liberty Island sustained significant damage during the storm , according to the National Parks Service . Salazar also set a July Fourth deadline in 2009 for the reopening of Lady Liberty 's crown after it was closed following the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .	The Statue of Liberty was closed because of Superstorm Sandy damage to the complex Docks at Liberty Island sustained significant damage from the storm Interior Secretary says the iconic national monument is expected to reopen by July Fourth
CNN  -- A police officer arrested Friday in Will County , Illinois , has been charged with one count of first-degree murder in connection with a two-state rural shooting rampage that left one man dead , authorities said . Brian E. Dorian , 37 , an officer with the Lynwood Police Department , will probably face other charges , said Will County State 's Attorney James W. Glasgow . In addition to the fatality , three people were wounded in the spree , which occurred south of Chicago . At a news conference Friday , authorities declined to provide a possible motive for the shootings , which occurred Tuesday . Dorian 's first court hearing is scheduled for Tuesday afternoon . He is being held on a probable cause warrant , and bail was set at $ 2.5 million , said Charles Pelkie , a spokesman for the Will County state 's attorney 's office . "  It 's always law enforcement 's worst nightmare when someone in the law enforcement community chooses to break the law , " Glasgow said . "  It 's critical that we act no differently in investigating a policeman than we would any lay person . No professional courtesies . No special treatment . " Dorian 's father adamantly denied his son was involved . "  My son would never do that . They do n't have the shooter . The shooter is still out there , " John Dorian told CNN affiliate WLS in Chicago . Dorian , who WLS said has been on medical leave for an injured shoulder the past year , was taken into custody at his residence , said authorities , who added that evidence is being analyzed . A woman left the residence before the arrest . Dorian had four pit bulls with him when he was arrested , said Will County Sheriff Paul Kaupas . The shootings began about 10:30 a.m. Tuesday at a construction site near Beecher , Illinois . The gunman killed one worker at the site and wounded two others , police have said . An hour later and about 10 miles away in Lowell , Indiana , authorities believe the same gunman opened fire again -- this time on a local farmer . Keith Dahl was shot in the left shoulder , arm and elbow , and then was robbed . Dahl told Lake County  Indiana  Sheriff 's Detective Robert Martinez that the gunman approached him on his farm and started a conversation about bees before beginning to shoot . The gunman was believed to be using a revolver -- possibly a Colt .38 caliber or .357 Magnum -- because no shell casings were found at either scene , Lake County Sheriff Rogelio "  Roy " Dominguez said earlier . CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	Officer is charged with first-degree murder The suspect is identified as an Illinois police officer ; bail is set at $ 2.5 million His father says the suspect was not the shooter
WIRED  -- The tributes to Dennis Ritchie wo n't match the river of praise that spilled out over the web after the death of Steve Jobs . But they should . And then some . "  When Steve Jobs died last week , there was a huge outcry , and that was very moving and justified . But Dennis had a bigger effect , and the public does n't even know who he is , " says Rob Pike , the programming legend and current Googler who spent 20 years working across the hall from Ritchie at the famed Bell Labs . On Wednesday evening , with a post to Google + , Pike announced that Ritchie had died at his home in New Jersey over the weekend after a long illness , and though the response from hardcore techies was immense , the collective eulogy from the web at large does n't quite do justice to Ritchie 's sweeping influence on the modern world . Dennis Ritchie is the father of the C programming language , and with fellow Bell Labs researcher Ken Thompson , he used C to build UNIX , the operating system that so much of the world is built on -- including the Apple empire overseen by Steve Jobs . CNN 's GeekOut blog : Without Ritchie , you would n't be reading this "  Pretty much everything on the web uses those two things : C and UNIX , " Pike tells Wired . "  The browsers are written in C . The UNIX kernel â $ " that pretty much the entire Internet runs on -- is written in C. Web servers are written in C , and if they 're not , they 're written in Java or C++ , which are C derivatives , or Python or Ruby , which are implemented in C. And all of the network hardware running these programs I can almost guarantee were written in C. "  It 's really hard to overstate how much of the modern information economy is built on the work Dennis did . " Even Windows was once written in C , he adds , and UNIX underpins both Mac OS X , Apple 's desktop operating system , and iOS , which runs the iPhone and the iPad . "  Jobs was the king of the visible , and Ritchie is the king of what is largely invisible , " says Martin Rinard , professor of electrical engineering and computer science at MIT and a member of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory . "  Jobs ' genius is that he builds these products that people really like to use because he has taste and can build things that people really find compelling . Ritchie built things that technologists were able to use to build core infrastructure that people do n't necessarily see much anymore , but they use everyday . " From B to C Dennis Ritchie built C because he and Ken Thompson needed a better way to build UNIX . The original UNIX kernel was written in assembly language , but they soon decided they needed a "  higher level " language , something that would give them more control over all the data that spanned the OS . Around 1970 , they tried building a second version with Fortran , but this did n't quite cut it , and Ritchie proposed a new language based on a Thompson creation known as B. Depending on which legend you believe , B was named either for Thompson 's wife Bonnie or BCPL , a language developed at Cambridge in the mid-60s . Whatever the case , B begat C. B was an interpreted language -- meaning it was executed by an intermediate piece of software running atop a CPU -- but C was a compiled language . It was translated into machine code , and then directly executed on the CPU . But in those days , C was considered a high-level language . It would give Ritchie and Thompson the flexibility they needed , but at the same time , it would be fast . That first version of the language was n't all that different from C as we know it today -- though it was a tad simpler . It offered full data structures and "  types " for defining variables , and this is what Richie and Thompson used to build their new UNIX kernel . "  They built C to write a program , " says Pike , who would join Bell Labs 10 years later . "  And the program they wanted to write was the UNIX kernel . " Ritchie 's running joke was that C had "  the power of assembly language and the convenience of ... assembly language . " In other words , he acknowledged that C was a less-than-gorgeous creation that still ran very close to the hardware . Today , it 's considered a low-level language , not high . But Ritchie 's joke did n't quite do justice to the new language . In offering true data structures , it operated at a level that was just high enough . "  When you 're writing a large program -- and that 's what UNIX was -- you have to manage the interactions between all sorts of different components : all the users , the file system , the disks , the program execution , and in order to manage that effectively , you need to have a good representation of the information you 're working with . That 's what we call data structures , " Pike says . "  To write a kernel without a data structure and have it be as consist and graceful as UNIX would have been a much , much harder challenge . They needed a way to group all that data together , and they did n't have that with Fortran . " At the time , it was an unusual way to write an operating system , and this is what allowed Ritchie and Thompson to eventually imagine porting the OS to other platforms , which they did in the late 70s . "  That opened the floodgates for UNIX running everywhere , " Pike says . "  It was all made possible by C. " Apple , Microsoft and beyond At the same time , C forged its own way in the world , moving from Bell Labs to the world 's universities and to Microsoft , the breakout software company of the 1980s . "  The development of the C programming language was a huge step forward and was the right middle ground ... C struck exactly the right balance , to let you write at a high level and be much more productive , but when you needed to , you could control exactly what happened , " says Bill Dally , chief scientist of NVIDIA and Bell Professor of Engineering at Stanford . " -LSB- It -RSB- set the tone for the way that programming was done for several decades . " As Pike points out , the data structures that Richie built into C eventually gave rise to the object-oriented paradigm used by modern languages such as C++ and Java . The revolution began in 1973 , when Ritchie published his research paper on the language , and five years later , he and colleague Brian Kernighan released the definitive C book : The C Programming Language . Kernighan had written the early tutorials for the language , and at some point , he "  twisted Dennis ' arm " into writing a book with him . Pike read the book while still an undergraduate at the University of Toronto , picking it up one afternoon while heading home for a sick day . "  That reference manual is a model of clarity and readability compared to latter manuals . It is justifiably a classic , " he says . "  I read it while sick in bed , and it made me forget that I was sick . " Like many university students , Pike had already started using the language . It had spread across college campuses because Bell Labs started giving away the UNIX source code . Among so many other things , the operating system gave rise to the modern open source movement . Pike is n't overstating it when says the influence of Ritchie 's work ca n't be overstated , and though Ritchie received the Turing Award in 1983 and the National Medal of Technology in 1998 , he still has n't gotten his due . As Kernighan and Pike describe him , Ritchie was an unusually private person . "  I worked across the hall from him for more than 20 years , and yet I feel like a do n't knew him all that well , " Pike says . But this does n't quite explain his low profile . Steve Jobs was a private person , but his insistence on privacy only fueled the cult of personality that surrounded him . Ritchie lived in a very different time and worked in a very different environment than someone like Jobs . It only makes sense that he would n't get his due . But those who matter understand the mark he left . "  There 's that line from Newton about standing on the shoulders of giants , " says Kernighan . "  We 're all standing on Dennis ' shoulders . " Additional reporting by Jon Stokes Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Dennis Ritchie is the father of the C programming language Ritchie used C to build UNIX , the OS that so much is built on "  We 're all standing on Dennis ' shoulders , " expert says
CNN  There is a special kind of hell reserved for the women who fall into the clutches of today 's Jihadi fighters . We are all familiar with the brutality of ISIS , the self-anointed Islamic State , or Boko Haram , the Nigerian terrorists who have pledged allegiance to ISIS . This new wave of violent Islamist groups proudly brandishes medieval methods of cruelty through modern technology as a tool of recruitment and intimidation . But there is something very different about the way they treat women . The jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield . Their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their ambitious radical strategy . Killing the enemy , the men , is a tactic for winning battles and conquering territory . What they do to women has an altogether different purpose : It is part of the larger plan of building a "  caliphate , " a Sharia-ruled state complete with controls and norms harking back to the seventh century or , rather , to the group 's interpretation of life in the early days of Islam . Yazidi girls who slipped ISIS after its siege of Mount Sinjar describe how they were sent to slave warehouses along with hundreds of other women . There , they were lined up in groups of 50 and displayed for ISIS fighters to choose among them , some for marriage , others for sexual slavery . The stories told to journalists or to human rights workers are confirmed by doctors who have examined the girls and say they have found evidence of repeated sexual assault . An investigation by Human Rights Watch found "  a system of organized rape and sexual assault , sexual slavery , and forced marriage by ISIS forces , " actions that the group says "  are war crimes and may be crimes against humanity . " In Nigeria , Boko Haram also has a very specific approach to women . The 276 students kidnapped one year ago make up a small portion of the 2,000 women and girls kidnapped by the group since 2014 , according to Amnesty International . There , too , women captives move from house to house and village to village , forced to convert when they are not Muslim , and prepare for marriage to jihadis . It 's a stark change from the previous generation of jihadis , when Osama bin Laden headed al Qaeda . Women were not a big part of al Qaeda 's immediate plans because al Qaeda , unlike ISIS , viewed the establishment of a caliphate as a distant goal , one for future generations . In contrast , ISIS is actively engaged in building those social structures . And if you want to build a new society , you need more than soldiers . You also need women . Women are indispensable for establishing a functioning community , even one whose laws are brutally repressive . Even if women are viewed as the property of men , they are still needed , not just for cooking , cleaning and sex , but to keep the home and raise children ; hence the methodical capture , assault and subjugation . It is no accident that Boko Haram has targeted students , as it did in Chibok , or that Somalia 's Al-Shabaab Islamists killed scores of women in the massacre at Kenya 's Garissa University in Kenya . As in previous conflicts , women are spoils of war and rape is a weapon of war . It is a way to humiliate the enemy , a "  reward " for soldiers and a tactic of ethnic cleansing . During the Bosnian war of the 1990s , experts said Serbian soldiers engaged in systematic rape , thinking the babies of raped Bosnian Muslim women would be Serbian . In Darfur , government-backed militias were accused of using mass rape to humiliate the non-Arab groups . But this is different . The women are not simply abused and discarded . ISIS and Boko Haram are enslaving them and incorporating them into the daily life of territories they rule , subjecting them to asphyxiating restrictions and abuses that have caused many of them to attempt suicide , according to some of those who escaped -- a phenomenon reminiscent of Afghanistan during the rule of the Taliban , another radical Islamic group that managed to take control and impose unspeakable rules for women . ISIS is going to great lengths to prove how its treatment of women , including the selling of Yazidi prisoners as slaves , is in keeping with Islamic law . Its online magazine cites Islamic writings proclaiming : "  We will conquer your Rome , break your crosses , and enslave your women , by the permission of Allah . " The worst fate is reserved for non-Muslims , such as Yazidis , but Muslim women in areas seized by Islamists have seen disaster . From Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , a modern town until ISIS conquered it last year , women say , "  They have withheld all freedoms from us " and describe oppressive , fear-filled lives . The brutality of the new jihadis is more than mere sadism . If it is madness , it is madness with a method . And when it comes to women , the method is one that aims to control them as a way to establish the society they envision , one where some women say life is simply not worth living .	Frida Ghitis : ISIS and other jihadi groups see women as crucial in role of caliphate they want to create She says the groups want to enslave women , tie them to a long outdated view of how society should work
Toronto , Canada  CNN  -- Another day , another apology from Toronto Mayor Rob Ford , this time for crude comments about oral sex he made Thursday morning . But by afternoon , he had a television show . The day started with Ford -- who admitted last week that he had smoked crack cocaine in a "  drunken stupor " about a year ago -- facing explosive new allegations of drunkenness , drug use and the verbal and physical abuse of aides . In the course of answering the allegations , he denied a female staffer 's allegation that he sought to perform oral sex with graphic language of his own , stunning the reporters who surrounded him . Soon afterward , his wife at his side , Ford went back before reporters to say he had been under "  tremendous , tremendous stress " and was getting unspecified support from "  a team of health care professionals . " But he called the latest allegations "  100 % lies . " "  When you attack my integrity as a father and as a husband , I see red . Today I acted on complete impulse in my remarks , " Ford said . He took no questions from reporters , who shouted sharp inquiries at him as he entered the office . "  Mayor Ford , why should we believe you ? Why would you subject your family to this ? " one asked . "  What 's the matter with you , Mr. Mayor ? " another said . The Toronto City Council voted 37-5 on Wednesday to ask Ford to take a leave of absence , and most members turned their backs on him when he addressed their Thursday meeting . Ford 's brother Doug , a city council member , is urging him to take a leave of absence , a council source told CNN on condition of anonymity . The source did not want to be identified . The city council , meanwhile , has scheduled a special meeting on Monday to consider a motion to delegate duties not assigned by statute to the mayor . If approved , the motion would strip Ford of most of his duties . Among other things the motion calls for reallocating the operating budget of the office of the mayor to the city clerk , according the council 's agenda published online . But in a new twist , Canada 's Sun News Network announced that Ford and his brother Doug will begin hosting their own TV show on Monday . The show , "  Ford Nation , " picks up where the two brothers left off on a talk radio show that ended its run last week , the network said on its website . A headline on that site posed the question , "  Canada 's Ultimate Reality Show ? " And it quoted Doug Ford saying , "  Rob is like Howard Stern or Rush Limbaugh " and "  You just never know what he is going to say . " "  Mayor Ford seems to be in a no-holds-barred mode , " the network said . "  There is no filter . There is no careful treading . " Critics of Sun News Network have described its conservatism as "  Fox News North , " according to a story about its launch in 2011 by the Toronto Globe and Mail . Ford also recently confessed to having purchased illegal drugs in the past two years , while he was in office . But he has steadfastly refused to step down , saying the voters of Canada 's largest city should decide his fate in 2014 . The latest allegations surfaced Wednesday in more than 500 pages of court documents that police used to get a search warrant for Alexander Lisi , Ford 's friend and occasional driver , whom police accuse of marijuana possession and trafficking . Ford responded Thursday morning by threatening legal action against former staffers who claimed the mayor brought a woman appearing to be an escort to his office and drank alcohol while driving . The documents include police interviews with former staff members , information obtained from surveillance crews and cameras , and even an examination of the mayor 's garbage . Several staffers said they were asked to buy alcohol for the mayor of Canada 's largest city . One incident described by a former staffer alleged that Ford , while driving , stopped the vehicle , guzzled some vodka , and drove on . None of the allegations against Ford has been substantiated by investigators , and Ford faces no criminal charges . Ford called the allegations "  outright lies " and told reporters , "  I 'm sure none of you have never gotten behind the wheel after taking a drink . " On Thursday , Ford also said the so-called "  escort " was n't a prostitute but a family friend . He added that such allegations "  hurt my wife . " "  It makes me sick , " he added . "  I 've had enough . " According to the documents , Ford 's former press secretary , George Christopoulos , said women often came to the mayor 's office , "  and told staffers that they have smoked a joint with the mayor on the street outside of the bar . These women were told by the mayor that they could have a job . " Christopoulos would then have to interview these women and try to talk them out of a job . In a CNN interview Thursday evening , Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair declined comment on the investigation . "  It is a difficult situation for the city of Toronto and for our citizens , but we 're working our way through it , " Blair said . Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne said Thursday she was disturbed by recent events involving the Toronto mayor , and while it 's not the province 's role to impose its preferences on a city 's government , the province would respond and provide new tools to the Toronto City Council if it indicated it needs help to carry out its duties , Wynne said . If so , she would consult other parties to see what could be done so partisan politics would n't be involved , she said . CNN 's Paula Newton and Laura Dolan reported from Toronto , and Matt Smith reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield and Michael Martinez contributed to this report . .	NEW : Mayor 's brother is encouraging him to take a leave of absence , a source says "  When you attack my integrity as a father and as a husband , I see red , " Mayor Rob Ford says Ford apologizes for lewd remark about oral sex on live Canadian television Mayor and his brother will begin their "  Ford Nation " TV show on Monday
Atlanta  CNN  -- It started as a helicopter search for a missing 9-year old boy . About two hours later , the police chopper lay in pieces on a city street , two officers were dead , and hundreds of northwest Atlanta residents had no power . The helicopter with two officers on board crashed late Saturday night , just miles from downtown . It was flying low to enable the officers to conduct a more thorough search , according to Atlanta Police Chief George Turner . Both officers died on impact . Atlanta police : Both officers were fathers On Sunday afternoon , the police department identified the officers as 48-year-old Richard Halford and 40-year-old Shawn Smiley . Halford , who joined the force in 1986 and had been with its air unit the past 16 years , is survived by his former wife and a 21-year-old daughter . Smiley leaves behind his wife and three children -- ages 5 , 7 and 9 -- and had joined the Atlanta police department in 2010 . "  Losing an officer is the most difficult thing a police chief can face , " Turner said . "  Losing two is an unthinkable tragedy . Our hearts go out to the families of these officers and our thoughts and prayers are with them . This is a difficult day ... it is a reminder of their bravery and the sacrifices made by our officers every day . " The late officers were among those responding to a call about a missing boy , made shortly before 9 p.m. Saturday . Witnesses saw the police helicopter , which was being used to look for the child , lose control and crash into the street about an hour and a half later , according to police . There were no injuries on the ground , but the crash knocked out power to 1,300 Georgia Power customers . The Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating . Turner said his department has cordoned off the area , but has turned the investigation over to the federal authorities . The missing boy was later found safe . Chopper crash survivor helps other heal with art CNN 's Maggie Schneider and Ayana Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Both of the officers killed were fathers , Atlanta police say The helicopter crashes late Saturday night while looking for a missing boy The crash knocks out power to 1,300 customers "  Losing two  officers  is an unthinkable tragedy , " police chief says
CNN  -- Eve Arnold , known for her intimate portraits of stars such as Marilyn Monroe as well as her groundbreaking photojournalism work , has died in London , at the age of 99 Magnum Photos said Thursday . Arnold , who in 1957 was the first woman photographer to join the photo agency , became a prominent member , thanks to her talent for photographing people , whatever their background . "  Her intimate , sensitive and compassionate 10-year collaboration with Marilyn Monroe has cemented her as one of the most iconic portrait photographers of our time , but it is the long-term reportage stories that drove Arnold 's curiosity and passion , " Magnum said . CNN Photos : View some of Eve Arnold 's memorable images . Born in 1912 to Russian immigrant parents in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Arnold grew up knowing hardship first-hand . She brought that awareness to her work documenting social injustice in the United States and elsewhere . It was her photos of African-American fashion shows in Harlem , New York , in the early 1950s that first caught the eye of Henri Cartier-Bresson and won her entry to Magnum , at that time a highly male-dominated environment . She became a full member in 1957 . She had begun to take pictures while working at a photo-finishing plant in New Jersey in 1946 and after that studied photography with Alexei Brodovitch in New York . Arnold moved to London in 1962 to put her son through school and remained there for the rest of her life , apart from a six-year period when she worked in the United States and China , Magnum said . She was awarded the Order of the British Empire  OBE  by Queen Elizabeth II in 2003 for her services to photography . In the 1960s and 1970s , Arnold turned her eye to the black civil rights movement in the United States , as well as traveling widely in China , Russia and elsewhere . Behind the Veil , which documented life in Arab states , including for the women inside harems , was published in 1971 . One of the first westerners to be granted a visa for China in the 1970s , her reportage work was published in the book In China in 1980 . Arnold was known for the connection , and sometimes lasting friendships , she formed with those on the other end of the lens . "  If a photographer cares about the people before the lens and is compassionate , much is given . It is the photographer , not the camera , that is the instrument , " she said . Some of her most memorable and haunting images of Marilyn Monroe were taken during filming in Nevada for the 1961 film The Misfits . Marlene Dietrich , Joan Crawford and Isabella Rossellini were also among the celebrities to pose for Arnold . Arnold wrote extensively for magazines and newspapers and published 15 monographs , notably In Retrospect , published in 1995 , in which she tells the story of her own life and career . Women and the lives of those in poverty were subjects she returned to repeatedly over the decades . In her 1976 book , "  The Unretouched Woman , " Arnold wrote : "  Themes recur again and again in my work . I have been poor and I wanted to document poverty ; I had lost a child and I was obsessed with birth ; I was interested in politics and I wanted to know how it affected our lives ; I am a woman and I wanted to know about women . "	Eve Arnold was born in 1912 in Philadelphia , the child of Russian immigrants She was the first woman to become a full member of Magnum Photos , in 1957 She is perhaps best known for portraits of Marilyn Monroe and Marlene Dietrich Her photojournalism projects around the world won her acclaim
CNN  -- South African track star Oscar Pistorius , charged with murdering girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , has applied for more lenient bail restrictions , including permission to travel overseas , a family spokesman said Monday . Pistorius also is trying to sell some assets to settle legal bills , spokesman Johan van Wyk told CNN . His Pretoria home and his racehorses are among the items Pistorius is trying to sell , according to his family . But the sprinter 's family denied BBC reports Monday that he 's suicidal as he awaits trial in what prosecutors say was the premeditated death of Steenkamp . Pistorius acknowledges killing her , but says it was an accident . Former Pistorius detective , off police force The BBC3 report is based on statements from a man the network described as a close family friend who called Pistorius a "  broken man . " "  I would go as far to say that he could be on the verge of suicide , " the network quoted Mike Azzie as saying for an upcoming BBC documentary . Pistorius repeatedly broke down and sobbed during a bail hearing last month , and the runner 's uncle , Arnold Pistorius , acknowledged in a statement that his nephew "  will never be the same " after killing Steenkamp . But the uncle said he 's far from suicidal . "  Oscar , broken as he currently is , believes he has a purpose in life and is working towards that . Media reports to the contrary are untrue , " Arnold Pistorius said . Not everyone surprised at Oscar Pistorius ' fall from grace Authorities charged Pistorius with premeditated murder last month after he shot Steenkamp in his Pretoria home on February 14 . The Olympic and Paralympic sprinter , known as the "  Blade Runner " for competing on carbon fiber blades fitted to the stumps of his amputated legs , said he thought Steenkamp was an intruder . Prosecutors argue he intentionally killed her after a loud argument . A judge ordered Pistorius released on bail last month . Among the bail conditions : He can not return to the home where the shooting happened , had to give up his passport , can not go near an airport and can not drink alcohol . Uncle : Victim 's family wo n't attend Oscar Pistorius ' trial CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	NEW : Oscar Pistorius ' family denies a BBC report that the runner is suicidal NEW : Pistorius "  believes he has a purpose in life , " his uncle says Pistorius is accused of killing his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , on February 14 Prosecutors say it was premeditated murder ; he says it was an accident
CNN  -- Mississippi 's governor declared a state of emergency Thursday for 12 counties after a severe weather system moved across the southern half of the state overnight Wednesday and Thursday . The storms , which included two tornadoes , damaged at least 108 homes . The storms -- which included two confirmed tornadoes -- damaged 108 homes and injured 24 people , according to the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency 's Emergency Operations Center . Simpson County , about 40 miles southeast of Jackson , was hit the worst , it said . A tornado touched down in the county about 4 a.m. Thursday , said Katherine Gunby , spokeswoman for the Emergency Management Agency . Sixty homes were damaged and 20 people were injured in the county , the agency said . Seventeen people were treated in local hospitals and three were transported to the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson , it said . Condition reports were not immediately available . Another tornado was reported in Lauderdale County , in eastern Mississippi , where one business was destroyed and 11 homes and a business were damaged , according to the agency . The state of emergency declared by Gov. Haley Barbour "  will allow state resources to be used throughout the affected areas to assist local governments as they respond to this disaster , " said Mike Womack , director of the Emergency Management Agency , in a written statement . Damage to homes also was reported in Jasper , Jones and Lawrence counties , and power lines and trees were down in Adams , Amite , Lincoln and Madison counties , the agency said . Three injuries were reported in Jones County and one in Jasper County , it said . It gave no further details . The tornadoes destroyed Corinth Baptist Church in Simpson County , leaving only its doors standing . "  The church means so much to this community , " Pastor Jay Westbrooks told CNN affiliate WAPT . "  We 're going to survive . The building is destroyed , but the church is alive , " he said . "  We 're going to come back and rebuild . The weather 's not going to stop us . " The Mississippi Department of Transportation and utility companies are working to restore power to the state , Gunby said . While the state of emergency is currently only for nine counties , it will be extended to any future counties that report damage , the Emergency Management Agency said .	NEW : Mississippi governor declares emergency in 12 counties Church is flattened as twisters hit Mississippi One twister touched down outside Jackson , the other in Lauderdale County Two people airlifted to hospital ; no fatalities reported
CNN  -- President Barack Obama unveiled Thursday a new military strategy . It calls for "  pivoting " from the Middle East to the Far East , focusing partly on the military buildup of China . Without a major public debate of the kind we have about raising taxes , or a congressional vote , the U.S. government is moving slowly but surely toward characterizing China as an aggressive superpower and is preparing for war , should it become necessary . James Clapper , retired lieutenant general and current director of national intelligence , characterized China , "  growing in its military capabilities , " as a "  mortal threat " to the United States . Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs , said , "  The Chinese military openly regards the United States as an enemy . We should not undermine our own security by thinking we can make friends with self-proclaimed adversaries with hospitality and open arms . " China 's leaders tend to stress that they do not seek a confrontation . Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei stated that "  China from beginning to end pursues a defensive national defense policy , and sticks to the path of peaceful development . " Still , one can readily find belligerent voices from China . Gen. Zhu Chenghu expressed willingness to abandon China 's "  no first use " nuclear weapons poloicy , to defend its claim over Taiwan and argued that China should use nuclear weapons against the United States should its military interfere . A 2011 editorial in the Global Times  an English edition of the Communist Party of China 's official newspaper  warned that countries involved in sea disputes with China "  need to prepare for the sounds of cannons . " Moreover , there were several incidents in which China exhibited provocative , troubling behavior . In 2009 , the Pentagon reported that five Chinese vessels "  shadowed and aggressively maneuvered in dangerously close proximity to USNS Impeccable , in an apparent coordinated effort to harass the U.S. ocean surveillance ship . " In 2011 , Chinese patrol boats cut a Vietnamese survey ship 's cables . American hawks hold that the U.S. must build up its military , given China 's rapid military buildup . However , American doves point out that China 's defense spending is rather small . Chinese government-released figures say they spent $ 70 billion on defense in 2009 , though U.S. DoD estimates place it somewhere between $ 122.5 billion and $ 175 billion . For comparison , the U.S. defense budget for fiscal year 2009 was about $ 687 billion . While China launched its first aircraft carrier in August 2011 , the U.S. Navy has 11 . As China 's economic growth slows and the cost of its social and environmental problems rises , it is likely to curb the increases in its defense spending -- unless spurred on by American moves . The same doves point out that China 's military modernization began from a low baseline . China 's highly bureaucratic and inefficient military-industrial complex lags behind even its own nonmilitary and non-state-owned counterparts . Its nuclear submarines are poorly designed . It has few military communications satellites . China 's nuclear-armed bomber fleet is woefully obsolete , and its military is reported to face major problems in its command-and-control systems . All but the most ardent Western hawks see no significant Chinese military threat to core U.S. interests in the near or even intermediate future . Robert Ross finds that "  the transformation of the PLA -LSB- People 's Liberation Army -RSB- into a region-wide strategic power will require many decades ... The transformation of the PLA into a global strategic power is an even more distant prospect . " And Kenneth Lieberthal contends , "  There is no serious military man in China or in the United States who thinks that China has any prayer of dominating the U.S. militarily in the coming three or four decades . " Hence , the U.S. can safely continue to seek to turn China into a partner before concluding that a course of confrontation is unavoidable . The U.S. could work with China to secure pathways for energy and raw materials that are very important to China , and should not bother us . The U.S. could agree with China to settle in an international court or through negotiations differences about claims over the South China Sea ; and stop calling on China 's neighboring countries to get together to oppose China 's legitimate interests . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	President Barack Obama unveiled U.S. military strategy which will focus more on Asia Amitai Etzioni says many voices in U.S. policy assume we should see China as potential enemy China has made provocative moves , but its forces are dwarfed by the U.S. military Etzioni : Rather than prepare for war , U.S. should reach out to improve relations with China
CNN  In A.D. 79 , Mount Vesuvius erupted and buried the cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum . Almost 2,000 years later , researchers may be on the brink of reading some of the charred scrolls damaged in the eruption . The scrolls , which were buried in a Herculaneum library and excavated 260 years ago , are easily damaged or destroyed by unwrapping , so researchers have been unable to read them without risk . But by using X-ray phase contrast tomography -- a 3-D technique used in medicine for soft biological tissue -- they have been able to reveal writing on the tightly wrapped scrolls without unrolling them , wrote a team led by Vito Mocella of the Naples-based Institute for Microelectronics and Microsystems of the National Council of Research . Their research was described in the journal Nature Communications . "  This attempt opens up new opportunities to read many Herculaneum papyri , which are still rolled up , thus enhancing our knowledge of ancient Greek literature and philosophy , " they wrote . The Herculaneum library , which was uncovered in the 1750s , is the only ancient library to survive with its books , the researchers point out . The scrolls are primarily philosophical texts . The team looked at two scrolls given to Napoleon in 1802 , burnt by volcanic gases reaching about 600 degrees Fahrenheit , and were able to discern a handful of Greek letters through the X-ray technology . Though difficult to make out , "  the letters are there in relief , because the ink is still on the top  of the papyrus  , " Mocella told the BBC . There 's still a long way to go to completely read the texts of the scrolls , but scholars are optimistic . One of them , the University of Michigan 's Richard Janko , told The New York Times we might find works thought lost to history . "  This technology , when perfected , does open the way to rediscovering a lot more ancient literature , " he said .	X-ray technique used in medicine helps reveal ancient writing Work on Herculaneum scrolls has promise for scholars
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ask Steve "  Lips " Kudlow how his band , Anvil , overcame bad management , a dead colleague , cruddy jobs , unpaid tour bills , raging arguments and now mockery as a Spinal Tap clone , and he has one word : "  kismet . " Robb Reiner and Steve "  Lips " Kudlow have never given up on playing rock 'n' roll . He may be right . When Sacha Gervasi , a former teenage Anvil fan-roadie turned Steven Spielberg scriptwriter  "  The Terminal "  , decided to pursue a documentary about his old heroes , guitarist Kudlow was working part-time in his native Toronto , Ontario , delivering meals to schools . Drummer Robb Reiner was doing demolition work nearby . Anvil still played , but it was a far cry from the mid - '80s , when the band did a Japanese show with Whitesnake , Bon Jovi and the Scorpions and became a model for groups such as Metallica and Anthrax -- bands that had far more success than Anvil . Gervasi followed the group on an ill-fated European tour , watched them make an album with a name producer , and saw Kudlow and Reiner fight and make up , fight and make up , as they have since they were 15 and swore they 'd rock forever . Watch Kudlow and Reiner talk about their passion " The result is a documentary , "  Anvil ! The Story of Anvil , " that 's earned rave reviews , is gradually rolling out across the country -- and has reawakened interest in Anvil . At times , "  Anvil " invokes the spirit of "  This Is Spinal Tap " -- besides Reiner 's you-can ` t-make-this-up name , the guys even visit Stonehenge -- but , as Cinematical.com reviewer James Rocchi writes , the film 's comedy is cut by an unflinching honesty . Watch "  American Morning " host -- and former music reporter -- John Roberts talk to Anvil "  It 's better than most music documentaries . It 's better than most documentaries , period , " he wrote after seeing the film at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival . "  I am about as metal as your aunt , and I was spellbound by ` Anvil ! The Story of Anvil . ' ... -LSB- It 's -RSB- a hymn to the human spirit , played loud in power chords . " The enthusiastic Kudlow and laconic Reiner came by CNN Center to talk about the film , their inspirations and why they 've always been successful . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : What was the reaction when Sacha came to you and said he wanted to do a documentary on Anvil ? Steve "  Lips " Kudlow : I started crying , because it seemed like kismet , as if it was all meant to be this way . And quite honestly , it is . My internal optimism told me this is going to be the most successful thing that 's ever happened to me , and perhaps one of the greatest things that 's happened to rock music -- the greatest rock documentary that 's ever happened . CNN : Robb ? Robb Reiner : My initial reaction was that this was going to be cool , but I was n't really sure if anybody would care . After Sundance , I knew that this thing was going to be very successful . ... -LSB- It got -RSB- standing ovations . At that point , I knew something was coming . CNN : The film , fairly or unfairly , has been presented as a real-life "  Spinal Tap . " Is that fair ? Kudlow : It was purposely done . Reiner : It 's fair . What can you say ? We 're a heavy metal band . My name is Robb Reiner . -LSB- The director -RSB- is the other Rob Reiner , and Spinal Tap is the fake Anvil . But , outside of that ... it was a Trojan horse to lead people into this . Realistically , we 're not like Spinal Tap , and the movie 's nothing like it either . It 's a spin that 's been created by the media , and we 've just been having fun with it . CNN : A lot of times when a director sets out to make a documentary , the people who are in the documentary say , "  You cut this out , you changed this . " It 's like a reality show . Did Sacha do this , or is it pretty much what you see is what happened ? Kudlow : It 's pretty much what you see is what happened . Reiner : They shot 320 hours of footage . The whole movie is a one-take movie . They just filmed everything ... they could have made five different movies out of the footage they had . Kudlow : Sort of . Reiner : Well , maybe three and a half . Kudlow : It might have been five more-boring movies . CNN : What was the first record you heard that said , this is the direction I want to go ? Kudlow : The Beatles and the Rolling Stones , obviously ... Reiner : For me it was Black Sabbath , Deep Purple , Grand Funk , Cactus , bands like that . Jimi Hendrix ... CNN : There 's that funny bit in the movie in which you -LSB- Lips -RSB- talk about meeting Reiner by observing , "  I heard this guy playing Cactus . " And then later you met -LSB- Cactus drummer -RSB- Carmine Appice . Reiner : It 's like foreshadowing there . Kudlow : And how do you get foreshadowing in a documentary ? You do n't . It 's just that 's the way things played themselves out . That 's what I mean by kismet . It 's as if the screenwriting were done by God . The stuff fell into place by itself . CNN : It 's easy to make fun of a band -- or make a tragedy out of a band -- that does n't quite make it . But back in the '80s , you were playing in front of tens of thousands of people . Even if it had ended then , you say in the movie that you 've had the kind of success you were always hoping for . Reiner : We 've been successful a lot as far as we 're concerned . Kudlow : We 've recorded 13 albums . Reiner : We 've been touring for 30 years . Kudlow : Most of the magic that 's involved here is the fact that we 've always kept our guns loaded . We 've always been prepared . And it 's always staying on top of it and being ready for the opportunity when it came . And when Sacha contacted us after not seeing us for a number of years , it 's not like we 'd thrown in the towel or done anything like that . ... Reiner : The music got us here . There would be no movie if the music did n't mean anything , or had n't meant something . Kudlow : You would n't get testimonials from some of these people if the music did n't mean something . We did make a difference . We were an influence . And we 've always known that . And part of that is the fuel . CNN : Are you tying in concerts with the movie ? Reiner : It 's called the Anvil Experience . We show the movie and we play right after , in the theater . We 've been doing that for the last two months throughout America , and it 's like metal Beatlemania . CNN : There was another album due ... Reiner : "  Juggernaut of Justice " is our next album . It 's written , and we 're just going to record at the end of the year and release it next year . We were going to keep rocking whether this movie came along or not . This movie is a rocket launcher to the mainstream , and here we are .	"  Anvil ! The Story of Anvil " is a documentary that has reawakened interest in band Anvil 's Steve "  Lips " Kudlow and Robb Reiner have been dedicated to music Band went through hell in movie , but never lost passion A real-life "  Spinal Tap " ? Fair , says Reiner , but misleading
EW.com  -- When last we saw Olivia Pope , she was flying off into the sunset  or maybe just flying off  with Jake by her sideâ $ " leaving behind a broken Fitz , who 'd just lost his son and realized some horrible things about his father . D.C. now rests in the hands of Olivia 's own father , who once again took over B-613 . So what awaits the team when season four starts up ? How about a new face ? EW has confirmed that "  Arrested Development " star Portia de Rossi will join "  Scandal 's " fourth season for a multiple-episode arc . Ellen DeGeneres first announced the news on Twitter , bragging about her wife 's "  top secret " storyline . Could the words "  top secret " mean de Rossi is a part of Papa Pope 's B-613 army ? We 'll find out Thursday , Sept. 25 at 9 p.m. , when Scandal returns on ABC . ABC fall premiere dates announced : ` Scandal ' returns Former ` Scandal ' actor Columbus Short arrested in Texas See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The actress will join season 4 Ellen DeGeneres first announced the news on Twitter The storyline is "  top secret "
HLNtv.com  -- "  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson is ruffling feathers again , this time for comments he made years ago about how girls should marry when they 're still teenagers . "  They got to where they 're getting hard to find , mainly because these boys are waiting 'til they get to be about 20 years old before they marry 'em , " Robertson says in a video clip that resurfaced Monday . "  Look , you wait 'til they get to be 20 years old , the only picking that 's going to take place is your pocket . You got to marry these girls when they are about 15 or 16 . They 'll pick your ducks . " In the video , Robertson is recounting an anecdote at a speaking engagement . He describes the story as "  river rat counseling " he was giving to a "  boy " of unknown age and -- referring specifically to marrying teenage girls -- also advises the crowd to "  check with Mom and Dad about that , of course . " Robertson is four years older than his wife , Kay , whom he married when she was 16 years old , according to A&E 's website . The reality show patriarch was speaking at a Georgia Sportsmen Ministry event when he recounted this advice , according to the video 's description . The clip was originally posted in 2009 by YouTube user wakemakerducks , which is also the name of Robertson 's company . It was posted again to YouTube on Monday . In the newly resurfaced footage , Robertson also lists other qualities he advised the boy to look for in a future wife . "  Make sure that she can cook a meal . You need to eat some meals that she cooks , check that out . Make sure she carries her Bible . That 'll save you a lot of trouble down the road , " he said . The resurfaced footage comes on the heels of controversy caused by comments regarding homosexuality that Robertson , 67 , made to GQ magazine this month . "  It seems like , to me , a vagina -- as a man -- would be more desirable than a man 's anus , " Robertson told GQ when opening up about topics he said he could n't discuss on the show . "  That 's just me . I 'm just thinking : There 's more there ! She 's got more to offer . I mean , come on , dudes ! You know what I 'm saying ? But hey , sin : It 's not logical , my man . It 's just not logical . " Robertson went on to explain to the magazine how he thinks that the line between right and wrong has been blurred and that "  sin becomes fine . " He then expanded on what , in his opinion , is "  sinful . " "  Start with homosexual behavior and just morph out from there , " he said . "  Bestiality , sleeping around with this woman and that woman and that woman and those men . " A&E quickly suspended Robertson from filming future episodes of the hit show after he made those comments . Nine days later , the network reversed its decision . HLN has reached out to the "  Duck Dynasty " family for comment but has yet to hear back .	"  You got to marry these girls when they are about 15 or 16 , " Phil Robertson says in old video The clip was originally posted in 2009 , then posted again to YouTube on Monday This month , Robertson drew ire with controversial comments about homosexuality , race HLN has reached out to the "  Duck Dynasty " family for comment but has not heard back
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- The owner of the barge that spilled about 420,000 gallons of industrial fuel in the Mississippi River near New Orleans said Thursday the company was not to blame for the accident , but said it will be responsible for the cleanup . Fuel oil surrounds plants on the banks of the Mississippi River after the collision . Paul Book , vice president of operations facilities for American Commercial Lines Inc. , said divers were assessing the barge as it lay against a bridge pier . "  We have reports of oil that is bubbling , coming from the bow and the stern compartments , " he said at a news conference attended by several government officials . V-shaped booms containing skimmers have been placed below each compartment to collect and siphon off the oil , he said . The operation will be done twice . Watch scenes from the oil spill " "  We have high hopes that that will stop the release ... coming from the barge , " Book said . The spill , which affected 98 miles of one of the nation 's busiest waterways , resulted from a collision early Wednesday between the 61-foot barge carrying the fuel and a tanker . The two collided just north of the massive bridges connecting downtown New Orleans to communities across the river . See a map of where the spill happened " The tug Mel Oliver , which had been hired to push the barge upriver , had no properly licensed crew on board , Coast Guard officials said . The tugboat pilot had only an apprentice mate 's license instead of the required master 's license . The oil was being hauled from John W. Stone Oil Distributor in Gretna , said Coast Guard Petty Officer Jaclyn Young . Two investigations are under way -- one by the Coast Guard and the other by the National Transportation Safety Board . Book and Coast Guard Capt. Lincoln Stroh , the port captain in New Orleans , declined to respond to reporters ' questions about how an unqualified pilot was hired . "  American Commercial Line has stepped forward as being responsible for the spill cleanup , not responsible for the incident , " Stroh said . "  The investigation will clearly establish fault at a later date , but that 's not a place to go right now . " Book added , "  We were not the operator of the towing vessel nor the operator of the ship . " At least 100 ships were stalled Thursday along the river from just south of New Orleans to the Gulf of Mexico , the Coast Guard said . He said a marine transportation recovery unit will prioritize the ships according to the urgency of their cargo so they can be moved either above the oil spill zone or to the east or west . Coast Guard Lt. j.g. Anastacia Visneski said , "  It 's going to take us several days before we can get the river open , and it 's going to take weeks before we can clean it all up . "  Right now , our priority is for the safety of the people in the parishes surrounding the river , the safety of the environment , and containing and cleaning up the spill as quickly as possible . " Containment booms have been installed to prevent the oil from spreading to environmentally sensitive areas and seeping into water-supply intake valves in Gretna , St. Bernard , Dalcour , Belle Chasse , Pointe a la Hache , Port Sulphur and Boothville-Venice , Young said . Tom MacKenzie of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said there have been few reports so far of oil-covered wildlife , but much of the shoreline has n't yet been searched . Plaquemines Parish , which is 100 miles long , shut off its water intake valves after the spill , and was banned from using the ferry to New Orleans , except for emergencies . Parish President Billy Nungesser said he is prepared to truck water in if necessary . "  We 're running low on the east bank of Plaquemines . We thought we 'd run out today , " he said late Thursday afternoon . He said the parish was still testing the level of contamination . "  We will not turn on the outtakes until we are 100 percent sure it is safe to drink , " he said . "  The whole Mississippi has a sheen on it . " The east bank has 1,500 residents , a coal depot , an oil storage facility and other commercial businesses , he said . The west bank of Plaquemines Parish , population 22,000 , was using water from Jefferson Parish , whose supply valves are north of the spill , Nungesser said . In southern Plaquemines , Boothville-Venice has ponds that can provide a 20-day water supply , he added . Book said 50,000 feet of boom has been deployed in the river cleaning , with another 50,000 still available . At least 350 people are involved in the cleanup , he said . The oil was being skimmed and sucked into vacuum trucks , then put in temporary storage tanks . He estimated that 140 barrels of oil -- not quite 6,000 gallons -- had been contained . The 590-foot Liberian-flagged tanker Tintomara was not damaged in the collision , but the crash split the barge nearly in half . A swifter-than-normal current quickly drew the slick downstream . Stroh said the oil , widely used as marine fuel , is heavier than diesel but lighter than crude . The spill is much smaller than the ones that followed Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , when the Coast Guard estimated that more than 7 million gallons of oil were dumped into the Mississippi and nearby waterways . The Mississippi is the major shipping route from the Midwest to the Gulf of Mexico , and New Orleans is among the largest U.S. ports .	Barge company not to blame in spill , firm 's vice president says At least 100 ships wait on Mississippi for spill to be cleaned up 98-mile closure could last days , but cleanup could take weeks , Coast Guard says More than 400,000 gallons of industrial oil spilled after tanker , barge collide
CNN  -- Lower Saxony , the state hardest hit by Germany 's tainted egg scandal , has lifted a quarantine on 3,000 poultry and hog farms after tests proved negative for increased dioxin levels , officials said Monday . The state may lift the quarantine on more farms once additional test results come in Monday , said the state 's ministry for consumer protection and agriculture . Also Monday , Germany 's minister for agriculture and consumer affairs , Ilse Aigner , published an initiative for animal feed safety in reaction to the scandal . The initiative calls for consideration of harsher punishments for violations of the law . The list was published after a crisis meeting between Aigner and representatives of the country 's animal feed industry . "  Today , events like the discovery of dioxin animal are not merely local in nature anymore . They have regional and possibly even global effects in concerning public health and economic damage , " the initiative says . "  The federal ministries for consumer protection and justice together will explore the need to adjust current laws . " The initiative also calls for stricter registration rules and a strict separation of ingredients for animal feeds and those for other industrial processes . Meanwhile , Danish investigators said Monday they are looking into the possibility that contaminated animal feed from Germany may have been given to hens in Denmark . The feed , contaminated with dioxin , was purchased by a Danish firm late last year , said Kim Vandrup Sigsgaard with the Danish Veterinary and Food Administration . "  There is an ongoing investigation to see if the contaminated feed was consumed by breeder hens , which are not meant for consumption , " he said . Such hens are bred for their eggs , and not sold for their meat , he said . Sigsgaard said his agency was warned about the feed entering Denmark by the European Union 's food safety system , the Rapid Alert System for Food and Feed , on Sunday . Last week , Germany filed criminal charges against the company at the heart of the country 's tainted egg scandal . The company , Harles and Jentzsch , apparently knew for months that fatty acid it was delivering to animal-feed makers was contaminated with dioxin , said Christian Seifert , a spokesman for the agricultural ministry in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein . Criminal charges have been filed against the company , Seifert said , "  because they did not immediately inform " the agricultural ministry that dioxin levels surpassed the allowed amount . Authorities allege that the company sold about 3,000 tons of contaminated fatty acids to dozens of companies making animal feed across Germany . In response , the government quarantined more than 4,700 pig and poultry farms . Harles and Jentzsch laboratory tests from March 2010 showed they exceeded the ceiling level for dioxin , he said . "  At that point they had to stop delivering this product and immediately inform the authorities . They did not do either , " Seifert said . Government officials learned of the higher concentrations of dioxin in December , he said . Several attempts to reach Harles and Jentzsch last week for comment were unsuccessful . Dioxin levels in the final feed product were diluted and it is likely they did not exceed allowed amounts , Seifert said . "  Of course that is no excuse . The conduct is still wrong , " he said . The farms shut down include not only ones raising chickens and other poultry , but also pig farms , said Pierre Vetter , a spokesman for Germany 's Ministry for Agriculture and Consumer Protection . State authorities quarantined all farms that received animal feed from companies affected , regardless of whether there is proof that the feed was contaminated , the ministry 's website said . "  The state authorities are right to quarantine products -- eggs and meat -- that may have been exposed to contaminated feed , even if there is no concrete scientific evidence in all cases , " Aigner said in a statement . About 130,000 possibly contaminated eggs were exported from a company in Germany to a food company in Netherlands , where they were to be used in industrial food production , said Holger Eichele , a spokesman for Germany 's Ministry for Agriculture and Consumer Protection . The UK Food Standards Agency said a pasteurized mixture including some of the contaminated eggs was distributed in Britain . "  The mixing of the eggs will have diluted the levels of dioxins and they are not thought to be a risk to health , " the agency said in a statement . Dioxins are a family of toxic chemicals that share a similar chemical structure and have been characterized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as likely human carcinogens . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro in London contributed to this report .	NEW : Germany publishes initiative for animal feed safety Lower Saxony says it may lift the quarantine on more farms Denmark thinks some contaminated feed may have been given to hens there A German official says a company knew its fatty acid was contaminated with dioxin
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica  CNN  -- The official count of confirmed deaths grew to 15 Friday afternoon , one day after a 6.1-magnitude earthquake shook north central Costa Rica , a government emergency official said . iReporter Leonardo Diaz photographed the damage in Plaza Mayor Shopping Center in San Jose . Reinaldo Carballo , a spokesman for the federal Commission for National Emergencies , said the updated death toll came from information given to the agency by Costa Rica Vice President Rodrigo Arias . In addition , Carballo said , rescuers were trying to reach 300 tourists stranded in a hotel in Varablanca . Carballo said he did not know the tourists ' nationalities or the name of the hotel . There were conflicting reports on the number of dead from Thursday 's earthquake . The Commission for National Emergencies had issued a news release earlier Friday saying the quake had killed four people . Also earlier Friday , Red Cross official Milton Chaverri told CNN there were 14 dead and 22 missing . Red Cross spokeswoman Fiorella Vilca said Friday afternoon there were nine dead and 42 missing . The discrepancy may result from the fact that the Commission for National Emergencies reports only deaths it has confirmed , Carballo said . About 32 people were injured , he said . On Friday , the U.S. government dispatched a team of 34 U.S. military personnel and four helicopters from Honduras-based Joint Task Force-Bravo to Costa Rica to assist . Survivors described the suddenness and brutality of the quake . Landslides , tumbling rocks and collapsed buildings caused widespread devastation and death . "  I saw how the earth moved and how it took my family -- my aunt , my cousin and her babies , " Miguel Angel Marin told CNN affiliate Teletica TV . "  It was very hard because I wanted to save them , but I could n't . " A sobbing Vilma Cambronero was asked what happened to her family . "  Some are well , " she said . "  Others are buried . " An unidentified woman told Teletica , "  Everything started to move and everything fell on top of us . It was a miracle we got out . " More than 1,200 people were stranded , without a way to get out of towns or homes , Chaverri said . Another 1,000 people were living in shelters , he said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video "  Many people were injured , many buildings were damaged and landslides blocked roads in the area , " the U.S. Geological Survey said . The dead included three young girls , officials said Friday . Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Sanchez was scheduled to tour the affected area Friday . On Thursday , he appealed for calm . The remote area near Alajuela , where the quake hit strongest , is difficult to reach , and officials said they were having to rely on helicopters for medical evacuations and to airlift supplies . Randall Picado , a government rescue official , said many residents were without water and other necessities . About 400 volunteers and Red Cross personnel were giving aid in 15 communities , Chaverri said . The temblor was felt throughout Costa Rica and in southern and central Nicaragua , the U.S. Geological Survey reported on its Web site . "  I felt the earthquake , " Costa Rican office worker Erick Solorzano told CNN in an iReport message . "  I work in a sixth floor , and it was very strong . We felt the building was going to collapse . " About 2,000 aftershocks have been felt in San Jose , the capital , and other cities throughout the nation , Red Cross spokeswoman Vilca said . The Geological Survey placed the earthquake 's epicenter at 20 miles  32 kilometers  north-northwest of San Jose at a depth of 2.8 miles  4.5 kilometers  .	NEW : Rescuers trying to reach 300 tourists stranded in hotel NEW : "  I saw how the earth moved and how it took my family , " survivor says Reports on number of people killed in quake conflict ; up to 42 may be missing More than 1,200 stranded , 1,000 more in shelters , Red Cross official says
New York  CNN  -- Leslie Buck , designer of New York City 's iconic blue-and-white coffee cup , died Monday at home in Glen Cove , New York . He was 87 years old . Before there was a Starbucks on every corner , New Yorkers would stop into one of the city 's many Greek-owned diners for their morning caffeine . They would most likely exit clutching Buck 's famous "  Anthora Cup " filled with steaming coffee . The cup has made appearances in New York City TV shows and movies , from "  Law and Order " , to Al Pacino 's 1989 film "  Sea of Love . " One of Buck 's daughters , Beverly Eisenoff , remembers sitting in the movie theater when she saw the cup stretched across the screen , "  That 's my dad 's cup ! " she yelled . Angie Gorman , Director of Communications at Solo Cup Co. , told CNN that Solo now owns Sherri Cup Co. , where Buck first designed the cup in the early 1960s . The cup can still be custom ordered , but demand for the cup tapered off in the new century and Solo decided to officially discontinue the product from its catalog in 2006 . Born Laszlo Büch in present-day Ukraine in 1922 , Buck arrived in America a refugee of Nazi Germany after World War II . He lost his parents to the Nazis , but he survived Auschwitz and Buchenwald . His daughter describes him as a self-made man , "  He came here with nothing , no parents , no job , no savings . He had nothing . " But that did n't stop him . "  Because of what he suffered in the concentration camps he was somebody who really believed in respecting humanity , really was about loving your neighbor and respecting your neighbor , " his daughter said . It was this respect that led him to spend hours in the library , researching Greek history and design . He wanted to honor the heritage of the Greek diner owners who bought his products and gave him his livelihood . His design features three steaming golden cups of coffee , and the essential phrase ` We are happy to serve you " bordered by two Greek Amphora vases . Buck 's children say his Eastern European accent transformed "  Amphora " to "  Anthora , " and that 's how it 's known today . When Buck retired in 1992 , the company printed 10,000 cups for him and his family with a slight change . The cups said , "  It was our pleasure to serve you , " as a farewell to the man who left his mark on the city that never sleeps . When talking with CNN about the outpouring of attention and affection for her father following his death , Eisenoff described her father as incredibly humble , and impossible to buy presents for . "  New York became his home when he left his home , " she says . "  This is the best present to give my father . What he did his whole life matters to the city that became his home . " Leslie Buck is survived by his wife , Ella , Eisenoff and another daughter , Linda Rush , his son Robert , his brother Eugene and four grandchildren .	Leslie Buck , designer of New York 's iconic blue - and-white coffee cup , has died Cup has appeared in film , TV , including "  Law and Order "  and "  Sea of Love " He designed cup to honor Greek diner owners who bought his products Cup shows phrase ` We are happy to serve you " , 2 cups , 2 Greek Amphora vases
CNN  -- Pope Francis does n't want a commonly quoted Bible verse chanted as empty words on Christmas Day -- the one about peace on Earth . "  Glory to God in the highest heaven , and on earth peace among those whom he favors , " heavenly hosts proclaimed when Christ was born , according to the Vatican translation . The pontiff told tens of thousands of people gathered in front of the Vatican on Wednesday where he wants that peace to happen -- in Syria , South Sudan , the Central African Republic and the Holy Land . False pretenses wo n't do . "  True peace is not a balance of opposing forces . It is not a lovely ` facade ' which conceals conflicts and divisions . Peace calls for daily commitment , " Francis said in his Christmas Urbi et Orbi message . The Urbi et Orbi address is customarily political and global , as its name indicates . It is Latin and means "  to the city  of Rome  and to the world . " Popes give the address and blessing on special occasions such as Easter and Christmas . Vatican TV estimated that about 150,000 attended the blessing in St. Peter 's Square , which marked Francis ' first Christmas celebration as pope . He asked Jesus to inspire peace in warring factions around the world . "  Prince of Peace , in every place turn hearts aside from violence and inspire them to lay down arms and undertake the path of dialogue . " He also continued his criticism of money-driven evils . "  Lord of heaven and earth , " he prayed , "  look upon our planet , frequently exploited by human greed and rapacity . " Pray for peace Francis asked Christians to pray for an end to the violence and suffering in Syria and for humanitarian aid to get through to its people . He prayed for people dying of hunger , thirst and violence in the Central African Republic to find an end to war and poverty . He also addressed a new armed conflict . "  Foster social harmony in South Sudan , where current tensions have already caused numerous victims and are threatening peaceful coexistence in that young state , " he prayed . He asked God to have mercy on civilians killed in Nigeria and Iraq and prayed that Israelis and Palestinians find peace together in "  the land where you chose to come into the world . " Francis remembered refugees fleeing conflicts and misery in Africa who died off the coast of Italy when their overfilled boats capsized before reaching the town of Lampedusa . He prayed for those who lost entire families and homes to Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines . Pope adored The massive turnout on Christmas Day mirrored the popularity Francis has enjoyed since becoming head of the Catholic Church . His reputation for being down to earth and genuinely caring about people has touched a chord with millions . Christmas Eve was no different . There was a record number of requests to attend this year 's Christmas Eve Mass , the Vatican said . "  People are listening to him , because he 's speaking in a language that 's not Vaticanese , " said Gerard O'Connell , a Vatican analyst . "  He 's speaking the language of ordinary people . " The Pope preached Tuesday evening on love , forgiveness and facing life with bravery and with God 's help . "  To us the Lord repeats , ` Do not be afraid . ' ... And I , too , repeat , do not be afraid , ' " Francis said . He called on the throngs gathered at St. Peter 's Basilica on Tuesday to cast aside hatred . "  If we love God and our brothers and sisters , we walk in the light . But if our heart is closed , if we are dominated by pride , deceit , self-seeking , then darkness falls within us , and around us . " Reforms , surprises Nine months into his papacy , much has been made of the Pope 's reforms , among them more scrutiny at the Vatican bank , changes to the church 's bureaucratic structure , and a commission to deal with the abuse of minors . And while this year 's Christmas liturgy remains the same , experts say we should expect the unexpected . "  He tends to be a surprise , because he does things that are normal , but are very abnormal in terms of the papacy , " O'Connell said . "  He brought three homeless men into where he is living to have breakfast with him on his birthday . ... I suspect we will see something else again over the Christmas period . " The festivities began on Saturday , with the Pope 's Christmas message to the Curia . He urged the church 's governing body to avoid gossip and to focus on service . And then he practiced what he preached , spending three hours at a local hospital bringing Christmas cheer to sick children .	"  Peace calls for daily commitment , " Francis says in his Christmas Urbi et Orbi message Make it in Syria , Israel , the Palestinian territories , South Sudan , he says The Urbi et Orbi address is customarily political and global , as its name indicates It is Latin and means "  to the city  of Rome  and to the world "
CNN  -- A senior Iranian official said Saturday that Tehran is not considering a replacement for Hamid Aboutalebi , its choice for ambassador to the United Nations , despite the United States denying him a visa , Iranian state TV reported . The United States has told Iran that it will not issue a visa to Aboutalebi because of his ties to the 1979 takeover of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran , the White House said . But Iran 's Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi told reporters in Tehran that Aboutalebi remained Iran 's choice and that it is following up on the issue through diplomatic channels , according to state broadcaster Press TV . Iranian lawmaker Hossein Naqavi Hosseini told state news agency IRNA that the United States was obliged to honor its responsibility to issue visas in its role as host for the United Nations headquarters in New York . The White House is still reviewing a bill passed in Congress this week prohibiting the ambassador from entering the United States . Aboutalebi was a member of the Muslim Students Following the Imam 's Line , the group of militants that seized the embassy on November 4 , 1979 , holding 52 Americans hostage for 444 days . He is a veteran diplomat who has served as Iran 's ambassador to Australia , Belgium , Italy and the European Union . He has also held high-profile posts in the Iranian Foreign Ministry . He currently works in the political affairs office of President Hassan Rouhani and is believed to be close to the Iranian leader , who is widely viewed as a moderate with a reformist agenda . In an interview with Iranian media , Aboutalebi said he served as translator and negotiator , but denied taking part in the initial occupation of the embassy . Unusual step One of the leaders of the takeover of the U.S. Embassy , Abbas Abdi , told CNN exclusively from Tehran that "  Mr. Aboutalebi was not in Tehran during the initial invasion . " Abdi , currently a reformist journalist , said Aboutalebi has "  no relation to the decision-making team , the group who invaded and those who continued the hostage captivity in Iran . " The choice of Aboutalebi could complicate U.S. President Barack Obama 's efforts to re-engage with Tehran after the election of Rouhani and negotiate a comprehensive agreement with five other world powers to curb Iran 's nuclear program . Asked Friday if the issue over Aboutalebi would affect nuclear talks , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters it had not impacted discussions held this week . She declined to give details of the reasons behind the visa refusal but said the United States had been "  very clear ... with the Iranians that this nomination is not viable . " Hamid Babaei , a spokesman for the Iranian mission to the United Nations , said it was a "  regrettable decision " by the United States which was "  in contravention of international law , the obligation of the host country and the inherent right of sovereign member states to designate their representatives to the United Nations . " With no formal relations between the United States and Iran , the U.N. mission is Tehran 's only diplomatic operation in the United States and has played a role in facilitating unofficial exchanges of messages between the two nations . The step taken this week is unusual , given that the United States is obligated to grant entry visas to representatives of U.N. member states , in accordance with a 1947 agreement signed with the world body . CNN 's Laura Bernardini , Elise Labott and Richard Roth contributed to this report .	Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi says Iran is not considering a different nominee The United States says it wo n't issue a visa to Hamid Aboutalebi as Iran 's U.N. envoy The diplomat 's ties to the 1979 U.S. Embassy takeover prompted the move He says he was a translator and negotiator , denies taking part in embassy 's initial occupation
CNN  -- A second person has died during construction for Madonna 's upcoming concerts in Marseilles , France , authorities said Friday . Firefighters leave the Stade Velodrome stadium in Marseille after the accident on Thursday . The second fatality was a 32-year-old British citizen , the British Foreign Office and a high-ranking police official said . It was not clear whether the person was a man or woman , but the next of kin had been informed , the Foreign Office said . A 53-year-old French man was killed Thursday when a crane collapsed at the venue , a fire department spokesman in the southern French city said . A third person was in critical condition , said Alexandre Lanzalavi , a spokesman for Marseille Hospital . Two other people were in hospital and required surgery , and seven others were treated and released , Lanzalavi said . Madonna said Thursday that she was "  devastated " to hear about the death . "  My prayers go out to those who were injured and their families , along with my deepest sympathy to all those affected by this heartbreaking news , " Madonna said in a statement issued by her representative , Liz Rosenberg . At least one Madonna show had been canceled , Rosenberg told CNN . The accident happened when a crane collapsed while lifting a large metallic truss -- a structure from which lights hang -- into place , Lt. Thierry Delorme of the French Navy told CNN . In Marseille , the fire department is a part of the Navy . An investigation has been launched into the cause of the collapse , he said . Some 27 fire engines and 80 firefighters responded to the emergency when the accident occurred about 5:15 p.m.  11:15 a.m. ET  . Madonna was to play the first of five concerts for her "  Sticky and Sweet " tour at the 60,000-seat Stade Velodrome on Sunday . The singer was in Udine , Italy , when she heard the news , Rosenberg said . Flora Genoux in Paris , France , contributed to this story for CNN .	Two people killed when stage being built for Madonna concert collapses Accident happened Thursday afternoon in southern French city of Marseille Madonna was due to play first of five concerts in city Sunday
EW.com  -- Party at Charlie Sheen 's house tonight ! The actor 's comedy series "  Anger Management " was just picked up for a 90-episode renewal , FX announced . "  We set a very high ratings bar that included some additional hurdles for ` Anger Management ' to earn its back-90 order and the series met and exceed those metrics , " said Chuck Saftler , executive vp of FX . "  Bruce Helford has created a sitcom that works extremely well in our pre-10 p.m. programming lineup . Charlie Sheen and the entire cast did an amazing job in the first ten episodes , which were produced in a very tight window . I have no doubt that the producers and cast will be able to pull off the Herculean task of producing 90 episodes over the next two years . " ` New Normal ' : Watch the pilot online As part of the show 's deal , "  Anger Management " needed to hit a designated average ratings threshold over the course of its first season . Meeting that number triggered an automatic , additional 90-episode order . ` Zero Dark Thirty ' : Gov ' t docs made public "  Anger Management 's " premiere was the most-watched basic cable scripted comedy debut in history and the series overall has averaged 4.5 million viewers and 2.5 million adults 18-49 . Season two starts production September 24 . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Anger Management " was just picked up for a 90-episode renewal The premiere was the most-watched basic cable scripted comedy debut in history the series overall has averaged 4.5 million viewers
CNN  -- A top judge has issued a special plea to the four suspects named in the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri killing to come before the court . Judge Antonio Cassese , the president of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon , said in an open letter to the four men accused in the 2005 attack that they will be treated fairly if they appear before the court or even participate in the trial proceedings without being present . Cassese issued the statement after Lebanese authorities told him they have been unable so far to serve warrants on and arrest the accused . "  We will conduct trials based on a firm presumption of innocence of the accused . The Tribunal shall never convict anybody unless guilt is established beyond any reasonable doubt , " he said . Arrest warrants were issued for Salim Jamil Ayyash , Mustafa Amine Badreddine , Hussein Hassan Oneissi , and Assad Hassan Sabra . A highly placed source in the Lebanese army , who had correctly given CNN the names of the suspects previously , has said that all four belong to Hezbollah , the Lebanese Shiite militant group . Hariri , a wealthy entrepreneur turned politician , died when his motorcade was hit by a bomb in Beirut on February 14 , 2005 . Supporters say he was killed because of his opposition to Syrian influence in Lebanon . His death prompted mass protests that led to the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon , who had been in the country for nearly 30 years . Cassese defended the tribunal , saying its personnel "  are doing their job with full independence and impartiality . " "  We are only acting in the interest of Lebanon ; our only motivation is the pursuit of justice . Our exclusive aim is to find the truth about the assassination of 14 February 2005 and other possibly connected criminal cases , while upholding the highest international standards of criminal law . " The judge said that if the accused do n't wish to come before the tribunal at The Hague in the Netherlands , they can participate by video link . Cassese said the tribunal "  will appoint the best professionals to represent them in court " in their absence . But he urged them to appoint legal counsel and pass along instructions to them , even if they choose not to appear before the court . "  If you believe this Tribunal is illegal or illegitimate , argue this point through legal counsel chosen by you -- you will thus have your voice heard on this issue . Use your counsel to make your case and zealously protect your rights . " If they ca n't afford lawyers , tribunal funds are available for hiring legal counsel . "  The march to justice is inexorable , and one way or another we will end up with a trial . I therefore strongly appeal to the accused to take advantage of the broad legal possibilities offered by our Rules of Procedure and Evidence , thereby contributing to the establishment of truth and the conduct of fair proceedings , " he said . As for Lebanese authorities , the judge said he 's hopeful they will "  persist in their search for the accused . "	The four suspects are said to be members of Hezbollah Rafik Hariri was assassinated February 14 , 2005 , in Beirut Lebanese authorities say they ca n't get their hands on the suspects
CNN  -- Australian soprano Dame Joan Sutherland , dubbed "  La Stupenda " by opera lovers , died Sunday at age 83 in her home in Switzerland after a long illness . In a career spanning the last half of the 1900s , Sutherland twice won a Grammy for best classical performer , in 1961 and 1981 . Neil Portnow , president and CEO of the Recording Academy , described Sutherland as possessing "  an organic and elegant voice with astonishing range , vibrance and sense of drama . " "  Throughout her extraordinary four-decade career , she performed with such greats as Luciano Pavarotti and before audiences in opera houses across the globe . Her legacy lives on in the beautiful arias with which she graced the world , " Portnow said in a written statement . Her stage career began in 1951 in her native Sydney in a production of "  Judith " by Eugene Goossens , according to a spokesman with her recording company , Decca Records . She signed with Decca in 1959 . Over the next 30 years , she made 40 recordings of 33 operas , as well as operatic highlights , anthologies and collections ranging from baroque rarities to songs by Noel Coward , a personal friend to her . Sutherland was often accompanied on stage or in studios by mentor and husband Richard Bonynge , and regular vocal partners included mezzo-soprano Marilyn Horne and the tenor Pavarotti . Her last stage appearance was with both performers in Act 2 of "  Die Fledermaus " at The Royal Opera House in London , England 's Covent Garden on December 31 , 1989 . Her record company credits her with rising to international stardom in 1959 when she appeared in Franco Zefirelli 's Covent Garden production of Donizetti 's "  Lucia di Lammermoor . " During her career she sang the role of Lucia 233 times . During the late 1950s and 1960s , she and Bonynge , whom she married in 1954 , were at the forefront of a Handel revival . In 1960 , during Venice , Italy , performances of Handel 's "  Alcina , " a journalist nicknamed her "  La Stupenda . " That same year , Sutherland paid homage to bygone prima donnae when she recorded "  The Art of The Prima Donna , " and the two-album set became a bestseller and won a Dutch Edison Award in 1961 . She resurrected a number of forgotten works and gave them new life on the stage and in the recording studio , including Massenet 's "  Le roi de Lahore " and "  Esclarmonde , " the latter being a favorite of hers . During retirement , she mentored young singers and sat as a juror on international signing competitions . She is survived by her husband ; her son Adam and daughter-in-law Helen ; and two grandchildren , Natasha and Vanya .	Sutherland won two Grammy Awards , in 1961 and 1981 She performed often with tenor Luciano Pavarotti She sang the role of Lucia in "  Lucia di Lammermoor " 233 times
CNN  -- When the job offer came from the Food and Drug Administration in the winter of 2005 , Sarah Sellers jumped at the chance . It was her "  dream job , " she says , and she picked up her family and moved from Chicago to Washington . Two years later , she left in frustration , unable , she says , to do the job she was hired to do : help clean up compounding pharmacies . Compound pharmacists create customized medication solutions for patients for whom manufactured pharmaceuticals wo n't work , according to the International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists . Those mixed-batch drugs can range from children 's cough syrup -- like adding grape flavor -- to complex concoctions that treat cancer , according to Kevin Outterson , an associate professor of health law and bioethics at Boston University . As a young pharmacist , Sellers had worked in a compounding pharmacy and was shocked by what she describes as unsterile conditions . "  The pharmacy was purportedly making sterile injections from scratch using non-sterile ingredients , " she told a Senate committee in 2003 . "  When I asked permission to order and substitute FDA-approved products because of safety concerns , I was cautioned that it would be less profitable for the pharmacy . " At the FDA , Sellers had hoped to help write new federal sterility guidelines for compounding pharmacies . "  I expected the guidelines to come out when I was working at the agency in 2006 , " Sellers said . "  But it never happened . It was so frustrating . " More than six years later , those guidelines -- which some experts say might have prevented the current outbreak of meningitis -- still have not come out . Twelve people have died in the current outbreak of non-contagious fungal meningitis , linked to contaminated steroid injections made by the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center . Meningitis outbreak highlights failed oversight efforts "  We 've been waiting for years for these guidelines , " said Michael Cohen , a pharmacist and president of the Institute for Safe Medication Practices . "  They 're desperately needed to assure patient safety . " Over the years , people have died , been blinded and become ill from contaminated medicines made at compounding pharmacies . In 2003 , the Government Accountability Office testified that the FDA was aware of more than 200 adverse events associated with drugs from compounding pharmacies since 1990 . The infections continued : For example , in 2011 , nine people in Alabama died from blood infections after they received intravenous medicine made at a compounding pharmacy , and in 2011 and 2012 , 33 people suffered fungal eye infections from drops made at a compounding pharmacy in Florida . The sterility guidelines are in "  in progress , " according to Erica Jefferson , an FDA spokeswoman . The agency , she said , has tried for 20 years to have more oversight of compounding pharmacies but has faced challenges by the industry . When asked why it 's taking years to write these guidelines , Jefferson declined to comment . Sellers said that when she worked at the FDA , "  political pressure " kept the guidelines from being published . "  Compounding pharmacies make a lot of money , and it goes to various places at the state and federal level , " she said . The International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists has spent more than $ 1 million over the past decade on lobbying , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . David Miller , the group 's executive vice president and chief executive officer , denies that his group has lobbied against federal sterility standards and says it has actually been fighting for them . "  We 've written to the FDA ; we 've written to Congress , " Miller said . "  We 've been pushing on this since before 2003 . " After Sellers left the FDA , she moved back to Chicago and became an independent consultant , and she still fights for better standards for compounding pharmacies . The problem , she says , is bigger than just a few outbreaks , since illnesses might not be traced back to contaminated drugs . "  The FDA only knows about the safety concerns they hear about , " she said . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	At the FDA , Sarah Sellers fought for compounding pharmacy guidelines Years later , there are still no sterility guidelines in place Over the years , people have died , been blinded and become ill A compounding pharmacists ' group says it 's fighting for sterility standards
CNN  -- The Netherlands is reeling from the death of a volunteer soccer official at an amateur football match over the weekend which has led to three Dutch teenagers being charged with manslaughter . Two 15-year-olds and a 16-year-old -- all Amsterdam club Nieuw Sloten players -- were arrested and charged by Dutch police after the death of a 41-year-old linesman Richard Nieuwenhuizen , who was beaten by players following a match against his club Buitenboys in the city of Almere . Nieuwenhuizen 's son was playing in the match when the incident occurred . "  Two 15-year-olds and a 16-year-old from Amsterdam , under suspicion of seriously assaulting a 41-year-old linesman of the Buitenboys from Almere , will on Thursday appear before a judge at the Almere court , " the prosecutor 's office said . "  The suspects will appear on charges of manslaughter , assault and public violence . " The judge will now decide whether to keep the three youths in detention in Amsterdam . Nieuwenhuizen is the second man to die during an amateur football game following the death of a 77-year-old , who was the victim of a karate kick by a 32-year-old footballer during a game on December 3 2011 . At a press conference , Bernard Fransen , president of KNVB amateur football , said he was "  very shocked " by the tragic incident . "  Amateur football matches will be canceled this weekend and a minute 's silence will be observed during professional football matches , " he told reporters . Nieuwenhuizen 's death has resonated across the globe with FIFA president Sepp Blatter extending his condolences . "  Football is a mirror of society and sadly , the same ills that afflict society -- in this case violence -- also manifest themselves in our game , " said Blatter , according to a statement on fifa.com . "  Nevertheless , I remain convinced that football -- through the example set by the tireless efforts of people like Mr Nieuwenhuizen -- is a force for good , and we must continue to use its positive example to educate people against these wrongs . " On its website Nieuw Sloten said it was "  deeply shocked " by Nieuwenhuizen 's death , adding that it would ban for life the players found to be responsible , as well pulling its team from the league and temporarily suspending all operations as a club . "  Violence should not be on the football fields , " said a statement on the Nieuw Sloten website . "  And certainly not against referees , linesmen and all those others who volunteer each year to help over a million amateur footballers . We must do everything possible to eliminate these excesses . Nieuwenhuizen was pronounced dead at 5.30 p.m. local time on Monday in the hospital of Nieuwegein , according to his club Buitenboys . "  Buitenboys wish the family much strength with this loss , " said the Buitenboys website . "  The Dutch Football Association is deeply shocked . After intervention of the police and the arrival of an ambulance , he was in critical condition and transported to a hospital . There he died Monday afternoon , " reported the website of the Royal Dutch Football Association  KNVB  . The KNVB 's director of amateur football , Anton Binnenmars , added : "  Let me , on behalf of the entire KNVB and all its members , offer my sympathy to the families and friends of the victim . It is outrageous that someone enjoying a hobby can be victim of such aggression . " Despite a population of 17.5 million , Holland has built an outstanding reputation for developing young footballers over the years , with its amateur youth clubs providing a strong breeding ground for the country 's professional clubs . All amateur football has been cancelled this weekend in Holland .	Three Dutch teenagers charged with manslaughter following death of a soccer official Assistant referee Richard Nieuwenhuizen was beaten up by three teen players He had been officiating during an amateur game involving his club Buitenboys The trio were arrested at their Amsterdam home on Sunday , according to reports
CNN  -- Veteran Dutch goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar will retire at the end of this season , according to his Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson . Earlier this month United confirmed the signing of Anders Lindegaard from Aalesunds FK , and Ferguson has now admitted the 26-year-old Dane is likely to replace van der Sar as the English club 's No. 1 next season . "  We are planning for this being Edwin 's last season . But even if he finishes as a player , he might stay at the club because of his knowledge and standing in the game , " Ferguson told reporters on Thursday . Lindegaard has signed a three-and-a-half-year deal for an undisclosed fee and he will be formally registered in the January transfer window . Ferguson added : "  He is training with us now and that is important . It will bring him to a better level of fitness because he has not played for a few weeks . We will see how his progress goes . " Meanwhile , Aston Villa manager Gerard Houllier has confirmed he will decide on the future of veteran American goalkeeper Brad Friedel in February . The 39-year-old Friedel is close to becoming the oldest player to ever appear for the Premier League club , but his contract expires at the end of the season and Houllier has admitted he is looking for a new custodian . "  We are looking at several goalkeepers and we 've told Brad we are looking for a keeper for the future , " the Frenchman told reporters on Thursday . "  If Brad is fine in February , then we will keep him . We 've told him that , if he feels OK . "	Alex Ferguson expects veteran Dutch goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar to retire The 40-year-old is likely to hang up his boots at the end of the current season Manchester United have already signed Danish goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard Aston Villa manager considers future of veteran U.S. goalkeeper Brad Friedel
CNN  -- The trial against members of the so-called Hutaree militia resumes Thursday as the Michigan-based group 's leader David Stone Sr. and his son , Joshua , face weapons charges . The stakes , however , are considerably lower after a federal judge in Detroit on Tuesday dropped the more serious charges of sedition and conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction against the government . The directed verdict cleared several of the original nine defendants of all charges . Federal authorities accused the nine members of the "  Christian warrior " militia of homegrown terrorism . The FBI planted a secret informant and FBI agent in the militia in 2008 to record the activities of the group . The video and audio recordings became the crux of the federal case , including clips of the elder Stone making anti-government statements and remarks about killing police officers . The defendants all faced a maximum sentence of life in prison . But in a trial that began in early February , federal district Judge Victoria Roberts said she did not find that the government 's evidence sufficiently proved that the Hutaree militia had planned a conspiracy against the government . "  The Government 's case is built largely of circumstantial evidence , " Roberts explained Tuesday in her 28-page ruling . "  While this evidence could certainly lead a rational fact finder to conclude that ` something fishy ' was going on , it does not prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Defendants reached a concrete agreement to forcibly oppose the United States Government . " "  Pick a sentence here , pick a sentence there -- the  remarks were  taken out of context , " a defense attorney for one of the cleared militia members said . "  We always said it was a First Amendment and Second Amendment case , and that 's what it ended up being , " added attorney Michael Rataj , whose client , Tina Stone , is the wife of the elder Stone . The charges dismissed Tuesday marked the second anniversary of the arrests of the nine militia members , at least five of whom no longer face charges after Roberts ' ruling . "  We 're pleased . It is , in my opinion , a great day for the Constitution and for the rule of law , " the elder Stone 's defense attorney , William Swor , said . "  We 're grateful that the judge did what she did . " The Hutaree militia members cleared of all charges are Tina Stone , 46 ; David Stone Jr. , 22 , another son of the elder Stone ; Thomas Piatek , 48 ; Michael Meeks , 40 ; and Kristopher Sickles , 29 . Defendant Joshua Clough , 30 , awaits his sentence after pleading guilty to a weapons charge in December . Another defendant , Jacob Ward , 35 , will be tried separately . The remaining charges of weapons possession rest on the elder Stone and his son , Joshua , both of whom have already spent two years in prison . The government claims the two militia members were in possession of unregistered automatic weapons . If convicted , the pair could face a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison . "  I did n't figure we were doing anything wrong -- in the lines of going out there and doing the trainings -- to me it was basically fun , " Tina Stone said Wednesday . "  I 'm worried for my husband and son . I guess I will be able to live my life a little easier once they 're home . " The U.S. attorney 's office in Michigan and the FBI declined to comment on the trial while the case is still under way .	Nine members of the Hutaree militia were arrested in 2010 Federal authorities charged they were conspiring to use weapons of mass destruction This week , a judge dropped the most serious charges A trial resumes Thursday with two of the nine facing weapons charges
CNN  -- George Zimmerman , who was acquitted of murder in the shooting death of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin last month , visited a gun manufacturer Thursday , TMZ reported . The celebrity gossip site TMZ published a picture of Zimmerman smiling and shaking hands with someone it said was an employee of the gunmaker , Kel-Tec . It said Zimmerman asked about the KSG compact 12-gauge shotgun while he was there . Zimmerman 's brother , Robert , confirmed to CNN by text message that is was George in the photo . Kel-Tec is headquartered in Cocoa , Florida . The company manufactures , assembles and repairs its line of weapons , and its facility contains a shooting range but does not sell guns , according to its website . Kel-Tec manufactures the PF-9 , the type of gun Zimmerman used to shoot Martin . A jury acquitted Zimmerman in July of second-degree murder in Martin 's February 2012 death . The neighborhood watch volunteer , now 29 , killed the 17-year-old as he walked to his father 's fiancee 's house through a gated community in Sanford , Florida . Zimmerman had called 911 to report Martin as a suspicious person . He acknowledges killing Martin but says it was in self-defense after the two had a confrontation . His parents said Zimmerman and his family received many death threats after the acquittal . Zimmerman 's defense attorney , Mark O'Mara , described his client as a marked man who wore a disguise and often strapped on body armor when he left home . O'Mara said Zimmerman must now be protective of his safety because of the threats against him . TMZ also reported that O'Mara went to the gun facility with Zimmerman , but O'Mara told CNN he was not there and was in court at the time .	TMZ publishes a photo of George Zimmerman shaking hands with an apparent employee Zimmerman 's brother , Robert , confirmed to CNN that it was George in the photo The site says Zimmerman asked about a compact shotgun while there Zimmerman was acquitted last month of the murder of teenager Trayvon Martin
The Facebook page "  Black Women Do Breastfeed " has existed since 2010 with a modest audience of some 2,000 people who follow it for news and conversations along with the occasional encouraging image of a breast-feeding mother . Over the weekend , the page shared a picture of a woman breast-feeding at her graduation , prompting a chorus of social media cheers and jeers . While much of the reaction has focused on whether the picture is appropriate , the women behind "  Black Women Do Breastfeed " say its message is lost in the social media chatter . "  It 's important for black women to see other black women breast-feeding , " said Nicole Sandiford , who started "  Black Women Do Breastfeed " in 2010 as a blog and Facebook group . "  Seeing other black women breast-feeding provides a sense of broad community and support for those who are trying to do it . " If that sounds weird to you , look no further than a recent post on the Facebook page asking , "  If someone tried to talk you out of breast-feeding , what were their reasons ? " Comments vary from , "  My mom said that 's what poor people did in the old days " to "  You wo n't make enough milk " or "  It 's something that white people do . " That was n't Sandiford 's experience growing up in a black family outside of the United States , where it was n't unusual to see women breast-feed openly in public . She remembers seeing her mother breast-feed her sister and knew that one day she , too , would breast-feed her children . When she turned to the Internet in 2009 for support after her son 's birth , she noticed that most images and personal stories did not include black women . Or , when conversations included black women , they focused on how they breast-feed at lower rates than other racial groups . "  I said to myself , ` Hmm , we seem to be missing from this broader conversation , ' " said Sandiford , a married mother of two in Charlotte , North Carolina . "  But , as I went through my life , I knew black women who were breast-feeding , including me . I thought one thing I can do to broaden the conversation is collect stories of black women who are breast-feeding . " Georgia mother Shlonda Smith also breast-fed her five children , but somewhere along the way , a friend said to her "  you 're the only black women I know who breast-feeds , " remember Smith , who joined "  Black Women Do Breastfeed " as a co-administrator in late 2013 . "  It became important to me to see other black women breast-feed and make it visible that yes , black women do breast-feed , " Smith said . On the Facebook page , links to news articles and studies garnered a few likes here and there , but things took a turn a few weeks ago when Smith posted an image of a woman breast-feeding . More women sent pictures for Smith to post and engagement increased , hitting a high with a split image of a woman breast-feeding alongside a picture of pop star Rihanna in a see-through dress . It included the caption , "  Why is it OK for a star to wear this but for me to breastfeed it 's a problem . " Karlesha Thurman decided to post the photo of herself breast-feeding her child while wearing her graduation cap and gown in the comments of that photo . It immediately got more attention than any other post ever on the page , Smith said , who could relate to being a young mom finishing college . "  It was just beautiful ; it just spoke volumes , " Smith said . "  Breast-feeding is tough at the beginning , so to see a young mom who balanced breast-feeding and school , that 's amazing . " But on social media and in other areas , Thurman saw some backlash . Smith offered to take the photo down , but Thurman refused . "  I found out I was pregnant my last year of college , had my daughter one week into my last semester , she was my motivation to keep going , so me receiving my BA was OUR moment , " Thurman said , according to a post on the page . "  Black Women Do Breastfeed " also received negative comments about its name and its focus on black women . It also received new support -- the audience climbed to more than 7,000 by Wednesday afternoon . Sandiford spoke with CNN about breast-feeding , race and how "  Black Women Do Breastfeed " has grown to accommodate a diverse audience . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : CNN : Why is the group named "  Black Women Do Breastfeed " ? Sandiford : I named it "  Black Women Do Breastfeed " so that people could be aware that there is community of black women who do breast-feed and who are interested in breast-feeding and want to share their experiences . One of the things I used to do when I was looking online for information about breast-feeding is put in search "  black women breast-feed , " and I figured if I named it something like that , it would come up in searches . The name is not there to exclude anyone because from the very start , we 've had women and men of varying races express interest in being on the page , but black women need advocacy in this area as well . That does n't exclude women from joining the advocacy , it just recenters the conversation . In addition to making black women breast-feeding more visible , we 've made women who felt like they were the only ones doing it realize they 're not alone . We made women who may not have previously breast-fed their children see this community of women . There are women in this country who may be the first generation in their family to breast-feed . They may be the only women in their community who breast-feed , and that makes it difficult to find support . CNN : How does sharing pictures of women breast-feeding contribute to this goal ? Sandiford : In the U.S. , even though we do have breast-feeding , it 's not seen as a common thing . It 's not really something you necessarily see walking down the street . For black women who do n't know other women who breast-feed in their community , it is important to see that is happening . CNN : Why do you think this image went viral ? Sandiford : I think people were impressed that this young woman was able to graduate while taking care of a young infant . Because people are not used to seeing breast-feeding in public in this country , we tend to get really nervous or scared or unsure or outright offended because many of us are not used to seeing breasts in that context . But , I think it 's important that photos like this are out there because women need to be able to breast-feed their babies and sometimes it needs to happen in public . Babies need to eat , and they ca n't control other people 's feelings . I think it 's important that people remember this is about feeding a baby , and we as nation need to figure out how to manage our own personal feelings and allow women and babies to breast-feed as they need to . CNN : How have you handled the reaction on your page ? Sandiford : When it comes to social media , you will always see detractors , you will always see people who disagree . But I think it 's good to remember that for each of those detractors , there are more people saying ` We support her , and we do n't see anything wrong with this . ' We 've been very heartened by the positive comments we 've seen , and we 've definitely seen a lot more positive than negative ones . For us , we 've tried not to fan the flames because we do n't want to contribute to any harm that might come , and we certainly hope there is n't any so we 're trying to be a little bit more low-key . We are assessing how we want to manage pictures in the future . We do n't want to discourage anyone who has pictures they want to share from doing so , but right now , our main concern is that women featured in pictures wo n't fear any harm from sharing them . CNN : Do you think the reaction would 've been different if a white woman had appeared in the picture ? Sandiford : It 's really hard for me to say , but I think that maybe certain assumptions might not have been made if the person in the picture was not black because we 've had people questioning her devotion to her studies , questioning her lifestyle and just making slanderous comments . It 's really difficult to say , but I do think the reaction might have been a little different . As a new parent , did you feel encouraged to breastfeed -- or discouraged ? Share your experience in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving with the hashtag #CNNparents or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	A photo of a woman nursing at her college graduation got spread on social media The picture was shared from Facebook group "  Black Women Do Breastfeed " The group 's founder says their images encourage more black women to breast-feed
It used to be a long shot , but now ... is there a word for insanely more unlikely than a long shot ? The Mega Millions jumped to $ 425 million Friday , according to Charles Strutt , executive director of the Multi-State Lottery Association . It rolled over for the 20th time after no winner was picked in Tuesday 's drawing . The beefy payout likely has a Pavlovian effect on regular lottery players , but anyone with a modicum of math proficiency knows he might as well set fire to that $ 1 bill as spend it on a ticket . Your odds of getting all six numbers correct for the second-largest Mega Millions jackpot are about 1 in 259 million , according to the lottery company . You have more than 1,000 times better chance of an asteroid or comet killing you -- and that 's using the long odds , according to Tulane University . Which is to say , astronomical . The latest probability is up from the old odds , which were about 1 in 175 million . Of course , you 'd probably have a hard time telling this to the trio from Illinois , Kansas and Maryland who split the record $ 656 million kitty last year . It 's worth mentioning that you have a one-in-15 chance of winning something , even if it 's just getting your dollar back , while the odds of winning the second-place $ 1 million prize  that is , matching five balls but not the megaball  are about 1 in 18.5 million . Those numbers are hard for the average person to fathom , so maybe it 's easier if we provide you a list of things that are way more likely than collecting a Mega Millions jackpot . From the Harvard School of Public Health : • Chances of dying from a bee sting : 1 in 6.1 million . • Chance you will be die from being struck by lightning : 1 in 3 million . From the University of Maryland Medical Center : • Chance of having conjoined twins : 1 in 200,000 . From U.S. Hole in One , which insures golf prizes for holes in one : • The chance of an amateur golfer making a hole in one on a par-3 hole is about 1 in 12,500 . • The chance of a golfer hitting a hole in one on consecutive par-3 holes : 1 in about 156 million . From a 2011 State Farm study on collisions between vehicles and deer : • The chance of hitting a deer with a vehicle in Hawaii , the state where State Farm says deer-vehicle collisions are least likely , is 1 in 6,267 . From the National Weather Service : • The chance of being struck by lightning over an 80-year lifetime : 1 in 10,000 . From the Florida Museum of Natural History , based on U.S. beach injury statistics in 2000 : • Chance of drowning and other beach-related fatalities : 1 in 2 million . • Chance of being attacked by a shark : 1 in 11.5 million . The Mega Millions jackpot numbers will be drawn at 11 p.m. ET Friday . Good , ahem , luck .	Odds of winning Friday 's Mega Millions jackpot are about 1 in 259 million Tulane University says you have a better shot of being killed by an asteroid $ 425 million is second-highest Mega Millions pot after $ 656 million prize in 2012
CNN  -- Casey Johnson The 30-year-old heiress to the Johnson & Johnson fortune was found dead at a house in Los Angeles on Monday , People magazine reported . Johnson 's death was announced via Twitter by reality star Tila Tequila and confirmed by police , who said she apparently died of natural causes . As an openly gay socialite , Johnson was a favorite of tabloids and paparazzi , People reported . Her purported engagement to Tequila put her on tabloid front pages , as did an alleged fight with an ex-girlfriend that reportedly ended with Johnson 's hair on fire . In November , she was arrested for allegedly breaking into another former girlfriend 's house . Police said the coroner 's office will investigate Johnson 's death and issue a toxicology report . She leaves a toddler daughter , Ava . People : Johnson & Johnson heiress Casey Johnson dies Jordanian double agent The suicide bomber who killed seven CIA officials and a Jordanian military officer last week in Afghanistan was a trusted Jordanian double agent , a former U.S. intelligence official told CNN . The man had been used by both U.S. and Jordanian intelligence services in the past , and had provided information about high-value targets , the senior U.S. official said . The security breach occurred because the bomber was met off-base by U.S. intelligence officials , who failed to search him before they put him in a car and drove him onto Forward Operating Base Chapman , the former intelligence official said . Both the Jordanian and U.S. intelligence services believed the man was loyal , according to the former intelligence official . The New York Times reports that the Pakistani Taliban identified the bomber as Humam Khalil Mohammed and that he was a Jordanian doctor . The Washington Post reports his name as Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi . CNN : Suicide bomber was Jordanian double agent New York Times : Behind bombing , an agent with many loyalties Washington Post : Suicide bomber was trusted informant Carlos Allen Remember that White House state dinner that a Virginia couple , Tareq and Michaele Salahi , allegedly crashed ? Apparently they were n't the only unauthorized guests there . The Secret Service announced Monday that a third person who was n't on the official guest list made it into the dinner by entering with the delegation of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . The Secret Service did n't name the person , but The Washington Post quoted an anonymous congressional source as saying he was Carlos Allen , a Washington party promoter . Allen , the CEO of HUSH Society magazine , has denied he was at the state dinner , but Politico.com reports that Nicole Almodovar , the 2009 Miss Maryland Galaxy , says Allen told her he was there and had a good time . The State Department says this incident is now under investigation . CNN : Secret Service reports third White House party crasher Washington Post : Secret Service confirms third crasher at dinner Politico : Alleged third crasher denies report Amanda Simpson The aerospace and defense industry expert begins a new job today in Washington as senior technical adviser with the Department of Commerce . The Arizona Daily Star reports that Simpson is among the first transgendered people appointed to a position in the Obama administration . Simpson grew up in Chicago as a boy named Mitch and faced taunts while transitioning to female . She has worked for Raytheon Missile Systems and , in 2004 , was honored by the YWCA for her professional accomplishments . A Democrat , she also ran for the Arizona state legislature , but lost the general election . Arizona Daily Star : Equality key for transgender woman Eunice W. Johnson The philanthropist and widow of John H. Johnson , the influential founder of the Johnson Publishing Company , died Sunday at the age of 93 . According to the Chicago Tribune , she not only named Ebony magazine , which her husband published beginning in 1945 , but also created a fashion show -- the Ebony Fashion Fair -- that traveled across the country and internationally for five decades , bringing the creations of top designers to black audiences . Chicago Tribune : Widow of Johnson publishing founder dead at 93 What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Johnson & Johnson heiress found dead at 30 Suicide bomber was Jordanian double agent , former U.S. official says Philanthropist who named Ebony magazine dead at 93
EW.com  -- Now that you 've properly celebrated the beginning of 2014 , it 's likely that you 're in need of some downtime to recover from the night 's festivities . And even if not , there 's no harm in sitting on the couch anyway . Just in case you do plan on joining us sofa-lovers , we 've rounded up the television marathons that will help put your new year on the right track â $ " as well as a few that wo n't . Check out your TV marathon options below : * Note : Final time is when final episode begins ; all listed in ET Happy Endings  VH1 , Starting at 8 p.m. on New Year 's Eve until 12 a.m. on January 2 The Walking Dead  AMC , From New Year 's Eve until January 2 The Tudors  BBC , 10 a.m. through next day Watch What Happens : Live  Bravo , 6 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Rehab Addict  DIY , 7 a.m. through next day Deadly Women  ID , 6 a.m. to 3 p.m. Dance Moms  Lifetime , 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. Best Ink  Oxygen , 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. Beverly Hills Pawn  Reelz , 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. The Twilight Zone  Syfy , 8 a.m. through next day NCIS  USA , 6 a.m. through next day Law & Order  WE , 10 a.m. to 12 a.m. next day Burn Notice  ION , 2 p.m. through next day Home Improvement  Hallmark , 4 p.m. through next day Duck Dynasty  A&E , 7 p.m. through next day Tosh .0  Comedy Central , 6 p.m. through next day Restaurant : Impossible  Food Network , 4 p.m. through next day See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	There are a few shows to binge on New Year 's day Offerings include everything from "  Deadly Women " to "  The Walking Dead " Some of the shows will continue through Thursday
CNN  -- It 's a cliche . After a shooting , reporters rush to find people who can talk about the accused . Almost always , neighbors , colleagues , friends and family shake their heads in disbelief . He was such a nice boy , they 'll say , quiet . We ca n't believe he could have done something like this . Such has not been the case so far with Evan Ebel , 28 , the man suspected of killing Colorado prison chief Tom Clements last week . People who knew Ebel invariably describe him as troubled . He was an ex-con , who spent years in solitary confinement because he was deemed too great a risk to the prison community . He was angry , violent , and seemingly incapable of accepting the sort of help his prominent family and others wanted to give . Ebel was lost . "  From the beginning , his son just seemed to have this bad streak , a streak of cruelty , and anger , " Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper , a longtime friend of Ebel 's father , told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  They did everything they could . They tried . They worked with Evan again and again , but to no avail , " the governor said . "  He had a bad , bad streak . " Gun links Colorado prison chief 's killing to Texas shootout Tendency toward violence Ebel grew up on a quiet street in Lakewood , Colorado , near Denver . He was the son of Jody Mangue and Jack Ebel , an attorney and former oil executive . By all accounts , Ebel came from privilege , but showed signs of trouble from a very early age . "  He just struck me as angry , " said Lakewood neighbor Vicky Bankey . "  I could see him , he 'd be running out on the front lawn to come out to a car with his friends and he would have screaming , obscenity-laced arguments with them sometimes , " she said . As a teenager , Ebel was sent to a boot-camp-type program in Samoa , where according to one person who knew him there , almost everyone avoided him . "  He was quite a scary individual , especially by the end of the time . He had engaged in several fights with other students . One in particular he beat up with a broomstick , " said Kurt Frey , who put Ebel 's age at the camp somewhere between 15 and 17 . "  He 's gone through so many bad things in his life that really , it just did n't surprise me that he ended up being killed in a shootout with police . " Wanting to make ` Hitler jealous ' Ebel was killed Thursday in north Texas after a battle with authorities that left a sheriff 's deputy wounded . He died just two days after Clements was shot to death at his home outside Colorado Springs . Authorities have said the bullets that killed Clements came from a gun that was found with Ebel , who had handwritten directions to the prison chief 's house in his car . Police have also said there is a "  strong connection " between the killings of Clements and that of Nathan Collin Leon , a pizza delivery driver who was found dead in suburban Golden , Colorado . No clear motive has emerged in either case . Investigators , however , have said they are looking into all possible angles , including Ebel 's onetime membership in the 211 Crew -- a white-supremacist prison gang . Clements earned widespread recognition not only for prison reforms but also for a crackdown on gangs . According to Frey , Ebel 's behavior , even as a teenager , suggested he was interested in white supremacy . "  He was very proud of his Sicilian heritage , and he always talked about wanting to kill so many people that he 'd make Hitler jealous , " Frey told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  He really was racist , but at the same time he did hang around with African-Americans at the camp , so it was very contradictory . " ` We know a different person ' A more nuanced picture of Ebel likewise emerges from his mother 's accounts . Mangue writes about her children on a blog she originally started in memory of her 16-year-old daughter , who died in a car accident in 2004 . The site is now also dedicated to the memory of her son . According to Mangue , Ebel 's life took a sharp turn after his sister 's death . "  Evan drifted into a dark period , he was struggling prior , but that event threw him over the edge , they were three years apart . He was the protective big brother and in this case , was unable to protect her , " she wrote . "  His life deteriorated after that and he just became numb and lost his direction altogether , between using drugs and committing crimes , he was soon put in prison for 8 long years . " Mangue and Ebel 's father kept in close contact , sending letters , cards and visiting their son when they could . He got in shape in prison , became an avid reader and an advocate against using substances , she said . Mangue wrote about the bright moments of her son 's childhood . Ebel was a funny boy , full of spunk and energy , she recalled . He was n't afraid of anyone and loved animals . Once , after a sleepover at a friend 's house , he brought home a small gray kitten named Sparkles . The family kept her for 15 years . "  So even though , he is depicted as depraved , evil , we know a different person who was loving , kind , thoughtful , generous and sensitive to many in his family and to his friends , " Mangue wrote . "  As determined the media is in trying to pick apart our son , Evan for a good story , they will never succeed , he is out of their reach . He is not imprisoned anymore , his suffering has ended . " Anger at authority Ebel was released from prison in January , after serving seven years -- three for felony menacing , robbery and assault , another four for assaulting a guard . It was his second stretch in prison , after doing one year of a three-year term for felony armed robbery . According to his mother and Gov. Hickenlooper , Ebel was in solitary confinement for much of his sentence . He was deemed too great a risk to be put with other inmates . Similarly , he spent time in isolation at the boot camp in Samoa . That time was hard for Ebel , Frey said , and it may have made things worse . "  He had a lot of anger towards authority . He never liked being told what to do and his time in isolation really only compacted that , " Frey said . "  Everything was dictated down to the minute , and that really frustrated him . " Ironically , Clements -- the man Ebel is accused of killing -- was a champion of reducing solitary confinement for prisoners . One thing authorities might never know about Ebel is , simply , why ? His alleged actions might not have a clear logic . But they at least appear to have a clear trajectory , said Rev. Leon Kelly , an anti-gang activist in Colorado . "  This kid here , who may have tried to find a sense of identity throughout the course of his life now ... in an evil , senseless way , he 's found it . " CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Casey Wian and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Evan Ebel , 28 , is suspected in the death of Colorado 's prison chief He died during a shootout with Texas authorities Ebel was recently released from prison ; he had a violent and troubled past He "  just seemed to have this bad streak , a streak of cruelty , " says the Colorado governor
CNN  -- The snow-covered mountains tower above the sub-tropical beach , a stunning vista by any standards -- but what sets Sochi apart from other seaside resorts is its sheer scale of concrete and steel . It 's a grand project that Vladimir Putin hopes will transform an ailing region of Russia and make a bold statement of intent , using sport as the fulcrum -- much in the way that China did with its Olympics in 2008 and Qatar hopes to do with soccer 's World Cup in 2020 . At a reported $ 50 billion and rising , Russia 's first Winter Olympics will be the most expensive in history -- topping the eye-watering $ 40 billion Beijing Summer Games . "  I 've heard it 's the world 's largest construction site right now , and I can see that , " says U.S. Olympic Committee official Patrick Sandusky . One of the six new stadiums will be used solely for the opening and closing ceremonies . "  This is quite a national project , not a regional one , " says Sandusky , who was part of a U.S. delegation to Sochi last November . "  You can sense that this is very much on the happening agenda for President Putin and the federal government beyond just the organizing committee and the regional area of Sochi . This is a big project for Russia . " Spiraling costs With a year to go before the 2014 Winter Games , much of the Black Sea city is still a mass of scaffolding . "  The noise of construction is everywhere , " reports CNN 's Phil Black from Sochi , which he describes as "  a rundown Soviet-era resort town crippled by terrible traffic . " Costs have spiraled since Russia was awarded the Games in 2007 , and the stakes are high as the Kremlin makes an ambitious flexing of financial muscle that will also include hosting soccer 's World Cup in 2018 . On Thursday , Putin visited Sochi to see how construction was progressing and unhappy with ballooning costs and that the ski jump facility is two years behind schedule and is still unfinished , reportedly promptly sacked vice-president of Russia 's Olympic Committee Akhmed Bilalov . "  Part of the investment that Russia has made is not only what the world will see in Russia , but also they 're building a winter paradise that they hope to showcase through the Olympic broadcast and attract tourism in the future , " says 2010 Vancouver champion Bill Demong , who competed at a Nordic combined skiing test event in Sochi last weekend . "  They have not only connected to Sochi to the mountains by rail , but also Sochi to the rest of Western Europe . " Vladimir Putin 's spokesman admitted the enormity of the task ahead . "  It 's a huge challenge , especially for President Putin because he uses this Olympics as a good opportunity for boosting the economy and developing this region of Sochi , " Dmitry Peskov told CNN . It is opening up a resort city where temperatures reach 40C in summer , and will be as warm as 10-15C by the sea when the Olympics take place from February 7-23 next year -- with organizers already stockpiling snow due to sporadic falls , Black says . Much of the expense is due to the lack of existing infrastructure at the resort , which is an hour and a half 's flight south-west of Moscow near the border with Georgia and the disputed territory of Abkhazia . Unlike the last Winter Games in Vancouver , which was integrated within the city , Sochi has had to start from scratch -- new roads , rail , hotels , as well as an improved power grid . "  I was impressed with the scale of the project and what they are doing there , " says Sandusky . "  Uniquely it 's a summer resort town in Russia traditionally , not a winter destination , although they have had skiing there a while . The juxtaposition of the Black Sea with the mountains behind is quite stunning in its beauty . " The Olympic events will be split between the mountain resort of Krasnaya Polyana and a purpose-built Olympic Park in the city , connected by a 45-minute high-speed train line . Criticisms As with any major project , there have been problems . Human Rights Watch put out a report the day before the "  year to go " milestone claiming that workers have been exploited by the construction companies . CNN contacted organizers for comment but has not received a response . Last year 's high-profile alpine skiing test event -- the Winter Olympics ' glamor sport -- was marred by criticisms of the course . "  They 're pretty inexperienced there , they never held the World Cup so it was really rough and really hard , " three-time Olympic silver medalist Ivica Kostelic told CNN 's Alpine Edge show . "  We had huge jumps and after three days of training , I went for a slalom combined run and I 'm skiing down and I feel like something popped in my knee like ` crack ' and I did n't feel any pain so I just carried on skiing , but later I found out that my meniscus was broken . " Despite such concerns , most skiers have come out in favor of the venue , designed by former skiing great Bernhard Russi . "  The hill itself is amazing but the way they set the course last year was not ideal , " says U.S. Olympic hopeful Travis Ganong . "  I think they learned a lot from that World Cup and I think they 'll open up the course a little bit and make it more like a downhill . It was very turny and a lot of guys did n't like that . "  They did n't ask for feedback but they heard a lot of it from racers and the coaches , and I think they 're listening , so hopefully we 'll have a more open , faster downhill set for the Olympics . " Ganong says North American skiers might find Sochi more familiar than their European counterparts . "  In the Alps they do n't get the same kind of snow . Sochi has the mountains like you get in the Alps but the snow that you get in the U.S. and Canada -- it 's pretty amazing , " he says . "  The downhill course is very challenging and it demands the best skier in the world to perform on that day to win . I do n't think you 'll see some unknown people doing well , at least in the downhill . It 'll take solid skiing from a very good skier to win . " Sports mad president Winning medals is also among the top goals for Russia 's sports-mad president , who attended a figure skating test event in Sochi in December . "  It was exciting , " says American skater Charlie White , who won the Sochi Grand Prix Final with his dance partner Meryl Davis . "  We had heard reports all week that he was there , not there , so in our five-minute warm-up we heard loud applause and we were able to glance up at the videotron at the top and saw that the video was on him . "  It 's a big deal to be able to perform for such an important figure . It 's great that he cares to come and watch . I ca n't imagine how nervous I 'd be in front of President Obama . " White and Davis won silver at Vancouver , and the 2011 world champions are coached by Russian Marina Zueva . "  A lot of successful coaches here in the States have come out of Russia and what they have been able to create in the past six or seven years has been really impressive , " added White . "  For us it 's exciting because at the Olympics there 's going to be even more buzz . They have had teams who have been able to set a new standard for ice dance , they 've had multiple teams like that . " Collaboration While Russia has a rich pedigree in skating , it is still catching up when it comes to alpine skiing . So much so the Russians have are working with the U.S. -- despite the countries ' long years of Cold War opposition . "  We actually have a partnership with the Russian team where we train with them a little bit and share training space and hill space , " says Ganong . "  Their team is definitely building and gaining momentum . I 'm not sure where they 'll stack up for the Olympics but they 're definitely getting stronger . " The Sochi complex is geared towards spectators , according to Demong , whose Nordic combined event will start and finish at the same stadium -- which will be adapted between the staging of the jumping and cross-country skiing disciplines . "  The cross-country course is fairly short , 2.5 km , and will loop through the jump stadium twice -- about half the course is visible from the stands , " says Demong , adding that a lack of snow was promptly dealt with by event organizers , who had it trucked in . "  It 's a very modern setup , it 's a very competition-oriented venue . It 's going to be great for an Olympic venue and for international event-hosting for years to come . " While Americans flocked across the border to Canada four years ago , numbers traveling to Russia will no doubt be lower -- but the intrigue is building , Demong says . "  I think this will be a new defining moment for , say , the American public who do n't travel here often or never have -- it will be a window into Russia that will define Americans ' perspectives for years to come , " he says . "  I think that perspective has been acknowledged by the organizing committee , and they 're taking it very seriously , not only in the choice of venues but also in what they 're tackling right now -- it 's probably one of the most massive construction projects in history . "	Russia will host the Winter Olympics for the first time next February It will spend more than $ 50 billion on the most expensive Games in history Test events have been held in recent months despite large amount of work to be done U.S. athletes impressed by the facilities in mountain venues and seaside stadiums
CNN  -- Two inmates at New Jersey 's Union County Jail made a movie-style escape Saturday and remained at large Monday , according to Union County Prosecutor Ted Romankow . Otis Blunt , left , and Jose Espinosa escaped from the Union County Jail Saturday night , officials say . Twenty-year-old Jose Espinosa and 32-year-old Otis Blunt , who are considered armed and dangerous , were discovered missing from their cells at about 5:15 p.m. Saturday , Romankow said . The men left behind dummies in their beds , cinder block dust and a note wishing authorities "  Happy Holidays . " Espinosa , who recently pleaded guilty to aggravated manslaughter , was to be sentenced on January 25 and faced a minimum of 17 years in prison . Blunt was being held in lieu of $ 75,000 bond on weapon and robbery charges . Both men were being housed in the high security area of the multilevel jail , Romankow said . Police said Espinosa and Blunt were in adjacent cells and used a long metal wire to scrape away mortar around the cinder block between their cells and the outer wall in Espinosa 's cell . Once the cement block between the cells was removed , they smashed the block and hid the pieces in a footlocker . According to police , Blunt , who is 5 feet 10 inches and weighs 210 pounds , squeezed into Espinosa 's cell through an approximately 16 - to 18-inch hole . The two inmates wiggled through another 18-inch hole in the outer wall . From a roof landing , the two men "  took a running jump or they were standing and they jumped approximately 15 feet out and about 30 feet down , " Romankow said . Then they jumped a razor-wire fence onto a New Jersey transit railroad bed to freedom , police said . Authorities found two sets of footprints in the snow heading in opposite directions . At a news conference Monday , Romankow read the note that was found in Espinosa 's cell , saying it represented the "  arrogance of these two men . " "  Thank you officer -------- for the tools needed , you 're a real pal , Happy Holidays , " the note read , with a smiley face drawn next to it . Authorities are investigating the note 's claims about the guard , the Associated Press reported . The guard has not turned in a report and disciplinary action has not been taken , Romankow said , according to AP . To delay discovery of the escape , Espinosa and Blunt used dummies made of sheets and pillows in their beds . They also hung photographs of bikini-clad women to hide the holes in the walls , a move reminiscent of a scene in the Hollywood hit "  The Shawshank Redemption . " Romankow played down the comparison . "  I think this is a very serious situation you saw , " he said . "  I really prefer not to compare with any movie , although I can understand why you might because it does look certainly very similar to some of them . Except in ` The Shawshank Redemption ' they had a better poster on the wall . " According to police , Blunt tried to escape in September using similar methods . There is an $ 8,000 reward for the men 's capture . Romankow said a statewide hunt is under way , with several agencies involved . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report .	Two inmates broke out of Union County Jail Saturday night , officials say They removed blocks from walls , hiding their work behind pinups of women in bikinis The duo made it over 25-foot fence to escape jail 's top-security area One was awaiting sentence for manslaughter ; the other faced robbery charges
St. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- Cindy McCain praised her husband , Republican presidential nominee John McCain , as "  someone of unusual strength and character " in a speech to the Republican National Convention on Thursday . Cindy McCain speaks at the Republican National Convention on Thursday night . "  You can trust his hand at the wheel , " she said , adding : "  But you know what -- I 've always thought it 's a good idea to have a woman 's hand on the wheel as well . So how about Gov. Sarah Palin ! " Delegates erupted in cheers at the mention of McCain 's running mate , the governor of Alaska . Cindy McCain said her husband 's run for the White House "  is not about us . It 's about our special and exceptional country . " She called Americans the most generous people in history , and said "  our hearts are still alive with hope and belief in our individual ability to make things right if only the federal government would get itself under control and out of our way , " prompting cheers from the delegates . Watch Cindy McCain speak at the convention " Cindy McCain wore jewelled pins reading "  USMC " and "  Navy " and a flag with a star in honor of her two sons in military service , Jimmy and Jack . She introduced a Rwandan genocide survivor she identified only as Ernestine to illustrate the importance of forgiveness , and said John McCain also exemplified the virtue . "  Forgiveness is not just a personal issue : it 's why John led the effort to normalize relations with Vietnam ; to retrieve the remains of our MIAs ; to bring closure to both sides , " she said . "  That 's leadership -- national leadership . And it 's leading by example , " she said . "  This is a good man , a worthy man , I know , " she said . "  I have loved him with all my heart for almost 30 years and I humbly recommend him to you tonight as our nominee for the next president of the United States . " She left the stage to the strains of "  Johnny B. Goode , " which McCain often uses on the campaign trail .	Cindy McCain : America needs someone of unusual strength and character to lead Cindy McCain : "  Someone exactly like my husband " McCain served in Washington without becoming a Washington insider , she says
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The death toll from a plane crash in northwestern Iran has risen to 77 , news agencies in the country reported Monday . Twenty-seven others were injured when the IranAir jet crashed near the city of Orumiyeh , in a snowy and mountainous part of the country , state-run Press TV reported . Bad weather forced the Boeing 727 to give up its first landing attempt . It was circling for a second approach when air-traffic controllers lost contact with the plane , according to an account on Press TV . Investigators have recovered the flight data recorders and plan to analyze them to determine what caused the crash , the news agency said , citing Ahmad Majidi , deputy for crisis management in the Road and Transportation Ministry . The semi-official Fars news agency said the plane went down in farmland after making a second attempt to land . Official Iranian news agencies reported Sunday that the plane carried 105 passengers and crew members , but Press TV reported a toll Monday -- 77 dead and 27 injured -- that suggests 104 passengers and crew were on board . The discrepancy could not immediately be clarified . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran and Azadeh Ansari contributed to this story	The death toll has gone up to 77 , Iranian news agencies reported The plane crashed in a snowy and mountainous part of northwestern Iran Twenty-seven people were hurt , agencies said
CNN Student News  -- September 28 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day How could you use medical information provided in a news report ? Where would you go to get more details on the report ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What U.S. city is home to the headquarters of the United Nations  U.N.  ? * * 2 . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is the leader of what Middle Eastern country ? * * 3 . What country is home to eight of the ten highest mountains on earth ? * * 4 . What event on September 22 marked the first day of fall , when day and night were about the same length ? * * 5 . On September 25 , 1981 , who became the first female justice on the U.S. Supreme Court ? * * 6 . What Jewish holiday is known as the Day of Atonement ? * * 7 . Bobby Fischer , Garry Kasparov and Deep Blue are all known for their achievements in what game ? * * 8 . What professional sports league reached a tentative agreement with its referees , ending a lockout ? * * 9 . Who is the U.N. secretary-general ? * * 10 . In what European capital did strikes and protests shut down public transportation on Wednesday ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- The president of the Libyan Olympic Committee has been kidnapped , the committee said Monday . Ahmad Nabil al-Alam was taken in central Tripoli on Sunday , the organization said . He was followed by two vehicles and then seized by unidentified gunmen around 4 p.m. , the committee said . The identity and motive of the kidnappers were not immediately known . Al-Alam is supposed to head the Libyan delegation in London for the Olympic games , which begin next week . The committee issued a statement saying the "  Libyan sports family " condemns "  this heinous crime . " It described al-Alam as a "  man who greatly contributed to the " revolution that led to strongman Moammar Gadhafi 's ouster last year . Al-Alam "  bore arms to defend its principles until Libya was liberated from the tyranny , " the statement said . The committee called on officials in the interim government and National Transitional Council "  to fulfill their duty in finding out the fate of this man and free him from the kidnappers by taking all necessary measures to achieve that , and to put an end to such irresponsible acts that only mean chaos , an attack on public freedoms and extrajudicial detention . "	Ahmad Nabil al-Alam was kidnapped Sunday in Tripoli , the Libyan Olympic Committee says The identity and motive of the kidnappers are unknown Al-Alam "  greatly contributed " to the fight against the Gadhafi regime , the committee says
CNN  -- It took him a while to get going in Australia but once he did , Lewis Hamilton proved just why he 's the favorite to win the 2014 Formula One world championship . The Briton led a one-two for Mercedes on the first day of the new season , underlining the German marque 's billing as the team who have adjusted best to the sport 's new mechanical regulations . Hamiltion heads into the year 's first race in Melbourne off the back of a productive preseason , but the early signs were less than promising . The 2008 drivers ' champion failed to complete a lap during the first session of practice at Albert Park , but he recovered in the afternoon to lead the timesheets ahead of his teammate Nico Rosberg . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso was third fastest . "  While it was disappointing to not get any track time this morning , these little hiccups are going to happen with the new cars and we 'll have to get used to that , " Hamilton , who 's car had an oil sensor problem early on Friday , told the sport 's official website after a lap of one minute and 29.625 seconds . "  It felt like I was on the back foot from there but then we got up to pace quite quickly in P2 and found the balance relatively fast . "  I feel quite comfortable in the car so overall it 's a positive start but we need to look at the data now and understand where we are . "  We got a nice foundation for the weekend in the second session today so hopefully we can build on that in P3 tomorrow afternoon and then see where we are in qualifying . " Reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel was beset by problems during testing , with the all-conquering Red Bull team struggling to get the best out of its Renault engine . But despite many fearing the worst for the four-time title winner , Vettel was fourth fastest -- over half of a second adrift of Hamilton . "  In a way it 's a relief today , the fact that we were running , we did n't have any problems , the balance was good and the performance looked alright , " said the German . "  In the end Friday times are not worth a lot , but it 's better to be close to the top rather than somewhere towards the back , so I 'm very happy with that . We will do what we can to prepare for tomorrow and Sunday , but let 's see where we are then -- the most important thing is that we finish . " Vettel and co. will be back on the track for qualifying on Saturday , with the first race of the 2014 season taking place on Sunday . Interactive : 10 cars that changed Formula One	Lewis Hamilton sets the pace in practice ahead of the Australian Grand Prix The Mercedes driver failed to complete a lap in the morning session Hamilton 's teammate Nico Rosberg was second fastest in Melbourne The first race of the 2014 Formula One season takes place at Albert Park on Sunday
Hillary Clinton offered her firm backing Thursday of President Barack Obama 's plan to issue an executive action to overhaul the nation 's immigration system . "  I support the President ¹ s decision to begin fixing our broken immigration system and focus finite resources on deporting felons rather than families , " Clinton said in a statement emailed to reporters after Obama finished his prime time address on the topic . "  I was hopeful that the bipartisan bill passed by the Senate in 2013 would spur the House of Representatives to act , but they refused even to advance an alternative . " Clinton went on to argue that although Congress was n't able to "  finish the job by passing permanent bipartisan reform , " she is "  confident that people of good will and good faith can yet find common ground . " Shortly after the speech ended , Clinton sent a tweet with a similar message . "  Thanks to POTUS for taking action on immigration in the face of inaction , " she tweeted . "  Now let 's turn to permanent bipartisan reform . #ImmigrationAction " The fact that Clinton -- the prohibitive favorite for the Democrats ' nomination in 2016 -- sent a paper statement on the issue is in itself telling . Since leaving the State Department in early 2013 , Clinton has rarely issued statements to reporters in favor of using her high profile speeches to address issues in the news . But immigration has been an issue that followed Clinton for much of the last year . After telling NPR earlier this year that she would support looking at deportations for immigrant children coming to the United States , the former Secretary of State 's appearances became frequent venues for immigration protests . "  I think it should be looked at as part of an overall package , " she told NPR in July . In North Carolina and then again a few days later in Maryland , protesters interrupted Clinton 's stump speech to call for her to come out against deportations . "  Choose families over politics , " read one sign in Maryland . The protesters were usually from United We Dream , a pro-immigration reform group . Clinton responded in Maryland by stating that immigration is an "  important issue . " "  If they would have just waited a little while , I was getting to the DREAM Act , " Clinton said . "  I am really proud to be in a state who has opened the doors of opportunity to students who work and study hard regardless of their parents immigration status . "	Clinton issued a statement and tweeted her support of Obama 's immigration announcement Immigration is an issue that has followed Clinton this year in interviews and in protests
A New Zealand police charge of "  attempting to procure murder " against AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd has been dropped , his lawyer said . Rudd , the 60-year-old drummer for the legendary hard rock band , had been accused of trying to have two men killed . But the Crown Solicitor decided there was n't enough evidence to justify it , attorney Paul Mabey said in a statement . "  The charge alleging an attempt to procure murder should never have been laid . The Crown Solicitor 's opinion was not sought . The charge is now withdrawn , within 24 hours of Mr. Rudd 's first appearance in court , " Mabey said . "  Mr. Rudd has suffered unnecessary and extremely damaging publicity as a result of widespread and sensational reporting of a very serious allegation , which on any basis was never justified . " Rudd still faces other charges , including threatening to kill , Mabey said . "  Mr. Rudd will defend the charge of threatening to kill . Charges relating to personal possession of drugs are minor , " he said . Police searched Rudd 's waterfront home in Tauranga on Thursday morning , TVNZ reported . The Australian-born drummer moved to New Zealand in 1983 , after being sacked by the group . He rejoined the band years later . AC/DC is one of the world 's biggest-selling musical acts , and in 2003 was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . The band 's latest album , "  Rock or Bust , " is scheduled for release December 2 . In a statement Thursday , the band said Rudd 's absence would n't affect the album 's release or a tour scheduled for next year . "  We 've only become aware of Phil 's arrest as the news was breaking , " the statement said . "  We have no further comment . " AC/DC 's Malcolm Young leaving band	"  Mr. Rudd has suffered unnecessary and extremely damaging publicity , " lawyer says Prosecutors decide there is n't enough evidence for an "  attempting to procure murder " charge The AC/DC drummer is still charged with drug possession , threatening to kill
Mental Floss  -- Behind every good war are many good women . Using their feminine  and in at least one case masculine  wiles , the following five spies would make James Bond proud . Noor Inayat Khan was posthumously awarded the George Cross for her spy service . 1 . Mata Hari While Margaretha Geertruida Zelle MacLeod  1876 -- 1917  may not have caused World War I , she sure as heck kept it going . Having spent time in Java with her husband , Captain Campbell MacLeod , Margaretha returned to Holland and sued for divorce . To make ends meet she took up exotic dancing and the name Mata Hari  meaning "  the light of day " in Malay  . With her sensual performances becoming the attraction of the major European cities came the men and the gifts for her favors . Many of these favors came from royalty and high-ranking French and German military officers . As World War I progressed , both sides became suspicious that Mata was spying for the other side . The French eventually put her on trial and , although the charges were never proven , Mata Hari was convicted of espionage and was executed by a firing squad on October 15 , 1917 . Playing the seductress up until the end , Mata refused a blindfold , smiled , and blew a kiss to the firing squad as the fatal shots were fired . Mental Floss : When a criminal survives execution 2 . Noor Inayat Khan Khan was born in 1914 and at a young age moved with her family first to England and then to France . In 1940 , Khan , along with her mother and sister , escaped back to England just before France surrendered to Germany . While in England she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force  WAAF  , but her ability to speak fluent French soon caught the attention of the Special Operations group and Khan agreed to become a spy . Khan was flown to Le Mans , where she teamed up with other female spies and traveled to Paris , France . There they joined the French Resistance Prosper Network . Soon after their arrival , the network was infiltrated and many were arrested . Khan was ordered to return to England , but instead she stayed on and continued to pass information on to England . Eventually she was arrested again and interrogated by the Gestapo . When she refused to speak , she was sent to a prison in Germany and then to the Dachau concentration camp . On September 13 , 1944 , Khan and three other female British spies were executed by the Nazi SS . In 1949 , Khan was posthumously awarded the George Cross . 3 . Belle Boyd  aka "  La Belle Rebelle " Born Isabelle Boyd in Martinsburg , Virginia , in 1844 , the beautiful Belle soon became the star attraction in Washington , D.C. , social circles prior to the beginning of the Civil War . With the outbreak of the war , she returned to Martinsburg . When the Union soldiers occupied the city , Belle mixed with the officers and soon gathered information on troop movements , which she passed on to the Confederate forces . However , she is probably best known for warning Stonewall Jackson that the Union intended to blow up all the bridges around Martinsburg . With this information , Jackson , with a small number of troops , was able to surprise the Union troops and drive them from the area . In 1864 , Confederate president Jefferson Davis asked Belle to carry letters for him to England . The Union Navy captured her ship , but the officer in charge fell in love with Belle and let her escape . The officer , Lieutenant Samuel Harding Jr. , after being courtmartialed and discharged from the Navy , traveled to England , where he married Belle . After the war , Boyd toured the United States as an actress under the stage name of La Belle Rebelle . 4 . Elizabeth Van Lew Crazy Bet , as she was known , was born in Richmond , Virginia , in 1818 but educated at a Quaker school in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . After developing a hatred for slavery , Elizabeth returned to Richmond and freed all her family 's slaves . She also went so far as finding where her freed slaves ' relatives were and purchased and freed them also . After the Civil War started , Elizabeth asked to visit Union prisoners being held captive in Richmond . The Union prisoners gave her information , which she then passed on to the North . Among the slaves she freed was Mary Elizabeth Bowser , whom Van Lew got a job as a house servant in the home of Jefferson Davis . This allowed Bowser and Van Lew to collect and pass on information directly from the Confederate president 's mansion . Elizabeth effectively used the Crazy Bet moniker to make the residents of Richmond think she was mentally ill . She would wear old clothes and bonnets and talk to herself . Because of this , most people thought that her Northern sympathies were just a part of her craziness . Mental Floss : Confederacy 's plan to conquer Latin America After the war , President Grant named Elizabeth the postmaster for Richmond . When the citizens of Richmond found out that Crazy Bet was an act , they shunned her . However , at her death , the state of Massachusetts placed a memorial marker on her grave . 5 . Sarah Emma Edmonds  or Was It Frank Thompson ? Born in 1841 in New Brunswick , Canada , Sarah ran away from home in her early teens . In order to survive she became an itinerant Bible salesman , by calling herself Frank Thompson and dressing like a man . In 1861 , Frank  Sarah  enlisted in the Second Michigan Infantry and over the next two years not only fought in a number of Civil War battles , but also served as a spy for the Union Army . Solders in her unit called Frank "  our woman " because of his feminine mannerisms and his extremely small boot size . However , none of her comrades ever figured out that Frank was really Sarah . Mental Floss : Celebrity or look-alike ? This boded well for her spying , where she dressed as a young boy serving in Confederate camps , as an immigrant Irish peddler and , most interestingly , as a woman . In 1863 , Sarah caught malaria and deserted the army out of fear that hospitalization would reveal her true identity . In 1884 , though , Sarah applied for and was awarded a veteran 's pension in which the secretary of war acknowledged that Sarah was a female soldier who had rendered faithful services to the ranks . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Elizabeth Van Lew pretended to be crazy so no one would take her seriously Belle Boyd passed on information to the Confederate forces Sarah Edmonds fought and spied as a man during the Civil War Exotic dancer Mata Hari convicted of espionage and executed by firing squad
CNN  -- South Africa 's World Cup dream is hanging by a thread after Uruguay took a firm grip on Group A with a ruthless 3-0 win over the hosts . Diego Forlan gave the South American side a first half lead after his shot deflected off Aaron Mokoena and into the net . South Africa pushed forward in the second half but their hopes were dashed when Uruguay striker Luis Suarez was brought down in the penalty area by goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune , who was sent off . Forlan converted the resulting penalty past substitute ` keeper Moeneeb Josephs to kill the hosts off and send many South Africa fans heading for the exits . Alvaro Pereira converted a late third as South Africa desperately tried to salvage something from the game . Uruguay go top of Group A with four points from their two games . South Africa have a solitary point after two games , and must beat France in their final game to have any hope of progressing to the knock out stages . The hosts had gone into the game buoyed by their opening day draw with Mexico and riding a wave of emotion after the country enthusiastically embraced the first ever World Cup held on African soil . Group A was delicately poised after all four teams drew their opening game and it was Uruguay who started the more positively , striker Luis Suarez shooting wide after just seven minutes . On 20 minutes Forlan broke the deadlock . Picking the ball up in midfield the Atletico Madrid forward surged towards the edge of the penalty area before unleashing a fierce drive on goal . The ball took a touch off Mokoena and dipped under the crossbar . South Africa struggled to retain possession as Uruguay pushed forward but the game reached the interval with no further scoring . The hosts played with more urgency after the break but could n't unearth a chance before the game 's decisive passage of play . On 75 minutes Suarez picked up a loose ball in the area before being clipped by Khune 's leg . The referee pointed to the penalty spot and showed the goalkeeper a straight red card . Forlan slotted the penalty into the roof of the net to take the stuffing out of South Africa and as coach Carlos Alberto Parreira 's ten men edged forward in search of a goal Uruguay killed them off . Suarez collected Forlan 's long pass before crossing for Pereira to bundle the ball home and put the game beyond doubt , right on the final whistle . Group A 's other teams -- France and Mexico -- play on Thursday night in Polokwane . South Africa 's final game is against France on Tuesday .	World Cup hosts South Africa are beaten 3-0 by Uruguay South Africa 's defeat means they are all but out of the tournament Diego Forlan scored two goals for Uruguay Hosts must beat France in their last game and hope other result goes in their favor
Washington  CNN  -- Pulitzer Prize-winning presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin notes each inauguration is moving in its own way , but only a few produce moments that are truly memorable . "  It depends upon the person and the occasion to really produce a historic inaugural speech , " Goodwin said . "  But the ceremony itself ... is a real tribute to the country , that a person who was the president can go out and become a private citizen  while  a new private citizen is becoming the president . " "  It 's peaceful , " she says , and "  that 's an extraordinary thing in the history of our world . " Here are 10 inaugural moments that Goodwin says have stood the test of time : 2009 : Obama makes history There was a magic to the inaugural day for President Barack Obama . ...  It was  as if the whole history of our country was coming full circle -- the ending of slavery and now the first African-American president . So the crowds were reveling in that spirit -- 1.8 million  people  , more than had ever been there before . The great reset : Will Obama 's second inauguration let America turn the page ? Just the idea that we had come this far as a nation . There was a sense of unity and a sense of pride , I think , in our country that this was finally happening . 1981 : Reagan 's optimistic first inaugural speech What was so impressive about Ronald Reagan 's inaugural speech , I think , was the optimism that it suggested after a period when America was feeling like we might have been in decline . Even though he had the exact opposite message as Franklin Roosevelt , where he was talking about government as the problem rather than the solution , both Reagan and FDR shared that American sense that we can do things . Inauguration viewer 's guide In a certain sense , the optimism of the speech was symbolized by  Reagan 's  transferring the inaugural to the West Front of the Capitol , which made a much grander spectacle . More people could watch it , so it was a big occasion . 1977 : Carter 's long walk Jimmy Carter made the decision evidently just three weeks before the inauguration that he would walk after his inauguration back to the White House . And it really was an extraordinary moment . ... There was a feeling with Carter that he was being a people 's president , as opposed to the imperial guard that had surrounded Nixon . And so he 's walking ,  and first daughter  Amy is running around next to him . There 's a sense of exuberance , and a sense that something special is happening . Why Sunday ? Obama 's dual inauguration ceremonies honor tradition and law 1961 : JFK 's stirring address What is so memorable about John F. Kennedy saying that the torch is being passed to a new generation is that he himself represented a new generation .  He was  22 years younger than Dwight Eisenhower , and what the speech promised was action , movement ,  and  a new energy coming into the government and into the country . When we think of those famous words -- "  Ask not what your country can do for you , but what you can do for the country " -- it was followed up by thousands of people wanting to join the Peace Corps , and the Civil Rights movement was already out there . There was a sense of working on poverty , so the words projected action , and that 's what makes them memorable . iReport : I hope Obama will ... What always strikes me about JFK 's inaugural  address  , however , is that he said in the course of it ... that all this would not be accomplished in 1,000 days , meaning the programs that he had outlined . Originally in the draft of it , he had said all of this would not be accomplished in 100 days , but he slashed it out because he did not want to be compared to FDR 's 100 days . But little would he ever imagine that 1,000 days would mark the end of his life , and that that would be his presidency . 1945 : FDR 's abbreviated wartime ceremony Roosevelt decided in 1945 , when the war was still ongoing , to dispense with the traditional parade . Who is there to parade , he said , and so he made it a very simple ceremony  at the White House  . Atlanta pastor , Evers ' widow named to speak at inauguration He himself was suffering from heart failure at that time , so it was a five-minute speech and he needed to fortify himself with whiskey in order to get through the pain that he was feeling . So sadly , the physical state of FDR matched the mood at that time . 1933 : FDR 's dramatic first inaugural speech We all remember the phrase "  the only thing we have to fear is fear itself , " but even more important than the phrase was the attitude that FDR had . He projected optimism , he projected forward movement , and people felt -- that 's the mystery of leadership -- that somehow the  Great  Depression they were suffering  through  , they were n't going to be in it alone anymore . ... They had a leader who was going to take care of it . Hoover , however , was very upset during the transition about what FDR did not do . He was hoping some action would be taking place while he was still president , but FDR wanted to wait  and  have a clean slate while he was president . ... Hoover was very angry about that , and there was lots of tension between the two . 1905 : TR 's eclectic parade What 's interesting about Theodore Roosevelt 's inaugural parade is that it symbolized the many-sided character that TR was . So there you have Harvard alums marching side by side with Indians , marching side by side with cowboys , with Rough Riders . ... And Chief Geronimo was there . There was a sense in which TR had so many interests . There were different sides of him , and the parade symbolized that . It just seemed like this incredibly eclectic parade . Ryan : ` my obligation ' to attend the inauguration 1865 : Lincoln strives to unite North and South What 's so extraordinary about Abraham Lincoln 's second inaugural is that here the North is finally on the eve of winning this long Civil War , but no triumphal message does he deliver . ... He talks about the fact that the sin of slavery was shared by both sides . Both sides read the same Bible . Both prayed to same God . Of course the words we remember -- with malice toward none and charity for all . Lincoln knew that inaugural spoke words that would be remembered . He was n't as sure about some of his other speeches , but he knew that . A-listers sign up for inaugural celebrations When he went into the party after the inaugural , the one person who he wanted to know and get his approval from was Frederick Douglas , the abolitionist . And Douglas came over to him and said , ` Mr. President , it 's a sacred effort . ' 1841 : The tragedy of William Henry Harrison It 's so sad that what we remember William Henry Harrison for is not  his  military service before the presidency , but the fact that he gave the longest inaugural  speech  and had the shortest presidency . He insisted on not wearing a coat  during the ceremony  . It was freezing out , he developed pneumonia , and he died . That is the memory of William Henry Harrison . I 'm sure it 's not the way he would hope to be remembered . They finally learned from Harrison 's inaugural . ... When it was freezing weather during Ronald Reagan 's  second  inaugural they moved it inside and canceled the parade . It 's one of the dangers of having these inaugurations in January or even in March in the old days . 1789 : Washington sets the tone The thing that 's so interesting  about  Washington 's inaugural is that it set so many precedents . Even in that week before his inaugural , they were debating what to call him . Some people like John Adams wanted the president to be called his Mightiness or his Highness . Thomas Jefferson said , ` No , it must simply be "  Mr. President . " ' Adams said , ` That 's nothing . He could be president of a garden club . It wo n't be dignified for the world at large . ' But of course  Washington  becomes Mr. President . Everything was setting a pattern . It was an extraordinary moment . Share your inauguration photos on iReport	2009 : "  It was  as if the whole history of our country was coming full circle " FDR and Reagan disagreed on the role of government , but believed America could do great things JFK 's address promised action and a new energy in Washington Lincoln : "  With malice toward none and charity toward all "
CNN  Gov. Mike Pence unleashed a firestorm on Indiana last week when he signed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act . Critics of the law contend it could be used by individuals and businesses to discriminate -- particularly against the LGBT community of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender individuals -- on the basis of religion . The ramifications for the Hoosier State are just starting to be felt in the form of boycotts , petitions and travel bans . As the controversy mushrooms , here 's what got us to where we are . And where things are headed . Last week , Pence put his signature on the RFRA -- a law that allows Indiana businesses to cite their religious freedom as a legal defense . The law states that the government ca n't "  substantially burden a person 's exercise of religion " and that individuals who feel like their religious beliefs have been or could be "  substantially burdened " can lean on this law to fend off lawsuits . In an opinion piece in The Wall Street Journal , Pence says the RFRA "  ensures that Indiana law will respect religious freedom and apply the highest level of scrutiny to any state or local governmental action that infringes on people 's religious liberty . " Pence notes that there is no reference to sexual orientation in the law . Civil liberties and gay rights groups hold to their stance that the law could be used by businesses to deny service to people based on their sexual orientation and justify that discrimination based on their religious belief . "  Silence is consent ! " tweets Laurel Davilia , a commentator on Brass Knuckles Progressives Radio . From sports teams to musicians to other cities and states , they fell like dominoes . The NCAA , which is headquartered in Indianapolis and set to host its men 's basketball Final Four in the city this week , said the law could lead it to move events elsewhere in future years . The NBA , WNBA and NFL issued critical statements too . Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay says fans of all stripes are welcome . "  The Colts have always embraced inclusiveness , tolerance , and a diverse fan base , " Irsay tweets . "  We welcome ALL fans to Colts Nation . ONE FAMILY ! " A petition posted on change.org hopes to get the Big Ten Conference to move its football championship out of Indianapolis . "  I think that Indiana needs to be told that it must respect all persons regardless of sex , age , religion , gender identity , or sexual orientation , " Sean Burke of Madison , Wisconsin , says in the petition . "  As a football fan , I think we can send a message by calling on the NCAA and Big Ten Conference to take a stand . " Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis is scheduled to host the league 's championship game through the 2021 season . At last check , the petition had more than 11,000 supporters . The mayors of San Francisco and Seattle have barred spending on travel to Indiana . The governors of Connecticut and Washington state did the same thing . And you can add Wilco to the boycott bandwagon . The group is canceling its May 7 show in Indianapolis , it says on Facebook . "  The ` Indiana Religious Freedom Restoration Act ' feels like thinly disguised legal discrimination to us , " Wilco says . "  Hope to get back to the Hoosier State someday soon , when this odious measure is repealed . " Cher is among the artists speaking out . Her son Chaz Bono is a transgender man . " #GOVPENCE IS ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF RIGHT WING RACISM , ASAULT ON WOMANS RIGHTS & HATRED OF LGBT AMERICANS , " she tweets . Indiana 's top two state lawmakers pledged Monday to amend the state 's controversial "  religious freedom " law to clarify that it can not be used to discriminate against gay people . "  This law does not discriminate , and it will not be allowed to do so , " David Long , the Indiana Senate president pro tem , said during a news conference with state House Speaker Brian Bosma . Pence had said earlier that he was working with lawmakers to clarify the law . Critics still were n't on board with the anti-discrimination claims . Opponents of RFRA marched around the state capitol . Someone even created a satire ad : "  Indiana . It 's a great place to be a bigot . " . The rhetoric has reached such a fever pitch that a front page editorial in Tuesday 's edition of the Indianapolis Star blares the headline : "  Fix . This . Now . " The editorial suggests the RFRA and protections for gays and lesbians can co-exist . The state is at a crossroads it says . "  N  o matter its original intent  the law  already has done enormous harm to our state and potentially our economic future , " according to the editorial . "  Only bold action -- action that sends an unmistakable message to the world that our state will not tolerate discrimination against any of its citizens -- will be enough to reverse the damage . " The editorial closes with : "  Governor , Indiana is in a state of crisis . It is worse than you seem to understand . "  You must act with courage and wisdom . You must lead us forward now . You must ensure that all Hoosiers have strong protections against discrimination . "  The laws can co-exist . And so can we . " Some of the GOP 's top figures are backing Pence despite the controversy . Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio have voiced their support . Both are considered likely Republican candidates for the White House . Sen. Ted Cruz , who announced his candidacy last week , is also on board . "  I 'm proud to stand with Gov. @mike_pence for religious liberty , and I urge Americans to do the same , " Cruz tweets . Indiana is the 20th state to adopt a "  religious freedom restoration " law , most of which are modeled after the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , which President Bill Clinton signed into law in 1993 . But that law passed with the backing of a broad-based coalition and was n't set against the backdrop of gay rights or the wave of marriage equality laws that have swept the country in recent years . Adam Talbot , a spokesman with the Human Rights Campaign , a gay rights group , stresses that those 20 laws are "  dramatically different in their scope and effect . " "  Calling them similar in this way risks being misleading . Indiana is the broadest and most dangerous law of its kind in the country , " Talbot says . Arkansas ' legislature passed an Indiana-style law on Friday , which now heads to the state 's governor for approval . Despite the controversy , the Indiana governor says concerns that his state 's new "  religious freedom " law will allow businesses to turn away LGBT customers is the result of a "  tremendous amount of misinformation and misunderstanding . " Still , he was hard pressed to explain why that was n't the case . Given a chance on Sunday to add some clarity , Pence refused to answer at least six yes-or-no questions from ABC 's George Stephanopoulos about whether the measure legalizes discrimination against gays and lesbians . Jeremy Diamond and Eric Bradner contributed to this report .	Indiana is under fire for the Religious Freedom Restoration Act Critics say it discriminates against the LGBT community
The wife of powerful Mexican drug kingpin Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman has given birth to twins in a Los Angeles hospital and returned to Mexico , according to a senior U.S. government official . The source asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue . Guzman is wanted by U.S. authorities for leading an operation that has allegedly trafficked hundreds of tons of cocaine into the U.S. over a 20-year period . For his efforts , his cartel has received several billion dollars , according to U.S. anti-drug officials . The Justice Department has issued a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture . Guzman , who is believed to be 54 , married 22-year-old beauty queen Emma Coronel in 2007 , officials say . Coronel carries both U.S. and Mexican citizenship and apparently violated no U.S. laws in traveling to California to give birth , the U.S. official said . The source says officials were aware of Coronel 's travels and the August 15 births but kept it secret until a Los Angeles Times story this week reported the news . Copies of the twin girls ' birth certificates leave blank the space for "  name of father , " but the mother 's name is listed as Emma Modesta Coronel , who was born in California on July 2 , 1989 , according to records with the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health . The twin girls were born August 15 in Antelope Valley Hospital in Lancaster , California , according to the records .	Birth certificates for twin girls leave blank the name of father Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman 's wife has twins in Los Angeles Guzman 's operation is accused of trafficking tons of cocaine into U.S. Wife Emma Coronel has joint U.S. , Mexican citizenship
Cartagena , Colombia  CNN  -- Cartagena , the historic jewel of Colombia 's Caribbean coast , is a secret that 's getting out . The city 's spectacular setting is a draw in itself . Protected by ancient stone walls that enclose its vibrant port , Cartagena is almost entirely surrounded by the Caribbean Sea . Pink , yellow and purple buildings line the cobblestone streets of the old city , faded after centuries under the powerful sun . Billowing flower boxes droop over balconies , drawing the eye up Spanish colonial facades . Painted doors of all shapes and sizes open onto lush courtyards or mysterious wine cellars . Behind many doors visitors will find first-class dining and some of the most interesting boutique shopping in the Caribbean . Between January and August 2010 , more than 111,000 international visitors came to Colombia , up 9 % from the year before , according to Colombian immigration authorities . Of those visitors , 11 % made Cartagena their primary destination . Historically , Colombia 's struggles with crime have scared away tourists . But violence associated with Colombia 's infamous drug trafficking is steadily declining , and Cartagena continues to be one of the safest cities in Colombia . Another darker side of history dates back much further : the Spanish Inquisition . Cartagena was a vital seaport for Spain after colonists founded the city in 1533 , and the coastal city remained under Spanish rule for more than 275 years . In 1610 , a tribunal was established in Cartagena as part of the effort to preserve Catholic orthodoxy in Spain and its kingdoms . The Palacio de la Inquisicion , in the middle of the old city , is not for the faint of heart . Guides will  sometimes gleefully  take visitors through every instrument of torture used against those the Catholic Church deemed heretics . Note : Smiling for photos may feel awkward . Escape the grim scene onto one of Cartagena 's grand public squares and you 'll find locals singing and selling paintings , CDs , hats and whatever else there is to offer while the old timers look on from benches surrounding the square . Take a walk on the 16th-century walls of the old city . From there , the sea stretches as far as the eye can see . Near the walls , mopeds and buses scurry in and out of the city . The buses are apt to screech to a sudden halt before their stops and pick up again without warning . Riders should try to anticipate the driver 's next move , as hopping off at speeds of 10 mph or more seems routine . Getting around can be both alarming and comical . Relax and quench your thirst with some of the most coveted and exotic fruit juices in the world , like guanabana , lulo and nispero . The guanabana with a hint of milk added is a frothy delight . Everywhere you look in town there are fruit stands with tiny windows for taking juice orders . Behind them old ladies use every tool at their disposal to whack and whomp the fruit until the juices pour over the white plastic cups handed out to patrons . One lime-aid guy 's reputation as the best in town is confirmed by the lines that form down the street when his cart appears . He works quickly , making a delicious drink out of the most basic of recipes : hand-chopped ice , fresh limes and sugar . If you want to explore beyond the city walls , arrange a boat ride at the harbor and watch the old city merge into the new as you pull away from the dock . Modern glass towers occupy a thin stretch of peninsula called Bocagrande . They appear to be built from the sea up to the sky and provide a sharp contrast to the adjacent old city . An hour 's boat ride will get you to the Rosario Islands . The local beaches in Cartagena are somewhat grimy and tourists often opt for a daytime excursion . Lay out on a sunbed overlooking the sea and snooze to the sound of the waves softly crashing on the beach . For a more active afternoon , try scuba diving and snorkeling offshore . Spend the rest of the day noshing on fresh seafood and fruit . Boat back into town to dry off and watch the sunset at the CafÃ © del Mar. . It 's a hot spot that attracts tourists and locals and rests on top of the stone walls that surround the city . Enjoy a michelada  a local favorite of beer with lime juice in a salt rimmed glass  and watch the sunset over the Caribbean . Once the sun goes down , the cafÃ © heats up with go-go dancers whose silhouettes are framed against the dark sea by smoke machines and laser lights . Stroll down into the city through plazas shadowed by cathedrals and peppered with restaurants . Travelers on a budget can find yummy eats at the more casual restaurants with seating spilling out onto the plazas . Sit outside and you may have a front row seat to an impromptu musical performance . You 'll need a reservation at La Vitrola , one of Cartagena 's most famous restaurants . Occasionally a bodyguard of a distinguished political patron will be waiting outside , leaving the regular diner to wonder who might be sitting at the next table .  It 's common for these politicos to have security and the average traveler need n't take this as a sign that their safety will be compromised . A Cuban band plays into the night as guests dine on local and Cuban-inspired cuisine . Renowned Colombian-born author Gabriel Garcia Marquez is known to dine at La Vitrola frequently and as a sign of Cartagena 's growing foodie reputation , just last month Tripadvisor listed Cartagena as one of the top wine and food destinations of Central and South America . The evening can go anywhere from here . The dance clubs are just starting to buzz and there is music pouring into the streets from the balconies and doors . Everyone dances here . It 's a form of courtship and communication between the sexes . Movement and color , swirling skirts and libation ; the old city is alive and pulsing . One you 're ready to hang up your shoes you can catch a horse-drawn carriage back to your hotel . A delightful way to end the evening , but wait ! Your entertainment may not be over yet . Roaming mariachis may run alongside your carriage and hop on , hoping to serenade you all the way to your hotel  in exchange for a few coins  . Some have memorized tunes they consider to be distinctly American . You have n't fully experienced Cartagena until you 've had a mariachi sprint alongside and jump on your carriage belting out "  Hotel California " at 4 a.m. , refusing to surrender until you 've heard the whole song .	Colombia is steadily drawing more international visitors Cartagena offers a sophisticated Caribbean experience Bright colors , music and dancing pump up the lively atmosphere
CNN has learned the White House wanted Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to wait until this week to resign , so it would have a new nominee in place by then . But Hagel refused to wait , deciding if the White House was going to push him out , he wanted to make his resignation known as quickly as possible . Hagel resigned a full week earlier on Nov. 24 . A source very close to Hagel and the resignation process detailed that decision to CNN . "  Once the secretary saw that he would have to go , he wanted to move quickly , " the source said . After months of frustration with the White House , Hagel wanted to "  at least control his departure . " A second source highly familiar with the resignation of Hagel , and the search for a new nominee , tells CNN that in the days before he resigned , Hagel consulted both Republican and Democratic former senators about whether there was a way for him to stay on the job , and concluded there was not . GOP Sen. John McCain told News Talk 550 radio in Arizona on the day Hagel resigned that the defense secretary had recently visited him and expressed his displeasure with the White House . "  I know Chuck was frustrated with aspects of the administration 's national security policy and decision making process , " McCain had said . "  His predecessors have spoken about the excessive micro-management they faced from the White House and how that made it more difficult to do their jobs successfully . McCain added : "  Chuck 's situation was no different . " Behind the scenes one close Hagel advisor is former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Colin Powell . It is not clear how closely the two men talked about this issue . Officials have characterized the decision to replace Hagel as mutual between the President and the secretary . A senior US official not in the Pentagon says the White House had become increasingly disenchanted with Hagel , feeling he was not clearly articulating White House strategy and Hagel had become frustrated . Hagel 's determination to resign on his own timing , began a series of events that has left the White House scrambling to find a nominee . Often , a replacement is announced at the same time a resignation is made public . Both sources tell CNN that the supposed front runner , Michele Flournoy , was not a fully vetted and selected candidate by the time Hagel resigned , and that she pulled her name after talks with the White House . Several people familiar with Flournoy 's thinking say she decided to withdraw her name in part out of concern over dealing with White House micromanagement . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson , the second source says , was essentially put on the White House 's so called short list after Flournoy withdrew to make it look like there were high-level candidates under consideration . But several sources tell CNN that Johnson quickly made it clear he did n't want to go through another confirmation hearing and was reluctant to leave DHS after less than a year on the job . Democratic Sens. Jack Reed of Rhode Island and Carl Levin of Michigan also said they did not want the job . That essentially left Ash Carter as the last candidate under serious consideration . But even on Tuesday , as the final touches were putting on the White House plans to announce Carter , still another administration official said the White House was going back one more time to see if there were other possible higher profile candidates . Carter is deeply respected inside the defense establishment , and has a long track record serving in a number of Pentagon jobs , but he is not likely to bring significant change to the Pentagon . Nearly one dozen Pentagon officials CNN has spoken to say they doubt this White House really wants a secretary of defense who will offer significant new ideas .	Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel refused to wait for his replacement before announcing his resignation The White House had hoped he would hold off until this week Hagel 's frustrations with micromanagement led to his early departure
CNN  -- Wondering where to get your next adrenaline fix ? We 've rounded up the most exciting theme park openings taking place within the next two years . Aquatica , San Diego Opening date : June 2013 Highlight : Tassie 's Twister -- a 75-foot water slide followed by a six-story funnel . SeaWorld 's Aquatica water park opened this summer . In addition to the heart-jumping water rides , there are various animal habitats : the lazy river snakes through a flamingo enclosure and the wave pool borders a freshwater turtle habitat . Converting this neglected corner of San Diego into a tropical paradise was no mean feat . The white sand used to create the 43,000-square-foot artificial beach was shipped in from the coast and thousands of trees and shrubs were also planted . Springfield , Orlando Opening date : Summer 2013 Highlight : delicious Krusty burgers Visitors to this Simpsons-themed amusement park , located within the Universal Studios theme park , will be able to stock up on basics at Apu Nahasapeemapetilon 's Kwik-E-Mart , relax with a refreshing pint of Duff beer at Moe 's Tavern and chow on a Krusty burger . The last two activities are best avoided before a spin on Kang and Kodo 's Twirl n ' Hurl , which promises to take "  foolish humans on an intergalactic spin designed to send them into orbit . " Wet n ' Wild Sydney , Australia Opening date : December 2013 Highlight : rainbow-hued , eight-lane , speed-racer slide Wet n ' Wild Sydney will feature one of the world 's largest wave pools , the only wave machine capable of producing a 10-foot barrel wave , the world 's tallest water coaster and a water slide with eight lanes . This water park will be the largest in the world , and will join forces with Australia 's Surf Life Saving New South Wales organization . The color scheme of one of the rides is based on the colors used on the NSW surf lifesaving cap . Marvel City Theme Park , Dubai Opening date : December 2013 Highlight : educational exhibitions -- ideal for anyone who 's ever wondered how strong Spidey 's web really is . Calling all geeks ! The guys behind Marvel City Theme Park have made the most of the space on offer  it 's an indoor theme park  by relying heavily on projections and 3D effects . However , there will also be plenty of white-knuckle rides along with various educational exhibitions that explain the real-life scientific principles behind superhero life . Amazone Cartoon Network theme park , Bang Saray , Thailand Opening date : late 2013 Highlight : vertigo-inducing speed-racing slides Amazone will be Cartoon Network 's first water park , with rides inspired by the channel 's most popular characters , including Ben 10 , The Powerpuff Girls , Johnny and Johnny Bravo . Younger visitors can play on what will be the world 's largest interactive play fortress , while elsewhere there 'll be a lazy river , speed-racing slides and an enormous wave pool . IMG Worlds of Adventure , Dubai Opening date : early 2014 Highlight : Marvel Zone , where visitors can meet their favorite fictional heroes , including Iron Man and Spider-Man There will be roller coasters , a 12-screen cinema and four themed zones at IMG Worlds of Adventure , the world 's largest indoor theme park , covering 1.5 million square feet . Developers have predicted that 20,000 people will visit every day . Jurassic Dream , Daqing Dream City , China Opening date : mid-2014 Highlight : brachiosaurus-themed half-pipe ride Jurassic Dream will become one of the world 's largest indoor theme parks when it opens in 2014 . Highlights will include an enormous , walk-through attraction where visitors will be confronted by animatronic dinosaurs , a fire and water show based on Chinese mythology and dinosaur-themed thrill rides . Dubai Adventure Studios , Dubai Opening date : late 2014 Highlight : high-tech rides . The team behind the park claim several will be unique , next-generation rides that wo n't exist anywhere else in the world . Dubai Adventure Studios will be a movie-themed park that will also host various film premieres . Details are hard to come by but the park , which will cost over $ 598 million to build , will comprise five zones and cover 8 million square feet . The Wizarding World of Harry Potter , Osaka , Japan Opening date : late 2014 Highlight : Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey will be one of the park 's scarier rides . Japanese muggles love Harry Potter and the country is going all out to promote this new park -- earlier this year a train on Japan 's JR Sakurajima line was given a Harry Potter-themed makeover . The park will cost $ 482 million to build and feature replicas of Hogwarts and Hogsmeade Village . Paramount theme park , Murcia , Spain Opening date : mid-2015 Highlight : Paramount Live ! An all-singing , all-dancing tribute to Paramount 's greatest musicals . Murcia was chosen as the location for this theme park because of its sunny climate -- on average the area gets 300 days of sun a year . The park , which will be divided into different zones , will contain several hotels , shopping malls , an auditorium and convention center . Other highlights will include a 4D Mission Impossible ride and an attraction inspired by spaghetti Westerns . Visitors will be tasked with restoring law and order to a fictional city and kicking out the bad guys . Adventure World , Warsaw , Poland Opening date : August 2015 Highlight : Castle Island , where you 'll be able to ride on a wizard 's broomstick , meet Merlin and fight fire-breathing dragons . There will be five zones at Warsaw 's Adventure World theme park , along with a water park  Poland 's largest  , several hotels , restaurants and nightclubs . There will be a huge , bazaar-themed shopping area and a 5D  ?!  cinema in the Lost Valley area . The Old Town brings to life various creatures from Polish folklore , and the Legends area , which has a Mayan theme , is where visitors will find the white knuckle rides .	Wet n ' Wild Sydney will feature the only wave machine producing 10-foot barrel wave Dubai Adventure Studios says its high-tech rides wo n't exist anywhere else Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Japan to feature replicas of Hogwarts and Hogsmeade Village World 's largest interactive play fortress planned for Amazone Cartoon Network , Thailand
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- The release of a secretly recorded tape of Mitt Romney speaking to campaign donors highlights a risk facing the Republican Party -- of becoming perceived as the party of mean . After a vicious assault from Democrats that portrayed Romney as a vulture capitalist who cared little about saving middle-class jobs , his remarks to a group of campaign donors about the 47 % of Americans who do n't pay taxes being dependent on government handouts only intensified the perception that he represents a party that is uninterested in protecting average Americans . A New York Times editorial characterized Romney as a "  class warrior " seeking to "  protect the rich by turning the working poor and middle class into the enemy . " Romney 's problem is one that Republicans have been struggling with more broadly for years . Many in the party have forgotten an essential element of Ronald Reagan 's legacy : his insistence that conservatism had to be packaged as a positive force , as an argument about how to expand the global rights of individuals and make all American families more secure . He was determined to appeal to middle - and working-class Americans who were not satisfied with the Democrats . Opinion : The true difference between Obama , Romney Reagan was acutely aware of the need to present this kind of argument for conservatism , because he had vivid memories of the 1964 presidential campaign , when Republican Sen. Barry Goldwater was devastated by Lyndon Johnson 's attacks on him as a radical extremist . On the campaign trail and in the White House , Ronald Reagan was always conscious of articulating a vision of conservatism that offered more than just an agenda of gutting social programs or only protecting the "  national interest " through brute force . On foreign policy , Reagan spoke of a tough anti-communism that would protect the rights of those who lived under Soviet totalitarianism . He embraced the rhetoric of neoconservatism by championing a strong stand against the Soviet Union as a way to protect democracy around the world . He drew on the language that conservatives had used since the 1940s , focusing on the need to free oppressed people in places like Eastern Europe . Reagan also talked about the quest for abolishing nuclear arms , a cause that he had supported for much of his adult life . He emphasized "  peace through strength " as a reason to resist what he considered reckless arms negotiations and building up America 's defense arsenal so the United States could win the concessions that would be needed from the Soviets to draw down nuclear weapons . As Reagan said in his stirring , impromptu 1976 speech at the Republican convention , telling the delegates what people would be thinking a hundred years from then if they read a letter he put into a time capsule , "  Will they look back with appreciation and say , ` Thank God for those people in 1976 who headed off that loss of freedom , and kept us now 100 years later free , who kept our world from nuclear destruction ? " Reagan employed the same kind of rhetoric on domestic policy . His principal economic policy , supply-side economics , focused on cutting taxes on the wealthy with the promise that it would stimulate economic growth for everyone and bring more revenue into the federal government without raising taxes . "  This administration 's objective , " Reagan said in his inaugural address , "  will be a healthy , vigorous , growing economy that provides equal opportunity for all Americans , with no barriers born of bigotry or discrimination . Putting America back to work means putting all Americans back to work . " Reagan had his hard edges for sure . He railed against "  welfare queens , " a vision of poor women cheating the system of government benefits . He supported steep cuts in many domestic programs such as food stamps that aided the neediest Americans . Moreover , many of his arguments about supply-side economics were discredited and his foreign policy was much less consistent than he stated when it came to protecting democracy . Opinion : Obama clueless on Mideast turmoil But at least politically , Reagan understood that Republicans had to appeal to broad segments of the population , or they would lose . Early in his presidency , George W. Bush tried to bring back some of Reagan 's spirit with his ideas about "  compassionate conservatism " as well as his use of human rights as a guide for foreign policy . Yet many of his economic policies , including the tax cuts for the wealthy and effort to privatize Social Security , as well as the immense problems of the war in Iraq , undercut his ability to revive this vision of conservatism . Without a positive message , conservatism faces the risk of seeming primarily like a harsh creed , an ideology for those who are intent on disciplining people who have supposedly become dependent on government . Unfortunately for conservatives , that includes a huge array of Americans , from the elderly to defense contractors to young children in schools . If this rhetoric continues , the GOP is at risk of becoming the party that takes away government services , takes away immigration rights , takes away social rights , but does n't offer anything back . The 47 % speech played right into this theme . And the polls are all moving in the wrong direction for the GOP . There are fewer and fewer voices such as former Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , who recently , according to Politico , has been working hard to find bipartisan agreement on health care issues and who is publicly willing to acknowledge how the government is sometimes needed to alleviate problems . "  As a doctor , " he wrote in The Week , "  I strongly believe that people without health insurance die sooner . ... State exchanges are the solution . " If the GOP ignores the kind of backlash it has encountered , it risks falling right back to 1964 or even 1932 , when Democrats were able to paint Republicans as a ruthless party only intent on protecting the prosperous . "  Our Republican leaders tell us economic lawsâ $ " sacred , inviolable , unchangeableâ $ " cause panics which one could prevent , " President Franklin D. Roosevelt said in his inaugural address in 1932 , "  But while they prate of economic laws , men and women are starving . We must lay hold of the fact that economic laws are not made by nature . They are made by human beings . " If Republicans are not careful , Democrats will find it easy enough to revitalize FDR 's rhetorical assault and to make it extraordinarily difficult for Republicans to regain control of Washington . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Romney 's troubles reflect a problem GOP has been dealing with for years A conservatism that emphasizes cutting social benefits risks appearing harsh , he says Zelizer : Reagan insisted conservatism be packaged as a positive force for freedom He says Democratic presidents have gained by depicting GOP as the party of meanness
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- Ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya said he and supporters holed up at the Brazilian Embassy were victims of a "  neurotoxic " gas attack Friday morning that caused many people to have nose bleeds and breathing difficulties . Soldiers stand guard Friday at the perimeter around the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa , Honduras . An official with Brazil 's Foreign Ministry told CNN there was some type of gas used in the area but could not confirm it was a nerve agent . Some embassy employees felt minor symptoms , said the official , who did not want his name used because that is foreign ministry protocol . Roberto Micheletti , who was named president after the June 28 coup that removed Zelaya , told CNN on Friday afternoon that his government did not launch a gas attack on the embassy . A high-ranking police official had told CNN earlier that Zelaya 's allegation was a "  totally false statement . " Journalists , including CNN correspondent John Zarrella , were kept several blocks away from the embassy in Tegucigalpa , the Honduran capital , and could not confirm whether a gas attack had taken place . Zelaya and his aides said at a news conference that a local public health specialist they identified as Dr. Mauricio Castellano took air samples near the embassy after the attack and determined that the gas contained HCN , an abbreviation for hydrogen cyanide . HCN can cause dryness and burning of the throat , shortness of breath , convulsion , coma and cardiovascular collapse . Zelaya said he felt irritation in his throat and eyes Friday morning and went outside to get fresh air . When he did so , he said , he noticed that many people were sick . "  Practically all of us have felt the effects of these gases , " he said . Andres Tamayo , who was with Zelaya at the embassy and identified himself as a priest , said the chemical attack came from three sources : neighboring houses that have been evacuated , a white truck that was seen near the embassy and a low-flying helicopter . "  This is a terrorist act , " Tamayo said . Zelaya has been staying at the Brazilian Embassy since secretly returning to Honduras on Monday . Watch as CNN 's Rick Sanchez talks to Zelaya and de facto leader Roberto Micheletti " He showed photographs at the briefing that he said were of soldiers setting up gas-delivery systems and noise machines in neighboring yards . The United Nations Security Council met Friday morning to discuss Brazil 's concern over what is happening at its embassy . Brazil called for the meeting several days ago . About 3,000 Zelaya supporters marched peacefully down a major boulevard Friday in the capital . Police and soldiers in riot gear lined the street but there were no reports of violence or arrests , CNN correspondent Zarrella said from the scene . CNN 's Kim Segal and Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .	NEW : Ousted president said ` neurotoxic gas ' used in Brazilian Embassy attack NEW : Brazilian officials say gas was in area but could n't confirm type Zelaya says he and many others were affected by the gas Zelaya has been in the embassy since his secret return to Honduras on Monday
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The discovery of the exact location of a stockade and dozens of personal artifacts belonging to its Union prisoners is one of the biggest archaeological Civil War finds in decades , federal and Georgia officials said Monday . Outside of scholars and Civil War buffs , few people have heard of the Confederacy 's Camp Lawton , which replaced the infamous and overcrowded Andersonville prison in fall 1864 . For nearly 150 years , its exact location was not known , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , the Georgia Department of Natural Resources and Georgia Southern University said . Georgia Southern students earlier this year began their search at a state park and federal fish hatchery for evidence of the wall timbers and interior buildings . "  Archaeologists call it one of the most significant Civil War discoveries in decades , " a joint statement read . Officials would provide no details until the formal announcement Wednesday morning at Magnolia Springs State Park , five miles north of Millen in southeast Georgia . An open house for the public will follow from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. Life at Lawton , described as "  foul and fetid , " was n't much better than at Andersonville , with the exception of plentiful water from Magnolia Springs . In its six weeks ' existence , between 725 and 1,330 men died at the prison camp . The 42-acre stockade held about 10,000 men before it was hastily closed when Union forces approached . Monday 's announcement follows weeks of speculation that began after a locked chain-linked fence went up around the hatchery adjoining the state park . Townspeople in nearby Millen made the secrecy part of their water cooler discussions . "  It 's created a lot of buzz , what 's going on out there , " said Connie Lee , owner of Cindy 's Cafe , a popular meeting place in the town of about 3,500 . Rumors have included the discovery of a chest with important papers , gold , a burial trench and , yes , even Union Gen. William Sherman 's horse . There are no photos of Lawton and few visual stockade details , although a Union mapmaker painted some important watercolors of the prison . He also kept a 5,000-page journal that detailed the misery at Camp Lawton , which was built to hold up to 40,000 prisoners . "  The weather has been rainy and cold at nights , " Pvt. Robert Knox Sneden , who was previously imprisoned at Andersonville , wrote in his diary on Nov. 1 , 1864 . "  Many prisoners have died from exposure , as not more than half of us have any shelter but a blanket propped upon sticks ... . Our rations have grown smaller in bulk too , and we have the same hunger as of old . " The impending arrival of Federal forces during Sherman 's March to the Sea soon forced the Confederates to move the prisoners elsewhere , including Florence , South Carolina , and Savannah , Georgia . In early December 1864 , Union cavalry found the empty prison , a freshly dug area and a board reading "  650 buried here . " Outraged , troops apparently burned much of the stockade and the camp buildings , and a depot and a hotel in Millen , which was a transportation hub . Many of the state park facilities -- including a pool , houses and the main office -- sit atop the prison site . Some earthworks , long known to visitors and historians , survived . The artifacts will deepen the knowledge of the tough daily life of prisoners and guards alike , said a historian who has completed a manuscript on the camp . " -LSB- Lawton -RSB- illustrates almost every Civil War POW issue , " said John K. Derden , professor emeritus at East Georgia College which has campuses in nearby Statesboro and Swainsboro . Derden cited health conditions , death rates , prisoner exchanges and the South 's dwindling ability to manage a population where disease and poor sanitation were in abundance . Until now , Andersonville was the sole POW camp in the South to capture the public 's attention and imagination . Besides the camp 's own horrors , Clara Barton made Andersonville famous through her extensive campaign to have POW graves found and soldiers reinterred at a national cemetery . The prison 's commandant , Henry H. Wirz , was hanged in 1865 , the only man to be hanged for war crimes during the Civil War . Monuments dot Andersonville National Historic Site , which drew 136,000 visitors last year . A 1996 movie tells its story . None of that happened at Camp Lawton , where time and its remote location put it on the road to obscurity , fortunately for archaeologists . That promises to change beginning Wednesday , when the public will get its first glimpse of what life might have been like for prisoners , many of whom had been moved to Lawton from Andersonville . Lee and Walter Bragg , owner of Millen Auto Parts , hope anything associated with the discovery will boost the depressed area , where a 10.7 percent unemployment rate exceeds the state average . "  Our county -LSB- Jenkins -RSB- needs something to revitalize Millen , " Lee said .	NEW : Research will expand knowledge of prisoners ' daily life Open house will follow Wednesday 's formal announcement Major archaeological find at site of Civil War prison camp Learn more from the Virginia Historical Society
You can find the ideological divide in Venezuela at almost any gas station . A Hummer rolls in and fills up for just $ 2 and its owner gives a thumbs-up . Hugo Chavez 's gas subsidies have given this country the cheapest gas prices in the world . But just after him , a middle class , middle-aged father rolls in for a fill up and tells us , "  It 's disgusting ; it ca n't go on like this , " referring to the $ 12 billion Chavez 's government pays annually to subsidize gas in Venezuela . Few men or policies have so divided a country , a continent , a hemisphere , but President Hugo Chavez and his so-called "  Chavismo " revolution is contentious whether at the gas station or the United Nations . How he fares in Venezuela 's elections on Sunday will underscore his legacy as either a self-styled Latin American Robin Hood or a shrewd autocrat using and abusing his country 's oil riches to stay in power . And the world is watching . "  We 've reached the point where the current situation can not continue , " said economist David Rees with Capital Market in London . Chavez , Capriles enter home stretch in Venezuelan presidential race Oil is everything to Venezuela , accounting for more than 95 % of its exports . And yet oil production has slowed for almost a decade . Add to that a rising inflation rate , crumbling infrastructure , energy shortages everywhere outside the capital , Caracas , and private sector and foreign investment growth remain low . "  The continuation of the current policy framework could culminate in a crisis , a balance of payments crisis , perhaps a default . Whereas Venezuela does have great potential , it has the biggest proven oil reserves in the world and investment has been lagging behind and there is plenty of room for development , " Rees said . "  So investors are obviously sitting , waiting for signs , and Venezuela could be a much better bet than it has been . " Chavez has overseen a radical rethink of the economy in Venezuela . By nationalizing many industries , especially energy , his government claims to be fashioning a socialist revolution where the poor are given housing , education and medicine free from the state . And despite the economy 's challenges , many leaders in Latin America compliment and indeed may wish to emulate Chavez 's policies , especially nationalization . Leaders in Brazil and Argentina have even praised Chavez for standing up to "  imperialism , " a not-so-veiled reference to U.S. influence and power in Latin and South America . For his part , President Barack Obama has insisted that he does not see a "  national security impact " on the United States from Chavez 's policies . But Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio has characterized the Chavez government as a menace in the region and President Obama as naive for not recognizing it . "  Hugo Chavez is not only a threat to the Venezuelan people 's freedom and democratic aspirations , he has also supported Iran 's regime in its attempts to expand its intelligence network throughout the hemisphere , facilitated money laundering activities that finance state sponsors of terrorism and provided a safe haven for FARC narco-terrorists , among many other actions , " Rubio said in a statement released this summer . Venezuela : A model for Latin America ? On Wednesday Rubio told CNN it 's essential the Venezuelan election proceed as free and fair . "  I will say that we as believers in democracy , and not just those of us in the United States , but all the democracies in the region need to insist on is that the election results are respected , that the election results are fair , that there is no undermining of the election , that there is no intimidation of voters . On that we should be very clear and very firm , and then the results are up to the people of Venezuela , and we wish them well , " he said . Indeed , Chavez 's vocal support for the Syrian regime and his close relationship with Iran will only grow stronger and bolder if he is re-elected for a six-year term . While his challenger , Henrique Capriles , says his foreign policy priorities will be much different , his win could destabilize what is already a fractious society and an unreliable military leadership . Capriles told CNN he does n't believe there will be any destabilization inside Venezuela if he wins , and he challenges the notion that only Chavez can speak for the poor . "  This is a big lie . It is unfortunate that many times , some people have this perception that in Venezuela , the poor are with the government and those who are not poor are not with the government . It is a great misconception , a falsehood , " Capriles said in May . The effects of this election may well be felt at the gas station first , and not just those in Venezuela . The country is an OPEC member and is still a significant supplier of oil to the United States . As economists have already warned , an oil price shock triggered by Venezuelan unrest is unlikely , but still a possibility . Savvy authoritarians : Meet the modern strongmen	Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is up for re-election Sunday Chavez and his "  Chavismo " revolution has divided the country , continent Many Latin American leaders may wish to emulate Chavez 's policies Florida Sen. Marco Rubio demands Venezuela 's elections be fair , free
CNN  -- Egyptian women called for a Million Woman March on Tuesday , International Women 's Day , demanding "  fair and equal opportunity for all Egyptian citizens -- beyond gender , religion or class . " "  We are not after minority rights . We are not after symbolic political representation , " they said in a statement on Facebook . Women were very visible among demonstrators who toppled Egypt 's President Hosni Mubarak last month , which feminists called a breakthrough for Egyptian society .	Women seek equal opportunities for all Egyptians Feminists praise the role women played in the revolution that toppled Mubarak
CNN  -- Broadcaster Lee Thomas ' patchwork skin has being losing pigment for 17 years . He 's gotten used to the constant stares when his work makeup is off ; he does n't even mind being asked about his varying skin tones . Thomas laughs when he recalls one of his 6-year-old daughter 's friends telling him he looked like a cow . After Thomas explained he had vitiligo , the boy asked if they could play Frisbee . "  It 's not really the ignorance , " Thomas said about the lack of awareness surrounding vitiligo . "  It 's the malicious ignorance . Adults are weird . " He remembers playing a "  visual tennis match " with a man in his office . The man would stare at Thomas , then as soon as Thomas looked at him , the man looked away . They volleyed back and forth until Thomas told him , "  It 's OK if you want to look . " He went through what he calls an "  angry spotted-guy " period when he would give menacing looks to those who stared at him . "  Eventually I said , ` That 's not me ' and would do the opposite , " he said . "  I 'd give them the million-dollar smile that got me into my work in the first place and turn it into a conversation rather than a spectacle . " What 's vitiligo ? June 25 marks World Vitiligo Day , which is aimed at raising awareness about the incurable disease . Vitiligo affects roughly 100 million people worldwide , according to the Vitiligo Research Foundation . It 's not contagious or fatal , but scientists do n't know exactly what causes it . "  The body acts as if it 's allergic to its pigment cells , " said Dr. Mark Lebwohl , a professor and dermatologist at Mount Sinai School of Medicine . The pigment cells , also known as melanocytes , die or stop producing melanin , leaving patches of colorless skin all over a person 's body . Vitiligo does n't discriminate , affecting people of all skin colors , but it is most noticeable in people with darker skin . Michael Jackson probably had the most well-known case of vitiligo ; rumor has it Jackson wore a single glove to hide some of the splotches on his hand . Thomas said he also , for a time , wore a single glove while reporting stories to cover his symptoms . Though there is no cure for vitiligo , there are many treatment options that vary in effectiveness and cost . Topical creams and ointments can repigment the skin , but Lebwohl said this process can take years . Laser treatments , which target affected skin areas with light therapy , can produce results in just a few treatments . These treatments work best in dark-skinned people and on the face . There are also some surgical treatments , "  but sometimes the healing is not uniform so it can look like there 's scarring , " Lebwohl said . Vitiligo patients often struggle for years to find something that works for them . Lebwohl says one of his colleagues at Mount Sinai has done great work in mapping the causes of vitiligo in the immune system . Lebwohl believes better treatments will be available in the next decade or so that target the roots of the disease . Getting past the stigma Thomas wore makeup on his face anytime he was out of the house for nearly four years until he was no longer able to hide his vitiligo , he said . Being a TV personality , he worried that he would lose his job if his bosses and co-workers found out about his condition . Eventually he had to reveal it , and to his relief , it was n't an issue . "  My bosses here at the time were always very supportive , " he said . "  The conflict was within . " He now goes without makeup when he 's not working , but he still wears makeup on camera because his vitiligo is so visible he feels it distracts from the stories he reports . Vitiligo is n't physically painful , but Lebwohl emphasized it 's not strictly a cosmetic condition either . "  It 's debilitating . Imagine every time you meet someone you have a disorder clearly on your face , " he said . "  It 's really a psychological disorder . " Yan Valle , who works with the Vitiligo Foundation , said he 's watched his pigment disappear since he was 6 . It started on his legs , then spread to his hands , face and neck . "  It 's not as bad as on dark-skinned people , but still , kids see everything , " Valle said . Like Thomas , he senses that his vitiligo makes people uncomfortable -- on subways or elevators , strangers purposely avoid looking at the spots . Valle says he grew up with few resources to help him understand the condition or how to treat it . He helped found the Vitiligo Research Foundation in 2010 and now works full-time to provide resources to medical professionals and those with the condition . Thomas has written a book , "  Turning White , " and often speaks about his experience with vitiligo . He met one woman and her brother at a support group he started in Detroit , which he says was the first vitiligo support group in the United States . The woman 's brother told Thomas she had n't left the house in months because of her insecurities with the disease . "  She said ' I do n't know how you do it , ' " Thomas said . "  There are lots suffering in silence , and I hope to be their voice . " CNN anchor battles her skin and wins	Vitiligo affects roughly 100 million people worldwide Scientists do n't know what causes the incurable disease With vitiligo , pigment cells deteriorate , leaving patches of colorless skin
CNN  -- A controversial photography exhibit called "  In the Playroom " depicts young children reenacting tragic and violent historical events , including the September 11 attacks and the abuse of inmates at Iraq 's infamous Abu Ghraib prison . The artist , Jonathan Hobin , says his work is an attempt to reflect on modern events that affect children and prompt dialogue about "  issues in our world . " But the photos have also drawn criticism from those who say Hobin 's use of artistic license involving children crosses an ethical boundary . "  Some of it is appropriate , " said psychiatrist Alvin Poussaint . "  But I do n't know that it 's appropriate to put a scarf around a girl 's neck like she 's going to be strangled with out really understanding what that 's about . " Poussaint was referring to one of Hobin 's photographs in which a young girl is depicted as slain 6-year-old JonBenet Ramsey , who was found dead in the basement of her Colorado home in 1996 after being strangled . The image portrays the girl dressed in beauty pageant attire while holding a mauve-colored scarf around her neck . Poussaint said he commended the photographs for their portrayal of events that affect children , but cautioned that the children likely "  did n't understand what they were doing . " He also warned against placing young children in situations that could potentially traumatize or frighten them , cautioning that the effects of traumatic events commonly surface later in life . But Hobin defended his work , arguing that "  media is so pervasive its almost inescapable " and the exhibit endeavored to show how these events are "  part of our culture . " "  We have to acknowledge it , " he said . Others are n't so sure . One photograph , called "  The Twins , " shows two young boys staring directly into the camera in a playroom designed to look like a scene from the September 11 attacks at the World Trade Center in New York . In the scene , a boy is shown holding a toy plane , while the other child holds a toy fire engine crane in front of a building made to look like its ablaze . Another image shows a hooded child on box with phony electrodes attached to his fingers in a scene that portrays an Abu Ghraib prisoner . Next to him shows a near naked boy , handcuffed beside a stuffed animal of a dog . Hobin 's exhibit was first unveiled in September at a gallery in Ottawa , Canada , and was shot with the approval of the children 's parents , he said . CNN spoke with one parent who said she allowed her child to be photographed , but could not immediately reach the parents of the other children .	Exhibit "  In the Playroom " depicts young children re-enacting violent events Photographer Jonathan Hobin says it reflects on modern events that affect children He says the exhibit is supposed to prompt dialogue about "  issues in our world " The photos have drawn criticism from those who say it crosses an ethical line
CNN  -- Barcelona ended Real Madrid 's 15-match winning run to snatch back top spot in Spain 's La Liga with a 3-1 "  El Clasico " victory in the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday . Jose Mourinho 's team had been seeking to break the Real record set in 1960-61 and go six points clear , but surrendered the lead on goal difference despite scoring after 23 seconds . However , Barcelona have played one more match and Madrid will catch that up next weekend . The 163rd Clasico clash had been billed as a showdown between superstars Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo , but neither FIFA Ballon D'Or award candidate could add to their league-leading tally of 17 goals on a rainy night in Madrid . Instead it was Karim Benzema who gave Real the perfect start when he pounced to volley home from close range after Barca goalkeeper Victor Valdes gave the ball away , and Mesut Ozil 's shot deflected into the France forward 's path . Pinto 's Clasico prediction : Tell him what you thought of the match That boosted Mourinho 's hopes of a first league win over the European champions , but Alexis Sanchez -- starting ahead of David Villa -- equalized on the half-hour with a fierce low shot after Messi burst through the middle . Josep Guardiola 's team took the lead eight minutes after halftime when a shot by midfielder Xavi , making his 600th senior appearance for Barca , took a cruel deflection off Real defender Marcelo and wrongfooted goalkeeper Iker Casillas . Mourinho responded by replacing Ozil with Kaka , and Real should have leveled in the 65th minute when an unmarked Ronaldo headed wide from Xabi Alonso 's perfect cross . The home side immediately paid for that , as Cesc Fabregas fired in a superb far-post header from Dani Alves ' teasing right-wing cross . Rivalries renewed : Clasico preview in pictures It was the former Arsenal midfielder 's 10th goal in 13 starts this season , and gave Barca an advantage that Real could not reduce despite Kaka going close . Barca had won just 16 of the 81 previous Clasicos played in the Spanish capital , but have not lost there in the league since 2008 . Third-placed Valencia failed to make ground on the leaders after conceding two late goals in a 2-1 defeat by Real Betis . Ruben Castro netted twice in time added on after teammate Jose Dorado put through his own net in the 66th minute . The defeat left Valencia seven points off the pace , while Betis moved away from the relegation zone and up to 13th . Fourth-placed Levante closed to within a point of local rivals Valencia with a 1-0 win at home to Sevilla . Defender Nano Rivas put his side five points clear of fifth-placed Sevilla with a 57th-minute winner after Sergio Ballesteros ' effort was blocked on the line .	Barcelona claim top spot in Spain with 3-1 win away to Real Madrid Karim Benzema had put the home side ahead after only 23 seconds Real had won 15 successive matches in all competitions , but have game in hand Third-placed Valencia concede two late goals in a 2-1 defeat by Real Betis
London , England  CNN  -- Two Norwegians were sentenced to death Thursday in Congo , the Norwegian Foreign Ministry said , after what a human rights group called a "  military show trial " that relied on evidence obtained through torture . Joshua French , 28 , who is also a British citizen , and Tjostolv Moland , 29 , were convicted of murder , attempted murder , criminal conspiracy , armed robbery , and espionage , according to British legal charity Reprieve . Both men have maintained their innocence . Norway and Britain said Thursday they remain opposed to the death penalty and offered support to the men . The two men traveled into Congo from Uganda on a motorbike trip in April 2009 , Reprieve said . When their bike broke down in Kisangani , they hired a car and a driver , and two Congolese passengers joined them , the group said . Several hours into the journey , in the middle of the rainforest , the driver was shot and killed , Reprieve said . Authorities allege French and Moland killed the driver , but both men maintain they were ambushed by gunmen . Afraid for their lives , they fled into the dense jungle , Reprieve said . They were arrested separately in May 2009 , the group said . They were first sentenced to death last September . They lost their appeals but the Military High Court in Kinshasa quashed the sentences in April and sent the case back for a retrial , Reprieve reported . Reprieve said there is no physical evidence against the men and the two witnesses who testified against them were given large sums of money in compensation and have changed their stories "  countless " times . The prosecution has also referred to statements obtained through torture , Reprieve said . "  This farce of a trial would be comical if the stakes were n't so tragically high , " said Tineke Harris , the deputy death penalty director at Reprieve . "  Each time the military prosecution changes their theory , the witnesses all obligingly change their story . " Harris urged the British and Norwegian governments to press Congo to provide a "  credible civilian trial " for French and Moland and arrange for their repatriation . A spokesman for the Norwegian Foreign Ministry told CNN the death sentences will not take effect until both men have exhausted their appeals . "  Norway is a strong opponent against the death penalty , and we have been communicating this stance to the relevant authorities , " said spokesman Kjetil Elsebutangen . "  We have received assurances from the authorities that the death sentence wo n't be carried out and we hold the authorities responsible for the well being of these two . " Norway has told Congo it wants to transfer both men to Norway , but it 's not clear under what conditions that can take place , Elsebutangen said . Britain 's Foreign Office said it was "  extremely disappointed " that French was sentenced to death . "  We will be doing everything we properly can to support him in the coming weeks and months , " said a spokesman , who declined to be named in line with policy . "  We are committed to supporting any British national who faces the death penalty and our prime concern in this case is to ensure that no execution is carried out . " Britain has made its concerns clear to the Congolese government , the spokesman added . Reprieve said prosecution evidence includes photographs of two guns alleged to have been found on Moland 's computer , but both guns have been traced to Norway and have never left Norway . The prosecution claims the maps , compass , and GPS system they were carrying proves they were spies , Reprieve said . After his arrest , French was beaten , subjected to a mock execution , and forced to sign a confession , the group said . The trial was held in French , a language neither man speaks , and no interpreter was provided for a large part of the trial , Reprieve said . "  For those hearings where an interpreter was present only a small part of what was said was translated , and even then mistakes were constantly made , " the group said . "  French said that when he told the court he worked in security , the interpreter translated it as he worked as a spy . " Reprieve said the men are also being tried in military courts , in violation of Congo 's constitution , which says such courts may only handle cases involving the military or police . Norwegian authorities deny that the two men , who are former soldiers , were ever involved in spying for Norway , Reprieve said . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Two Norwegians sentenced to death in Congo Both maintain their innocence Legal charity says evidence obtained through torture
CNN  -- Real Madrid made a stumbling start to their La Liga title defense , as they were held 1-1 by Valencia Sunday in the Santiago Bernabeu . It was two costly points dropped as arch rivals Barcelona later thumped Real Sociedad 5-1 in the Camp Nou . Barca 's new coach Tito Vilanova saw them dominate the first half and take a 4-1 lead by the break . Carles Puyol headed them in front from a second minute corner before Chori Castro leveled for the visitors . But Lionel Messi was at his superb best to take the game away from Sociedad . He scored a double in four minutes , both fine individual efforts , before Pedro Rodriguez added a fourth on the stroke of halftime . David Villa added the gloss to the performance , as he made his return in the second half after a lengthy injury layoff . He converted a pass from Andres Iniesta in the 75th minute . Barcelona meet Real in the Spanish Super Cup on Thursday and will be hoping the reigning champions misfire as they did against Valencia . Gonzalo Higuain put Jose Mourinho 's men ahead Real ahead after nine minutes , but Brazilian midfielder Jonas Goncalves equalized just before the interval with a neat header . Cristiano Ronaldo had an early chance for Real but was otherwise quiet on a disappointing night for Los Blancos . "  I do n't think we played a great game , but we did enough to win , " Mourinho told the official Real Madrid website . In the other game Sunday , Athletic Bilbao slumped to a 5-3 home defeat to Real Betis .	Real Madrid held to 1-1 draw by Valencia in La Liga opener Jonas Goncalves equalizer denies champions winning start Barcelona rout Real Sociedad 5-1 in Camp Nou Lionel Messi scores first half double
CNN  -- We were in touch two weeks ago ; Roger Ebert was my friend for more than 40 years , and toward the end of March he took it upon himself to send out one of my CNN columns to his more than 800,000 Twitter followers , and I thanked him for his graciousness and generosity , which were constant . And then , Wednesday , after he had publicly announced that he would be cutting back on his movie reviews as he battled the cancer that would not let up , I wrote him again to say some personal things . We could no longer have regular conversations , of course , because the cancer surgeries had cost him his speaking voice , but the e-mails oddly became more intimate than all the words we said out loud over all the decades . He did n't answer Wednesday 's note , which was highly unusual . He died Thursday . I wish you could have known him as a young man -- his laughter , his stories , his sheer joy of being out around other newspaper people . You know how well he wrote -- I wish you could have seen how fast he wrote . It was the sound of a machine gun , on those old manual typewriters . No one writes that fast -- and then , to have the result be so beautiful ? Roger was still drinking in those days , and there would be nights on North Avenue in Chicago when the bars would close at 4 a.m. , and a group of us would come walking out , and rumbling down the street would be a Chicago Sun-Times delivery truck . We all knew the drivers by name , and they knew us , and they 'd stop and invite us to hop in -- they 'd give us a ride home while dropping bundles of papers off before dawn . So there we 'd be , in those boxy red delivery trucks , and in the back would be the new editions , right off the press , sometimes still warm and damp . There were nights when Roger would pull the top copy off a bundle , and , right there in the truck , he would read the words of the review he had finished writing just hours before ... oh , he seemed so happy on those nights . Opinion : What the Internet owes Roger Ebert For several Christmases , we 've had a tradition . A couple of Decembers ago , on Christmas Day , I took a walk around the downtown area of Chicago , the streets and sidewalks slick with ice and snow . There is a statue , near the Chicago River , of Irv Kupcinet , the late longtime columnist for the Sun-Times . The statue was coated with snow . I snapped a photo of it and sent it to Roger . I told him I was sending it in remembrance of all the Christmas Days when we would be working in the fourth floor newsroom of the old Sun-Times building at 401 N. Wabash Avenue , and Kup would come walking in , snow on his overcoat , on the beat as always , holiday or no . Roger wrote back with three words : "  Dat 's right , Jack ! " I laughed out loud , and I knew that Roger , if he could , would be laughing , too . Kup used to do the WGN Radio broadcasts of Chicago Bears games with play-by-play man Jack Brickhouse . Whatever Brickhouse might say about a play -- a touchdown , a great tackle , an interception -- Kup could be counted on to reply with : "  Dat 's right , Jack ! " And so it was on Christmas Days , right up to and including the last one . I 'd once again send that picture of the Kup statue to Roger , and his "  Dat 's right , Jack ! " would come back like clockwork . It was Roger who called me one day in 1999 , his voice shaking and mournful , to tell me the news that our mutual friend and Ebert 's television partner , critic Gene Siskel , had just died . The courage Roger has shown these last years as he has fought his own illnesses -- you can read the details of what he went through in the formal obituaries . A man whose voice was so famous , who loved so much to tell stories : to have that stolen from him -- yet to persevere with such humor and intelligence and basic good-guyness ... Ebert kept us entertained at the movies I was in Chicago for a few days last week . I knew that these recent months had been very difficult for him . On Oak Street , I saw the big , bright vertical sign for the old Esquire Theater . The theater is gone and there 's a new and glitzy steakhouse in the building . In 1971 , in that newsroom at 401 N. Wabash , Roger walked over and handed me the dupes -- the carbons -- of a review he had just written . It was for a film that was opening that week : "  The Last Picture Show . " The dupes were light green and flimsy , the letters from that Gatling-gun typewriter of his black and distinct . He told me he thought I 'd love the movie . So , on that day more than 40 years ago , I went to the Esquire and saw it . He was right . It was wonderful . Last week , seeing the Esquire sign , I walked into the new steakhouse . I wanted to offer Roger a silent toast . I rode an escalator upstairs . Right around where I think the projection booth must have been , there was a bar . I took a seat and ordered something . There is some dialogue in "  The Last Picture Show , " very near the end . Sam the Lion , the rough-hewn soul of the town , has died , and the woman to whom he turned over the movie theater he owned is lamenting the fact that she is going to have to close it down . Ebert in his own words She says to the two boys who have shown up on that final night : "  Nobody wants to come to shows no more . Kid baseball in the summer , television all the time . Sam had lived , I believe we could 've kept it going . But I just did n't have the know-how . " And then had come the words : "  Wo n't be much to do in town , with the picture show closed . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene , friend of Roger Ebert 's for more than 40 years , laments his passing He says Ebert was amazing as a young Chicago journalist . They shared great times He says Ebert persevered with humor and intelligence through his illness
CNN  -- Get ready : The 2016 campaign for the White House is getting under way . Among those attending next week 's Republican Governors Association meeting in Las Vegas are the group 's chairman , Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell , as well as popular Republican governors such as New Jersey 's Chris Christie , Wisconsin 's Scott Walker and Louisiana 's Bobby Jindal . While the RGA 's annual confabs are all about policy and politics , 2016 is sure to come up because all four governors are thought to be contenders for the party 's next presidential nomination . Even though the 2012 election is barely in the rear view mirror , speculation over the next race for the White House is getting started . With President Barack Obama winning a second term on Tuesday , an incumbent will not run in 2016 , meaning both parties may have competitive nomination battles . Biden : ` You 'll vote for me in 2016 ' The two names grabbing the most attention in the hunt for the next Democratic nomination are Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . As he was leaving a Delaware voting booth on Election Day , Biden was asked whether it was the last time he 'd cast a ballot for himself . "  No , I do n't think so , " he replied , smiling . Last month , he dropped a mention of a possible '16 bid . While on a phone call with a voter in Florida , the vice president discussed health care and insurance , making his case for the president 's health care reform law . "  And after it 's all over , when your insurance rates go down , then you 'll vote for me in 2016 , " he said . Biden , who will be 73 on Election Day 2016 , made unsuccessful bids for the nomination in 1988 and 2008 . As for Hillary Clinton , it does n't matter how many times the soon-to-be-former secretary of state says she wo n't run for president again , there 's always speculation that she may change her mind between now and the next presidential cycle . When asked by Marie Claire magazine last month if she would make another bid for the White House , she said , "  No , I 'm not . " Hillary Clinton repeats ` no ' for 2016 "  I have been on this high wire of national and international politics and leadership for 20 years , " Clinton said . "  It has been an absolutely extraordinary personal honor and experience . But I really want to just have my own time back . I want to just be my own person . I 'm looking forward to that . " But until she makes a Shermanesque statement , speculation will continue . "  The truth is , everyone else is frozen until Hillary decides what she wants to do , " a Democratic strategist , who asked to remain anonymous , told CNN . In addition to Biden and Clinton , there are some other possibilities . Former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo did not run for the Democratic nomination in 1992 , which went to Bill Clinton , but will his son , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , go where his father did not ? Cuomo is up for re-election in 2014 . Also possibly considering the White House is term-limited Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , the current chairman of the Democratic Governors Association . Other governors who might be considering runs are Deval Patrick of Massachusetts and outgoing Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer . And then there 's the U.S. Senate , where all 100 members may imagine themselves as president . Sens. Mark Warner of Virginia , Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota , Kirsten Gillibrand of New York , and even Sen.-elect Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts could be on any list of potential presidential candidates . The Democratic strategist has some advice for potential candidates : "  Everyone who wants to run for president in the Democratic Party should beat a path to Jim Messina 's door . Then camp out in Iowa . " Messina was Obama 's campaign manager , and Iowa , of course , traditionally kicks off the presidential primary and caucus calendar . As for the Republicans , Christie is at the top of any potential list . But before any run for the White House , the New Jersey governor next year faces what may be a tough re-election campaign in a blue state . McDonnell , who is term-limited at the end of this year and who was considered a possible running mate for Mitt Romney , may want to make a bid for the top spot . Walker is a hero to many conservatives , thanks to his battles against public sector workers in Wisconsin . After surviving a recall election this year , Walker is up for re-election in 2014 . Christie : Romney ` did n't get enough votes ' Jindal , who 's very popular among fiscal as well as social conservatives , is also entertaining thoughts of running for president , and Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who has to decide about running for re-election in 2014 , may also take a second shot at the GOP nomination . Romney 's running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , returns to his leadership role in the House . Will Ryan , a favorite of fiscal conservatives and many tea party activists , make a run for the top spot in the next presidential cycle ? This week 's election proved that the GOP has a problem with Latino voters . Will freshman Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a GOP rock star who 's urging his party to address this problem , make a run for the White House ? If he does n't , maybe his mentor , two-term former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who has strong relations with the Hispanic community , could make a bid . Rubio , by the way , will be in Iowa in a week and a half to headline an event for the state 's Republican governor . Rubio is n't the only Republican senator whose name comes up . Add John Thune of South Dakota to the list . And will freshman Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky follow in his father 's footsteps and run for president ? Rand Paul talks 2016 prospects The GOP is famous for awarding the nomination to the candidate who came in second in the previous primary cycle , like with Romney this time . If that 's the case , then watch former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania . He gave Romney a run for his money , he 's from an electoral-vote-rich state that the Republicans think they can reclaim , he 's got a working-class background , and he 's beloved by social conservatives . Add in two more names from the 2008 cycle : Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , who performed much better than expected in the GOP primaries , and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who was her party 's vice presidential nominee that year . Huckabee is still popular , thanks to his radio programs and weekly show on Fox News Channel , and Palin still commands a loyal conservative following . "  There is a vacuum of leadership right now in the Republican Party . Whoever steps up right now to point the party toward its future will help the party and advance their own fortunes politically , " says Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos . But Castellanos , who was a senior media adviser to Romney 's 2008 White House bid , says do n't look to the past . Wishing for a Rubio run "  The next Republican nominee will be tasked with taking the party into the future . It wo n't be the old retreads . It wo n't be Santorum , Huckabee or Palin . We need a new Republican from the ranks of GOP governors , senators , or even Jeb Bush and  former Secretary of State  Condi Rice who still represent the GOP 's future . " So what do these possible 2016 wannabes do as the very early preseason begins ? If they do n't have leadership PACs already , they form them , make speeches , campaign for fellow party members in the 2013 and 2014 races , write books and do cable news interviews , as they build up allies and support in the states that vote early in the primary and caucus calendar . "  This is n't a phase where people decide to run for president , it 's when they start to do things that leave that door open , " says a different Democratic strategist , who predicts that "  there will be a wide open field on both sides next time around . "	The GOP 's next presidential nominee might be at Republican governors gathering New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie tops the list , but he has tough reelection fight ahead Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton are mentioned most often as Democratic candidates GOP strategist says retread from past races wo n't be able to take party into the future
CNN  -- At dinnertime the other evening I walked into a seafood restaurant in a small strip mall off U.S. 41 in southwestern Florida . The dÃ © cor was faithful to an under-the-ocean theme , right down to bubbling water behind portholes built into one wall . Along a corridor , on the door to the men 's room , was a framed photograph of a young , smiling Kirk Douglas . You could n't look at it without grinning . Even if you had never set eyes on him in your life , you would know in a glance that this guy was some sort of star . The business he was in -- the movie-star business -- has always been built on instant visceral reaction . You 've got star quality , or you do n't . With Kirk Douglas , there was never a question . He was golden . I bring this up because Sunday is Douglas ' birthday . He is turning -- believe it or not -- 96 . He is the last man standing of all the great name-above-the-title stars of Hollywood 's so-called Golden Age . John Wayne , Gary Cooper , Humphrey Bogart , Jimmy Stewart , Clark Gable -- all of them , except him , gone . I knew exactly why that photograph of Douglas was on the door to the men 's room in the submarine-themed restaurant . One of Douglas ' most unforgettable movies was 1954 's "  20,000 Leagues Under the Sea , " adapted from the Jules Verne saga . Douglas played the swashbuckling seafarer Ned Land . From the archives : Kirk Douglas , 92 , takes stock of his life It was the first favorite movie of my life . I must have seen it at least six times in the big palace of a downtown theater in our Midwestern hometown . I kept making my parents take me . The whole movie was thrilling , but one scene topped them all : Douglas , in a red-and-white-striped T-shirt , a guitar in his hands , sang a song called "  Whale of a Tale " to his shipmates : "  Got a whale of a tale to tell you , lads ... " No textbooks are needed to define what constitutes star quality . That one bit of film contains all the information necessary . About 25 years ago , I saw in the paper that "  20,000 Leagues Under the Sea " was scheduled to be broadcast in prime time on ABC . This was in the pre-YouTube , pre-Netflix era ; if a wonderful old movie was going to be aired , your one shot at seeing it was at the whim and convenience of a network . I eagerly awaited -- especially for the chance to see and hear Kirk Douglas sing "  Whale of a Tale " one more time . I watched the movie -- every minute of it . No "  Whale of a Tale . " They had cut it out , for time reasons . "  Edited for television . " I could n't believe they 'd done it . The next morning , I remembered that I knew someone who knew someone who claimed to know Kirk Douglas . I made a few phone calls , and was given a California number that I was told was Douglas ' business office . I called , expecting to leave a message . And Kirk Douglas picked up the phone . I asked him if he 'd heard about how the movie had been edited . He had n't . "  I rarely watch my own films , " he said . "  They 're for other people , not for me . " I told him that "  Whale of a Tale " had been taken out of the TV version . He became livid . Furious . "  That 's a sacrilege , " he said . "  I had no idea they 'd done that . If they ca n't use ` Whale of a Tale , ' then they should n't run the picture at all . " I could barely concentrate on what he was saying , because it was hard enough processing the fact that I was talking with Kirk Douglas . "  It was really a rollicking song that everyone liked , " he said . " ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' holds a very special place in my heart , because it was the movie that made me a star to young kids . In my earlier movies I had played rather rough characters -- characters that kids probably should n't have seen . But when I played Ned Land in ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea , ' all of a sudden I had a whole new audience . " From the archives : Douglas deals frankly with stroke , depression And then , in the middle of our conversation , without prompting , he did something that will stay with me forever . He started to sing "  Whale of a Tale " over the telephone : "  Got a whale of a tale to tell you lads , a whale of a tale or two ... " The sound of that voice , across all the years . The magic of a movie star : " ... ` bout the flapping fish and the girls I 've loved , on nights like this with the moon above , a whale of a tale and it 's all true , I swear by my tattoo . " Being 96 is often not much fun for those who make it to that age , and Douglas has battled health problems in recent years . The last of those legends with the special something that turns out to be eternal . All those indelible roles , in "  A Letter to Three Wives " and "  Ace in the Hole " and "  The Bad and the Beautiful " and "  Strangers When We Meet " and "  Spartacus " and "  Seven Days in May " ... . When Douglas started making pictures , Charlie Chaplin was still acting in movies . Douglas ' son Michael has already had a long and full movie career . Ninety-six . I stood in that restaurant and looked at him grinning off the painted door , the wattage of the smile above his cleft chin undimmed . Happy birthday , sir . What a life for Issur Danielovitch , as he was named by his parents on December 9 , 1916 , in Amsterdam , New York -- what a life for the self-described ragman 's son who decided he would be Kirk Douglas , and see where that might take him . A whale of a tale , and it 's all true . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene	Bob Greene says Kirk Douglas is Hollywood 's last remaining Golden Age idol In "  20,000 Leagues Under the Sea , " he played a seafarer and sang a memorable song Greene watched a TV version in which song was cut ; he called Douglas , who was appalled Greene : Douglas turns 96 today , has come far from his early N.Y. days as Issur Danielovitch
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pirates in ships are searching for the lifeboat containing four pirates and their hostage -- the captain of a freighter they failed to hijack earlier this week -- according to a U.S. military official with knowledge of the situation . Capt. Richard Phillips of the Maersk Alabama is being held by pirates on a lifeboat off Somalia . The pirates are using ships they have already hijacked and larger ships from which they are launching skiffs , the official said Friday . One of the pirated ships is the German cargo ship Hansa Stavanger , seized April 4 off the coast of Somalia . The U.S. military has been monitoring communications between the pirates , the official said . The guided missile frigate USS Halyburton , with helicopter capabilities , has now joined the guided missile destroyer USS Bainbridge in the area . A third ship , the amphibious assault ship USS Boxer , which has a large medical facility on board , will be there within a day . Richard Phillips , the hostage , tried to escape from the pirates Thursday night by jumping out of the lifeboat , a U.S. official said Friday . Watch what it 's like inside a lifeboat " Phillips was believed to be trying to swim to the USS Bainbridge , which is in communication with the four gunmen holding Phillips in the 28-foot boat off Somalia 's coast , the official said . Some of the kidnappers jumped into the water , recaptured Phillips , and returned him to the lifeboat , according to the official . Watch what happened when captain tried to escape " The pirates fired shots , the military official said , but had no further details . A Defense Department official told CNN that Phillips appeared to be tied up by the pirates after the escape attempt . The U.S. official -- who did not want to be named because of the sensitive nature of the situation -- said the escape attempt is being viewed by negotiators as an "  optimistic sign " that Phillips is in good health . He has been held since Wednesday , when the hijackers seized control of his U.S.-flagged ship , the Maersk Alabama . Watch expert talk about hostage escape attempts " The captain 's wife Andrea Phillips thanked everyone for their support in a statement . "  My husband is a strong man and we will remain strong for him , " she said . "  We ask that you do the same . " Phillips ' 20-man crew regained control of the vessel , and they and the vessel are en route to Mombasa , Kenya , according to the father of one of the crew members . The ship 's owners -- the Norfolk , Virginia-based Maersk company -- would not say how the crew regained control . "  There will be time for due diligence and retrospective review once we have the safe return of all parties and the opportunity for a full debriefing , " it said in a statement . For the U.S. Navy , the show of strength is more than just a means to resolve a hostage situation , said Chris Lawrence , CNN 's Pentagon correspondent . Attacks in the area have picked up so drastically in recent months that the Navy has to reposition some of its fleet to deal with the threats , he said . iReport.com : How should the U.S. respond ? The pirates have shown no signs of giving in . The Maersk Alabama was on its way to Mombasa , Kenya , with a cargo of food aid when it was attacked Wednesday . It was the first time in recent history that pirates had targeted an American ship . The ship was hijacked some 350 miles off Somalia 's coast , a distance that used to be considered safe for ships navigating in the pirate-infested waters . CNN 's Mike Mount and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Shots fired in escape attempt , captain apparently tied up , military officials say Pirates using other hijacked ships to look for lifeboat as Navy ships arrive Captain 's escape attempt viewed as "  optimistic sign " of his vitality Richard Phillips , captain of a U.S.-flagged cargo ship , is being held by four gunmen
CNN  -- Good move , governor . And you did n't even let on . When we chatted briefly at the White House Correspondents Dinner a few weekends ago , you looked very upbeat and energetic . I had no idea that you had undergone Lap-Band stomach surgery to lose weight And when I wrote that CNN piece about you on February 8 saying you needed to take your doctor 's advice seriously and do whatever you could to drop some pounds , I had no idea you probably had made the decision already and were heading into surgery in eight days . Congratulations ! Now some are saying that your decision to make such a drastic move to drop what could be at least 100 pounds was motivated by your desire to run for president in 2016 . Being 5-foot-11 and weighing at least 300 to 350 pounds at 50 might not be conducive to occupying the Oval Office as 45th president of the United States . But we know better . You told the New York Post that you did this first for your family , for your kids . Those are the same factors that led to my decision seven years ago . They also motivated men like NBC 's Al Roker , Jets coach Rex Ryan and former Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. to do the same thing -- and it had nothing to do with political aspirations . "  It 's so much more important than that , " you told the Post . We 'll leave that to history to decide . Still , you knew that being morbidly obese  yes , that 's how you describe people who are 100 pounds or more over their ideal body weight  would be something that would ultimately kill you , probably as a relatively young man . You do n't see a lot of 80-year-old obese people , do you ? And , at 50 , with four wonderful children , you have a lot to live for and a lot of life ahead of you . Then there 's a possible future in Washington . For a public person , a governor , these decisions are terribly personal . You had to consider the risks of doing nothing or having a fairly aggressive surgery like gastric bypass -- or doing something a little less aggressive like the Lap-Band , also called the adjustable laparoscopic banding system . In that procedure , doctors put a silicone tube , which is like a big rubber band , around the top of your stomach , restricting the amount of food you can take in . They fill that tube with saline , squeezing the size of the entry into the stomach even more so you can eat even less . They can also adjust the band to allow for more food . This can result in the loss of at least 100 pounds within the first year to 18 months , but it does carry some risks . Some say you 've already dropped 40 to 50 pounds , which would be typical eight to 10 weeks after the procedure . But there will be haters . Some will say that your lifestyle of excess over the years led you to this point , and that it 's lazy to go under the knife to resolve such a dramatic problem rather than bear down , hit the treadmill and do it the hard way . Others will question why you decided to do the Lap-Band procedure rather than the permanent Roux-en-Y gastic bypass . Some people have had to remove the bands because they caused painful irritation and scar tissue in their stomachs . I had the Roux-en-Y procedure , which can be initially more dangerous but is often recommended for those who require dramatic weight loss in a shorter period of time . And then there will be those who said you did all this just because you want to be president in 2016 . A fat president was n't even a good look for William Howard Taft back in 1909 . Some or all that may be true , but really , governor , we know there 's a lot more to the story . You did this to live . You did this because 50 is just too young to drop dead of a heart attack , diabetes or a stroke . You did this for your health . Not to mention that it would be kind of sad to get out-hustled in Iowa or New Hampshire or Florida by Hillary Clinton simply because you needed to stop and catch your breath on the campaign bus . But most important , you did this so you would be around for your kids , your wife , your family , your state and your country . And I say , more power to ya ... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bryan Monroe .	Obese New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie underwent lap band stomach surgery to slim down Christie says he did it for wife and kids , but some think it 's for a 2016 presidential run Bryan Monroe had gastric bypass surgery , warns Christie there will be criticisms But Monroe says like himself , Christie did it to live a healthy , long life
CNN  -- Do n't underestimate the power of a spilled cup of coffee . A United Airlines flight from Chicago to Frankfurt , Germany , was diverted to Toronto this week after the pilot dumped a cup of coffee on the plane 's communication 's equipment . The unwanted liquid triggered a series of emergency codes , including one for a hijacking , according to Transport Canada , the agency that regulates transportation in Canada . "  With the help of their company dispatch staff , the flight crew was confirmed the problem to be a NAV  navigation  / communication issue and not a valid code 7500  for a hijacking or unlawful interference  , " Transport Canada said on its website . Flight 940 initially was going to return to Chicago , but then diverted to Pearson International Airport in Toronto where it landed without incident around 10 p.m. Monday . United had little to say about the coffee spill that led to the diversion , and did not acknowledge that the caffeinated beverage had anything to do with it . "  Our review of the communications issue encountered on flight 940 continues , so it 's too soon to comment on any particulars that led to the captain 's decision to divert , " United spokesman Rahsaan Johnson said late Tuesday . "  But important to note the crew did maintain contact with controllers , and the decision to divert to Toronto was the captain 's . " The Boeing 777 had 255 passengers and crew aboard . United retrieved them from Toronto and took them back to Chicago where they were put on another plane to Frankfurt Tuesday afternoon .	The coffee triggered emergency codes , including one for a hijacking The flight was en route from Chicago to Frankfurt , Germany The passengers caught a flight to Germany a day later
CNN  -- In his dreams it was probably a 30-yard screamer that ripped a hole in the roof of the net . The reality , of course , was different as Gareth Bale , the world 's most expensive footballer , bundled the ball home from six yards out . It did n't matter . Bale may have made his name scoring spectacular individual goals for his previous club Tottenham Hotspur , but like all great players the 24-year-old has the knack of being in the right place at the right time . Read more : Real Madrid fork out $ 132 million for Bale His 38th minute goal against Villarreal -- stabbing in Daniel Carvajal 's low cross -- came at just the right time for his new team . The Spanish giants were second best for much of the first half and were trailing after Cani 's 19th minute strike gave the hosts a deserved lead . Bale , who is still not fully fit after recovering from a groin injury , came out for the second half but only lasted 15 minutes -- his best effort a trademark long shot which flew narrowly over the crossbar . Read more : Real Madrid unveil Gareth Bale at Bernabeu Shortly after scampering down the right wing , ball at feet , Bale 's debut was over as Carlo Ancelotti hauled off his most expensive asset . But he had already made his mark . Cristiano Ronaldo gave Real the lead shortly after the Welshman departed -- his deflected shot finding the back of the net in the 64th minute before Giovani dos Santos equalized six minutes later . And that 's how it stayed as both teams dropped their first points of the season . Blog : Will Belgium win the World Cup ? The 2-2 draw leaves Real Madrid in fourth place , level on ten points with Villarreal who are third . Earlier on Saturday , Barcelona maintained their 100 % start to the new season , but only just , squeaking past Sevilla 3-2 at the Nou Camp . Read more : Gareth Bale and the curse of the British abroad Chilean striker Alexis Sanchez 's dramatic injury time winner saw Barcelona claim three points after looking like they had thrown away two . Dani Alves put the home side ahead with a 36th minute header and when Lionel Messi scored to make it 2-0 with 15 minutes to go all was going according to plan . But when Ivan Rakitic scored for Sevilla in the 80th minute and Coke equalized in added time , Barcelona looked to have blown it . Not for the first time , Messi showed his class when it mattered , engaging the brains and boots of several defenders before threading the ball back to Sanchez who stabbed the ball home . Barca 's fourth win of the season keeps them top of the table , level on points and goal difference with Atletico Madrid who completed a more comfortable 4-2 win over Almeria . In Saturday 's other La Liga fixture , Levante drew 0-0 with Real Sociedad . Meanwhile in Serie A , Inter Milan and Juventus dropped their first points of the season after drawing 1-1 . The stalemate at the San Siro opened the door for Napoli to sit alone at the top of the table , at least for 24 hours , after they beat Atalanta 2-0 at the Stadio San Paolo . Fiorentina can join Rafa Benitez 's side on nine points if they beat Cagliari on Sunday . AC Milan have a 2-2 draw with Torino to add to the loss and win they opened the season with . Saturday 's result leaves both teams with four points from three games .	Gareth Bale scores on debut for new club Real Madrid in 2-2 draw with Villarreal World 's most expensive footballer scores in the 38th minute of debut Barcelona keep 100 % record in league with dramatic win over Sevilla Joint leaders Atletico Madrid also maintain perfect start with 4-2 win against Almeria
CNN  -- Researchers have produced aerial photos of jungle dwellers who they say are among the few remaining peoples on Earth who have had no contact with the outside world . Taken from a small airplane , the photos show men outside thatched communal huts , necks craned upward , pointing bows toward the air in a remote corner of the Amazonian rainforest . The National Indian Foundation , a government agency in Brazil , published the photos Thursday on its Web site . It tracks "  uncontacted tribes " -- indigenous groups that are thought to have had no contact with outsiders -- and seeks to protect them from encroachment . More than 100 uncontacted tribes remain worldwide , and about half live in the remote reaches of the Amazonian rainforest in Peru or Brazil , near the recently photographed tribe , according to Survival International , a nonprofit group that advocates for the rights of indigenous people . "  All are in grave danger of being forced off their land , killed or decimated by new diseases , " the organization said Thursday . Illegal logging in Peru is threatening several uncontacted groups , pushing them over the border with Brazil and toward potential conflicts with about 500 uncontacted Indians living on the Brazilian side , Survival International said . Its director , Stephen Cory , said the new photographs highlight the need to protect uncontacted people from intrusion by the outside world . "  These pictures are further evidence that uncontacted tribes really do exist , " Cory said in a statement . "  The world needs to wake up to this , and ensure that their territory is protected in accordance with international law . Otherwise , they will soon be made extinct . " The photos released Thursday show men who look strong and healthy , the Brazilian government said . They and their relatives apparently live in six communal shelters known as malocas , according to the government , which has tracked at least four uncontacted groups in the region for the past 20 years . Watch a report on the tribe " The photos were taken during 20 hours of flights conducted between April 28 and May 2 .	The photos are published on the National Indian Foundation 's Web site Government : Men appear strong and healthy , live in communal shelters "  Uncontacted tribes " are thought to have had no contact with outsiders
For actor Harrison Ford , who is starring in a movie adaptation of Orson Scott Card 's heralded and popular novel "  Ender 's Game , " statements against same-sex marriage by the science-fiction author "  are not an issue for me . " At a Comic-Con news conference on Thursday , Ford responded to concerns that Card 's comments have overshadowed the production of the movie . The author of the 1985 novel professed his opposition to same-sex marriage in 2009 when he joined he board of the National Organization for Marriage , which opposes same-sex unions . Although Card released a statement declaring the same-sex marriage issue "  moot " after last month 's Supreme Court ruling striking down a key part of the Defense of Marriage Act , the film has continued to be plagued by controversy . Ford told reporters that while he fundamentally disagrees with the author 's stance , the film stands separate from the issue . "  I think none of Mr. Card 's concerns regarding the issues of gay marriage are part of the thematics of this film , " Ford said . "  He has written something that I think is of value to us all concerning moral responsibility . I think his views outside of those that we deal with in this film are not an issue for me to deal with and something I have really no opinion on . Comic-Con : What we ca n't wait to see "  I am aware of his statements admitting that the question of gay marriage is a battle that he lost and he admits that he lost it . I think we all know that we 've all won . That humanity has won . And I think that 's the end of the story . " For Ford , "  Ender 's Game " addresses its own social and political concerns . The film is set in the future , depicting a child military trained by the government to wage interplanetary war . Ford plays Col. Hyrum Graff , a military commander who trains the titular character of Ender Wiggin , played by Asa Butterfield . Even though the movie is set in a science fiction universe , Ford said he has found many contemporary comparisons to the moral concerns of the story . "  This movie is very prescient , and I think the novel was prescient in recognizing something that we now have as a reality in our lives , which is the ability to wage war at a distance , " Ford said . "  So the morality of that military commander and the military command structure , the morality of a society which raises a military and wages war are the moral concerns of this film and something we are wrestling with daily . "  The issue of interplanetary warfare is the science fiction aspect of it , but what gives it such emotional tone and reality is that these are the concerns of our everyday lives . "  Drone warfare and the capacity that we have technologically is one part of the moral package . The other is the use of young people in the business of war , which has always historically been the case . Our youngest and fittest of our cultures have always been the ones who are first in line for warfare . " Share your mini-interviews from Comic-Con Ford , who noted that it was particularly compelling to work with "  talented young actors " such as Butterfield and Hailee Steinfeld , as well as Sir Ben Kingsley , was also asked whether he found any comparison between Col. Graff and his famed "  Star Wars " character , Han Solo . "  Graff is a very complex character that 's charged with an awesome responsibility , " Ford said . "  The complex moral issues are part of Graff 's story . Ender does n't really face so much the issues of morality until the end of the film until he knows what 's happened to him . "  Graff is aware of his moral responsibilities all through his part of the story . I was just delighted to be involved in a film of such high ambition with such talented people . I think Graff is a much more complex character than Han Solo , which does n't mean that I regret Han Solo . " "  Ender 's Game " is scheduled to be released in theaters on November 1 . Summit , the film 's studio , released a new viral clip from the film Wednesday in honor of its presence at Comic-Con , and they also premiered a trailer for the film at the fan panel that followed the news conference .	Harrison Ford appeared at Comic-Con to discuss his new film "  Ender 's Game " The film is based on the award-winning 1985 novel by Orson Scott Card Card has generated attention for his comments against same-sex marriage Ford called his "  Ender 's Game " character "  more complex " than "  Star Wars " icon Han Solo
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A leader of the Sons of Iraq anti-al Qaeda group was killed Saturday when a bomb attached to his vehicle exploded , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . U.S. soldiers arrive on the scene of a suicide bombing Saturday in Kirkuk , Iraq . Two civilians were wounded in the explosion in southern Baghdad 's Dora district , the official said . The Sons of Iraq , or Awakening Councils , are mainly composed of former Sunni insurgents who turned against al Qaeda in Iraq . They are considered a major factor in the reduction of violence in Iraq over the past two years and are frequently targeted by al Qaeda . In other violence across Iraq on Saturday : • At least 19 people were wounded in a bombing at a coffee shop in Baquba , a security official in Diyala province said . The coffee shop is frequented by U.S.-backed anti-al Qaeda fighters . The explosion wounded 17 group members and two civilians , the official said . Baquba is about 35 miles north of Baghdad . • At least seven people , including three Iraqi Army soldiers , were wounded when a roadside bomb struck an army patrol in northern Baghdad 's Qahaira neighborhood , the Interior Ministry official said . • At least one police officer was killed and nine people -- seven police and two civilians -- were wounded when a suicide bomber detonated an explosive vest near a police academy in Kirkuk , according to a police official . Kirkuk is located in oil-rich northern Iraq , about 150 miles north of Baghdad . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	Bomb attached to vehicle kills a leader of Sons of Iraq Coffee shop frequented by al Qaeda in Iraq foes also bombed ; 19 wounded Roadside bomb aimed at Iraqi army patrol wounds at least seven Kirkuk suicide bomber kills police officer , wounds nine people
CNN  -- A court in Pakistan has banned former President Pervez Musharraf from politics for life . Tuesday 's move -- which can appealed by the controversial figure -- is another barrier in the roadblock Musharraf faces as he tries to get back into his country 's political mix . The ruling by the high court in Peshawar follows similar ruling from lower courts and the Election Commission . Musharraf can pursue an appeal in the Peshawar court or take it to the country 's Supreme Court . There was no immediate comment from Musharraf 's camp . National elections are scheduled for next month . Musharraf resigned as president of Pakistan in 2008 after nine years in power and went into exile the following year , living in London and Dubai . He came back to Pakistan recently under heavy security . After his return , Musharraf was placed in house arrest by an anti-terrorism court over allegations he illegally ordered the detention of judges in 2007 . He denies the charges against him . The ex-military strongman still has to face two other cases dating from his time in power . The first relates to claims he did not do enough to protect the life of Benazir Bhutto -- the first woman to be elected prime minister of Pakistan -- before she was assassinated in 2007 , weeks before an election in which she hoped to return to office . Musharraf is also accused of ordering his troops to kill Nawab Akbar Bugti , a popular tribal leader , in the volatile province of Balochistan , in 2006 .	The ruling by the high court in Peshawar follows similar rulings from lower courts Musharraf , who is accused of wrongdoing in office , can appeal He had been in exile before he returned to Pakistan recently Elections are to be held next month
Atlanta  CNN  Whitney Houston 's daughter , Bobbi Kristina Brown , is on a ventilator and in intensive care , after she was found facedown and unresponsive in a bathtub full of water , a source close to the family said . Brown , 21 , was placed in a medically induced coma and the status of her brain function wo n't be known until the sedatives are reduced , the source told CNN . "  It is going to be a waiting game , " said the source . Brown "  was not breathing " when a man identified as her husband found her Saturday morning inside her townhouse in the Atlanta suburb of Roswell , Georgia . He called 911 and performed CPR until public safety officers arrived and took over , said police spokeswoman Lisa Holland . The spokeswoman said when Brown was found , she was "  unresponsive , meaning not breathing , no heartbeat . " In scanner traffic , emergency services could be heard describing an "  ECHO-level response " -- urgent and life threatening -- with "  possible cardiac arrest . " "  Twenty-one-year-old female in the bathtub , facedown . PD 's  police department 's  en route . " Brown was taken to a local hospital , where "  she is still alive and breathing . Other than that , I do n't know her condition , " Holland said Saturday . Nobody knows what caused Brown 's unresponsiveness , Holland said , but police consider it a medical incident at this time . She said investigators had found nothing to indicate it was drug - or alcohol-related . Police had been to the residence recently . Somebody reported a fight there January 23 , but nobody answered the door and officers found no evidence of an altercation , Holland said . The police spokeswoman noted one oddity in the case : "  Her mother died in the very same manner . " Three years ago , Houston was found dead in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton on February 11 , hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammys bash . An autopsy later revealed that she 'd drowned facedown in "  extremely hot water " about 12 inches deep . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled it an accidental drowning with the "  effects of atherosclerotic heart disease and cocaine use " as contributing factors . Brown is her only child . "  She encourages me and inspires me , " Houston once said of her daughter . "  When I look at her eyes and I see myself , I go , ` OK . I can do this . I can do this . ' " Brown was born in 1993 during Houston 's marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown , which ended in divorce in 2007 . The daughter of music royalty became a public figure during the mid-2000s reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " in which she frequently appeared alongside her parents and often had a front-row seat to their marital fireworks . Bobby Brown requested privacy in a statement issued Sunday by his lawyer , who said that Brown was at the hospital with his daughter . "  Please allow for my family to deal with this matter and give my daughter the love and support she needs at this time , " Bobby Brown said . Mother and daughter performed together on national TV in 2009 , when the two sang "  My Love Is Your Love " in Central Park on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Given the pair 's close relationship , it 's no surprise that Houston 's death was a major blow . Days after her mother 's body was found , a grieving Bobbi Kristina -- then 18 -- was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center because she was "  overwhelmed , " family friend Kim Burrell said . "  She loves hard , " Burrell said then of Bobbi Kristina . "  She 's going to be OK , and we 're going to see to it . " Brown appeared on episodes of Lifetime 's brief reality show "  The Houstons : On Our Own , " which followed her life after Houston 's death . One of that reality show 's storylines revolved around Brown 's relationship with Nick Gordon , who lived with Houston and her daughter from the age of 12 . Months later , Brown reportedly got engaged to Gordon . And in January 2014 , she tweeted out a picture of wedding rings , presumably belonging to her and Gordon , along with the words , #HappilyMarried • SO #Inlove . " "  Houston  made me promise several times to look after Krissy ... and , Mom , I will never ever , ever break that promise , " Gordon told the entertainment show "  Extra " afterward , saying Houston "  just treated me like she gave birth to me . " It was unclear whether Gordon came home Saturday morning to find his wife in the bathtub or had been in another part of the house overnight , Holland said . Police have obtained a search warrant to look through the house , but that 's standard procedure , she said . Concern for Brown surged again after news broke . Music director Michael Bearden sent along "  healing energy to the daughter of a late great friend . " Songwriter Diane Warren tweeted , "  I hope Bobbi Kristina gets the help she needs . " "  Poor thing , " Warren wrote . "  Almost 3 yrs to the day her mom passed and the same thing almost happened to her . " CNN 's Lisa Respers France and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Whitney Houston 's daughter is said to be on a ventilator in intensive care She was found in a bathtub full of water Her mother died after being found in a tub at a California hotel in 2012
New York  CNN  -- Larisa Antypa was ready for her cruise in the Caribbean when news of the economic crisis in Greece , her home country , began to worsen . Antypa , a program coordinator for the Greek Cultural Center in Astoria , Queens , canceled her trip and decided that she would instead spend her vacation money in Greece . Like a growing number of her fellow expatriates , Antypa hopes to bolster the teetering Greek economy -- roiled again on Tuesday by a wave of violent protests and a countrywide strike against proposed austerity measures -- through tourism . It accounts for 15 % of the country 's jobs and 18 % of its GDP , according to the Greek Ministry of Culture and Tourism . "  I want to support Greece by spending my money there ; it 's very important when your country 's in trouble to do whatever you can , " Antypa said . "  I ask people why they 're going back , why they do n't go somewhere else , and they say , ` Now , Greece needs us . ' " Antypa said that more members of her community , largely motivated by pride of country , are vacationing in Greece than ever before . This perception was corroborated by Ted Spyropoulos , president of the U.S. chapter of the World Council of Hellenes Abroad , who said the number of Greek-Americans visiting home has surged and is expected to increase anywhere from 20 % to 30 % in 2011 from 2010 . "  Greeks  have an obligation to go because Greece needs the help right now , " said Spyropoulos , who added his organization has launched a campaign to encourage Greek-Americans to travel there . "  There 's been a call from outside that Greece needs help . " This year 's 10 % increase in income from American tourists , who spend three times more than the average traveler , was huge for Greece 's economic development , said Chris Petsilas , the director of the U.S. office of the Greek National Tourism Organization . Despite Greece 's debt crisis and crippling unemployment , Pestilas said tourism is booming . "  In crises , other tourists postpone their trips to our country ; this year , the Greek-Americans will come and they will bring all their friends , " Pestilas said . Pestilas added that the Greek government had encouraged tourism from Americans by loosening regulations on cruise ships , eliminating taxes for airlines and cutting fees for hotels . Still , for many Greek-Americans , attempts to visit Greece have been hamstrung by high airfare prices and a sputtering economy at home . "  It 's depressing and sad watching our country , which is dependent on tourists , " said George Kouvaras , owner of Piros custom furniture , who is not returning to Greece for the first time in several years . "  But there 's no money to go  and  the tickets are expensive , the euro is expensive , the hotels are expensive . " Paul Collaros , a member of the Pan-Icarian Brotherhood , agreed , saying he had to postpone his trip from Dyer , Indiana , to Greece . "  Everything 's become so expensive due to what 's going on , it 's making it even harder for Greek-Americans to make the trip , " Collaros said . But even if they can not return to visit , Greek-Americans say that their country never travels far from their thoughts . "  It 's scary ; it 's frightening ; it 's hurtful to wake up every day and watch and see the coverage of everything that 's going on in Greece . ... We ca n't help but feel bad that our brothers and sisters have to go through this , " said Antonis Diamataris , editor and publisher of a Greek newspaper , The National Herald . Like The Greek News , the Herald is urging its readership to visit Greece this summer . "  We can not save the Greek economy , raise 100 billion dollars , and give it to them , so what we can do is spend our money in Greece -- and hope and pray things will improve . "	Greece 's economy has been in economic crisis ; protests have roiled the nation Some Greek-Americans are putting their tourism dollars to work in home country One woman canceled her Caribbean cruise so she could go to Greece Greek government loosening regulations on cruise ships , eliminating taxes for airlines
CNN  -- You have burning questions , and we have burning answers  we really need to stop writing these columns by candlelight  . That 's why , this week , we decided to take a passel of queries from our friends , followers and readers . We received these queries via e-mail , Facebook and in-person conversations . We spunked up the wording a bit to keep you healthily entertained . Please excuse the myriad "  Call Me Maybe " references to come . We hate ourselves , too . So my friend recently posted about something really big in the news -- OK , how much he likes Carly Rae Jepsen 's "  Call Me Maybe , " but , hey , that 's big in MY world -- on Facebook . I saw this right before I was about to post something akin to , "  Carly Rae Jepsen is obviously one of the four horsemen of the Apocalypse . It 's only a matter of time until the Earth heaves its last metaphorical breath . " How can I create a post stating the exact opposite opinion to my friend 's without sounding like a total tool who is passive aggressively jabbing at him "  publicly " ? And how can I do this WITHOUT having to be overly disclaimer-ish , state caveats , water down my thoughts , etc. ? Although we often warn y' all not to post tool-y stuff on your Facebook Timeline , what it comes down to is this : Your Timeline is your canvas on which you can post anything you please , and no one can stop you from opening the proverbial floodgates  unless , of course , you 're violating Facebook 's Community Standards in some way . If you are merely -- by happenstance -- sharing your disdain for the artist behind what is frighteningly deemed "  the song of the summer "  can you tell that we share your derision ?  at the same instance that your pal is drooling all over it , by all means , go ahead and let loose . Only an overly sensitive  and paranoid  person would take a post on your Timeline about a  Canadian !  pop star as a direct affront to his taste . However , if you are seeking to directly counter his point of view via your epistle , maybe include your friend in the post via tag -- in a constructive way . For example : "  I am so not digging this jam . Why the eff is she throwing a wish in a well ? @Kyle Franklin , what about the song gets you going so ? " If your friend is cool , you might just inspire a pretty interesting dialogue . Still , a recent study showed that those who use Facebook as an outlet to get out all their gripes are basically the bane of their "  friends ' " existence , so maybe you better save the rants about the Bieb 's protÃ © gÃ © for next time you consume an entire bottle of wine at your buddy 's birthday party -- you know , before the tears start . Out of politeness , I 've accepted Facebook friend requests from any family members who have sent them . I did n't have the foresight to limit their ability to post on my wall , and now several of them -- namely an overzealous uncle and aunt -- have taken it over . What 's the least controversial way to get them to stop ? There are a lot of fiddly ways to limit who can see what on your Wall and who can respond and blah , blah , blah . Therefore , we can understand why you did n't safeguard your digital digs from your extended family . Luckily for you , there 's a quick fix : Each time you go to post a kitten video or an inspirational quote or lyric from "  Call Me Maybe "  You 're totally the friend in the first letter . Admit it .  on your Timeline , click on "  Friends , " right next to "  Post . " Scroll down to "  Custom , " and from there you can block specific people from seeing your Timeline post , and consequently littering it with inane comments . That should quell the tide of familial overfamiliarity for a while . In the meantime , maybe plan a visit or pick up the phone or something . It seems like your aunt and uncle miss you . Or are shut-ins . Either/or . Recently , a friend whom I see quite often sent me a Facebook message reading : "  I think we 're growing apart . " I 'm kind of appalled , considering we see each other every few weeks and e-mail and whatever a lot during the day -- also , Facebook message ? Are we 14 here ? Maybe he 's pissed because I finally have a girlfriend ? Who knows . Anyway , how do I answer this ? Via Facebook message ? E-mail ? Phone ? Carrier pigeon ? Wow , your friend is lame . Or just really , really cowardly . If -- with the knowledge that your friend is lame and cowardly -- you still want to keep the friendship alive and high-steppin ' , might we suggest , and this is crazy , pulling up his number and calling him maybe ?	Your Facebook Timeline is your canvas , our Netiquette columnists say For overzealous relatives on Facebook , limit ability to see your posts Calling can be better than a Facebook message for conflict
CNN  It 's like a plot line ripped from the scripts of "  The Walking Dead " -- if the show 's cast were made up of cats and took place in Florida . A Tampa , Florida , cat found seemingly dead after he was hit by a car showed up alive in a neighbor 's yard five days after he was buried . "  We have seen many amazing cases at our full-service veterinary clinic , but this situation may take the cake , " the Humane Society Tampa Bay , where the cat underwent surgery Tuesday , said in a release . Bart , or "  zombie cat " as the feline is now being referred to on social media , was discovered "  unresponsive " by his owner last week lying in a pool of blood . His body was cold and his face was severely disfigured . "  If we 'd seen that cat on the road , we 'd assumed he was dead , " Nash McCuthchen with the Humane Society told CNN . Bart 's owner , Ellis Hutson , along with the help of a neighbor , buried his beloved pet in his yard . Five days later , a different neighbor found Bart walking in her yard , after he seemingly clawed his way out of the grave . The neighbor returned the cat to Hutson , who called the Humane Society for help . Bart was in bad shape , McCutchen said , with maggots covering open wounds on his body , and he had difficulty walking . The cat was dehydrated , his left eye ruined . But remarkably , McCutchen said , the kitty had no internal injuries , making the Humane Society able to treat him . Bart had surgery Wednesday to remove his left eye and wire his jaw shut . "  He seems to be a little fighter , " McCutchen said . Despite all the trauma of getting hit by a car , being presumed dead and buried alive , McCutchen said Bart is a very friendly and affectionate cat . He loves to be petted and purrs at visitors , she said . Bart is expected to recover and could return to his owner as early as next week . Puppies ? It must be Super Bowl week	Cat that was presumed dead and buried by owner is found alive Bart is recovering from surgery to have his jaw wired shut and left eye removed The scrappy pet has been nicknamed "  zombie cat " on social media
London  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Andrew have met to discuss concerns that more revelations could surface about the prince 's friendship with Jeffrey Epstein , a U.S. financier who was sentenced to 18 months in prison in 2008 for soliciting a minor for prostitution , according to a royal source who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Prince Andrew 's office recently declined to comment when asked about the prince 's friendship with Epstein . Also called the Duke of York , Prince Andrew is Queen Elizabeth 's second son and the brother of Prince Charles , who is next in line to the throne . He also is the United Kingdom 's special representative for international trade and investment . The queen and Prince Andrew discussed Epstein , the royal source said , but details about their talk were not immediately available . The British government periodically reviews the prince 's position . The next meeting is scheduled to happen this summer . Some politicians and royal commentators have said that Prince Andrew is an embarrassment to Britain and the royal family . In leaked diplomatic documents published by WikiLeaks last year , the U.S. ambassador in the central Asian state of Kyrgyzstan , Tatiana Gfoeller , reportedly said that the prince -- during a business lunch in 2008 -- was "  astonishingly candid . The discussion at times verged on the rude  from the British side  . " The prince has not commented publicly on characterizations put forth in the leaked documents . " -LSB- Prince -RSB- Andrew has n't really done the royal family any favors , " said royal historian Christopher Warwick . "  As fourth in line to the throne , he is a senior member of the royal family . " "  All members of the royal family have an ambassadorial responsibility , particularly the senior members . Part of the royal remit is to take the monarchy abroad and wave the flag for Britain plc. . We have to recognize how immensely marvelous the queen is , she 's never put a foot wrong , " he added . CNN 's Thair Shaikh contributed to this report	Prince Andrew is friends with Jeffrey Epstein Epstein was sentenced to prison for soliciting a minor for prostitution , according to court documents Some say Prince Andrew is an embarrassment to the royal family
CNN  -- A group of Marines trained in crisis-rapid response are moving to a base in southern Italy due to concerns over continuing unrest in northern Africa , the Pentagon said Wednesday . "  We are doing this as a contingency because we believe the security situation in North Africa is deteriorating to a point where there could be threats , " Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren told reporters . "  They will be there until we are satisfied that there is a little bit less unrest in the region . " Just under 200 Marines from the Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response unit based in Moron , Spain , were moved to the Naval Air Station Sigonella in Sicily this week at the request of the State Department , according to Defense officials . "  This is part of our new normal , " Warren said , "  where we have added flexibility to combatant commanders and given them the ability to move forces around and have ready forces available in case of regional contingencies . " In addition to the Marines , there were two KC-130s and four MV-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft that were also part of the forward deployment to Signoella . While the focus of the mission is to be ready to react to the current threat environment emanating from northern Africa , the force would be ready to deploy to nearby Yemen where Yemeni forces are trying to dismantle the most lethal of al Qaeda 's affiliate groups . "  The focus is unquestionably the protection of embassies no question about it , but it 's a contingency force , " Warren told reporters . "  These are United States Marines capable of conducting any mission given to them . " Two American personnel assigned to the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa , Yemen , killed two armed militants last month who had attempted to kidnap them CNN reported earlier this week . There was also considerable criticism over the lack of any military rapid response leveled at the Obama administration following the September 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , in which four Americans were killed . The Pentagon says the move is unrelated to the operation underway in Nigeria to rescue more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped by the Islamic militant group Boko Haram . Officials continue to maintain there is no intention to put American forces inside Nigeria for the purposes of a rescue effort . The Marines deployed to Sicily are part of an approximate force of 800 based in Moron , and trained to mobilize quickly in response to a variety of crises in the region . The unit assisted in the evacuation of U.S. embassy personnel in South Sudan last year as the security situation in the country deteriorated .	Just under 200 Marines head to base in southern Italy The move is a contingency due to deteriorating security situation in North Africa It is not related to the kidnapping of schoolgirls by Boko Haram in Nigeria
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin Tuesday named Anton Siluanov as acting finance minister after the influential Alexei Kudrin was forced out of the position he had held since 2000 . Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov will expand his duties to include fiscal responsibilities in the government , Putin said at a meeting broadcast on state-run television . Putin said both decisions were approved by President Dmitry Medvedev , with whom Putin is set to swap roles next year . Medvedev signed an order dismissing Kudrin Monday , after a tiff stemming from a comment Kudrin is reported to have made in Washington last Saturday . Citing differences with the president , particularly related to defense spending , Kudrin said that he would not remain in a government led by Medvedev , Interfax said . The state-run RIA-Novosti news agency said Kudrin resigned . The announcement came shortly after Medvedev had given Kudrin , 50 , until the end of the day to decide whether to quit . Medvedev urged that Kudrin to "  make up his mind about his political future , " according to the non-governmental , Moscow-based Interfax news agency . Kudrin was unapologetic in a statement Tuesday . "  My statement about the fact that I do not see myself as a member of a 2012 Cabinet of ministers was well thought-out and balanced . " Under Kudrin 's tenure , Russia paid off most of its foreign debt and created oil wealth funds that helped the nation weather the global economic problems of recent years , RIA-Novosti said . Siluanov , 48 , has worked at the Finance Ministry for 26 years and is in charge of inter-budget relations and defense funding . But he has not been a public figure and few have heard his name . The finance shakeup comes as Putin , who served two terms as president from 2000 to 2008 , announced Saturday he plans to return next year to the presidency and trade roles with Medvedev by naming him prime minister . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Russia gets a new finance minister Anton Siluanov takes the post after Alexei Kudrin 's ouster Kudrin 's comments on defense spending did not sit well with Medvedev
Detroit , Michigan  CNN  -- Six men appeared in federal court Thursday , a day after they were arrested in raids targeting an African-American Muslim group that the FBI said sought to establish an Islamic state in the United States . Luqman Ameen Abdullah , the alleged leader of the African-American Muslim converts , was fatally shot during one of Wednesday 's raids in the Detroit area after he fired at law enforcement agents who were trying to arrest him and four other suspects . An FBI dog was also killed . Authorities say Abdullah was the imam at a Detroit mosque where he preached offensive jihad , including violence against the U.S. government and law enforcement . A criminal complaint states that he repeatedly told three confidential informants he would never be taken alive , saying "  If they 're coming to get me , I 'll just strap a bomb on and blow up everybody . " Abdullah was one of 11 men charged Tuesday with conspiracy to commit federal crimes , including theft from interstate shipments , mail fraud to obtain the proceeds of arson , illegal possession and sale of firearms , and tampering with motor vehicle identification numbers , the FBI said in a news release . Eight suspects were in custody , including one man already in prison on an unrelated charge and another man who was arrested on Wednesday and added to the charging sheet , U.S. Attorney spokeswoman Susan Plochinski said Thursday . An additional suspect was taken into custody in Canada on Thursday , an FBI statement said . Two men remain at large . Mujahid Carswell , aka Mujahid Abdullah , was taken into custody in Windsor , Ontario , Canada , by Canadian authorities Thursday afternoon , the FBI said . According to the federal criminal complaint , Carswell , 30 , is the eldest son of Abdullah , who was killed in the raid Wednesday . Canadian Border Patrol is holding him on immigration violations , the FBI said . Of the six suspects who appeared Thursday afternoon in court , Abdullah Beard was ordered held without bail ; and Muhammad Abdul Salaam 's bail decision was delayed , as was that for Gary Laverne Porter , a 38-year teacher who was arrested at an area school . Ali Abdul Raqib was given a $ 10,000 unsecured bond ; Abdul Saboor was given a $ 100,000 bond , despite a prosecution request that he be held without bond . Another man , Acie Pusha , who was arrested Wednesday , was described by the prosecutor as "  minimally involved " and given a $ 10,000 bond . The FBI criminal complaint says the group held target practice in a mosque basement , blowing holes in concrete walls . It includes references to possible attacks on the government , including Detroit 's federal building and the FBI . There is also discussion about causing trouble at the 2006 Super Bowl in Detroit . But the men were not arrested for any of that . Two law enforcement sources said the information about possible attacks was included in the charging document to add "  context for the crimes they 're charged with , the purpose of the group . " "  They had to earn money for their mosque and the Ummah , " one of the sources said . "  And the purpose of Ummah was to set up a separatist state . " Ummah refers to the nationwide group to which the suspects belonged , according to the complaint . It 's a group made up of mostly African-American members , including some who converted to Islam while in prison . Ummah is led by Jamil Abdullah al-Amin -- formerly known as H. Rap Brown -- a 1960s radical and former member of the Black Panthers who once said "  violence was as American as cherry pie . " He is serving a life sentence in Colorado 's Supermax prison for killing two Georgia police officers . Andrew Arena , the FBI special agent in charge of the investigation , contacted local imams and civil rights leaders in Detroit during Wednesday 's operation "  to bridge any gaps that could possible come over this , " FBI spokeswoman Sandra Berchtold said . "  He 'd rather they hear it from him , " she added . "  We have a good relationship with the community and we want to keep it that way . " In the 43-page criminal complaint filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Michigan and unsealed Wednesday , authorities said the arrests were made based on information gleaned from confidential sources identified only as S-1 , S-2 and S-3 . "  S-1 heard Abdullah encourage his followers to ` pick up guns and do something ' rather than try to achieve their goals through peaceful means , " the complaint said . S-2 recorded a conversation on December 12 , 2007 , in which Abdullah said , "  I got some soldiers with me , so it 's not like I , I do n't have , you know , nothing . Brothers that I know would , you know , if I say ` Let 's go , we going to go and do something , ' they would do it , " the complaint said . S-3 said that , on March 21 , 2008 , Luqman Abdullah told him "  that the FBI is the enemy of Islam , " the complaint said . The other men charged were identified as : • Mohammad Abdul Bassir , aka Franklin D. Roosevelt Williams . He is serving a prison term at Ojibway Correctional Facility in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula . • Mujahid Carswell . • Mohammad Philistine . • Yassir Ali Khan . • Adam Hussain Ibraheem . Acie Pusha was arrested on Wednesday and added to the charging sheet , Plochinski said Thursday . She would not provide details about the charges against Pusha . The two charged but still at large are Philistine , also known as Mohammad Alsahi , a 33-year-old resident of Ontario ; and Khan , 30 , who is believed to be a resident of Ontario and Warren , Michigan . All of the defendants "  are members of a group that is alleged to have engaged in violent activity over a period of many years , and known to be armed , " the FBI said . The complaint was filed by the FBI 's counter-terrorism squad in the Eastern District of Michigan . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty and Ross Levitt contributed to this story .	NEW : Six appear in federal court Thursday , a day after they were arrested in raids Alleged group leader was fatally shot Wednesday after firing at law enforcement agents FBI says men were members of Ummah , led by former H. Rap Brown Law enforcement sources say Ummah seeks to set up Islamic state in U.S.
CNN  France 's Muslims warn of a growing anti-Islam backlash as the country slowly comes to terms with last week 's deadly attacks on Charlie Hebdo magazine and a Jewish supermarket . Groups representing French Muslims have urged authorities to step in to protect them in the same way as they have boosted security around Jewish sites . "  All Muslim organizations in France are concerned about the numerous anti-Muslim acts seen in the past few days and call on the authorities to be vigilant to ensure the security of mosques , " said Dalil Boubakeur , rector of the Great Mosque of Paris and president of the French Council of the Muslim Faith . Prime Minister Manuel Valls told CNN 's French affiliate BFMTV on Monday that a number of mosques had been attacked in recent days , with shots being fired in some cases . In other instances , religious buildings have been set on fire , a pig 's head has been stuck to a prayer room door and messages of hate have been sprayed on walls , according to French media reports . Valls said the thousands of extra police and soldiers deployed to ensure national security since Wednesday 's attack on Charlie Hebdo would watch over mosques as well as Jewish schools and synagogues . After attacks , 7 questions being asked about Islam France is at war against terrorism , not Islam or Muslims , Valls told the French Parliament on Tuesday . France will protect all its citizens , with determination and calmness , he said . The Union of Islamic Organizations in France , or UOIF , urged the French authorities to take all the necessary steps to protect Muslims and mosques as it rejected any link with terrorists . The group said there have been more than 50 anti-Muslim incidents , including reports of shootings and threats . French Muslims are worried and hoping for a rapid return to calm , it said . Security has been increased at Muslim sites . "  Terrorism and crime have no religion , " the group said in a statement . "  The UOIF absolutely refuses that Muslims and their places of worship should be implicated or targeted for terrorist excesses which are only down to their authors . " The three terrorists who carried out last week 's attacks , killing 17 people in the course of three days of fear , have been linked to the Islamist extremist groups ISIS and al Qaeda . Two of them , brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi , who stormed the offices of Charlie Hebdo , said they were acting to avenge the Prophet Mohammed . The magazine has previously published controversial images of the prophet -- seen as blasphemy by Muslims -- and it 's been revealed that the cover of the new edition to be published Wednesday , drawn by the attack survivors , will again feature a cartoon of Mohammed . With some 3 million copies set to be distributed , there 's scope for an angry reaction from those who see it as deeply offensive . But in his statement , Boubakeur urged the Muslim community to "  remain calm " and avoid an emotional reaction , "  all the while respecting the freedom of opinion . " Many French Muslims turned out in Paris and elsewhere for huge national unity marches Sunday , keen to show they shared in the nation 's horror and grief at the events of last week . Some held placards saying "  Je suis juif , " or I am Jewish , " as a sign of solidarity with the four Jewish people killed in the supermarket attack , picking up on the widely embraced slogan , "  Je suis Charlie . " One young Muslim woman named Amina , who held a sign declaring both statements as she marched , told CNN that the killings were not down to religion . "  It is very important for me because , as you can see , Jews and Muslims should n't be enemies and they should refuse to be enemies , " she said . As a Muslim , Amina said , she had cried when she learned that so many people had been killed . "  Here in France it is very , very , very difficult to live when you are Muslim because they always think you are a terrorist . And when I heard that again , Muslims killed people because they were not OK with what they said , I was totally ashamed and I was very sad , " she said . One of the 12 victims in the Charlie Hebdo attack was police officer Ahmed Merabet , a French Muslim of Algerian descent . At a national ceremony in Paris , French President François Hollande eulogized him alongside two other slain officers , Franck Brinsolaro and Clarissa Jean-Philippe , awarding each the Legion d'Honneur  National Order of Merit . Merabet 's brother , Malek , told reporters that Ahmed had been proud of his name , proud to be a police officer and proud to defend the values of the French republic . "  He was killed by false Muslims , " said Malek Merabet , warning of the dangers of a wider backlash against those who share his faith . "  I address myself now to all the racists , Islamophobes and anti-Semites , " he said . "  One must not confuse extremists with Muslims . Mad people have neither color or religion . "  I want to make another point : Do n't tar everybody with the same brush , do n't burn mosques -- or synagogues . You are attacking people . It wo n't bring our dead back , and it wo n't appease the families . " Bergen : Does Islam fuel terrorism ? CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Alexander Felton and Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	A group reports more than 50 anti-Muslim incidents , including shootings , threats French Muslims call for authorities to act as mosques are attacked with shots , graffiti Leading Muslim cleric urges calm ahead of publication of new Charlie Hebdo issue
In May 2013 , authorities in Myanmar 's Rakhine state issued a directive placing a two-child limit on Rohingya couples in two predominately Muslim townships in the region -- in blatant disregard of the recommendations of a commission set up to investigate the recent violence between Muslims and Buddhists in western Myanmar . As political reforms slowly took hold in Myanmar following years under the rule of the military junta , longstanding tensions exploded into sectarian violence in Rakhine in 2012 , instigated by Rakhine Buddhists against Rohingya Muslims . Hostility toward the Rohingya has deep roots , fueled by prejudicial and competing notions of the role of race and religion in Myanmar 's national identity . Successive regimes and Myanmar society at large perceive the Rohingya as a product of recent migration and Islamic expansion from overpopulated Bangladesh . Antagonism towards Islam has lately spiraled into anti-Muslim strife in other parts of the country . During military rule , the Rohingya were subject to a gradual process of marginalization and exclusion through discriminatory policies and restrictions , particularly in Northern Rakhine State . Denial of citizenship has legitimized arbitrary treatment against them and exacerbated hatred . The two-child policy emerged from this context and from local orders issued by the NaSaKa and other local authorities since the early 1990s . The NaSaKa , established as a border security force in December 1992 , was tasked , among other things , with controlling Rohingya population growth . Restrictions on movement and regular population checks were imposed to prevent imaginary infiltrations from Bangladesh , while regulating marriages and family size aimed at curbing birth rate from within . Q&A : What 's behind violence ? In January 1994 , the NaSaKa introduced a local order requiring official permission to marry , contradicting customary marriage practice . This order later included penalties for non-compliance . In practice , marriage authorizations can take up to several years to obtain and are only granted against the payment of bribes . Infringement such as cohabitation or sexual contact out of wedlock can result in up to 10 years ' imprisonment . Currently , 535 Rohingya men are serving sentences for unauthorized marriages in Buthidaung Jail , according to research by the Arakan Project . To avoid prosecution , many young women resort to induced and illegal abortion . Local orders limiting the number of children for newly married couples were first issued by township administrations in Maungdaw and Buthidaung in April 2005 . They imposed stringent conditions for applying for marriage permission and added that "  Those permitted to marry according to this Order should control the birth rate and limit the number of children for livelihood sufficiency . " The number of children was not specified . However , the limitation was enforced when newly-married couples were asked to sign a declaration . Initially , the pledge was no more than three children , reduced to two children in 2007 . Consequently , Rohingya women giving birth to a third child are unable to register the newborn and could be prosecuted under Section 188 of the Penal Code for disobeying orders from a civil servant , which carries a prison sentence of up to 6 months . Most often , they become victims of never-ending extortion by local authorities . The Rakhine Investigation Commission estimated that 60,000 Rohingya children are currently unregistered , born out of unauthorized as well as authorized marriages . Some parents are too poor to cover travel expenses and bribes for birth registration , or experience administrative hurdles . An absent father precludes the mother from registering her baby , or the newborn is above the permissible number of births . Unregistered children are not recorded in the family list as they do not exist administratively . They will not be issued with a temporary ID card and will thus be unable to attend school , to apply for travel permits or ultimately to marry . The Commission report cites high birth rates among Rohingya as a key factor of insecurity among Rakhine . It recommends family planning education to mitigate these concerns but stresses that authorities should refrain from implementing forcible birth control measures . Lack of awareness but also poor access to family planning is prevalent , particularly in rural areas where reproductive health services are often unavailable . Elsewhere , a growing number of Rohingya families have actually adopted birth spacing methods . This Rakhine State Government directive also violates Myanmar 's international obligations under the Convention for the Elimination of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child . In a speech on May 6 , President Thein Sein pledged that his government would ensure the basic rights of Muslims in Rakhine State , enforce the rule of law and "  provide genuine and decisive leadership in resolving the conflict . " Leading pro-democracy activist and lawmaker Aung San Suu Kyi also condemned the two-child restriction on Rohingya couples as "  discrimination not in line with human rights . " Following international outrage , Ye Htut , the President 's spokesperson , timidly responded that the government is re-examining this order . Thein Sein 's words must urgently be translated into action and he should immediately repeal the two-child policy and other discriminatory orders against the Rohingya . If left unchallenged , more directives will be issued that could trigger renewed violence . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion .	Two-child limit placed on Rohingya couples in two predominately Muslim townships Comes amid ongoing sectarian violence instigated by Rakhine Buddhists against Rohingya Muslims Antagonism towards Islam has lately spiraled into anti-Muslim strife in other parts of Myanmar Aung San Suu Kyi : two-child restriction is "  discrimination not in line with human rights "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG Live asked Michael Jackson 's estate to repay the concert promoter $ 300,000 for Dr. Conrad Murray 's fee three weeks after Jackson 's death , court testimony revealed Monday . The revelation contradicts AEG Live 's defense that it did not hire or pay the doctor convicted in Jackson 's death . "  To me , it 's a mistake , " AEG Live Senor Vice President and General Counsel Shawn Trell said when confronted with a letter sent to Jackson 's estate . Trell , testifying Monday in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial , also said his company 's chief financial officer made another major error by classifying Dr. Murray 's fees as "  production costs " and not "  advances " in all of the budgets for Jackson 's "  This It It " tour . "  Mistakenly , yes , " Trell said . Despite these "  mistakes , " Trell called the CFO "  a very detailed-oriented guy . " Jackson 's mother and children are suing AEG Live , contending the concert promoter is liable in the singer 's death because its executives negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . The promoters ignored a series of red flags that should have warned them Jackson was in danger as he was pressured to get ready for his comeback concerts , the Jackson lawsuit claims . AEG Live lawyers counter that it was Jackson who chose , hired and supervised Murray , and that he was responsible for his own bad decisions . Its executives could not be expected to know Murray was using the surgical anesthetic propofol , the drug the coroner ruled killed Jackson , to treat his insomnia , they argue . Testimony from Trell -- and , earlier , AEG LIve controller Julie Hollander -- showed the company 's budgets included $ 1.5 million to pay Murray $ 150,000 a month . The budget terminology could be key in the jury 's decision on AEG 's liability , since production costs were the promoter 's responsibility , while advances were basically loans to Jackson . The revelation that the doctor 's fees were designated as production contradicts the defense that AEG lead lawyer Marvin Putnam shared with CNN before the trial . AEG Live 's role with Murray was only to "  forward " money owed to him by Jackson , just as a patient would use his "  MasterCard , " Putnam said . "  If you go to your doctor and you pay with a credit card , obviously , MasterCard in that instance , depending on your credit card , is providing the money to that doctor for services until you pay it back . Now , are you telling them MasterCard in some measure in that instance , did MasterCard hire the doctor or did you ? Well , clearly you did . I think the analogy works in this instance . " Jackson manager 's e-mails found , could be key in AEG trial The doctor signed the contract prepared by AEG lawyers and sent it back to the company a day before Jackson 's death . The company argues it was not an executed contract because their executives and Michael Jackson never signed it . The Jackson lawyers argue that e-mails , budget documents and the fact that the doctor was already working for two months showed a binding agreement between AEG and Murray . Panish , speaking outside of the courtroom Friday , said he would also ask Trell about AEG 's insurance claim , which he said his team recently discovered was filed with Lloyds of London on June 25 , 2009 , hours after Jackson was pronounced dead at UCLA Medical Center . That revelation may not relate to the heart of the wrongful death lawsuit against Michael Jackson 's last concert promoter , but Jackson lawyers hope it could sway jurors to see AEG Live executives as motivated by money over the pop icon 's needs . Wade Robson calls Michael Jackson ' a pedophile ' A Lloyds of London underwriter later sued AEG , claiming the company failed to disclose information about the pop star 's health and drug use . AEG dropped its claim for a $ 17.5 million insurance policy last year . Choreographer : AEG considered pulling plug on comeback Jackson lawyers played video testimony of one of AEG 's own expert witnesses Friday -- 25-year veteran tour manager Marty Hom . The opinion Hom submitted for AEG concluded he saw no red flags that should have alerted the promoter that something was wrong with Murray . He was asked if AEG Live should have realized something was wrong when Murray initially asked for $ 5 million a year to work as Jackson 's personal physician . "  That raised a red flag because of the enormous sum of money , " Hom testified . Hom acknowledged he had not seen many of the documents and depositions in the case , and AEG was considering him for a job as the Rolling Stones tour manager at the same time he was asked to testify . Witness : ` Everybody was lying ' after Jackson died	NEW : AEG Live exec says listing doctor 's fees as "  production costs " was a mistake NEW : AEG Live asked Jackson estate to repay $ 300,000 for the doctor AEG Live 's controller confirms company budgeted $ 1.5 million for Michael Jackson 's doctor An AEG expert testifies it should have been "  a red flag " when Murray asked for $ 5 million
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- The death toll from flooding in southern Brazil continued to climb Wednesday , with officials reporting at least 86 dead , the state news agency said . About 30 people are missing , the official news agency Agencia Brasil said , citing civil defense officials . Earlier reports had indicated as many as 100 people were dead . In addition , more than 54,000 residents have been left homeless , and another 1.5 million have been affected by the heavy rains , the state news agency reported . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva announced he will release nearly 700 million reais  $ 350 million  on Wednesday , Agencia Brasil said . About 50 federal police are being dispatched to Santa Catarina state , where most of the deaths and damage have occurred , Agencia Brasil said . The authorities will help look for victims and provide security for local businesses . Military police reported that four grocery stores were looted this week in the Santa Catarina city of Itajai , the news agency said . The rain-fueled flooding resulted in a declaration of public calamity in six municipalities -- Gaspar , Rio dos Cedros , Nova Trento , Camboriu , Benedito Novo and Pomerode , Agencia Brasil reported . Another seven municipalities have declared states of emergency -- Balneário de Piçarras , Canelinha , Indaial , Penha , Paulo Lopes , Presidente Getúlio and Rancho Queimado , the news agency reported . Eight communities are cut off from the rest of the nation and have no water and electricity , Civil Defense officials said . The flooding has blocked more than 20 roads , and emergency supplies of food , water and coats are being brought in by helicopter . Health Minister Jose Gomes Temporao was scheduled to tour the affected areas Wednesday to meet with Santa Catarina Gov. Luiz Henrique da Silveira and announce emergency measures . The governor has called the situation the worst catastrophe in the state 's history . Complicating matters , the flooding also ruptured a pipeline carrying gas between Brazil and Bolivia on Sunday night , interrupting the flow of gas in part of the country 's southern region , Agencia Brasil said . Heavy rains have brought flooding to many parts of Central and South America . In Colombia , at least 34 people have died , and another eight are missing , officials said . About 50,000 people suffered damage to their property in northwestern Colombia after the Cauca River overflowed following heavy rains . The Cauca -- a tributary of the Magdalena River , the largest in Colombia -- broke through its levees Tuesday and flooded the town of Nechi , in the province of Antioquia , about 248 miles  400 kilometers  north of Bogota . In Panama , rains have caused damage in the provinces of Bocas del Toro , Chiriqui and Colon . The Panamanian Red Cross said in a release Tuesday it is offering aid to about 5,000 people . Journalist Fabiana Frayssinet in Brazil and Fernando Ramos in Colombia contributed to this report .	More than 54,000 have been left homeless , state news agency says At least 86 dead , 30 missing in southern Brazil , reports say Most of deaths and damage have been in Santa Catarina state Flooding also has caused damage in Colombia , Panama
London , England  CNN  -- When conductor Marin Alsop stepped into a packed auditorium at London 's Royal Albert Hall , she became the first woman to stand atop the podium on the Last Night of the Proms ' -- a first in the event 's 118-year history . Closing Britain 's prestigious summer-long concert series is no small feat . During the eight-week run , thousands of music lovers flock to the Proms each night to hear performances from the world 's most renowned orchestras . Though the honor is not lost on the 56-year-old Baltimore native , she 's far from impressed by the slow progress of achieving gender equality inside the concert hall . Read : ` Slumdog ' star : Empowering girls "  It 's really shocking that it 's 2013 and there are still ` firsts ' for women , " Alsop says . Still , she believes her historic appointment provides an ideal opportunity to hold a broader discussion about inequality and help the next generation . Sporting a striking red suit , she exudes an unflappable sense of confidence when we first meet in the lounge of her swanky London hotel just a few weeks before the big performance . "  We sort of pat ourselves on the back in our developed countries , ticking off that equality box ... but when you look to young girls being shot for going to school -LSB- like Malala -RSB- this is unacceptable . "  If we do n't speak out now about this kind of inequality , the inequality in our own societies continues and we have to keep discussing it and keep bringing it to everyone 's attention , " she explains . Her mood shifts from serious to excitement when she reflects on the moment Proms director Roger Wright first asked her to conduct the final night . "  The ` first woman ' thing was missing for me , " she admits . " -LSB- Wright -RSB- said , ` You know it will be a historic evening because you 'll be the first woman . ' And I said , ` No , you 've got to be kidding . ' " Fast-forward a year and her appointment to close the Proms has received copious amounts of press attention in the UK and abroad . But with so few well-known leading female conductors in the classical world , an ever-constant sexism row looms just off stage . Most recently , Russian conductor Vasily Petrenko comments sparked outrage when he told Norwegian newspaper Afterposten that "  Men make better conductors . " Petrenko , the principal conductor of the UK 's National Youth Orchestra and Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra went further saying a "  sweet girl on the podium can make one 's thoughts drift towards something else " while suggesting that "  when women have families it is difficult to be as dedicated as is required in this business . " Petrenko has since clarified that he was referring to the classical music landscape in Russia and that he was misrepresented , according to reports from the London Evening Standard . Despite the latest incident , Alsop says that things are slowly getting better for women in the industry . "  I certainly think the landscape is more welcoming . But the question as to whether that will translate into more women on the top podiums of the world with the major orchestras , I have no idea . " Born into a family of musicians , Alsop says she was always destined for a career in the arts . Her parents started her on the piano at 2 years old . Just four years later , she graduated to the violin . But it was n't until age 9 when she witnessed a performance by famed American conductor and composer Leonard Bernstein that she realized her true calling -- to become a conductor . Follow CNN Leading Women on Twitter She would go on to study her bachelor 's and master 's degrees in violin at Yale University and at The Julliard School , respectively . Later , Alsop developed as a conductor under Bernstein , her mentor . As the first woman to lead a major U.S. orchestra , to this day , Alsop credits her mentor for teaching her "  to put the music first . " Amongst her many achievements , she has been with the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra as music director since 2007 . As for her international work , she 's led London 's Royal Philharmonic , the Royal Scottish National Orchestra and since last year , the Sao Paulo State Symphony Orchestra for which she is now the principal conductor . "  I wanted to be a conductor when I was nine ... it seems like overnight success but it was at least a decade of really hard work . Not dreaming that it could be a reality , that this could be my career and my life , " she says . Alsop remains the only conductor ever to have received the illustrious MacArthur Fellowship -- also known as the "  genius grant " -- which is presented to U.S. residents in recognition of continued creative merit . With education and youth empowerment close to the American conductor 's heart , she initiated a slew of programs over the years . Most notably , she started a fellowship for young female conductors in 2002 , with three previous winners going on to become music directors themselves . Read : Space archaeologist reveals lost cities In a bid to give back to her local community , Alsop launched the "  OrchKids " initiative in 2008 , which aims to provide "  music education , instruments , meals and mentorship " for young people in Baltimore . For now , Alsop is focused intensely on the Last Night of the Proms when she will be conducting the BBC Symphony Orchestra and Chorus in a program that highlights Wagner , Verdi and Britten , in addition to compositions from Bernstein . "  I 'm bringing some music of my mentor and teacher Bernstein . There 's some American music ... I think there are qualities about being American that I hope I can bring to the situation , " she says . "  It 's like presiding over the biggest party in the country and that 's a nice role to have . "	Conductor Marin Alsop is the first woman to preside over the Last Night of the Proms "  It 's really shocking that it 's 2013 and there are still ` firsts ' for women , " Alsop says In 2008 , launched "  OrchKids " which provides music education and mentorship for youngsters
CNN  -- A gunman opened fire Friday in a Connecticut elementary school , killing 26 people , 20 of them children , police said . It was one of the deadliest school shootings in U.S. history . Readers posted more than 2,000 comments in response to questions we asked them in a story examining immediate shock and anger surrounding the incident . They looked at what problems might be involved and how society might go about solving them . Here are 10 of the most popular suggestions . 1 . Strengthen gun laws A lot of the posts were related to guns . "  When are you going to wake up and realize that you need to restrict the use of guns in your country ? " asked Emma Mitchell . Commenter Susan Chapman suggested changing the idea of a "  right to bear arms " to a "  privilege to bear arms . " She said she believes responsible gun owners will appreciate ground rules . "  Privileges have to be earned , they are n't a given , " she said . "  Prove that you are mentally stable and have a reasonable need to own a gun . Make gun owners undergo mandatory training ; locking up your gun , loading and unloading safely , storing bullets separately , practices that make gun ownership safer . Give police powers of inspection - checking gun safes , safe storage , training . No one can buy a gun without a training certificate in addition to background checks . No Internet sales of guns or ammunition and no walking out with the gun the same day . " Robb1371 suggested cracking down on gun crimes . "  If you have been already convicted of a gun crime , the second time around , throw the book at them . Repeat offenders need to be locked up a very very long time . " 2 . Keep gun regulations the same or relax them Some said expecting people to give up gun use is unrealistic . "  There will never be a way to get rid of guns in this country , " LostinSLC1969 said . "  Honestly I think it would come down to a civil war if that really was pushed hard . All we can do is find a way to help stop and prevent the violence from happening . Look for the signs that cause people like this to do this and work for ways on prevention . " Another reader said it 's difficult to regulate guns . "  There are countless gun laws on the books already and any additional ones will only serve to keep honest people honest , " said Independent4sure . "  Criminals are criminals because they have no regard for the law and could care less whether guns are banned or not . Your logic is rather simplistic or just plain ignorant and it 's sad that others seem to agree with you . " 3 . Arm the schools A user called Censor Til Sin said it might be a good idea to have armed people in schools just in case . "  These shootings are happening in Gun Free Zones , " the commenter said . "  The shooters know that the people there will have no way of defending themselves and that is why these tragedies are happening in these zones . We need to give the teacher 's defense so it will discourage these psychopaths from shooting there . There is great evidence that greater gun control means more gun violence  because the bad guys still get guns and they know the good guys are unarmed  . " But Brandon Butler disagreed . "  Look , " he wrote , "  Are you seriously saying teachers should start having guns in elementary schools ? Then what if a teacher has a bad day ? Come on , this is irresponsible reasoning ! If this man was n't able to get his hands on a gun , he either would have used a knife and probably not killed a single person , or he would have given up on the entire plan and just committed suicide . " 4 . Improve school security To better prevent future crimes , some readers like Katz advocated defensive measures . "  Though I am for stricter gun control for automatic weapons , I think we should have stricter security in schools , no matter how nice and safe an area seems to be , " Katz said . "  Let 's get some metal detectors or something , and require every person to go through the security checks , even if the staff knows them . Especially since , as this case proves , many people who commit these crimes are not just random strangers . " This person compared schools to airports . "  I think schools should have security entrances with armed guards and metal detectors similar to courthouses and airports , " said Scm . "  It is no longer acceptable for it to be harder to get on a plane than it is to walk into a school . " 5 . Cut down on violence in the media Some readers were concerned that fictional violence might be having real-world effects . "  If they want to ban guns , why not ban them in movies , television , and video games ? " asked reader Bill Smells . "  Why do we allow the media and entertainment industries to glorify weapons and killings ? If we 're going to start regulating and banning weapons , why not start by aggressively banning and preventing the abuse of weapons in media . " "  Why do we allow our children and young adults to buy video games that put them in the position of being rewarded for shooting and killing other players ? I think it 's time Hollywood enact their own self-imposed ban on using weapons in any films or television productions . This would definitely reduce all kinds of violence . So why have n't they taken this bold and progressive step yet ? " 6 . Improve mental health care A commenter named brocore was one of many readers who said the issue stretched far beyond weapons and into the people who commit crimes . "  Pushing the blame onto guns diverts it from where the real need is : better , more comprehensive mental health services and facilities ; addressing these issues in their infancy when they 're first manifesting in childhood or puberty instead of assuming ` it 's just a phase ' or ` they 'll grow out of it ; ' not kowtowing to drug manufacturers by prescribing anti-depressants or whatever at the first sign of trouble ; getting people to understand that they wo n't be punished or cast out or labeled weird for seeking help . " 7 . Think about the families , not the shooter "  Quit sensationalizing the tragedy , " wrote a reader named Stupify in what ended up being the most-liked comment . It was a list of five suggestions mainly asking for the perpetrator to be be ignored in favor of a focus on the family . "  Never mention the perpetrator 's name ; let them die in an anonymity , " the commenter wrote , adding , "  Focus only on helping the families of the tragedy . " The post also expressed skepticism about attempts to control weapons : "  Bad people will do bad things . The only real control one can hope for is taking away whatever motivation or reward the person has for doing them , and even then , they may try . " 8 . Focus on parenting A commenter named Joe Gesa responded to Stupify 's comment and said that young people are being affected by our culture and need better preparation for the challenges of life . "  We have raised an entire generation on the theory that we must protect their self-esteem at all costs , " Gesa said . "  Then , while mom and dad had better things to do , we sat them in front of Grand Theft Auto and completely desensitized them to violence . So , if we stop shielding kids from every possible disappointment in life , so that when they face one , they are prepared for it ; if we take the XBox away once in awhile ; and if we actually talk to our kids occasionally , we might prevent some of this crap . " Another reader said children need to be taught how to love other humans . "  Utopian futures , while nice to think about , are unattainable , " said user Kandric . "  Humans -- by their very nature -- are chaotic and violent . The best way to reduce violent outbreaks is by teaching our children kindness , empathy and love . Take the time to be a parent . Sure , more gun control will also help , but only marginally . The real problem is the parenting , rather lack thereof . " 9 . Bolster kids ' social skills Autumn Boyer said it seems like the young people of "  generation Y "  sometimes also called "  milennials "  are living their lives on screens . Kids are playing video games and relying on social media instead of communicating face-to-face , Boyer said , and pronouns are embedded in product names . The point : Concentrating too much on technology and the self harms the ability to understand others ' emotions . "  Society and the media program gen Y and the upcoming Google generation that ` it 's all about you '  i.e. iPods , MySpace , YouTube , Wii , etc  , meanwhile , our kids are not developing critical communication and coping skills , and are stunted socially , psychosocially and/or emotionally due to being ` detached ' and ` disconnected ' from each other by living life through the virtual world  rather than the real world  of screens . " 10 . Watch out for one another User brocore said society is most responsible of all , and especially having "  empathy for every side . " "  We can immediately label the shooter an insect or whatever pejorative you prefer , but that does n't help , " they said . "  You ca n't fix the problem by casting these people out as an other . They 're us , and we 're them . " 11 . What else can we do ? It 's your turn to speak . Would you like to propose your own solution , or do you have a story to tell us about preventing violence in schools ? Post a comment below or share your story on CNN iReport . Complete coverage : Connecticut school shooting	Shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , gets readers talking about ways to prevent incidents Many debate whether guns should be more or less available Security , mental health , parenting and violence in media also come up . Share your ideas
CNN  -- Luci Baines Johnson , the younger of the late President Lyndon Baines Johnson 's daughters , has been hospitalized at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota , according to a former member of Johnson 's staff . Luci Johnson , 62 , was first taken to the Seton Medical Center in Austin , Texas , on Wednesday after complaining of extreme weakness in all her extremities , said Tom Johnson , who worked for the Johnson administration and later served as president of CNN in the 1990s . Doctors there recommended that she be treated at the Mayo Clinic for what physicians believe is Guillain-Barre syndrome , Johnson said . It 's an autoimmune disorder affecting the nervous system . The president 's other daughter , Lynda Bird Johnson Robb , was at the facility with her sister . Luci Johnson 's husband , Ian Turpin , and other relatives also were there . Luci Johnson had been in excellent health with no prior medical issues of this nature , Tom Johnson said .	Spokesman : Johnson first was admitted to a Texas hospital on Wednesday Doctors believed she may have an autoimmune disorder affecting the nervous system She was sent to the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota for treatment , Tom Johnson said CNN Health Library : Guillain-Barre syndrome
CNN  -- New York Yankees superstar Alex Rodriguez denies any plea negotiations with Major League Baseball for alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs , he told CNN 's Jason Carroll this week . "  Well , I do n't think there 's anything that 's going on right now , and that 's as far as I 'm going to take it , " Rodriguez said . "  I think it 's important that we have a process . I think we have a good system with Major League Baseball . And let 's let the process play out . " Rodriguez spoke with CNN Tuesday on the eve of his pending return to the Yankees lineup after off-season surgery . He talked of his love for the game that 's been "  the greatest gift " and how he needs his fans more than ever as he turns 38 this month . Rodriguez 's representatives have reportedly been negotiating a deal with the league to reduce a possible 100-game suspension for alleged performance-enhancing drug use , according to some media accounts . Those allegations claim Rodriguez had ties with the now-closed anti-aging Biogenesis clinic in Florida and its founder , Anthony Bosch . Rodriguez is one of some 20 players who could face suspension as a result of the scandal . But Rodriguez declined to address whether he would fight a long suspension or other adverse decision if one is so issued by the Yankees or the league . "  You know , I 'd just rather not get into any of that right now . It 's premature , and we 'll let the process play out . That 's my responsibility right now , " Rodriguez said . Opinion : The worst sports contract ever Such a roiling controversy would be hard on any athlete 's concentration , and if the speculation of a possible career-ending suspension is making life more difficult for Rodriguez -- who 's still working his way back into the Yankees lineup after off-season surgery -- he is n't directly saying so . What Rodriguez does acknowledge is that he needs to connect better with his fans in what could be the final chapters of his playing career . Rodriguez is regarded by some as the greatest slugger in baseball or the greatest third-baseman , but here 's something no one can dispute : He holds the largest contract ever in American sports , signed with the Yankees in 2007 awarding him $ 275 million over 10 years . Critics , however , say it 's the worst contract ever because of problems with his health and on-field performance . A-Rod denies performance-enhancing drugs reports Today , Rodriguez admits he does n't have many years left on the diamond : He turns 38 on July 27 , and he is now testing his recovery from hip surgery in January by playing in the minor leagues . The three-time American League MVP described the operation as "  definitely the hardest surgery I 've had to overcome . " "  Look , there 's no hiding it . I 'm not a spring chicken anymore . I 'm not 28 . I 'm going to be 38 here in July . But I do think I can contribute , " Rodriguez said . "  I think I can be a force in the middle lineup , a big right-handed bat for our team , but I 'm at a different stage of my career . Is it realistic to go out and hit 40 , 50 home runs ? I do n't think so . But can I go out and have nights like I did last night and do that several times a week ? I think so . " Opinion : Baseball , this time throw the book at users of performance-enhancing drugs Rodriguez was referring to his home run in a minor league game in which he went 2-for-4 this week , fueling optimism he could return to the majors possibly next week . He 's been 5-for-28 at the plate in the minors . "  It felt incredible , " he said of the two-run homer . "  I have n't hit a ball like that in over a year . " He 's determined to return to Yankee Stadium and wo n't entertain questions about potential disappointments . "  I 'm going to focus on the positive , " Rodriguez said . "  I feel like I owe the Yankee fan base my A-game . I do n't think they had that last year . I went in , I got fixed up , I worked my butt off . And I ca n't wait to get back in New York and help my team win . " The Yankees ' web site reports that Rodriguez expects to be back with the team Monday . Rodriguez also wants to better engage his fans . He acknowledged how he does n't grant many one-on-one interviews . "  I 've taken the approach of ` less is more , ' " he said . "  And I 've always tried to let my game do the talking . But I think over the last year or so , I 've wanted to share more with my fan base . I think that 's important . And I 'm in a different stage of my career now . I just want to be able to communicate with my fan base . "  First of all , I 'd like to thank them for their support . Their support has been overwhelming and it 's fueled me , " he continued . "  This has been a very difficult process , and I 'm just humbled by the opportunity to play baseball . I love this game so much . My father played baseball . That 's what I know to do . That 's my gift . God has given me the greatest gift . And that 's what I love to do . " This year 's hip surgery was his second -- "  almost triple the size of the one I had in ' 09 , " he said . "  It was an extensive surgery . They shaved quite a bit off my left labrum , and they put in five anchors , " he said . Despite the injury , he maintains the enthusiasm of "  a 10-year-old boy out there playing , " he says . He wants to return to the Yankees pinstripes to solidify his legacy as "  someone that loved that game and someone that respected that game and someone that loves teammates , and loves to compete , " he said . "  The one thing that no one can take away from me is that the effort that I put forth and how much I love this game , " he said . MLB sues Florida clinic linked to supplying players with PEDs CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report . Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	Alex Rodriguez says there 's nothing going on regarding any plea negotiations Media accounts say his representatives have met with MLB about discipline Rodriguez is accused in media reports of using performance-enhancing drugs Rodriguez had off-season hip surgery but hits a homer in a 2-for-4 minor league game
CNN  For many kids living in rural and non-electrified parts of South Africa , the final school bell does n't just signal the end of another day of learning . Instead , it also means the beginning of an arduous trek through busy and dangerous roads to get back home in time to complete their homework before sunset . For Thato Kgatlhanye , this was all too familiar . She saw it every day in her hometown of Rustenburg , a mining community in the North West province of South Africa . So the young entrepreneur decided to do something about it . "  This is our home . The reason we started this business is we looked at our community and we wanted to do work that matters , " explains Kgatlhanye . That work turned into Repurpose Schoolbags -- the first green initiative from Rethaka , a social startup Kgatlhanye co-founded alongside childhood friend-turned-business partner Rea Ngwane . The millennial pair -- aged just 21 and 22 years old respectively -- are taking advantage of the plastic waste in their region , upcycling it into 100 % recycled plastic schoolbags for local disadvantaged students . But here 's the twist -- the bag also doubles as a light . The backpacks feature a solar panel in the flap -- which charges as the children walk to school -- as well as strips of reflective material , an added safety design to make the children more visible to traffic in the early hours . A bright idea "  One of the first obstacles these kids face is not being able to finish their homework , " says Kgatlhanye , the first runner-up at the 2014 Anzhisha Prize , a pan-African award celebrating entrepreneurs aged 15-22 who 've come up with innovative ways to solve problems in their communities . "  If a child does n't have access to light then as soon as the sun goes down there is not time to do anything but sleep . " Kgatlhanye explains the design is to help poor households from using up candles which might otherwise have lasted an entire week . And the children can focus on their homework without worrying about disrupting the family dynamic . "  A child simply does not have the luxury of burning the midnight oil and practicing their math sums until 12 o'clock at night because -LSB- the family -RSB- have one candle which was meant to be rationed for the whole week . " After a six-month pilot phase earlier this year , the resourceful entrepreneurs are now distributing their 100 % upcycled plastic bags to schools they 've identified around their howetown of Rustenburg . The company has also teamed up with local individuals and corporates who are willing to cover the cost of the bags on behalf of the students . Depending on their donation , these so-called "  giving partners " typically matched to a class , a grade or a school . Overcoming challenges Launched last year , Repurpose Schoolbags has grown to today employ eight full-time staff -- six of which are women -- while its workshop produces around 20 bags a day . Yet , running such a business has n't been without challenges . Kgatlhanye says there was a fair few failures in the beginning -- especially around training staff . Another problem the two young businesswomen faced early on was the lack of infrastructure for plastic recycling . But instead of letting this become a setback , the pair went about creating it themselves . "  We get -LSB- plastic -RSB- from landfill sites and collect it from schools that have come on board as "  Purpose textile banks " and local schools run campaigns to get students to bring in plastic to be upcycled , " Kgatlhanye explains . "  The plastic comes to our workshop where we process them into a textile , sew it up with industrial sewing machines and then we distribute , " she continues . "  Seeing the kids believe that you can have waste and rubbish ... -LSB- that can be turned into -RSB- so much more -- you get kids being interested in recycling , whereas before you 're in a rural area the concept of upcycling is a foreign concept . "  But when it comes in the form of a tangible product that helps you out -- now kids are picking up litter around the community , " she adds . New year , new products Looking ahead , the two have big plans for the future . Kgatlhanye says they are already hard at work as they prepare to take on an additional 12 employees to meet the growing demand for their bags , as well as introduce new products . She says : "  We 've gotten a huge interest from other countries across Africa . We 've also started with product development -- having other things for sale like conscience bags made out of the same material that corporates can then buy for their conferences and summits . "  We 've also started development with a luxury brand to develop things like clutches . As part of the proceeds of the sales , we 'll be able to finance and subsidize these bags . " Photographs provided by Miora Rajaonary for Emerging Innovation , a new magazine of creative ideas and management practices in the Global South . Read this : 12 brilliant African entrepreneurs under 22 Read this : Bike tour gives taste of township life More from African Start-Up	Repurpose schoolbags is a green initiative from Rethaka , a South Africa-based startup Thato Kgatlhanye and Rea Ngwane founded the startup to create positive change Their 100 % recycled plastic schoolbags double as a nightlight for schoolkids The bag features a solar panel that is charged during the walk to school
A Shanghai metro official has unleashed a wave of angry social media messages in response to a post earlier this week that scantily-clad women invite sexual harassment . The Shanghai No. 2 Subway Co. posted the image of a woman in a semi-transparent dress on one of its platforms to the company 's official Sina Weibo account with a caption warning women that if they dressed like that , they would surely be harassed . A Weibo user who called themselves "  Little Bunny " posted : "  If you think a women dresses improperly , you can call the police but it does n't mean you are free to touch her ... when harassment happens , why is the victim the first one blamed ? " Now , pictures have popped up on China 's twitter-like social media site of two women , whose faces are covered by black cloth , protesting the criticism and support is pouring in . The pictures , published on China Daily , showed a woman holding up a sign that translated to "  I can be slutty , but you ca n't harass me , " while riding on Shanghai Metro Line No. 2 . The Shanghai metro company said its intention was never to condemn women , but to educate them . "  Our initial motive behind the post was to affirm our stand against sexual harassment and gender discrimination and to remind passengers to dress appropriately in public places in order to avoid unnecessary trouble , " subway official Chen Kuang told Xinhua . The Chinese state news service also reported that sexual harassment claims on the Shanghai subway rose in the month of June . Reports included instances of indecent exposure , lewd acts and attempts at taking pictures up women 's skirts . While online support for the women was strong , Weibo users were also siding with the metro 's stance . One user who called himself "  A man like me " said that that type of dress "  naturally attracts sexual offenders , just like flies like rubbish . " Despite the level of public outcry , the metro company has not yet deleted the original post .	A Shanghai metro employee says women need to dress more modestly to avoid sexual harassment in the metro The post included a picture of a woman in a semi-transparent dress in a metro platform The online statement came after complaints of four separate incidents of sexual harassment in June Backlash against the company has populated Chinese social media sites such as Sina Weibo
CNN  -- Residents are still dealing with the aftermath of Irene -- a massive storm that pummeled the East Coast . The storm killed 43 people from Florida to New England and some of the worst flooding struck Vermont , New Jersey and upstate New York . More than 1.1 million customers were still without power Thursday from North Carolina to Maine , the U.S. Department of Energy said . Relief organizations are working to help victims in Irene 's path . There are ways you can help . At least 1,300 people awoke Wednesday morning in Red Cross shelters up and down the East Coast . The Red Cross has provided about 54,000 overnight shelter stays since the storm hit . "  The storm may be over , but our work is far from done , " said Gail McGovern , Red Cross president . "  We expect this disaster relief operation to be a very large operation that will continue for several weeks . " The organization has served more than 680,000 meals and snacks and has handed out more than 29,000 relief items such as hygiene kits , mops and tarps . To donate to relief efforts , visit the website or text the word "  REDCROSS " to 90999 to make a $ 10 donation . Irene has also caused a shortfall of more than 2,700 blood donations over the past few days . To donate blood , go online or call 1-800-REDCROSS . The Salvation Army is helping survivors who are still struggling with the floods and power outages left by Irene . The organization has served nearly 150,000 meals , snacks and drinks to storm victims from the Carolinas to New England . The group has been providing warm meals to evacuees and emergency responders in flood impacted northeastern states including New York and Vermont . To make a donation , go online , call 1-800-SAL-ARMY or text "  STORM " to 80888 to make a $ 10 donation . $ 10 will feed a disaster survivor for one day . Samaritan 's Purse teams are working in coastal North Carolina to help victims of Irene . A Disaster Relief Unit has been set up in New Bern , North Carolina . Staff and volunteers began removing downed trees and assisting homeowners on Sunday afternoon . Visit the website to make a donation or to sign up as a volunteer . Teams from Operation Blessing International are in the Hampton Roads area of Virginia clearing debris from homes and providing food to residents whose homes were flooded . The group is accepting volunteers in teams of three or more people to help remove debris , repair homes and serve hot meals . To volunteer , call the organization 's office of National Volunteer Management at 1-757-226-3407 or e-mail volunteer@ob.org . Donations can be made on the website . AmeriCares launched a $ 500,000 U.S. Disaster Recovery Initiative to aid survivors of Irene and other recent storms . In hard-hit North Carolina and Virginia , AmeriCares is helping to deliver more than 120,000 bottles of water for families affected by severe flooding and major power outages . Go online to support AmeriCares ' hurricane relief efforts . Islamic Relief USA dispatched two teams of volunteers and staff to two local shelters in New Jersey . The group has distributed food , clothing and medicine to about 1,600 evacuees . To help with relief efforts , visit the website . World Vision 's domestic emergency response team is preparing to deploy to areas hit hardest by Irene . Field sites in New York , West Virginia and D.C. are preparing relief items like personal hygiene kits , cleaning supplies , water and clothing . To make a donation , visit the website .	Irene caused dangerous flooding along the Eastern Seaboard Relief organizations are providing food , shelter and supplies to storm victims If you want to help , donations can be as simple as sending a text
CNN  -- Toni Nadal is used to letting his famous nephew do the talking with his tennis racket -- and it sounds like it should stay that way . The uncle and long-time coach to 14-time grand slam champion Rafa Nadal is in hot water after serving up some controversial comments on Spain 's new Davis Cup captain , Gala Leon Garcia . Garcia , who was announced as successor to Carlos Moya earlier this week , is the first female to captain Spain 's men 's team . She is the fifth woman to coach a Davis Cup side , according to the International Tennis Federation . But Nadal thinks appointing the 40-year-old -- whose highest ranking as a player was 27th -- could pose problems , not least in the locker room . "  In no way am I sexist , " Nadal told Spanish radio station Cadena SER on Tuesday . "  You could brand me old-fashioned in seeing problems about having to share a dressing room with a woman , but to go from there to talking about sexism ... Would I be OK with peeing in front of a woman ? No way . That in any case might be old-fashioned . " Comfort breaks are n't the only issue , according to Nadal . "  A woman is just as capable as a man , but men 's and women 's tennis are different sports , " he argued . "  I know nothing about the hours and training systems for women 's tennis . I do n't even know who the best players are . I doubt Gala Leon knows the  men 's  world number 40 ... " Nadal , 53 , was responding after his initial comments on the subject aired on Monday caused a bit of a stir . In a interview with on RNE , Spain 's national radio station , Nadal initially suggested it "  might be easier for the captain to be a man , " before addressing the issue of the locker room for the first time . "  I believe she does n't know the players , at least Rafael , and there is a logistical difficulty that is difficult to solve , because in the Davis Cup a lot of time is spent in locker rooms without much clothing and with a woman it would always be weird . " But some players who may play under Garcia appear unfazed by the prospect . "  I do n't think the fact she is a woman affects anything , " doubles specialist Marc Lopez said , Spanish newspaper El Pais reported . "  The players have to accept it , to be united , to play , win and go up to the World Group , " the 32-year-old added . "  There are several rooms ... it 's not essential that she is there where you 're having a shower . It will be a bit different , but I do n't think whether she can or ca n't be there all the time will influence the development of her work . " Britain 's Andy Murray , who appointed former women 's world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo as his coach in June , was supportive of Garcia 's appointment . Murray 's recent tweet about Scottish independence might have been controversial but few would have disagreed with his views on the vote of confidence in Garcia by Spain 's Davis Cup bosses . "  Congrats to Gala Leon Garcia for becoming first female Spanish Davis cup captain today ... hopefully first of many ! " Murray tweeted . Spain has dominated the Davis Cup in the early 21st century , winning the team tournament five times since 2000 , but has struggled in recent times . In September , Spain was relegated from the World Group for the first time since 1996 after losing 3-1 to Brazil . The wrist injury that kept Rafa Nadal out of the U.S. Open also precluded his involvement in Spain 's defeat in Sao Paulo , but the world No. 2 is expected to return to action at next week 's China Open in Beijing .	Toni Nadal queries appointment of Gala Leon Garcia as Spain 's Davis Cup team captain Rafa 's uncle says choosing a woman to captain could cause issues in dressing room The 53-year-old also says "  a woman just as capable as a man " and that he 's "  no sexist " Andy Murray , who is coached by Amelie Mauresmo , tweets support to Garcia
CNN  -- A 16-year-old suffered a medical emergency on a Delta Air Lines cross-country flight , and died after the flight made an emergency landing in Spokane , Washington , authorities said Saturday . Jim Uttke , deputy medical investigator for the Spokane Medical Examiner , said it appeared the youth died of natural causes . An autopsy will be performed Monday . His name was not released . The youth was the son of a soldier from the 16th Combat Aviation Brigade of the 7th Infantry Division out of Joint Base Lewis-McChord at Fort Lewis , Washington , a U.S. military official said . The youth was traveling with mother to join his father who 'd gone ahead to a new base , the official said . The Spokane Fire Department said on its Facebook page that the youth was part of a military family flying to Atlanta for Christmas . Delta Flight 128 was bound for Atlanta from Seattle on Saturday and was diverted to Spokane after a medical emergency , Delta spokesman Michael Thomas said . Thomas said the plane carrying 258 passengers was scheduled to land in Atlanta at 4 p.m. ET Saturday . It 's now expected to arrive about 11 p.m. Pilot 's deadly in-flight heart attack threatens passengers	NEW : The youth 's father was a soldier in Washington state The teen and his family were flying to Atlanta for Christmas , fire department says The plane made an emergency landing in Spokane The flight had left Seattle en route to Atlanta
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan was released from home confinement at 10:20 a.m. Wednesday , 35 days after she began serving her sentence for misdemeanor theft and probation violation , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County sheriff said Wednesday . The electronic monitoring bracelet was removed from Lohan 's ankle about 40 minutes before she was officially freed , spokesman Steve Whitmore said . The actress was sentenced last month to 120 days in jail after she entered a guilty plea to stealing a necklace from a jewelry store in January . The judge had earlier sentenced her to the same jail term for violating her probation by being arrested in the theft case . The four months in jail translated into five weeks in home confinement because of jail overcrowding and state rules that allow for credit for good behavior for prisoners , Whitmore said . "  I am not happy about house arrest , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Saunter said during a hearing last week . "  It was not my sentence . " Lohan must now resume work on the 480 hours of community service ordered as part of her sentence , including 360 hours at the Los Angeles Downtown Women 's Center . The last 120 hours will be served at the county morgue . Judge Saunter gave Lohan a year to complete the community service . Her supervised probation is scheduled to end within a year , unless Lohan is charged with breaking any laws before then . It has been extended several times because of probation violations , including failed alcohol and drug tests . Lohan failed an alcohol test administered by a probation officer on June 13 and was ordered to go before the judge for a probation violation hearing last week . But Lohan 's attorney convinced the judge the testing requirement had lapsed in February . Judge Saunter ruled that Lohan is now allowed to drink alcohol and she is no longer required to take random drug tests . The actress , who turns 25 on July 2 , has managed to avoid more than a few days in jail despite two drunken-driving convictions , a long list of probation violations and the recent theft conviction . "  Because of budget constraints and because we 're under a federal consent decree that requires us to curb our overcrowding situation , nonviolent offenders , lesser crimes , get 20 % of their sentence , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Lohan entered drug rehab last year to avoid a jail sentence imposed by another judge . But Saunter made it clear in court last month that she did n't think drugs and alcohol were the root of Lohan 's legal troubles . "  She 's got other problems for which she self-medicates , " Saunter said at her sentencing in May . Lohan 's four years in and out of court -- and sometimes jail -- started with two drunken-driving arrests in 2007 . Since then , she 's spent more than eight months in substance-abuse rehabilitation programs . A probation report released last month said the actress "  appears to be continuing to struggle with substance abuse issues . " "  It would appear that the defendant 's criminal conduct is increasing in seriousness and severity , " the probation report said , yet it suggested she serve her sentence on probation and not in jail . Lohan tested positive for alcohol use , a violation of probation rules , in February , the report said . It also revealed that the drug test failure last August , which resulted in a jail sentence and court-ordered rehab , involved cocaine and amphetamines . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	The actress served 35 days in home confinement 120-day jail sentence was changed to home confinement due to jail overcrowding She pleaded guilty in May to a January necklace theft charge Lohan must now resume work on 480 hours of community service
CNN  -- In its bid to compete with major U.S. sports , American rugby could be set to receive a huge boost . USA Rugby has announced its interest in tendering for the right to host the 2018 Rugby World Cup Sevens , ahead of a formal bid on December 5 . Sevens is a scaled-down version of rugby union , with seven players on each team rather than 15 . Over 10 countries have so far registered an interest in hosting the tournament , with the International Rugby Board set to make a final decision on May 15 , 2015 . "  2018 may appear to be a long way away at this time , but the decision on who will host the Rugby World Cup Sevens in 2018 will be made in the next 13 months , " USA Rugby chief executive officer Nigel Melville said in a statement . "  The USA Rugby board have already established a Rugby World Cup bid committee under the chairmanship of board member Will Chang and talks have already taken place with a small number of cities who have expressed interest in hosting this incredible event . " The U.S. team currently competes in the HSBC Sevens World Series , an annual global competition which takes place over eight months in nine different countries . The Las Vegas leg of the series took place in January . The Rugby World Cup Sevens , first staged in 1993 , is held every four years . The 2013 tournament took place at Moscow 's Luzhniki Stadium , with New Zealand winning both the men 's and women 's competitions . Sevens will make its Olympic debut at the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro and to accommodate the International Olympic Committee calendar , the World Cup was put back from 2017 to 2018 . "  I am delighted to be chairing USA Rugby 's Rugby World Cup 2018 bid committee and I look forward to hearing from cities interested in hosting this incredible event , " said Chang . "  The Rugby World Cup Sevens in 2018 will be an important global rugby event ahead of the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Summer Games and will continue to support the growth of rugby sevens in America . "  This will be a great opportunity for USA Rugby fans to watch a Rugby World Cup on home soil . "	The U.S. is bidding to host the 2018 Rugby World Cup Sevens Rugby sevens is a seven-a-side version of rugby union The Rugby World Cup Sevens is staged every four years The 2013 event took place in Russia and was won by New Zealand
LONDON , England  CNN  -- More than 100 Romanians fled their homes Tuesday night in Belfast , Northern Ireland , following what politicians called "  racist attacks and intimidation . " A Romanian woman and her child are escorted by police in Belfast on Wednesday . "  On Tuesday evening , when the Romanians saw their windows starting to be smashed , they felt the threats were very real and contacted the police , " said Trish Morgan , the media relations manager at the Belfast City Church , which took them in . A church member was advised by the police that "  the situation was getting too tense , " and that the group -- 113 people in all -- needed to find a safe place that could accommodate them quickly . The member contacted the church , and that 's where they went , Morgan said . The Romanians were "  quite scared " upon arrival at the church but "  relieved to be out of the situation , " she added . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown Wednesday condemned what one member of Parliament called "  appalling racist attacks , " and said he hoped the authorities would be able to "  take all the action necessary to protect them . " Martin McGuinness , the deputy first minister of Northern Ireland -- a province of the United Kingdom -- visited the families on Wednesday , his party Sinn Fein announced . "  People are shocked and completely disgusted by this incident , " he said in a statement "  I came here this morning to show very clearly my commitment to facing up to any form of intimidation in our community , no matter where it may come from . "  I met with numerous families who are genuinely fearful for their lives and those of their families ; I held a five-day-old baby girl in my arms today . She was born in Belfast and now forced to leave her home as a result of attacks by racist , criminal thugs , " McGuinness said . He was speaking at the O-Zone leisure center , where the families have moved because the space is larger than the church . Race-hate crime in south Belfast has increased in the past six months , Sinn Fein equality and human rights expert Vincent Parker said . The incident came only a day after violence broke out at an anti-racism rally in support of Romanians in Belfast . Belfast Lord Mayor Naomi Long called Monday 's scuffles "  totally unacceptable . " "  A small minority of people have sadly taken away from an event which had been organized by the local community to show solidarity for their Romanian neighbors , and to express their abhorrence at their homes being subjected to racist attacks , " she said Tuesday . CNN 's Eve Bower contributed to this report .	113 Romanians flee homes in Belfast after windows smashed Romanians were sheltered by local church , later moved to leisure center Northern Irish politicians condemn "  racist attacks and intimidation " UK PM Brown urges authorities to "  take all action necessary to protect them "
CNN  -- Sonia , a single mother with HIV in Brazil , travels four hours to reach a government-run health facility that provides her with free drug treatment . Brazil 's response to the HIV/AIDS fight has been widely praised and adopted as a model around the world . The journey is long , she told CNN , but it 's a small price to pay for the government-provided drugs that have helped keep her out of the hospital for the past 11 years . Sonia is just one of the many Brazilians who have benefited from the country 's novel approach to fighting the HIV/AIDS epidemic . Brazil jolted the global health community in 1996 when it began guaranteeing free anti-retroviral treatment to HIV/AIDS patients . For Sonia , government-funded treatment comes in the form of 20 pills . Taken daily , the anti-retroviral medicine has helped keep her HIV at bay . Coupled with government-supported prevention efforts and aggressive public awareness campaigns , the so-called Brazilian response has been hailed as a model for developing countries . Watch a report on Brazil 's pioneering response to HIV/AIDS " Prevention campaigns , which often take the forms of candid public awareness ads with slogans like "  Be good in bed , use a condom , " have resulted in widespread knowledge of HIV . According to a recent study conducted by the country 's Ministry of Health , Brazil boasts one of the highest rates of knowledge globally when it comes to HIV avoidance and transmittal . Brazil was "  the first country to realize there is no separation between prevention and treatment , " Mauro Schechter , professor of infectious diseases at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro , told CNN . Schechter , who has studied the HIV/AIDS epidemic since 1989 , said it took the rest of the global health community some 15 years to realize that the two go hand-in-hand . Other countries that have adopted the Brazilian model " The comprehensive response has extended the lives of tens of thousands of Brazilians and saved the government billions , researchers estimate . A recent study published by researchers from Brown University and the Harvard School of Public Health said that Brazil has saved $ 1 billion alone by producing its own generic versions of HIV/AIDS medicines and negotiating discounts for imported drugs . Those drug savings come on top of the estimated $ 2 billion the program has saved Brazil in hospital costs between 1996 and 2004 . Brazil 's efforts to reverse the tide of the AIDS epidemic have become the object of admiration in the global health community , but the trailblazer is encountering new challenges . When Brazil decided to guarantee free anti-retrovirals , there were 10,000 people being treated and it was organized as a program to treat a small amount of people for a limited amount of time , according to Schechter . Patients are living longer and oftentimes able to get their disease under control , thanks to combination therapies , better known as drug cocktails . But that means they also require drug treatment for a longer period of time . Furthermore , as HIV has evolved from an acute illness into a chronic disease , patients have also become vulnerable to other health risks and medical conditions . Valdileia Veloso is the director of the Institute of Clinical Research at the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation , a public health research institution in Rio de Janeiro . She told CNN patients are presenting with complications of chronic HIV and AIDS , which requires new treatment . "  It 's a new challenge for us , " she said . Heart disease is one of the big problems that doctors are encountering . While there 's a system in place to prevent people from dying from HIV , preventable causes like heart conditions are causing deaths . "  These people are dying from preventable causes , " Schechter told CNN . While Brazil has shown that providing universal access to treatment can be achieved , it needs to modify its approach to treat the evolving disease , he said . "  If the epidemic changes face , you need to adapt . "	Brazil has been hailed as a leader in the fight against the HIV/AIDS epidemic Government started offering free anti-retroviral treatment to its citizens in 1996 As more people live longer with HIV/AIDS , Brazil faces new challenges Patients of the chronic illness susceptible to new health risks , doctors say
Turkish police on Sunday arrested senior journalists , media executives and even the scriptwriter for a popular television series on charges of "  forming , leading and being a member of an armed terrorist organization . " The more than two dozen arrests followed another series of police raids on December 17 of last year , in which prominent supporters of the government , including the sons of ministers and the head of a state-owned bank , were interrogated on charges of corruption . In almost all cases , those year-old charges have been dropped . The current crop of detentions are people associated with the influential Gulen religious movement and whose followers have an active network of schools and businesses . The government accuses the movement of infiltrating the police and judiciary . Among those now detained are Ekrem Dumanli , editor-in-chief of Zaman , the country 's widest circulating newspaper . Police arriving at 7.30 a.m. were greeted by scores of protesters shouting "  a free media can not be silenced . " Journalists and Gulen supporters had mounted a vigil after tweets from "  Fuatavni " -- a reliable but anonymous source -- had warned of the raid . Police retreated only to reappear in the afternoon when Dumanli gave himself up voluntarily . Also in custody are Hidayet Karaca , the head of the Gulen-affiliated Samanyolu television , as well as the director , producers and writer of long-running political soap operas that cast aspersions on the government 's attempt to broker a deal with Kurdish militants by depicting it as a conspiracy hatched in the corridors of Tehran . For the past year , the government has been waging a campaign against the Islamic spiritual leader Fethullah Gulen , who lives in self-imposed exile in the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania . In the pro-government press , even the word Pennsylvania has become synonymous with a conspiracy to create what is called a "  parallel " state by overthrowing the elected government of Recep Tayyip Erdogan , former Prime Minister and now President . The Gulen-affiliated movement counters that these accusations are simply a smokescreen to cover up corruption in high places , including the president 's own family . For the past 12 months , suspected Gulenists in the bureaucracy have been let go from key positions and laws enacted that will shut down a chain of university tutorial colleges affiliated to the movement . "  Whether driven by a desire to shift public attention from the anniversary of corruption probes , or by public criticisms of systematic nepotism and excesses of the presidential palace , these raids and arrests are politically motivated , " the Alliance for Shared Values , an organization that represents U.S. groups affiliated with the Gulen movement , said in a statement . "  Such actions taint Turkey 's image around the world and raise the growing authoritarianism of the Erdogan regime to a new level . " Until recently , the Gulen movement had been among Erdogan 's most enthusiastic supporters . The Zaman media group was a cheerleader of a series of trials that involved scores of military officers convicted of trying to stage a coup d'état . Journalists critical of the Gulenists ' political ambitions also stood trial , including the freelance writer Ahmet Sik , who spent 2011-2012 in prison awaiting trial . Sik has refused to have his revenge eaten cold . While the Gulen community may have "  served fascism a few years ago , what happened to them is also fascism , " he tweeted at the news of Sunday 's raid . Indeed many observers see the crackdown as a growing example of Erdogan 's increasing authoritarian rule . "  These arrests appear to be government retribution against journalists reporting on corruption and criticizing the government . The crackdown on speech in Turkey must end , said Daniel Calingaert , executive vice president of Freedom House , the Washington-based democracy watchdog that this year downgraded the Turkish press from being "  partly free " to "  not free . " "  The situation changes when people ... try to take control of the bureaucracy and thus declare war against the country 's elected government , " said Ahmet Davutoglu , Erdogan 's successor as Prime Minister . A statement by the U.S. State Department last week cautioned Turkey , a key NATO ally , not to violate its "  own democratic foundations " while drawing attention to raids against media outlets "  openly critical of the current Turkish government . "	"  These raids and arrests are politically motivated , " group says Journalists , media executives are arrested in Turkey Those arrested are associated with the Gulen religious movement The Gulen supporters do not support the government
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- This weekend marks the end of an era for many fans of the iconic Liberace . The Las Vegas museum dedicated to preserving the glitz , the glamour and even the gaudiness that defined the entertainer 's career is closing Sunday after more than 30 years . Despite his dynamic history , the draw of the Liberace Museum has been eclipsed by some of Vegas ' increasingly lavish attractions . Low attendance is the primary factor in the decision to close the museum , Liberace Foundation President Jack Rappaport said . Liberace himself opened the museum in 1979 , and in its prime , it brought in 450,000 visitors a year . "  We 've dwindled down to 50,000 , " Rappaport said . He blames the low attendance on the museum 's location three miles off Las Vegas Boulevard , commonly known as the Strip . "  We are just geographically not desirable , " he said . -LSB- When the museum opened in 1979 -RSB- we were n't competition for the Strip . We actually complemented the Strip . " Rappaport feels that the megaresort style of the new casinos of Las Vegas -- with high-end shopping , an abundance of restaurants , shows and other museum-type attractions -- gives tourists everything they could need . "  It 's kind of like going to Disney World or Disneyland resort . You go there , and you do n't really have to go anywhere else . " If there is a bright side , it 's that since the closing was announced weeks ago , attendance has nearly tripled , according to one tour guide 's estimate . A significant number of this influx are locals who 've lived in Vegas for decades but never made it to the museum . But positive attendance news in the 11th hour does n't change the fact that for most of the 23 employees , not only will they be out of a job , they 'll be out of a way to educate people on a man they 've come to admire . "  I mean , -LSB- Liberace -RSB- was Las Vegas , " museum director Tanya Combs said . "  Reading everything and seeing everything ... you start to believe in what a nice man he was , and you really wanted everyone to know that . " Museum archivist and historian Pauline Lachance has been the go-to gal for anything and everything Liberace . "  He 's made such an impact on my life ; it 's unbelievable . I get kind of choked up talking about him , " she said . She could tell you about all sorts of things , from "  Walter " Valentino Liberace 's early life as a piano prodigy to his prime years as the highest-paid entertainer in the world , with the highest flamboyance factor to boot . He was a man who , in the midst of a battle with HIV , sold out New York 's Radio City Music Hall so fast that his record still stands . Lachance 's very first experience with Mr. Showmanship himself was a night that almost did n't happen . "  I really did n't want to go , " she recalls of the show her husband roped her into attending . But that evening sparked a passion , some might say obsession , for the king of bling . Up until his death in 1987 at 67 , she attended no fewer than 50 of his shows . "  All you need to do is go to one performance , and you want to go to every one after that . He just captivates you with his charm and his music . " After the museum closes Sunday , Lachance will continue to work for the Liberace Foundation part-time . But there will be no more camera-wielding visitors oohing and aahing over Liberace 's rhinestone-studded piano , complete with matching costume and Roadster . See an iReporter 's snapshots of the glitzy museum The musician 's remarkable costumes became more elaborate as the decades went on , some taking more than a year to construct . Throughout his career , he played eight major hotels in Las Vegas , with his longest run at the Las Vegas Hilton . In addition to establishing the museum in Vegas , Liberace set up a foundation to provide scholarship money to students of the arts . To date , the foundation has given more than $ 6 million to more than 2,700 students . But what it 's able to offer these days has diminished significantly . Two years ago , the scholarship fund amounted to $ 112,000 . The following year , that number dropped to $ 62,000 . Rappaport said people can rest assured that the museum 's collection -- which includes more than 60 of Liberace 's intricate eye-popping costumes , his 9-foot mirrored Baldwin grand piano and his 7-foot rhinestone studded Baldwin grand -- wo n't go into hiding for too long . A traveling tour of part of the collection is planned . The tour might be under way as early as summer 2011 , according to Jeffrey Koep , chairman of the Liberace Foundation board of directors . A new incarnation of the museum is n't out of the question . "  The board felt it best to close while we are still solvent and create a new business plan as we examine ways to sell our current location and search for locations that would allow for more patrons , " Koep said in an e-mail . Tour guide Howard Shapiro said he was n't terribly surprised that the museum in its current form wo n't be around forever , but he agrees that Liberace is too much a part of Sin City to be totally forgotten . "  Las Vegas has a history of tearing down and not preserving . It 's a sad commentary , but that 's what this town is about , reinventing itself , " Shapiro said . "  I would n't be surprised if somewhere down the line , Liberace gets reinvented again . By whom and how , I do n't know . But it is sad to see it close . "	Liberace Museum in Las Vegas , Nevada , is closing Sunday The museum was opened by the celebrated entertainer in 1979 Low attendance is a key reason for closing A traveling tour of the museum 's collection is planned for next year
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's sudden death has thrown the peculiar path of his later life back into the spotlight . Michael Jackson spent 11 months living in Bahrain after his acquittal on child abuse charges in the U.S. . He spent much of the past four years flitting from one part of the globe to another , failing to put down permanent roots . However , one of his longest spells in one place was spent in Bahrain . When his life was falling apart at the seams in 2005 he was offered sanctuary in the Persian Gulf kingdom . He had been just been acquitted of 10 child abuse charges at the end of a 14-week trial in the U.S. , but there appeared to be no respite from the bad publicity and his spiraling debts which had forced the sale of his Neverland ranch . He suffered health problems during the trial and appeared increasingly frail . Jackson , who died owing an estimated $ 500 million , had been living beyond his means for years and wanted to flee the spotlight . He had not been seen in the two weeks after the trial before reports emerged from Bahrain that he and his children had landed there on a private jet as the guests of Sheikh Abdulla Bin Hamad Bin Isa Al-Khalifa , the king 's son , and a friend of Jackson 's brother , Jermaine . It was claimed at the time that Jackson had a large fan base in the kingdom and wider Gulf region . Watch why Jackson is "  as big as it gets " " Indeed Bahrain , a chain of around 30 islands with a population of 766,000 and relaxed social social environment , appeared the perfect escape -- for 11 months anyway . It was made even more enticing by Sheikh Abdulla 's generosity . In 2008 he sued Jackson in a Britain 's High Court for # 4.7 million  $ 7.7 million  , claiming the pop star had reneged on a music contract . Sheikh Abdulla said he had paid all of Jackson 's living , travel and other expenses until his departure from Bahrain in May 2006 , and advanced funds to retain legal and financial advisers . Watch Jesse Jackson share memories " Sheikh Abdulla also built a recording studio , which he believed would be used to record albums using material he had helped to write . However , he claimed the singer pulled out of the deal in May 2006 after 11 months . iReport.com : Your Michael Jackson tributes Jackson claimed the payments were gifts . In November last year the High Court in London was told the dispute had ended with an "  amicable settlement , " the details of which remain confidential .	Jackson was offered sanctuary in Bahrain by king 's son in 2005 He spent 11 months in the Persian Gulf kingdom Sheikh Abdulla Bin Hamad Bin Isa Al-Khalifa later sued Jackson
