Washington  CNN  One New York City luncheon is getting more spice than usual and it has nothing to do with the menu . Mitt and Ann Romney , along with Chelsea Clinton and her husband Marc Mezvinsky , will attend a New York City luncheon Friday for the Ann Romney Center for Neurologic Diseases at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston . News of the meeting was first reported by the New York Times . Two sources familiar with the event confirmed to CNN that the Romneys would attend the luncheon and a spokesman confirmed that Clinton and Mezvinsky would also attend . Mezvinsky , who married Clinton in 2010 , is on the center 's board , along with Spencer Zwick , a Romney confidant and his 2012 finance director . The luncheon -- which was meant to be private , according to the hospital -- will come just days after Romney , who is floating a possible third run at the presidency , dinged Hillary Clinton , who is floating her own 2016 run , in a Mississippi speech . "  Secretary of State Hillary Clinton cluelessly pressed a reset button for Russia , which smiled and then invaded Ukraine , a sovereign nation , " Romney said about Chelsea 's mother at Mississippi State University . Romney later knocked Clinton for a comment she made -- and then amended -- in 2014 about business not creating jobs . "  How can Secretary Clinton provide opportunity for all , " Romney asked , "  if she does n't know where the jobs come from in the first place . " Ann Romney was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1998 , and said in an interview with CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger in 2012 that her husband was an important part of her efforts to regain control of her life . The Romneys founded the center at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in 2014 .	Chelsea Clinton and Marc Mezvinsky will attend a Manhattan luncheon tomorrow for the Ann Romney Center Mitt and Ann Romney will also attend , according to two sources familiar with the event The meetings will come days after Mitt Romney , who is floating his own 2016 run , dinged Hillary Clinton in a speech
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- There 's no question "  Tropic Thunder " takes chances . Ben Stiller , left , and Robert Downey Jr. are among the stars of "  Tropic Thunder , " a Hollywood satire . Tom Cruise almost unrecognizable as a foulmouthed , foul-mannered movie executive ? Check . Mockery of action heroes , Method actors and gross-out comedians ? Check . Challenging stereotypes at every opportunity ? Absolutely . But casting Robert Downey Jr. as a black man ? Well , that might be a bit much . Or maybe not . In "  Tropic Thunder , " a comedy about self-absorbed Hollywood types making a "  Platoon " - style war movie , Downey plays Australian actor Kirk Lazarus , a multiple Oscar-winning performer who gets so involved in his roles that he forgets to come out of them . He 's a man constantly looking for ways to transform himself for his art . So , cast as a black man in the war movie , Lazarus decides to dye his skin surgically . Downey -- no slouch as an actor himself -- has often been seen as one who immerses himself fully in his roles . That kind of dedication prevented the character from coming off as offensive , said Ben Stiller , who directed , co-wrote and stars in "  Tropic Thunder . " "  I give all the credit to Robert , " Stiller told CNN . "  I felt he really was so committed to that character , the guy that was playing that guy , that as an audience you bought his sincerity . Very few people , I think , could pull that off . " Brandon Jackson , who plays hip-hop star turned actor Alpa Chino  say it fast  , agreed . "  Robert was black the whole time . My mom came on the set and she thought it was Don Cheadle , " he told CNN . "  I 'm serious . That 's how black he was . " Watch Jackson talk about working with Downey " The movie , which also stars Stiller as struggling action star Tugg Speedman and Jack Black as gross-out king Jeff Portnoy , features some testy altercations between Downey 's Lazarus and Jackson 's Chino . Lazarus gets so involved in his role that even when it 's clear filming has wrapped for the day , he sticks with it -- which irritates Chino to no end . "  To me the most important thing was Alpa Chino has to give him a beat down and tell him that what he 's doing is crazy the whole time , " Downey said . "  Otherwise it 's just demeaning to Brandon 's character . And if it 's demeaning to an actual black man in the movie ... I would have run for the hills . " Jackson said he would have challenged the movie if the material was offensive . But , he said , "  Tropic Thunder " is a long way from the days when white performers would don blackface as a way of exploiting black stereotypes . Since then , he said , the playing field has leveled : The Wayans brothers played "  White Chicks " in the film of the same name , and Eddie Murphy has played several ethnicities in his films , including Jewish and Chinese characters . "  If we 're all gon na play ball , let 's all play ball , " Jackson said . "  I believe in fairness . If we can punch you , punch back . And funny is funny . " iReport.com : Will you see ` Tropic Thunder ' ? Stiller , of course , is no stranger to testing comedy limits . The actor , writer and director , known for films such as "  Meet the Parents " and "  Zoolander , " has performed or created roles that strike a delicate balance between sympathetic and distasteful -- and sometimes fall too hard on one side of the line . He co-wrote "  Tropic Thunder " based on an idea he had in 1987 , when many of his friends were making war movies , he recalls in the film 's production notes . While Stiller was making "  Empire of the Sun , " his colleagues were in boot camps training for their military roles -- and would emerge talking about the boot camp as if they 'd become part of a real military unit . "  This sort of self-important , self-involved thing seemed funny to me , " he said in the notes . "  I just could n't figure a way to make that into a movie . " Not immediately , anyway . But after several years , Stiller and his colleagues worked out a story that not only mocked actors , but filmmaking in general . In "  Thunder , " after the studio threatens to shut down the big-budget production , the frustrated director  played by Steve Coogan  refuses to stop , and takes his cast deep into a Southeast Asia jungle to shoot "  guerrilla style . " There they encounter danger in the form of drug lords . "  Tropic Thunder , " which already has received praise from Newsweek 's David Ansen and The Hollywood Reporter 's Kirk Honeycutt , has also earned its share of knocks . The most serious have come from advocacy groups for the disabled , which are planning to picket Monday 's Los Angeles premiere . In the film , Speedman has made a bid for an Oscar by playing "  Simple Jack , " a developmentally disabled character . Other characters in "  Tropic Thunder " dismiss Speedman 's attempt to play what they refer to as a "  retard . " Representatives of the Special Olympics , the Arc of the United States , the National Down Syndrome Congress , the American Association of People with Disabilities and other groups met with studio executives last week to discuss the film , but DreamWorks did not make any changes . "  We are asking people not to go to the movie and hope to bring a consciousness to people about using derogatory words about this population , " said Peter Wheeler , a spokesman for the Special Olympics , according to Reuters . In a statement Sunday , Chip Sullivan , a DreamWorks spokesman , said the movie was "  an R-rated comedy that satirizes Hollywood and its excesses and makes its point by featuring inappropriate and over-the-top characters in ridiculous situations . " In the statement , Sullivan added that the film was not meant to disparage or harm people with disabilities and that DreamWorks expected to work closely with disability groups in the future . In junket interviews for the film , Stiller said that screening audiences definitely found "  Tropic Thunder " funny . "  You go out there and put your best foot forward in terms of what you think you 're doing , of what you think is the right idea , " he said . "  If people are accepting it the way that you intended , and you feel that from a general audience ... then stand behind it . " Downey trusts that after years of making themselves known as actors who can skillfully walk that fine line between funny and offensive , audiences will accept the film 's satire -- his role in particular . "  I just hope at this point , with whatever little we 've done to brand ourselves as entertainers , that you give us a little slack , " he said . CNN entertainment correspondent Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	"  Tropic Thunder " pushes boundaries at every opportunity Film has taken knocks from groups for the developmentally disabled "  Thunder " casts Robert Downey Jr. as Method actor playing black man Downey , other cast members do n't believe character is offensive
Kurdish fighters defending the key Syrian border city of Kobani are dangerously outmatched as ISIS advances , a top United Nations official said Tuesday , calling for the international community to step in . "  They have been defending themselves with great courage . But they are now very close to not being able to do so . They are fighting with normal weapons , whereas the ISIS has got tanks and mortars , " Staffan de Mistura , the U.N. special envoy for Syria , said in a statement . "  The international community needs to defend them . The international community can not sustain another city falling under ISIS . " Were Kobani to fall , ISIS would control a complete swath of land between its self-declared capital of Raqqa , Syria , and Turkey -- a stretch of more than 100 kilometers  62 miles  . Outnumbered and outgunned by ISIS , local fighters trying to defend the Kurdish-dominated city have tried to flee into Turkey . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warned that Kobani was about to fall to ISIS as protests raged in his country over how the group should be handled . And hours after U.S. airstrikes targeting ISIS struck near Kobani overnight , the city 's future was far from certain . Stopping ISIS from taking over cities , towns and other territory in Syria is n't the focus of U.S. efforts , a senior administration official and a U.S. official told CNN . At a briefing , a State Department spokeswoman faced persistent questions over whether saving the city was a U.S. priority . The answer , CNN global affairs correspondent Elise Labott said , sounded like a resounding "  no . " "  It 's obviously horrific to watch what 's going on the ground , but it 's important for the United States , for us to also step back and remember our strategic objective as it relates to our efforts and our engagement in Syria , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters . The U.S. goal , she said , is "  a deliberate , well thought-out campaign in Syria " to disrupt ISIS command and control , destroy the group 's infrastructure and attack sources of fuel and financing for ISIS . "  Certainly no one wants to see Kobani fall , but our primary objective here is preventing  ISIS  from gaining a safe haven , " she said . "  And we 're going after those specific structures that I mentioned , " Psaki added . "  But we would not have taken the range of military strikes we have taken , including overnight , if we did not want to support and -- and defend the area . " Five airstrikes targeting groups of ISIS fighters struck near Kobani overnight , U.S. Central Command said . There were another four strikes elsewhere in Syria and four in Iraq . "  Finally , they are hitting the right places , " one local fighter against ISIS said after the airstrikes near Kobani , which is close to the Turkish border and key to ISIS ' effort to extend its terrain . Airstrikes against the radical Islamist group in Kobani can be challenging because many targets are too close to the Turkish border or Kurdish forces to strike , a senior U.S. military official said . Violent protests in Turkey Destroying ISIS will require ground operations , Erdogan said , according to the semi-official Anadolu news agency . Speaking to Syrian refugees , he said there has been "  no achievement yet , " despite months of efforts against ISIS . Erdogan called for a no-fly zone , and for the arming of opposition groups in Iraq and Syria . People upset over what they consider Turkey 's failure to respond adequately to the ISIS threat launched protests in Turkey , some of which turned violent . Three people were killed and at least 36 injured in demonstrations throughout Turkey , police said , according to Anadolu . At least five Turkish police officers were among the injured , Anadolu said . There were clashes overnight in Istanbul , and a group of about 50 to 60 protesters blocked a road , CNN affiliate CNN Turk reported . Some demonstrators set fire to a bus and garbage truck and smashed windows and cars . One protester was killed in the middle of a demonstration after being hit in the head by a gas canister in the town of Varto , police said . And two protesters died during demonstrations in the southeastern province of Siirt , Anadolu reported . In Belgium , meanwhile , Kurdish protesters stormed the European Parliament building . CNN affiliate RTL Belgium said about 50 protesters stormed into the building . Police then cordoned it off . Some European nations have joined the fight against ISIS , but the Kurdish protesters want tougher action . Belgium participated in overnight airstrikes in Iraq , U.S. Central Command said . Dutch join in , Canada to follow suit Dutch forces participated for the first time in airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq as well , dropping three bombs on ISIS vehicles that were shooting at Kurdish Peshmerga forces , the Dutch Defense Ministry said in a statement . The vehicles were destroyed , and ISIS fighters may have been killed , the ministry said . Canada 's Parliament approved an air combat mission against ISIS in Iraq , pledging up to six CF-18 fighter jets as part of a strike force , in addition to other aircraft for surveillance , reconnaissance and refueling . "  To be absolutely clear , Canada 's engagement in Iraq is not a ground combat mission . It includes a number of targeted measures , being taken with allies , to severely limit the ability of ISIL to engage in full scale military movements and to operate bases in the open , " Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in a statement . "  We do not take this step lightly . The threat posed by ISIL is real . If left unchecked this terrorist organization will grow and grow quickly . " Near Kobani , airstrikes hit ISIS vehicles In Syria , according to U.S. Central Command , the airstrikes against ISIS included : -- One south of Kobani destroyed three ISIS armed vehicles and damaged another -- One southeast of Kobani destroyed an ISIS armed vehicle carrying anti-aircraft artillery -- Two southwest of Kobani damaged an ISIS tank -- One south of Kobani destroyed an ISIS unit Elsewhere in Syria , two strikes west of al-Hasakah hit multiple ISIS buildings , one near Deir Ezzor struck an ISIS staging area and IED production facility , and one southwest of Rabiyah struck a small group of ISIS fighters . The United States , Saudi Arabia , and the UAE all participated in the strikes , Central Command said . Death toll in fight for Kobani More than 400 people have been killed in the fight for Kobani since mid-September , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The group said it has documented the deaths of 219 ISIS jihadists , 163 members of the Kurdish militia , and 20 civilians . A northern Iraqi hospital has received the bodies of at least 29 suspected ISIS militants , the head of the Tal Afar hospital said Tuesday . Danial Qassim said most were killed in U.S.-led coalition airstrikes overnight . Tal Afar is about 70 kilometers  43 miles  west of Mosul -- Iraq 's second-largest city . Mosul has also been overtaken by ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . How ISIS makes its millions Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? U.S. military airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq and Syria have cost more than $ 62 million so far , according to data provided by the U.S. Defense Department . The data , apparently sent out inadvertently to the Pentagon 's press contacts on Monday , listed the total number of airstrikes by U.S. Central Command in Iraq and Syria . It also detailed locations of targets and specified the costs of munitions used .	Canada will send fighter jets to target ISIS in Iraq U.N. envoy : "  The international community can not sustain another city falling " State Department : U.S. goal is preventing ISIS "  from gaining a safe haven " Turkish President Erdogan warns Kobani is about to fall to ISIS
Bournemouth , England  CNN  -- When Rowena Macintosh was deciding on whether or not to get breast implants , she told the operating surgeon that she was concerned about leaking silicone from the implants . So he placed in front of her an implant and sliced it open to show her how the silicone remained solid inside , assuring her it would not spill out into her body . She said it looked like jelly candy . "  When I was told that there was absolutely no chance of this breast implant leaking because of this ` jelly baby effect ' , if you like . Well , that was about 50 % of the decision because it felt safe and it was guaranteed for 25 years , " Macintosh told CNN at her home in Bournemouth . "  I did n't think to check the manufacturer ... because it 's not something you do . You go to someone who 's supposed to be medically qualified and you trust them , " she said . "  When you go to a doctor , you do n't say : Who makes your medicine ? You just assume they 're going to be safe . " The manufacturer was PIP -- the bankrupt French company that appears to have used industrial grade silicone intending for stuffing mattresses inside breast implants . Now , there are concerns that PIP implants are also more prone to leaking and rupturing . French authorities announced last month that the government would pay for the removal of the bankrupt company 's implants . Authorities in France and England have dismissed fears of cancer from the implants , but have said the devices are prone to rupture and could cause inflammation , scarring and fibrosis . More than 500 French women have had the implants removed since last year , according to the French government agency that evaluates the safety of medical products . Since then , more than 1,000 implants have ruptured , the agency said . Germany , UK weigh in on breast implant concerns Months after her surgery , Macintosh says she began to get burning and stabbing pains in the area . More recently , she has found a hard mass in one breast . She fears that her PIP implants have leaked and she wants them removed and replaced immediately . "  It 's like a ticking time bomb inside me . Until someone says you can have them taken out and put back in again , I 'm going to be worried , " Macintosh says . The problem : Who will pay for the operation ? Britain 's National Health Service does not pay for cosmetic surgery , so an estimated 95 % of breast implant operations are done in private clinics . But now that women are demanding PIP implants be removed , some clinics are refusing to treat them . Rowena Macintosh says she saved up and paid almost $ 8000 for her breast implants , including surgery and after care . But the clinic refused to giver her a scan to detect ruptures , she says , and also declined to consider removing and replacing the implants until there was a proven problem . The clinic refused to comment to CNN citing privacy concerns . "  I think ultimately it 's the surgeons and the clinics , whoever bought the implants and certified their use , that should be held responsible , " she says . The British government agrees , but says there is still no statistical data to show that PIP implants are either toxic or more prone to rupturing . "  Our advice remains the same that there is not sufficient evidence to recommend routine removal . We have always recommended that women who are concerned should speak to their surgeon or GP , " British Health Secretary Andrew Lansley in a statement . "  The NHS will support removal of PIP implants if , after this consultation , the patient still has concerns and with her doctor she decides that it is right to do so . "  We believe that private healthcare providers have a moral duty to offer the same service to their patients that we will offer to NHS patients -- free information , consultations , scans and removal if necessary , " Lansley said . But if clinics do not follow through , he added , the National Health Service will be called upon to step in and support patients . Ultimately , taxpayers may have to foot the bill in some cases . That 's not what Rowena Macintosh wants . She wants the private clinic and surgeon to pay to remove and replace the PIP implants as soon as possible , but she realizes that may not happen until after a long legal battle . She does n't regret the decision to get implants , she says , but she does wish she had chosen a different , more discerning clinic . "  And to think I 've got mattress silicone inside me and God knows what else they used , " she grimaces over a cup of tea in her kitchen . "  It 's just disgusting , really . "	A UK woman with implants worries about leaking silicone from her implants A French company is accused of using industrial grade silicone The French government has agreed to pay for replacement surgeries there Officials : the silicone is prone to rupture , but pose no immediate health risk
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- Each March , college basketball 's regular season fades from memory as fans and players gear up for the NCAA Tournament and all the hoopla that comes with it : The brackets . Cinderellas . Buzzer beaters . But this year was different . Long before March arrived , this season was officially Jimmered . Brigham Young University guard Jimmer Fredette spent his senior season torching opposing defenses and shooting 3-pointers from unguardable distances . "  In a day and age where there 's very little must-see TV , I think he 's must-see TV , " said David Locke , host of an afternoon sports radio show in Salt Lake City . Heading into the postseason , Fredette is n't just leading the nation in scoring  27.9 points per game  and starting to pile up player of the year awards . In the world of college hoops , the unassuming kid with the funny name is also tops in Twitter references and YouTube videos . He does n't really look the part -- undersized  listed at 6 feet 2 inches  and a little slow , with a linebacker 's shoulders . Yet he scores at will , inspires songs and is responsible for college basketball 's version of a catchphrase -- teams do n't just lose to BYU , they get Jimmered . "  He 's one of those guys you expect the ball to go in and when the ball does n't go in when he shoots it , you 're kind of like ` Wow , he just actually missed a shot , ' " says Bill Riley , the play-by-play announcer for BYU 's chief rival , the University of Utah . Fresh off a road win over then-No . 6 San Diego State , the Cougars looked like a sure-fire No. 1 or 2 seed in the NCAA Tournament -- a huge boon for a program that has yet to reach a Final Four . Then news broke that the team 's primary inside player , Brandon Davies , had been suspended indefinitely for violating the Mormon Church-owned school 's strict honor code . Critics called BYU too Jimmercentric before . Now the Cougars may have no choice but to feed him the ball early and often when the tournament begins next week . A social media ` phenomenon ' What separates Fredette from recent college basketball stars -- say , Stephen Curry or Adam Morrison -- is n't so much what he 's achieved on the court , but rather how much attention he 's garnered off it . It 's arguable whether the state of Utah has ever produced a better college basketball player -- Utah 's Keith Van Horn and Andrew Bogut and BYU 's Danny Ainge are close -- but there 's no comparing the hype . "  He 's a fabulous player , I 'm not trying to take anything away from him , but he 's a little bit of a social-networking phenomenon , " Locke said . Consider Fredette 's place in the hierarchy of collegiate sports . He does n't play for one of college basketball 's blue bloods like Duke or Kentucky . BYU plays in the relatively obscure Mountain West Conference with an abysmal TV contract . Jimmermania exploded on January 26 during a game on CBS College Sports , a network lost in the hinterlands of paid-TV programming . Fredette scored 43 that night in BYU 's first meeting against San Diego State , prompting defending NBA scoring champion Kevin Durant to famously tweet , "  Jimmer Fredette is the best scorer in the world . " In the week that followed , he became a sports media darling . Fans quickly learned that Fredette 's biography was just as compelling as his scoring ability . Raised in Glens Falls , New York , by a Catholic mother  who nicknamed him Jimmer ; his given name is James  and a converted Mormon father . His brother TJ served as a mentor and is now an aspiring rapper , best known for his song "  Amazing " and the accompanying Jimmer highlight reel on YouTube . Big brother took Jimmer to play pickup ball in New York , arranged games at a nearby prison against inmates and made him sign a contract that he 'd do everything in his power to reach the NBA . It 's a goal Jimmer will reach next season -- though scouts remain torn on his professional potential . In that last week of January , Fredette quickly rose from regional fame to household name -- and it did n't hurt that his name was a bit on the quirky side . "  If his name is James , I ca n't Twitter search James . But if somebody types in Jimmer , the only reason , they 're typing in Jimmer is because of  Fredette  , " said Locke . YouTube is is loaded with Fredette highlights , clip after clip of him raining 3s from seemingly ill-advised distances or twisting in the lane for how-did-he-do-that ? layups . "  He makes the long-range ones , but he 's really creative , really clever . ... Sometimes he uses his feet , sometimes he pauses , does all sorts of little things here and there that throw his defender off just enough where he can create space for himself and get off a shot , " said Jay Drew , who covers BYU for The Salt Lake Tribune and calls Fredette "  the mentally strongest athlete I 've covered in 20 years . " Music videos sing his praises , such as the multiple versions of a "  Teach Me How to Jimmer " song on YouTube . There is even a blond BYU student singing him an acoustic Valentine ode that goes , "  So baby come on over , be my point guard . " Heckling via Facebook But technology can have a downside , too . San Diego State fans organized a massive Facebook onslaught on Fredette 's girlfriend , BYU cheerleader Whitney Wonnacott . Students reportedly "  poked " her 7,000 times on the site before the February 26 game in San Diego . SDSU student Brent Duclos designed and sold "  I Poked Jimmer 's Girlfriend " T-shirts . "  They honestly were just meant as good fun , and of course to try and get into Jimmer 's head , " said Duclos via e-mail . Jimmer had a bit of an off day , scoring a mere 25 , but the Cougars won and Fredette and Wonnacott simply shrugged off the hijinks . To a degree , that 's part of college basketball and regionally part of playing for BYU . Some call the school the Duke of the West because of vitriol the school attracts from opposition -- love or hate , no middle ground . Somehow , Fredette seems to buck that trend . He 's heckled , to be sure , sometimes to classless degrees , but even opposing fans say they ca n't help but at least respect what he does . He 's unflappable . "  For the most part , you always have to respect a talented player , " said Duclos . "  I 've never seen as many off-axis , fade-away 3s in a career , let alone a season . That 's why it gives him a bigger target on his back compared to his teammates . " The real test , however , comes closer to home in Salt Lake City , where Utah fans are bred to hate BYU and boo their players relentlessly . "  He 's kind of that rare guy that even  University of Utah  Ute fans seem to appreciate what he 's done , whereas  normally  most of them would just hate the guy simply because he puts on a BYU jersey , " Drew said . Kristin Ward , a 20-year-old University of Utah junior , is n't about to start rooting for Fredette , but recognizes his ability -- especially after Jimmer 's monster 47-point performance at Utah 's Huntsman Center earlier this season . "  It was hard to watch and I do n't compliment BYU sports that often , but Jimmer 's a really good player and it 's interesting to watch a player that never misses and at the game against us , he never missed , " she said . "  He shot from everywhere and made it . "	BYU guard Jimmer Fredette is leading the nation in scoring and YouTube highlights "  He 's one of those guys you expect the ball to go in  when he shoots  , " announcer says Despite all the hoopla surrounding Fredette , scouts remain torn on his pro potential
CNN  "  Selma , " the new feature film about the civil rights struggle , is igniting a struggle of its own over who deserves credit -- or blame -- in the events of 50 years ago that are depicted in the movie . Some have taken issue with the portrayal of President Lyndon B. Johnson . Former LBJ administration officials are crying foul , saying that the portrayal of Johnson distorts and tarnishes the record of a man who had become an ally in the fight , committed to the goal and focused on how best to achieve the goal -- given the role of Congress and outside forces . Johnson 's legacy has long been overshadowed by the quagmire of the Vietnam War , and his supporters hope to burnish the image of his presidency by highlighting his efforts in passing the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . It 's the struggle for the latter that is portrayed in "  Selma . " But the movie shows Johnson as worried that the fight for voting rights will endanger the chances of success for other items on his Great Society agenda , and he pressures the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. to wait . When King is adamant , the film implies that Johnson even allows J. Edgar Hoover 's FBI to pressure the civil rights leader by sending his wife , Coretta Scott King , supposed audio recordings of King having sex with another woman . Even before the movie was in wide release , LBJ Presidential Library Director Mark Updegrove , writing in Politico , said , " ` Selma 's ' obstructionist LBJ is devoid of any palpable conviction on voting rights . Vainglorious and power hungry , he unleashes his zealous pit bull , FBI chief J. Edgar Hoover , on King . " Updegrove claims the movie "  flies in the face of history . " Writing in The Washington Post , Joseph A. Califano Jr. , one of Johnson 's top aides , accuses the movie of using "  dramatic , trumped-up license . " "  In fact , " he adds , "  Selma was LBJ 's idea , he considered the Voting Rights Act his greatest legislative achievement , he viewed King as an essential partner in getting it enacted -- and he did n't use the FBI to disparage him . " "  Selma " director Ava DuVernay responded to the criticism on Twitter , posting that the "  Notion that Selma was LBJ 's idea is jaw dropping and offensive to SNCC , SCLC and black citizens who made it so "  in a reference to the civil rights organizations Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and King 's Southern Christian Leadership Conference . In a subsequent tweet she told people not to take anyone 's word for it , but that "  Bottom line is folks should interrogate history . " Of course , once you start interrogating history , you rarely get simple answers . The actions and motivations of real people in real historical events are complicated and ambiguous . Once you take those real people and events and put them into a movie -- even one that strives for historic accuracy -- you add even more complications and ambiguity . It 's not possible to re-create , or even agree on , exactly what happened in the past . If those who forget the past are condemned to relive it , it seems that those who re-enact the past are condemned to revise it . Julian Zelizer : The real story behind ` Selma ' Johnson may be portrayed as flawed , but he 's certainly not the villain of the movie -- Alabama in 1965 had villains aplenty . Johnson is shown as a man with ambitious goals and strong-arm methods , and a cold pragmatism when it came to deciding what could be done when . It could be argued that -- like King -- LBJ is keeping his "  eyes on the prize , " and he 's not concerned if he tramples a few toes while he 's transfixed with the goal . He 's a politician , not a saint , and he concentrates more on what 's most doable than what 's most noble . He 's not above using the N-word in a private conversation with Alabama Gov. George Wallace , but he uses it while trying to get Wallace to offer protection to King 's marchers . Johnson may ultimately be on the side of the angels , but he 's willing to use devilry to achieve his goals . Like any great movie character -- or real human being -- he is complicated and multifaceted . In one of the scenes that has caused the most controversy , when King is urging a reluctant LBJ at the White House , they do it in front of a portrait of George Washington -- a subtle reminder of how long we have been discussing race in America . If the LBJ of "  Selma " is shown as imperfect , he 's not alone . The leaders in the many factions of the civil rights movement are shown as fractious , jealous of their prerogatives and at times petty . Even King 's shortcomings are on display , as it 's implied that the accusations of infidelities against him may be true . At one point , King , doubtful about his next move , is shown calling up gospel singer Mahalia Jackson for inspiration . Jackson was a strong supporter of the movement . In fact , King had called her to come down to Alabama during the Montgomery bus boycott . The very fact that we are dealing with real human beings and not abstractions is what makes their struggle seem even more impressive . Andrew Young : The miracle of Selma "  Selma " is a movie , not a documentary . It neither claims nor tries to give a 100 % accurate telling of the story -- or the events that led to this seminal moment in the civil rights struggles in the 1960s . Director DuVernay was even forced to rewrite the speeches of King used in the movie as loose paraphrases because his estate licensed his speeches to another studio for a different movie . As in any work of art , in this movie choices have to be made in what to portray and in how to portray it . The goal of art is to arrive at fundamental truths that do not rely on the details of incidents being portrayed for their relevance . And if a work of art is successful in that , it will illuminate the events in ways that transcend the time and place being portrayed , and transcend the time and place of the work of art itself . One of the choices made in the making of "  Selma " is to keep the focus on the marchers and the people who were putting their lives and safety on the line . Part of that focus may be because the director is an African-American woman . She may be trying to avoid the often annoying tendency of movies dealing with important events in African-American history to concentrate on white protagonists . Films such as "  Glory " and "  Mississippi Burning " sometimes treat the African-Americans whose stories are being told like they are passive agents in a narrative that depends on a white hero riding in to save the day , presumably on a white horse . The portrayals in "  Selma " should n't be seen as a dismissal of Johnson 's contributions to the fight civil rights , but as an affirmation of the struggles of the people who were in the middle of that fight , and who had vowed not to fight back with violence . It 's a case of keeping your eyes not only on the prize , but on the proper protagonists . Something else that may be at work here is that we are currently embroiled in another clash in the long , long struggle for equal rights with the ongoing protests over treatment of African-Americans under the justice system . It 's impossible to see the images of peaceful protesters being brutally attacked on the bridge in "  Selma " without being reminded of the images of Eric Garner being dragged to the ground in a chokehold . But both the protests today and the events depicted in the movie show that we need commitment and cooperation from good-hearted people of all races and creeds . At the end of the movie , viewers are updated on the subsequent fates of the people portrayed in the film , many of which we know all too well . I just wish that they had given an update on the fate of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . That postscript would have to say something like "  The Voting Rights Act of 1965 led a successful and productive life until 2013 when key provisions in it were struck down by the Supreme Court . It is currently on life support . " That would alert viewers to the need to continue the fight . Is "  Selma " a note-perfect recreation of everything that happened regarding the struggles in passing the Voting Rights Act of 1965 ? No , because it 's not meant to be . It 's meant to be something much more , and at that it succeeds . After watching the movie "  Selma , " I ca n't say I was at Selma . And I ca n't say I know what it must have felt like to be there . But I experienced a visceral reaction to a depiction of those events that inspired me , that motivated me ... and that made me want to march on as we continue the struggle for universal suffrage .	Donna Brazile : "  Selma " has stirred a controversy over its historical accuracy She says critics miss the point ; movie is n't a documentary , but it has a powerful message
CNN  -- New Sunderland owner Ellis Short insists that he will not interfere on the football side following his takeover of the English Premier League club . Sunderland chairman Niall Quinn , left , and new owner Ellis Short at the club 's final game of the season . The American billionaire will buy out the controlling interest of the Drumaville Consortium headed by club chairman Niall Quinn , upping his stake from 30 % to 100 % . Based in Texas , he has made the North-East club the fourth in the Premier League to have American owners , alongside Aston Villa , Manchester United and Liverpool . His move came hot on the heels of news on Wednesday that Portsmouth owner Alexandre Gaydamak had agreed to sell his club to United Arab Emirates businessman Dr Sulaiman Al Fahim -- who was previously instrumental in the Abu Dhabi United Group 's takeover of Manchester City . Short , who saw Sunderland avoid relegation on the final day of the season last weekend , told the club 's Web site that he will be sticking to the financial side of the business and allowing former Black Cats striker Quinn to deal with football operations . "  Niall runs the club , " the 48-year-old said . "  Niall is a very smart footballer , very smart about the Premier League and is a wonderful chairman of the club who knows more about football than I ever will , so I will be in the background and Niall will be running the show . "  I will be involved in things like finance . With me coming in , you get all of these other good ingredients that are already in place at the club and can add to that a streamlined decision making process , a streamlined board and with some financial ability to make some moves -- and we think that is the missing piece that this club has needed . " Short funded Sunderland 's transfer business last summer , with former manager Roy Keane spending large before surprisingly quitting in December after a poor run of results . His replacement Ricky Sbragia stood down last weekend after guiding the team to safety , and Sunderland have now been linked with a move for Wigan boss Steve Bruce . Short said he was prepared to further invest money in new players for next season . "  It 's a very big club with a lot of fans , a big stadium and a lot of revenue -- and when you are in a position where we are , trying to improve it , it takes money , " he said . "  But if that money is invested wisely , and the personnel decisions that you make are good ones , then I 'm not worried at all . I fully expect that Niall will be able to make good personnel decisions going forward . " Sunderland announced on Thursday that veteran Dwight Yorke was one of seven players to be released ahead of next season . The 37-year-old Trinidad and Tobago international , who is out of contract , will depart the Stadium of Light along with striker David Connolly , midfielder Arnau Riera , goalkeepers Darren Ward and Nick Colgan and young defenders Peter Hartley and Niall McArdle . Meanwhile , prospective Portsmouth owner Al Fahim has told fans he intends to build a "  great football club " once his takeover is completed . Pompey have accepted an offer from the Arab property magnate , and a period of due diligence will take place in the next few weeks . "  Everything I have seen makes me sure that we can build a great football club in the years to come , " he told arabianbusiness.com . "  Portsmouth has incredible history , and its fans are some of the most loyal in the world of football . I look forward not just to working with them , but listening to their views on how they want to take the club forward . "  I am the investor , but this is their club and their community -- and it is a privilege to be taking charge . "	New Sunderland owner Ellis Short insists he will not interfere with football matters American billionaire will leave chairman Niall Quinn to run that side of club Sunderland release seven players including veteran Dwight Yorke Portsmouth 's prospective new owner outlines his dreams for the club
Washington  CNN  -- When gunmen riddled bullets through Newtown , Chicago , Aurora and an alphabet soup of cities and towns across the country , the nation sent up collective wails of grief at the death of the innocents . America swore this time was different . Lawmakers vowed they 'd take a stand . But political seasons are fickle . So are the American people . Background checks on gun sales : How do they work ? In December , days after the Newtown , Connecticut , school shooting spree that left 20 children and seven adults dead , more than half of the nation favored stricter gun control laws , according to national polls . Less than six months later , that number dwindled to just over 40 % . Several national polls show that roughly 90 % of Americans support some form of universal background checks . However , that provision has faced intense pushback from some lawmakers and is a major sticking point even as Senate leader Harry Reid scheduled a vote Thursday to block the filibuster on comprehensive gun control reform . CNN Poll : Background checks popular , worrisome Instead , those negotiators may be on the verge of putting forth a watered-down version of background checks in order to salvage the broader gun control package wending through that chamber . Though FBI background checks are required for commercial sales , the proposal being considered would expand them to gun shows and internet sales , but they would not require checks for other private transactions , according to multiple sources familiar with the talks . Is this how democracy works ? "  If our democracy 's working the way it 's supposed to and 90 % of the American people agree on something , in the wake of a tragedy , you 'd think this would not be a heavy lift , " an exasperated President Obama said in West Hartford , Connecticut , on Monday . But the gun control debate -- with its at times befuddling plot twists -- highlights what many are loathe to admit : This is the way democracy works . Or at least this is the way democracy has worked with such similarly controversial measures as the Affordable Care Act and the bank bailouts -- both of which were pushed through despite public opposition . Public opinion does n't always equate to a legislative outcome . Yes , the gun control advocates are buoyed by the outrage of a grieving nation and a presidential administration 's powerful push . But the gun-rights advocates are backed by the powerful gun lobby and a motivated and vocal interest group -- the NRA . Add to that the public 's confusion about current gun laws , said Jon Vernick , co-director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research , and it 's a recipe for gridlock . Hope grows for compromise proposal on gun control "  It 's the usual stuff , " Vernick said . "  Historically politicians have feared even the smaller group of pro-gun folks more than the pro-gun violence prevention movement . " That 's because the gun advocates are motivated by that single issue and are far more likely than their more liberal-leaning gun control counterparts to be outspoken on that particular issue , policy experts said . "  What happens is that the gun owners , the gun enthusiasts are one-issue voters , and there 's been research done that shows that if you ask gun owners if they oppose gun control and you ask how vehement they are , they say ` it matters , ' " said Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the State University of New York at Albany 's School of Criminal Justice . "  Then you ask ` what have you done in opposing gun control . ' They say ' I donated money . I wrote to my congressman . I 've called my senator . ' " Those who support stricter gun controls are motivated by a broader mix of issues . "  When you ask the gun control people the same thing they 're like ` what do you mean . ' They have a bunch of things that matter , " Lizotte said . NRA ` plucks the bird ' to weaken gun proposals Gun rights voters are aided by the targeted efforts of the National Rifle Association , which has more than 4.3 million members . The powerful gun lobby and its allies in Congress use a sophisticated campaign -- constantly shifting the focus of the battle among various provisions , raising new arguments to old issues and proposing solutions that would expand weapons use and training instead of increasing regulation . The NRA also exerts its political clout through a rating system that identifies friends and foes of its positions in Congress and directs substantial contributions to political campaigns it favors or opponents of candidates it dislikes . From gun hater to NRA-loving mom Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , who received an A-rating by the NRA , has joined roughly a dozen similarly high-scoring Republicans in threatening to block Democrat-backed gun control legislation . Mayors Against Illegal Guns -- the group co-chaired by wealthy New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg battling the NRA in the recent gun control debate -- is using its opponent 's tactics against them , creating their own grading system for lawmakers , some of them facing re-election next year . "  At the end of the day , these guys represent their states , not the country , " said Jennifer Duffy , a senior editor at the Cook Political Report . "  They need to be in step with their constituents . " Outmatched Sometimes , even when those constituents vocally advocate for stricter gun control laws , they find themselves outmatched . Rob "  Biko " Baker , executive director of the League of Young Voters , a group which targets non-college , minority youth and encourages them to vote , said he remembers the NRA showing up at a community meeting with the families of gun violence victims in the predominantly black and urban north side of Milwaukee . "  It was on MLK Drive and they showed up two-to-one . They showed up with the slick talking . We knew they were going to come deep , but we thought we were going to out organize them , " Baker said . Ultimately , the measure Baker 's group was pushing -- a proposal to require background checks of all gun purchases -- failed to even get out of committee in the Wisconsin statehouse . Should anyone be allowed to buy guns ? Share your views "  We were making a common sense argument that black men are being targeted , " Baker said . "  It was pretty disheartening . I 've got ta walk the streets and talk to the mothers , and they still have open wounds . " Looking at the polls , the ones that President Obama pointed to as proof of the country 's broad support for his agenda on gun control , does n't tell the full story either . "  In every Quinnipiac University poll since the Newtown massacre , nationally and in six states , we find overwhelming support , including among gun owners , for universal background checks , " said Peter A. Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute . "  American voters agree with the National Rifle Association , however , that these background checks could lead someday to confiscation of legally owned guns . " By a 48 % -38 % margin , voters in a Quinnipiac University survey said that the government could use the information from universal background checks to confiscate legally owned guns . And gun owners believe 53 % -34 % that the checks could lead to confiscation of legal guns . There 's also a partisan divide on the question , with 61 % of Republicans , 51 % of independents and 32 % of Democrats expecting confiscations . Opinion : Why the NRA fights background checks The battleground of the states As blue states like Colorado , Maryland and New York take on tougher restrictions on gun purchases and expand background checks , red states are considering pre-emptive laws to nullify a possible federal assault weapons ban . The types of gun control measures that easily sailed through the state legislature in Maryland faced huge hurdles , sparked protests and even drew in such national players as Vice President Joe Biden and gun manufacturer Magpul Industries in Colorado . Even as Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper was signing into law stricter gun control measures , the Rocky Mountain Gun Owners Group was giving away "  a Winchester Super X Pump Marine Defender 12 Gauge Shotgun , courtesy of our friends at Cornerstone Arms in Colorado Springs " and several "  Gen-M2 PMAGS " on its Facebook page . "  It 's a promotional giveaway , " said Dudley Brown , executive director of Rocky Mountain Gun Owners . "  It looked like there was a chance of banning semiautomatic assault rifles , so it was an in your face ` OK then we 'll give them away then , ' " The group says it plans on giving away more guns and ammo between now and when the new laws take effect on July 1 . They also are focusing on federal lawmakers they feel might cave to efforts to pass stricter gun control laws . "  There are a number of weak-willed Republicans in the House , and we do n't want them to feel they have wind in their sails , " Brown said . "  We 're going to make Republicans pay the price . We are going to hold them accountable for their votes . Nothing is going to be done in secret . The days of smoke-filled rooms where even the institutional gun lobbies cut deals is over . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Tom Cohen and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Days after Newtown , more than half of the nation favored stricter gun control laws Less than six months later , that number dwindled to just over 40 % National polls show 90 % of Americans support some form of universal background checks
CNN  -- From the time she was an 11-year-old , blue-eyed , freckle-faced blonde until she was a 29-year-old woman with two children , Jaycee Dugard was kept locked away in a backyard compound of sheds and tarps by a couple who police say abducted her . Jaycee Dugard was locked in a shed tucked under a blue tarp in her alleged captor 's backyard . She was more than 160 miles from home , and her family had no idea where she was . Nobody else knew she was there except the couple who snatched her off the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe , California , in 1991 , and took her straight to the soundproof shed , police said . Dugard 's pocket of Phillip and Nancy Garrido 's backyard in Antioch , California , was so overgrown no one even knew it existed . The details about Dugard 's time in captivity emerged Thursday after one of Northern California 's most enduring mysteries was solved and the Garridos were arrested and accused of her kidnapping . Anyone who came across the couple 's backyard , littered with garbage cans and a dishwasher , would assume that it ended at a 6-foot fence . Watch aerial images of the backyard compound " "  You could walk through the backyard and never know there was another set of living circumstances , " said Fred Kollar , undersheriff of El Dorado County . "  There was nothing that would cause you to question it . You ca n't see it from either adjoining property . It was presumably well arranged . " But tucked away beyond the tangle of bushes , high grass and trees was a blue tarp that concealed the only world Dugard had known since her abduction . Kollar said the property had "  a hidden backyard within a backyard . " It included several sheds no taller than 6 feet , two tents and several outbuildings , "  where Jaycee and the girls spent most of their lives . " It also held a vehicle that matched the description of the car used in Dugard 's kidnapping , Kollar said . The "  secondary " backyard was inside the first and was "  screened from view . " One of the sheds was soundproof , he said . In it were sheds and tarps , a makeshift bathroom and shower , along with electricity supplied by extension cords . Kollar compared the primitive conditions to camping . Dugard lived for several years there by herself . The sheds were locked from the outside . She grew up and had her captor 's children there , and raised them there . "  None of them have ever been to school , they 've never been to a doctor , " Kollar said . "  They were kept in complete isolation in this compound , if you will , at the rear of the house , " he said . "  They were born there . " The children , both girls , are now 15 and 11 . "  They are all in good health , " Kollar said in response to a question about how Dugard and her children are doing . "  But living in a backyard for the last 18 years does take its toll . "	Jaycee Dugard locked in soundproof sheds in alleged captor 's backyard for 18 years Compound of sheds , tarps equipped with makeshift bathroom and shower Dugard also had two children with her captor , gave birth and raised them there Authorities : "  They were kept in complete isolation in this compound "
Financial Times  -- The chief executive of BTG Pactual has been fined for insider trading by Italian regulators in a move that has forced the rapidly growing Brazilian investment bank to amend the prospectus for its high-profile listing next week . Consob , the Italian financial watchdog , imposed a $ 350,000 fine and a six-month ban from senior positions at Italian companies on Andr Esteves for a purchase of shares worth $ 3.4 m in beef producer Cremonini five years ago . The news marked a blow for the Rio de Janeiro-based bank just as it is gearing up for a public offering next week that values it at up to $ 15bn , making it the first significant IPO in Brazil in more than nine months . BTG Pactual said Mr Esteves was informed on April 13 of the result of the Consob investigation and had decided to appeal . "  This decision is still subject to appeal in the administrative domain and , by its nature , does not include any consequences in the criminal domain , " the investment bank said . Italy 's Consob , which in February ordered the seizure of $ 4.2 m of Mr Esteves ' assets , said the 43-year-old Latin American banker bought the shares in November 2007 knowing that the group was planning to enter a joint venture with Brazilian rival JBS . The joint venture was announced in December 2007 but has since collapsed amid acrimony between the two companies . The bank had mentioned "  ongoing civil , non-criminal investigation in Europe " against Mr Esteves in its IPO prospectus published at the beginning of the month , without providing any detail at the time . In that prospectus , the bank said that regardless of the investigation 's outcome , it did not believe there would be an adverse effect on BTG Pactual , including on the capacity of Mr Esteves to serve in his present roles . In 2007 , Mr Esteves , who ranks as Brazil 's 13th-richest individual , was employed by UBS where he worked as global head of fixed income after selling BTG Pactual to the Swiss bank for $ 2.5 bn when he was just 37 years old . Mr Esteves bought BTG Pactual back from UBS in 2009 after the onset of the financial crisis , selling a stake in the firm the following year to three sovereign wealth funds that valued it at about $ 10bn . BTG Pactual declined to comment on the Consob fine . But people close to Latin America 's largest independent investment bank said the fine affected neither the bank nor the IPO . "  This is a bit embarrassing but it is irrelevant and essentially without merit , " one person said . The planned flotation on April 26 will value Mr Esteves 's stake at up to $ 5bn and will show that 35 other senior partners own stakes worth more than $ 150m each . But Mr Esteves and his partners will not use the IPO to cash out of the company . After the listing , the partners will only trade shares among themselves and not sell them on the public market .  The Financial Times Limited 2012	The chief executive , Andr Esteves , of BTG Pactual has been fined for insider trading Esteves was banned from senior positions at Italian companies The news marked a blow for the Rio de Janeiro-based bank
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two popular anti-smoking drugs will now carry warnings about the risk of severe mental health problems , the Food and Drug Administration announced Wednesday . "  Smoking is the leading cause of preventable disease , disability and death , " an FDA official said . The FDA said Chantix and Zyban will carry the warnings to alert consumers to the risks of depression and suicidal thoughts when using the drugs . The drugs also have been reported to cause changes in behavior , hostility and agitation in users , whether users had a history of psychiatric illness or not . In many cases , side effects started shortly after use began and ended when the medication was stopped . The FDA does not know what is causing the changes and said people taking these products should be monitored by their doctor . "  The risk of serious adverse events while taking these products must be weighed against the significant health benefits of quitting smoking , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  Smoking is the leading cause of preventable disease , disability and death in the United States , and we know these products are effective aids in helping people quit . " The agency also is requiring Pfizer Inc. , which makes Chantix , and GlaxoSmithKline , maker of Zyban , to conduct a study looking at how often these serious symptoms occur . Pfizer says it updated its label in 2007 to include information of neuropsychiatric symptoms and has revised the label again to reflect Wednesday 's warning . "  The labeling update underscores the important role of health care providers in treating smokers attempting to quit and provides specific information about Chantix and instructions that physicians and patients should follow closely , " said Dr. Briggs W. Morrison , senior vice president of the primary care development group at Pfizer . "  Quitting smoking is one of the best things people can do for their health , but the quitting process is both difficult and complex . " The FDA says that since Chantix was approved in 2006 , the agency has had reports of 98 suicides and 188 attempted suicides . Zyban has had reports of 14 suicides and 17 attempts . Zyban contains the same active ingredient as the antidepressant Wellbutrin and already carried a box warning about the increased risk of suicidal thinking and behavior . Neither Chantix nor Zyban contains nicotine , and the FDA said some symptoms could be the result of nicotine withdrawal . Still , the agency said , people using these drugs experienced some of these symptoms while they were still smoking . In a review of side effects in patients using the nicotine patch , the agency said it did n't find a clear link between those products and suicidal events .	FDA : Chantix and Zyban will carry warnings about mental health risks Risks include depression and suicidal thoughts when using the drugs Drug makers must conduct study how often these serious symptoms occur Some symptoms could be the result of nicotine withdrawal
London  CNN  -- To Iraqi artist Hanaa ' Malallah her shoes are weapons of mass destruction that appear in many of her works . Her inspiration is an incident in 2008 , when Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi threw his shoes at former president George W. Bush , five years after the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . The invasion was aimed at rooting out Saddam Hussein 's weapons of mass destruction , but U.S. inspectors eventually conceded that he did not have any . Malallah 's exhibition , "  Iraq -- How , Where , For Whom ? " held jointly with the British duo kennardphillipps , opens in London on Friday April 20 . Her shoes appear in a photograph labeled I.W.M.D  Iraq 's Weapon 's of Mass Destruction  . They are also embroidered on an American flag , on an Iraqi flag , and the originals are in a glass display case . "  They are my shoes , " said Malallah . "  I bought them after I arrived in Britain and I used them for three years . " She added : "  Shoes are our way of resistance . It 's all we have . My resistance is through art . " Malallah , formerly a university art lecturer in Baghdad , says she left Iraq in late 2006 after two of her colleagues were killed and she received threats from militias . She now lives in Britain . "  They started to kill a lot of academics , " she said . "  I was a woman without a headscarf , teaching in the university and I received threats , so I had to leave . "  Two months after I left , a group of militias entered my home and stole everything . My sister called to say my flat had gone . "  I do n't have anyone left there now and I think I would lose my life just like that if I went back . It 's hard . There are no words to describe it , so I use my art to explain . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Can Baghdad be beautiful again ? Malallah said her art reflects three decades of living with war in Iraq , from the Iran-Iraq war of the 1980s through the first Gulf War in 1991 and subsequent sanctions , to the U.S.-led invasion of 2003 and the chaos that followed . Much of her work uses what she describes as the "  ruins technique , " using burnt fabric to depict destruction , often on abstract canvases . She said she experienced the war by "  tasting " it , as there was no electricity or media to provide information . Describing life in Baghdad since 1991 , Malallah said : "  Baghdad was heavily bombed in the First Gulf War . It was hell out of the world . I saw destruction every day and I lived with death every day . "  There was a shortage of food , water and electricity , but you have to survive . Many managed to survive and a lot did n't . Three of my students were killed working in the artistic area . "  I speak to my colleagues by phone and there are still big problems and people dying every day for lots of reasons . " She added : "  I hated Saddam Hussein , but we were better off than now . At least there was a government . If we want to remove a dictator , we have to do it by ourselves . " Malallah 's work is shown alongside that of the British duo kennardphillipps , Peter Kennard and Cat Phillipps , who started collaborating in late 2002 in opposition to the proposed invasion of Iraq . "  We were going on all the anti-war demos , but it was evident the invasion was going to happen anyway and we wanted to find another way to protest against it , " said Phillipps . They create work from media images of the war , such as photo montages and collages from newspaper clippings . Their most famous work , a photomontage called "  Photo Op , " is a digitally altered image that shows a smiling Tony Blair , the British prime minister at the time of the invasion , in front of an explosion . Also on Inside the Middle East : Artists use email scams to scoop prize Another , called "  Presidential Seal , " shows the American president 's empty podium , with the microphones pointing to a backdrop of newspaper clippings and photos which have been smashed with a hammer , creating an impression of debris and chaos . Malallah hopes the exhibition will eventually be shown in Iraq . She said most professional artists had fled the country , leaving a dearth of new talent . "  It 's a very bad situation for artists in Iraq at the moment , " said Malallah . "  They have no contact with the outside world . "  There are a lot of good artists who have left the country and it has really affected those who are left . " "  Iraq -- How , Where , For Whom ? " opens at The Mosaic Rooms , in London , on Friday April 20 and runs until June 8 , 2012 .	Hanaa ' Malallah says she left Iraq in 2006 after receiving threats from militias Inspired by Iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at George W. Bush , she says shoes are her "  resistance " She has joint exhibition with British duo kennardphillipps
CNN  -- A trailer carrying revelers on a haunted night ride overturned Saturday in Maine , sending at least 15 people , including two by helicopter , to area hospitals , a fire official said . The accident happened during what 's called The Gauntlet , a spooky hayride through forest and including "  things that jump and scream in the night . " The activity is part of Pumpkin Land , a venue featuring a variety of Halloween-themed activities in Mechanic Falls , about 30 miles north of Portland . David Clukey , of the Mechanic Falls Fire Department , said multiple people were injured when the tractor-trailer flipped . Seven fire departments and three police departments -- including state police -- rushed to the scene , according to Clukey . Clukey did n't offer details on the state of the injured , beyond that two people were flown out by helicopters and 13 others were transported by ambulance to Central Maine Medical Center and St. Mary 's Regional Medical Center , both about 15 miles away in Lewiston . Jennifer Johnson , a nursing supervisor at St. Mary 's , said her hospital had received seven patients -- all of them stable -- from the incident . Authorities remained on the scene Saturday night investigating the cause of the accident . In 2011 : Police get 911 call from hayride CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A trailer flips over during a haunted hayride in Mechanic Falls , Maine , fire official says Helicopters are used to fly 2 people to the hospital ; 13 others go by ambulance Authorities are investigating the cause of the accident
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama , meeting with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak in Seoul on Thursday , said he will send envoy Stephen Bosworth to North Korea next month for bilateral talks on dismantling Pyongyang 's nuclear program . "  If North Korea is prepared to take concrete and irreversible steps to fulfill its obligations and eliminate its nuclear weapons program , the United States will support economic assistance and help promote its full integration into the community of nations , " Obama said . "  That opportunity and respect will not come with threats . North Korea must live up to its obligations . " Bosworth 's trip is slated for December 8 . "  Convincing North Korea to give up their nuclear program , it is not a simple matter , " according to Lee , who said there 's no deadline , at the joint news conference with Obama . "  It 's not going to be easy , but I believe it is possible that we can resolve this issue peacefully . " The development comes at the end of the U.S. president 's tour of Asia , which included stops in Japan , Singapore and China before his visit to South Korea . In recent weeks North Korea has sought direct talks with the United States in what American officials saw as a possible re-entry to full negotiations with the United States and other countries over ending Pyongyang 's nuclear program . A Bosworth mission had already been announced , but a date was not previously mentioned publicly . The United States has been careful to describe the trip as only a limited diplomatic foray and one not designed to replace the fuller negotiations . "  From our standpoint , the purpose will be to facilitate the early resumption of the six-party talks , " P.J. Crowley said at a U.S. State Department briefing last week . The so-called six-party talks on North Korea 's nuclear program had come to a standstill . But the Bosworth trip could lead to new negotiations between North Korea and the United States , South Korea , Japan and Russia and China . "  We are very realistic about our expectations , " he said . "  We come to this meeting prepared to engage North Korea in the context of the six-party talks , but obviously the bottom line here is that North Korea has to take affirmative steps toward denuclearization . That remains our core objective . "	United States careful to describe Bosworth trip as only limited diplomatic foray In recent weeks North Korea has sought direct talks with the United States Envoy Bosworth 's trip to North Korea slated for December 8 Trip could lead to new negotiations and move six-party talks away from standstill
Paul Ryan on Wednesday night told a story about then-presidential candidate Barack Obama telling automotive workers that government can help keep their plant going -- an account that Ryan reportedly got wrong previously . Did the Wisconsin congressman get it right as he accepted the GOP nomination for vice president at the Republican National Convention ? Ryan discussed Obama 's February 2008 speech at the General Motors plant in Janesville , Wisconsin -- a plant that eventually closed . According to Ryan , Obama had said that "  if our government is there to support you ... this plant will be here for another hundred years . " Fact Check : Rand Paul , Obama and debt The statement : "  When he talked about change , many people liked the sound of it , especially in Janesville , where we were about to lose a major factory . A lot of guys I went to high school with worked at that GM plant . Right there at that plant , candidate Obama said : ' I believe that if our government is there to support you , this plant will be here for another hundred years . ' That 's what he said in 2008 . Well , as it turned out , that plant did n't last another year . It is locked up and empty to this day . " The facts : First , some context . Ryan reportedly recalled this event incorrectly just days ago , during an August 16 speech in Ohio . Ryan reportedly alleged that Obama said he 'd "  keep that plant open , " and therefore broke his promise because the plant closed . "  That plant was shut down in 2009 . I remember President Obama visiting it when he was first running , saying he 'll keep that plant open , " Ryan said , according to the Janesville Gazette . "  One more broken promise . " The Detroit News pointed out that Obama made no such promise in the February 13 , 2008 , speech , and indeed , we 've seen no account suggesting that Obama did . Here is the quote at issue , according to an account kept by the Council on Foreign Relations : "  I know that General Motors received some bad news yesterday , and I know how hard your governor has fought to keep jobs in this plant . But I also know how much progress you 've made -- how many hybrids and fuel-efficient vehicles you 're churning out , " Obama said . "  And I believe that if our government is there to support you , and give you the assistance you need to re-tool and make this transition , that this plant will be here for another hundred years . " By "  bad news , " Obama apparently was referring to GM 's February 12 , 2008 , announcement that it had a $ 38.7 billion adjusted net loss for 2007 . So , back on August 16 of this year , it does appear Ryan was wrong for saying Obama promised to keep it open . The News and the Gazette went further , reporting that the plant halted production in December 2008 , and saying that Ryan essentially was criticizing Obama for failing to save a plant that closed before Obama took office . However , while December 2008 saw the end of the vast majority of the plant 's work , the Gazette itself has reported that the plant did n't close fully until April 2009 . Here 's a timeline : June 2008 : GM announces that the Janesville plant will stop production of medium-duty trucks by the end of 2009 , and stop production of large SUVs such as the Chevy Tahoe and Suburban and the GMC Yukon in 2010 or sooner , depending on market demand . December 23 , 2008 : SUV production ends , and more than 2,000 GM workers are laid off , according to the Gazette . Medium truck production continues . April 23 , 2009 : The plant 's medium-duty assembly line , which produced an Isuzu line , closes , ending vehicle production at the plant and resulting in the loss of 57 production jobs , according to the Gazette . GM then put the plant on standby , meaning it could reactivate the facility if it decides it needs to ramp up production . Now , compare Ryan 's Wednesday night statement with the one he gave on August 16 . On Wednesday , Ryan said nothing of Obama making a promise , but rather quoted him . The quote is truncated  in Ryan 's prepared remarks released to the media , an ellipsis replaces the missing words , "  give you the assistance you need to re-tool and make this transition "  but essentially is correct . The only thing Ryan appears to have gotten technically wrong in Wednesday 's version was saying that the plant did n't last another year . It did last another year -- more like 14 months -- if the Isuzu line and its 57 workers count . So , though Ryan might have been incorrect in the August 16 telling , he cleaned it up for Wednesday 's convention . Obama said what Ryan said he said . But to fairly evaluate Obama 's statement , at least two pieces of context -- missing from Ryan 's account -- would be useful : First , that Obama was n't telling this plant that he 'd save it from a pending closure . He was n't addressing a plant that he knew to be closing , because the closure announcement did n't come until four months after his speech . Second , although the plant 's last bit of production stopped early in Obama 's presidency and the plant remains closed , the closure was planned before Obama became president . Verdict : True , but incomplete . Fact Check : Paul Ryan misleads on debt panel 's spending cut plan	Paul Ryan criticizes '08 Barack Obama quote about GM plant Most of Wisconsin plant 's production stopped months after statement ; all production stopped in '09 Earlier this month , Ryan incorrectly said Obama broke a promise Ryan cleaned up account at convention , but important context still missing
CNN  -- In case you have n't noticed , President Obama has been flexing his executive muscles lately . On paper , it 's a head-scratcher . After all , he lost control of the Senate in the last election . His popularity is hovering near an all-time low . And , of course , he 's a lame duck . Only no one seems to have told him . It 's as if he has shed his Clark Kent-ish demeanor for the more flamboyant cape . He 's no Superman , to be sure , but he 's spending an awful lot of time lately trying to get off the ground . So , after suffering a political shellacking , he 's showing he still has some muscle , using executive authority everywhere he believes he can . President Bill Clinton famously declared his relevance , months after losing control of the House in 1994 . Obama , on the other hand , is literally leaping into unilateral action : On immigration ! On climate change ! On regulating the Internet ! On Cuba ! "  I 'm energized , " said a buoyant President in his year-end press conference , Friday . "  I 'm excited about the prospects for the next couple of years . And I 'm certainly not going to be stopping for a minute ... " Translation : This is the new , all-drama Obama . And all of that pent-up energy , ambition and action , barely two months after losing control of the Senate . "  Anyone would become annoyed and frustrated if you were accused of being a wuss , " says a senior Democratic policy adviser . "  And it 's always better to be on offense than defense . " It was n't exactly a state secret that Obama had a lot on his to-do list after the election . The thinking , according to a knowledgeable source : He felt constrained and frustrated by his tactical responsibilities to Democrats in trouble . Do n't rock the boat . Do n't make Democrats take hard votes . Do n't even campaign in red states . So he did n't . And , as it turns out , the restraint helped not one whit . So now , with the clock ticking , he 's moved from party cheerleader to the head of the executive branch . It 's Katie-bar-the-door , with or without the Congress . At the press conference today , the President strongly hinted at a veto of the Keystone XL Pipeline -- so take that Republicans and red-state Democrats . And he wants tax reform , too . 'T is the season for a presidential list , and he 's checking it twice -- as his legacy looms . Everything he is doing redefines the very notion of a lame duck . But here 's what this flurry of activity also defines : the 2016 presidential race . In forcing the Cuba issue front and center , for instance , Republican presidential wannabes have to respond . So , too , on Obama 's moves on immigration . All sorts of new tests of conservative loyalty are being created by these moves . And some candidates could find themselves pushed in a direction they might not otherwise go . For instance , parse the differences between Republican pre-presidential candidates Marco Rubio , Jeb Bush and Rand Paul on Obama 's Cuba deal . Rubio called the President the "  single worst negotiator we have had in the White House in my lifetime . " Bush did not like the deal , but stopped short of name-calling . "  I do n't think we should be negotiating with a repressive regime , " Bush said -- a long way from Rubio 's accusation that the President was "  willfully ignorant " and "  na  ve . " And Rand Paul went even further in Obama 's direction , saying , "  Opening up Cuba is probably a good idea . " In appealing to the younger Cuban-American demographic , Obama is making the Republicans choose sides . And he 's gambling that the numbers are with him . Eventually , Democrats will have to do the same . If Obama 's audacity turns out to be misdirected , Hillary Clinton will have to explain -- and likely defend -- it . If he 's not pro-active enough , the Elizabeth Warren wing of the party will react . It 's a clich  that presidential campaigns are generally defined by the president who served before . Barack Obama is actively making sure that 's the case . But there 's one caveat in this new , muscular , pro-active Obama-world : It just might lead to higher expectations . Which is exactly where Obama began -- and then faded .	Gloria Borger : Obama uses executive powers aggressively despite electoral losses She says Obama does n't have to soft-pedal his stances , since he faces no more elections Obama has acted on immigration , climate change and Cuba in a matter of weeks Borger : The moves are going to scramble the races for president in 2016
InStyle.com  -- Here are some simple and easy tips to turn back the clock . 1 . Brighten up with concealer Why stop at undereye circles ? Dab it on the inner and outer corners of eyes , the outer sides of nostrils , and either end of the lips and -- bam ! -- everything will suddenly lift up . Says New York makeup artist Mally Roncal , "  People will start asking who your surgeon is . " 2 . Be careful with color Leave the hair extremes to Lady Gaga . "  If you over-highlight your blond hair , you lose the golden tones that keep it looking youthful and pretty , " says New York colorist Louis Licari . "  And hair that is dyed too dark is unnatural . " 3 . Perk up a saggy butt The hollows of our cheeks are n't the only places that succumb to gravity as we age : Our bottoms tend to be less buoyant too . To give them a lift , Susie Crippen of J Brand recommends checking the label of every pair of jeans before buying . "  Make sure they have at least 2 percent stretch , like Lycra , " she says . "  Pants with more than 98 percent cotton can stretch out as soon as you wear them and give no support . " 4 . Shine on Years of blow-drying and styling take a toll on hair , leaving it lackluster . Restore the healthy shine with a clear , conditioning gloss  you can do it at home with Fekkai 's  . For everyday sparkle , apply a shine serum  try Redken Color Extend Shine Enrich serum  . 5 . Find the perfect bra Get a professional bra fitting , and do n't get hung up on the numbers  or letters  . "  A good bra elevates your chest to a higher altitude , giving you a longer , slimmer-looking waist , both of which read younger , " says New York stylist Annabel Tollman . 6 . Give some lip service It 's undeniable : Even the juiciest lips lose volume as we get older . Dark , matte lipsticks only accentuate that fact . Switch to pink gloss the brighter color makes your kisser appear fuller , younger and smoother . 7 . Fake an eye lift To correct a droopy upper eyelid , New York makeup artist Paula Dorf recommends artful contouring . Use a light-colored shadow near the lash line and a deeper shade in an arc above the crease where the lid is dropping . "  The lighter shade makes the bottom of the lid more visible , while the darker shade makes the puffy top part recede , " says Dorf . The result ? A more wide-eyed , youthful look . 8 . Get a little cheeky "  As we age the fat pads in our cheeks fall , " explains Beverly Hills plastic surgeon Gabriel Chiu . But you can defy nature : Prevelle Silk , a new hyaluronic acid dermal filler  $ 250 -- $ 400 per syringe  "  lasts for three months , and you can see the skin-plumping effects right away . " Searching for something subtler ? A bright pink blush has a similar payoff , illuminating the cheekbone and drawing the eye upward . 9 . Lose the powder makeup Dry makeup makes skin look crpey and old , says Dorf . As you get older and your skin produces less oil , dewy makeup is more flattering . Consider switching to a lightweight tinted moisturizer with luminizing effects  we love By Terry 's new formula  and cream versions of blush and bronzer . And do n't forget highlighter : A few drops of well-placed shimmer on cheekbones are the makeup equivalent of good lighting . 10 . Mix things up Matchy-matchy style is n't modern -- at any age . "  Always throw in something unexpected , like messy hair , a casual jacket , or flats with a fancy dress , " says Annabel Tollman . "  It will energize your look by a decade . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Experts offer some tips on how women can turn back time on their looks Stylist : Good bra elevates your chest , giving you longer , slimmer-looking waist LILightbright lip gloss make lips appear fuller , younger and smoother Make sure jeans have at least 2 percent stretch , like Lycra
A five-year-old ban on the use of trans fats in New York City restaurants has sharply reduced the consumption of these unhealthy fats among fast-food customers , a study by city health officials has found . In 2007 , the New York City Board of Health , spurred on by the administration of Mayor Michael Bloomberg , adopted a regulation that forced restaurants to all but eliminate the use of partially hydrogenated vegetable oils and spreads , the main sources of trans fats in the U.S. diet . The ban appears to have had the intended effect . A new analysis of thousands of lunch receipts , collected at fast-food chains before and after the ban went into effect , estimates that the average trans fat content of customers ' meals has dropped by 2.5 grams , from about 3 grams to 0.5 grams . Additionally , the proportion of meals containing less than 0.5 grams -- an amount generally considered negligible -- increased from 32 % to 59 % between 2007 and 2009 . "  For consumers , the transition was seamless . Most New Yorkers did n't even notice , " says Christine Curtis , a coauthor of the study and the director of the city 's Nutrition Strategy Program . "  And now we know that it has really made a difference . " Health.com : The 22 worst foods for trans fat The study is the first to examine the real-world impact of trans fat restrictions in restaurants , Curtis and her colleagues say . And it suggests that health regulations at the local level can have a measurable effect on public consumption -- an important finding at a time when another pending citywide ban , this one on large sodas and sugary drinks , is generating headlines and controversy . The study included fast-food chains such as McDonald 's , Burger King , Subway , KFC and Pizza Hut . Although the analysis was limited to New York City , many of those chains have chosen to eliminate trans fats nationwide as a result of the ban , Curtis says . "  It 's a big health benefit for New Yorkers , but really we 're looking at a much broader impact , as well , " she says . Restaurants and food manufacturers use partially hydrogenated oils and fats in baking , frying and food processing .  Small amounts of trans fats also occur naturally in meat and dairy products .  Trans fats have been shown to raise "  bad " LDL cholesterol while lowering "  good " HDL cholesterol , and even moderate consumption has been linked to an increased risk of heart disease . Health.com : High cholesterol ? Know the good and bad fats As of 2006 , the Food and Drug Administration  FDA  has required food manufacturers to include trans fats on the nutritional label of packaged foods . But because Americans eat more than one-third of their meals outside the home , this regulation addressed only part of the problem . The New York City ban , which was phased in between 2007 and 2008 , was the first of its kind to target trans fats in restaurants , bakeries and other food-service establishments . The ban prohibits restaurants from serving foods or using ingredients that contain 0.5 grams or more of trans fats per serving .  The 0.5-gram cutoff is a nod to the FDA , which allows foods containing less than that amount to claim "  zero " trans fats on their labels . The restaurant industry initially opposed the ban , arguing that eliminating trans fats would be expensive and would alter the taste and texture of foods . Despite these early concerns , most restaurants were able to meet the new requirements by reformulating their recipes , reducing portion sizes and introducing new and healthier menu options , Curtis and her colleagues say . Health.com : Easy food swaps that cut cholesterol , not taste In the new study , published this week in the Annals of Internal Medicine and funded by the City of New York and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , researchers at the city 's department of health estimated trans fat intake by comparing nearly 15,000 lunch receipts from 168 fast-food locations with the nutritional info for the corresponding menu items . At the time the ban went into effect , some health advocates , including the American Heart Association , expressed concern that reducing trans fats would lead to an increase in the use of saturated fat , which also contributes to heart disease . But that does n't seem to have happened . The average saturated fat content of lunchtime meals showed only a slight increase , 0.55 grams , between 2007 and 2009 . The study provides a partial picture of the ban 's effect , however . The researchers looked only at large fast-food chains , which are generally required to publish the nutritional content of their products , so they ca n't say how the ban has affected trans fat content at non-chain restaurants and other establishments . Health.com : 10 states that consume too much fast food The new study comes just weeks after Mayor Bloomberg announced plans to restrict the sale of sugary drinks larger than 16 ounces in New York City . While the two bans address different health issues -- fat versus sugar -- the soda restriction could have a similar impact , says Alice Lichtenstein , a professor of nutrition science and policy at Tufts University , in Boston . The trans fat ban worked because it gave consumers a healthier default option and did n't require them to make a conscious change in their eating habits , Lichtenstein says . A ban on large sodas would accomplish much the same thing by eliminating an unhealthy menu item , although it will still address just one aspect of a much larger issue . "  The biggest health threat we face is our total caloric intake within the context of our physical activity levels and sedentary lives , " says Lichtenstein , who wrote an editorial accompanying the study . "  These changes are just small drops in that bucket , but we have to keep an open mind and try multiple approaches if we want to find more strategies that really work . "	There is a five-year-old ban on the use of trans fats in New York City 's restaurants Health regulations at the local level can have a measurable effect on public consumption Many chains have chosen to eliminate trans fats nationwide as a result of the ban
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama told Hispanic leaders and immigration reform activists Thursday that despite frustrations with the delays in fixing the country 's immigration system , he 's going to need them to have his back . After punting on taking executive action on immigration until after the midterms , Obama pledged Thursday evening at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute that he will act on immigration before the end of the year . "  The moment I act -- and it will be taking place between the November election and the end of the year -- opponents of reform will roll out the same old scare tactics , " Obama said . "  And when opponents are out there saying who knows what , I 'm going to need you to have my back . " Obama was interrupted by one heckler that The Hill newspaper identified as Blanca Hernandez , an undocumented immigrant activist , who shouted "  we need relief now " and was escorted out by security . Obama emphasized Thursday that he ca n't accomplish real , long-term change without what he called the "  powerful " Latino vote . "  Si se puede , si votamos . Yes we can , if we vote , " Obama told the crowd to applause . That rallying call , reminiscent of his 2008 campaign slogan , piles on top of Democratic efforts to mobilize lackluster Latinos who appear less likely to support Democrats in November despite strong backing in recent cycles , according to the Washington Post . "  Nothing I can do will be as comprehensive or lasting as the Senate bill . Anything I can do can be reversed by the next President , " Obama said . While Obama pushed back his plans for executive action this summer and a bipartisan Senate bill on immigration reform last year failed to pick up steam in the House , Obama insisted that his administration has done a lot to benefit Latinos in his nearly six years in office . Obama rattled off a list of campaign promises that he said he has kept : from confronting "  the crisis of overcrowded classrooms and underfunded schools " to fixing the "  broken health care system that left one out of three Hispanics uninsured . " "  The progress we 've made has been hard . Sometimes it 's been slower than we want , but that progress has been steady and it has been real . We have big things together and we 're going to do more , " Obama said . And fixing immigration reform falls under that category of "  more . " "  Fixing our broken immigration system is one more big thing that we have to do and that we will do , " Obama said .	Obama pledged to take action on immigration reform by the end of the year . Obama was interrupted by an undocumented immigrant activist . Obama listed accomplishments that he said have specifically benefited Latinos in the U.S.
CNN  -- Veteran Portugal international Deco is poised to end his career in the country of his birth after agreeing to join Fluminense , the Brazilian club announced on Saturday . The 32-year-old midfielder will leave English champions Chelsea and sign a two-year contract on Monday , Fluminense revealed on the club 's website . "  The vice president of Fluminense , Alcides Antunes , has officially signed Deco from Chelsea , " a statement said . "  After intense negotiations , the player , who participated in two World Cups for the Portugal national team , got his release from the English club and will sign a two-year contract with the Tricolor . Deco will be officially presented to the press at 12:30  local time  on Monday . " Deco , who played just once as Portugal reached the second round in South Africa , made only 14 starts for Chelsea in the Premier League last season . He struggled to make an impact in England , having been signed by former Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari in 2008 . Deco , who was born in Sao Bernardo do Campo in Sao Paulo state , was previously a big hit at Spanish club Barcelona , where he won the Champions League for the second time in 2006 following his triumph with Porto two years previously . He started his career in Brazil , playing for Corinthians before Benfica took him to Portugal in 1997 , and he subsequently played more than 70 times for his adopted nation . Deco will join former Barcelona teammate Juliano Belletti at Fluminense , who signed the Brazil international defender last month following his release by Chelsea . Meanwhile , Spanish midfielder Mikel Arteta has signed a new five-year contract with English Premier League club Everton , ending speculation that the 28-year-old would be leaving .	Brazilian club Fluminense to unveil signing of Chelsea midfielder Deco on Monday Portugal international will sign a two-year contract as he returns to country of his birth The 32-year-old struggled to make an impact in two seasons in England He has twice won the UEFA Champions League with Barcelona and Porto
New York  CNN  -- The world 's largest computer chip maker Intel faces an uncertain future . In a post-PC world where mobile is king , the Silicon Valley stalwart is aware it 's fallen behind on innovation . But in an effort to turn the tide , Intel unveiled a bevy of concept products reflecting the latest industry trend -- the Internet of Things  IoT  at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas earlier this month . There were gesture tracking 3D cameras , smart earbuds that can track fitness activities , a bluetooth personal assistant headset nicknamed "  Jarvis " after Iron Man 's own virtual aide , a baby monitor of the future in the form of a onesie that observes the child and relays information back to the parent and smart watches galore . Behind the bold strategic expansion is Renee James , the highest-ranked female at the company and president of Intel . A veteran of the tech giant with over 25 years experience , James makes up one half of Intel 's new two-person executive duo along with CEO Brian Krzanich . Together they manage over 100,000 employees worldwide . "  We 're very excited about the strategy and what we 're going to do with the company , " James tells CNN . "  When I started in this industry , we were all about building PCs , in the early-mid 90s . And PCs at the time changed the way people lived . "  We invented mobile laptops , so we were very good at a certain kind of mobile . What we did n't do , and I think that we got behind on , was going even lower -- phones . " With an established smartphone market already in place , James is pushing the chip maker to focus on the recently announced "  Edison " product which they tout as a computer the size of an SD card and other highly-integrated smaller processors like their new "  Quark " chips , tailor-made for wearable tech applications . The software side of the business is an arena she knows well . Over the years James -- who was recently named one of Fortune 's most powerful women in business -- has spearheaded company strategy through various R&D leadership positions at Intel . "  I do a lot more of what you would consider operational , the manufacturing , human resources . But I did keep the business units that I had before -- software services , security . " During her ascent to the top of the corporate ladder , James got to work under Andrew Grove -- a pioneer in the semiconductor industry . A legend in his own right , James says meeting Grove was one of the most important moments in her career . Not that the initial introduction during a presentation went all that smoothly . "  We got into a little bit of an argument because he started to tell me how -LSB- the technology -RSB- worked and I said , ` No , no , no . ' And apparently you do n't argue with Andy Grove . "  I was too young , too stupid to know better ... So I thought I 'm going to get fired . " But for Grove , it was quite the opposite . He liked her gumption and years later made James his technical assistant and then chief of staff . "  He 's a fabulous mentor . I learned more about thinking , about industry structures and strategy and -LSB- about -RSB- ` what 's the real issue ? ' from him than I 'll learn from anybody . " Despite this wealth of knowledge and experience , many questioned her appointment as the company 's number two in early 2013 . "  I expected it . There have n't been a lot of women at the top of semiconductor companies , " she says . "  Mostly -LSB- the criticism -RSB- makes me want to be more successful ... I try to focus on what -LSB- Intel -RSB- needs to do to be successful . What 's the next big thing ? ' Additionally she refuses to let gender be seen as a handicap and instead embraces how being a women brings something different to the role . "  I realize that I 'm a role model , and so I feel more of a responsibility to give back to other women who are facing similar challenges . " Her advice ? "  Follow your gut . A lot of women have very good intuition but they second guess themselves . Do n't . The first answer is not always the right answer but it 's usually a very good directional , correct answer . "  You have to imagine success and work backwards . What are you going to do to make that be the outcome ? Anything is possible , until it 's not . "	Intel moving away from PCs and into small processors designed for mobile , wearable tech Expansion masterminded by new president Renee James , CEO Brian Krzanich James is 25-year Intel veteran behind some of the company 's biggest successes
CNN  -- The alleged gang rape of a 15-year-old girl on the campus of Richmond High School in Northern California while 10 or more witnesses , most of them students , looked on has sparked familiar questions : "  Why are our kids so messed up ? " "  Why did n't these students try to stop the crime ? " "  What 's happening in our schools ? " These are fair questions , and commentators in the media have provided familiar answers . The purported rape is another sad example of today 's self-absorbed and uncaring youth . It was the media 's glorification of violence that caused it . The horrific act shows how sociopathic brains develop . But it seems as if the majority of commentators have settled on the idea that the Richmond students did nothing because of the "  bystander effect " : The more people involved in a criminal incident , the less likely any one of them will intervene to do something about it . Unfortunately , this "  What 's wrong with our children ? " approach leads to a dead end , because it results in a sweeping moral condemnation of the schools , families and students in this community . These perpetrators committed a heinous act that should be widely condemned . But a discussion that focuses exclusively on the immorality of these deviant young men does not provide solutions that prevent gang rape from happening . Talking only about the bystander effect wrongly suggests that the vast majority of teens would not call for help . Take Richmond . Claims of depraved acts by a few kids have served to demonize an entire student community . Rather than demonize all teenagers in Richmond High School , we should be asking another question : "  What can we do to prevent such heinous acts from happening ? " The answer to that question leads to a wholly different kind of dialogue , one that may surprise . It is primarily students , the reputed problem , who can best prevent acts of violence on campus . Make no mistake about it . The alleged two-hour-long gang rape on October 24 was an extreme form of school violence . It unfolded not far from the gym where the school-sponsored homecoming dance , supervised by school staff and police officers , was being held . And students , police say , largely perpetrated it . Research since the massacres at Columbine High School  1999  and Virginia Tech  2007  has taught us a lot about how to prevent such school violence . Chief among them is that school staff and security should patrol campuses , especially violence-prone areas , during and after school events . According to a CNN report , a friend of the alleged victim saw blatant failures in safety precautions . She said , "  I looked outside of the gym , and I saw 12 to 15 guys , sitting there , with no IDs . The officers -- not only did they not check the IDs of those students or men sitting outside of of our campus , but the security officers who are employed here did no job of checking either . " Virtually all students and teachers at a school can identify these dangerous hot spots . At Richmond High School , one such spot is "  a dark alley near the back side of the school , " the site of the purported rape . As CNN reported , school officials had even requested that video cameras and more lights be installed in the area , but they were never installed . The alleged rapists and student bystanders probably knew that no one would be patrolling the area . As important as campus patrols are in reducing campus violence , the most powerful form of prevention is believing that students can help stop crime from happening . They did n't stop the purported rape at Richmond , a skeptic might say . A possible reason is that they were not educated on how to stop it . . Research shows us that students often know ahead of time when and where violence will flare up on campus . Strong social networks and the widespread use of cell phones and text messaging rapidly convey such information . This dynamic can fuel violence , as officials say it did at Richmond High School . It can also prevent violence . Thousands of potential school crimes , including violent ones , have been averted on campuses across the country because students alerted school officials before the crime occurred . Students and families using a hot line in Colorado were credited with preventing more than 206 incidents of school violence from 2004-06 . As of summer 2009 , this one hot line fielded 1,687 reports that resulted in crime prevention or intervention . Alert students have also helped prevent replays of the tragedies that occurred at Columbine and Virginia Tech by tipping off school officials . Several years ago , student reports stopped a Columbine-style massacre plot , employing bombs , napalm and automatic weapons , at a high school in Green Bay , Wisconsin . This year , tips from students and alert teachers and police disrupted a student-massacre plot , featuring pipe bombs and firearms , at Hillside High School in San Mateo , California . Since Columbine , school shootings have been averted in New Bedford , New York , and Covina , California , to name some others . And at Richmond , it was an 18-year-old bystander , overhearing others talking about the incident , who reported the crime . Unfortunately , the public is largely unaware of these frequently heroic acts by high school students and their teachers because they do n't often get national media attention . That lack of information has helped obscure the important roles that students and their responsive teachers play in preventing school violence . But the evidence is clear . Students who know what to do when they witness school violence , or when they have a strong sense of impending violence , will become anonymous heroes . But they need to be taught what to do , which phone numbers -- including hot lines -- to call and which school officials or police department can be trusted to act on their reports . Students also need to feel confident that they can report trouble without fear of retribution from their peers or being called a snitch . It is up to the teachers and administrators who run schools to teach their students these procedures . They need to convince students that they will listen and respond consistently to their reports of violence or possible violence . Yes , local police need to develop trusting relationships with students and the overall community , or nothing will be reported . But the job of preventing violence on campus belongs primarily , if not solely , to the schools . Rather than wring our hands about the so-called immorality of today 's students , we should embrace them as full partners in the prevention of violence on campus . Morality is not the issue . If students are educated on what to do when the threat of violence arises and are encouraged to follow the procedures , they can be trusted to do the right thing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Astor .	Commentators focused on why students did n't report alleged rape , Astor says Studies of school violence show ways it can be prevented , he says Astor : Training can prepare students to alert police and avert violence
London  CNN  -- A single ticket holder won more than 160 million pounds  $ 255 million  in the British Euromillions draw Tuesday night , lottery operator Camelot said Wednesday . Lottery officials did not say if a winner has come forward . The winning numbers were 17 , 19 , 38 , 42 , 45 with Lucky Stars 09 and 10 . If a single person won the 161,653,000 pound prize , he or she will instantly become about as rich as David and Victoria Beckham , and wealthier than Eric Clapton or Ringo Starr , according to the Sunday Times 2011 Rich List . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contibuted to this report .	Lottery officials do n't say if a winner has come forward If a single person won it , he or she instantly becomes about as rich as David and Victoria Beckham
CNN  -- It was the pot story read around the world . Dr. Sanjay Gupta is used to making headlines . The brain surgeon and CNN 's chief medical correspondent ca n't even leave his office and walk through CNN Center without tour groups stopping him to take his picture or compliment his work . But this time the intensity of interest in a story he wrote for CNN.com about how he changed his mind about the effectiveness of medical marijuana was something even he did n't anticipate . "  The attention has been pretty intense , and I was a little surprised , " Gupta said . "  I know it 's a provocative topic , but the science is there to back it up . " More than 330,000 people shared the story on Facebook , and it started to trend on Twitter . His column inspired pot jokes as well as thoughtful conversations in publications around the world . Vanity Fair referred to him as the "  Dr. Phil of actual licensed physicians . " The Los Angeles Times said it would n't go so far as to call him Dr. "  Feelgood " but remarked about his change of heart . The Washington gossip site Wonkette posted a story with the headline , "  When you 've lost Sanjay Gupta you 've lost America : Sanjay Gupta wants to get ` high ' on the pot like a common jazz criminal . " Even the usually sober Washington Post used its piece as a jumping-off point to ask , "  Is pot the new gay marriage ? " Some polls show more than half of all Americans now support both same-sex marriage and marijuana . While the majority of Americans may share his opinion , Gupta said the medical community has been a little slower to embrace it . "  I understand there is concern that if you legalize it , kids will use it recreationally , and I do n't want young people to do that , but our concern for their safety should n't keep patients who need this from getting access , " Gupta said . After his article appeared Thursday , Gupta said he received calls and e-mails from people from all walks of life who were grateful he started the conversation . Doctors , judges , politicians and clergy got in touch to thank him for speaking up . And of course , he 's had to put up with a lot of pot jokes . But he called it an important message more people need to hear . "  I guess I 've tapped into something that hit at the right time , " Gupta said . "  That , or it was a really slow news day . " .	Dr. Sanjay Gupta changes his mind , says medical marijuana is a good idea Gupta gets calls from judges , doctors , clergy and patients thanking him He says the science backs medical marijuana 's use
CNN  -- German authorities have indicted 10 people in connection with a stampede at a music festival that killed 21 people in July 2010 . The deadly crush happened at the Love Parade festival in Duisburg . Six city workers and four who worked for the event organizers were charged with involuntary manslaughter and bodily injury caused by negligence , a senior prosecutor said Wednesday . The deadly crush took place between the main event site and an expansion area in an underpass that became a fateful bottleneck . A stampede Faulty crowd flow planning led people both entering and exiting the festival to cram into the underpass from both ends , Michael Schwarz said in a prepared statement . In addition , barriers that were installed without approval hemmed the crowd in , further increasing the congestion . Witnesses told CNN affiliate NTV that the underpass became dangerously overcrowded , and some people who were crushed against the walls and each other lost consciousness . That triggered a panic in the crowd , unleashing a stampede . The Duisburg public prosecutor 's office said 652 people were injured . Of them , 283 had to be treated in hospitals . Mass festival Masses of people attended the annual electronica and techno music festival , but there is much disagreement on the size of the crowd . NTV said about 1.4 million people showed up at the Love Parade festival , which featured dozens of DJs spinning techno music for hours . Organizers expected only 700,000 to 800,000 attendees , so to accommodate more people , they opened an additional event site . But the numbers are disputed by police , who said that the area can hold between 250,000 and 350,000 people and that it was not filled to capacity . At the time , NTV said 1,400 police officers were on hand to monitor the event ; Detlef von Schmeling of the Duisburg police said more than 4,000 police officers provided security . Witnesses told NTV that police were warned at least an hour before the incident that the underpass was becoming dangerously crowded . An additional entryway had been opened before the accident to relieve some of the pressure . Immediately after the calamity , the Love Parade 's organizers dissolved the festival , vowing never to put it on again . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutor says faulty planning contributed to deadly bottleneck NTV : About 1.4 million people attended the 2010 Love Parade festival The affiliate said attendees were pushing into a tunnel from both directions Police said no more than 350,000 actually attended
CNN  -- Italian club Udinese has pledged to ensure the disabled sister of Piermario Morosini is looked after for the rest of her life following the sudden death of the footballer during a Serie B match on Saturday . Morosini 's parents and brother died in his teens , and his death at the age of 25 leaves only his sister , Maria Carla . Morosini was playing on loan at Livorno from Serie A side Udinese , which said in a statement on its website that the severely disabled Maria Carla is cared for in a residential facility in Bergamo , and has "  no-one left but an elderly aunt . " "  Our duty is now not to leave her alone after fate has taken away from her all her family , " Udinese said . The club published the details of a bank account and is inviting donations from other clubs in order to establish a fund that will be administered by Maria Carla 's legal guardian . Morosini died after suffering suspected cardiac arrest during the first half against Pescara . He was taken to hospital where doctors tried unsuccessfully to revive him . All of the weekend 's matches in the Italian league were postponed , and a period of silence was observed at many other games across the world . Former Italy Under-21 international Morosini moved to Udinese in 2005 , but made only five appearances and had been loaned out to several clubs . He joined Livorno in January . "  He was an exceptional lad , so full of life , " Udinese captain Antonio di Natale told the club 's television channel . "  Despite all the problems he had , he was always at the disposal of the team and every day he gave us all strength . " Di Natale said it was the club 's duty to look after Morosini 's sister . "  We know the situation of his sister and we as a team , the club , and Udinese for Life  the club charity  have decided to help her because she is in real need , " he said . "  It is essential that we stay at the side of Piermario 's sister for her entire life . She needs us and we want to help , both for her and for Mario . " Livorno announced Monday it has retired the No. 25 shirt that Morosini was wearing at the time of his death .	Piermario Morosini collapsed and died during game on Saturday Morosini 's parents and brother died when he was in his teens Udinese sets up fundraising initiative to help disabled sister Club 's captain says it has a duty to look after her
CNN  Three more athletes who say they were scammed out of an education at the University of North Carolina are now suing over academic fraud , and the whistleblower who exposed the fake-class system has now settled her lawsuit with the university . Former basketball player Kenya McBee has joined former football player Mike McAdoo 's federal class-action lawsuit , claiming the university denied him and thousands of other athletes education when advisers forced him to take classes that never met . Former basketball player Leah Metcalf , and former football player James Arnold filed a separate but similar class-action lawsuit in state court in North Carolina . Ken Wainstein , who was hired by the university to act as an independent investigator , revealed in October that academic fraud had taken place at UNC for 18 years , and that UNC officials were wrong when they denied -- for nearly five years -- that anyone in athletics was involved . Instead it was players , like McAdoo , who were blamed by the university for cheating and punished by the NCAA . "  All of these student-athletes were promised a legitimate UNC education , were implored to trust UNC academic advising , and were then guided into academically bereft courses against their interests , " said attorney Jeremi Duru , one of the attorneys representing these athletes . Earlier this year high-profile attorney Michael Hausfeld filed a class-action suit against UNC and the NCAA over the same scandal . About 3,100 students -- nearly half of them athletes -- who enrolled in the fake classes could easily join these lawsuits . Mary Willingham , the whistleblower who began revealing details about the sham classes , accused UNC of retaliating against her before she quit last year , and then sued the university to get her job back . Willingham told CNN that she reached a settlement agreement with the school this week , although it had not yet been approved by a judge . It would compensate her financially but not restore her job as a learning specialist and adviser . "  I wanted to show other potential whistleblowers out there that it 's possible to survive a fight with a big-money machine . I settled because I thought that it was time to get focused back on the issue of athletes and their educations -- to correct the injustice in the NCAA system , " she said , adding that the terms of the settlement will become public when it 's finalized . UNC said , "  We believe the settlement is in the best interest of the University and allows us to move forward and fully focus on other important issues . "	Ex-basketball player joins ex-football player in class-action federal lawsuit ; 2 other athletes sue in state court Independent investigator found academic fraud at UNC dating back 18 years Whistleblower Mary Willingham settled , in part , "  to correct the injustice in the NCAA system "
Spanish National Police said Friday they have seized hundreds of kilograms of cocaine in an operation that they said thwarted an attempt by Mexican drug dealers allied with the Sinaloa drug cartel to establish a foothold in Europe . But an expert on the Mexican drug war , Malcolm Beith , disputed that assertion . "  They 're already operating in Europe , " he told CNN in a telephone interview , citing reports of the cartel shipping drugs to ports in England , Netherlands and Germany . Spain is the principal gateway for drugs coming to Europe , Beith said . The operation , dubbed "  Dark Waters " and carried out in collaboration with the FBI , resulted in the arrests in Madrid of four members of the cartel , which is run by Joaquin Guzman Loera , also known as "  El Chapo , " police said in a statement . Dark Waters was initiated in May 2009 by the FBI 's office in Boston , Massachusetts , which was looking into the cartel , said the statement . In October 2010 , agents from the FBI met with the National Police 's Central Brigade of Organized Crime after learning of the cartel 's alleged plans to expand operations in Europe , it said . The bulk of the investigation unfolded in the United States , where U.S. agents discovered that cartel members were planning to travel to Spain , a trip that occurred the following March , the statement said . Once the suspects were inside Spain , they were placed under tight surveillance by Spanish police , it said . "  Thanks to the exchange of information with the FBI , one knew that the suspects planned to initiate important shipments of cocaine by ship , hidden in containers with legal , declared cargo , " it said . "  They adopted great measures of security to ensure the success of the operations , and sent various containers without any type of drug . Finally , they sent their first shipment in a boat from Brazil . The container , which was intercepted in late July in the Port of Algeciras , concealed 373 kilos of cocaine . " Investigators identified Jesus Gonzalo Palazuelos Soto , who moved to Madrid to oversee the operation , as a member of the group , it said . A few days later , he was joined by Jesus Gutierrez Guzman , a cousin of "  El Chapo " and considered the leader of the group ; Samuel Zazueta Valenzuela , a principal collaborator , and Rafael Humberto Celaya Valenzuela , who was overseeing the organization 's "  legal " affairs , it said . The four men , aged 37 to 52 , were arrested near their hotels in Madrid , it said . They had been sought by U.S. authorities for drug trafficking , money laundering and other charges . Their hotel rooms contained $ 5,500 , about 3,000 euros and 4,000 Mexican pesos , it said . If indeed "  Chapo " Guzman 's cousin was among the men arrested , "  that is a big deal , " said Beith , whose books "  The Last Narco " and "  Hasta El Ultimo Dia , " focus on the Mexican drug war . Though he said he had never heard of the man , "  as a relative , he 's clearly an envoy of sorts . He 's not just some low-level conejo -- rabbit scout . " Beith said Friday 's announcement was a testament to the improvement in intelligence sharing by international agencies . "  As the drug wars come under fire from many quarters , one of the big advances that has been made has been intelligence sharing between U.S. agencies and their foreign counterparts , and this is further proof of that . "	Spanish police say they thwarted an attempt by the Sinaloa cartel to establish a foothold in Europe "  They 're already operating in Europe , " says author Malcolm Beith about the Sinaloa cartel Four Mexican men are arrested One of them is a cousin of Sinaloa cartel leader "  El Chapo " Guzman
CNN  -- When I started the Fit Nation program , I was a big guy . Seven months later , I 'm still a big guy . I 've run endless miles , biked endless hills , swum endless laps . Is there less of me ? Yes . Am I fitter ? Yes . Am I healthier ? Absolutely . But am I finished ? NO WAY ! There has been quite a debate raging in recent years about whether you can be "  fat and fit . " There 's no easy answer to that question . Perhaps the answer changes from person to person as our goals change . Over the years , everyone in the Fit Nation family has achieved great success , but in many cases , the pounds do n't always dramatically disappear . We 've all gained strength and improved our cardiovascular health , but I never thought of this as a weight-loss program . At least for me , the real changes have been in my body composition  more muscle and less fat  , my overall endurance and my mental toughness . I 've learned that being healthy is ultimately about being honest with myself . It 's about being honest about what I can accomplish and what I can expect to accomplish in the short - and long-term . I think I would be doing myself and my health a disservice if I accepted the premise that I could be fat and fit , or at least as fit as I want to and can be . While I 'm healthier now that I was at the beginning of the year , I still have improvements to make and fitness to gain . I hope to continue making gains for the rest of my life . Good health : The best birthday present We all joined this program for different reasons , but the one thing that united us is that we wanted to take steps toward better health through a more active lifestyle , for ourselves and for the people we love . The one thing that Fit Nation has taught me is that I now know where I want to go , and I feel like I 'm better prepared mentally and physically to get there . Getting what you want does n't always come easily . I am about to achieve my short-term goal of finishing the Nautica Malibu Triathlon . I did n't expect to cross the finish line as an elite racer , but I did expect to become healthier person . Mission accomplished . Setting goals is really pretty simple , when you think about it . A goal is something for which you 're willing to work . And you get what you want by planning and putting that plan into action . I have more goals to set and more success to achieve . Training for a tri : What I wish I 'd known The only true measure of my accomplishments is to compare myself to how far I 've come and to see how much farther I have to go . Most importantly , I 've come to understand that fitness is a journey and not a destination . And I 'm just getting started . Follow Stacy on Twitter @TriHardStacy	Stacy Mantooth has seen improvements in his endurance and mental toughness He also has a better body composition but says he still has work to do Mantooth has more goals to accomplish after crossing the Malibu Triathlon finish line
Polls for the Syrian presidential election opened Tuesday against the backdrop of a bloody and protracted civil war . The outcome is hardly in doubt : President Bashar al-Assad is almost guaranteed to emerge victorious in a vote that opposition groups and many Western countries say has been be rigged from the start . Syria is n't renowned for holding free and fair elections . When al-Assad came to power 14 years ago , he ran unopposed , securing more than 99 % of votes , according to state media . Seven years later , he won again with a similarly mountainous share of the vote . His father , Hafez al-Assad , ruled Syria with an iron fist for 29 years before he died in 2000 . The Syrian regime says the election has to be held under the new constitution and shows the country is moving forward . But some analysts say the purpose of this week 's vote , which U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon urged the Syrian government not to hold , is to send a message to al-Assad 's opponents , both in Syria and abroad . Syria 's presidential election : How fair can a vote be in a war zone ? ' A coronation ' "  It 's a coronation of Assad , it 's a celebration of his ability to survive the violent storm and basically go on the offensive , " said Fawaz Gerges , a professor of international relations at the London School of Economics . The election takes place amid a grinding three-year conflict that has killed around 150,000 people , displaced about 6.5 million within Syria and prompted almost 3 million to flee outside its borders . Voting will take place only in areas controlled by the regime . State television showed al-Assad and his wife , Asma , casting their votes at a school in Maliki , a neighborhood of Damascus . Rebels hold significant parts of the north and east of the country . There are concerns that violence could disrupt the election process , with voters wary of the threat of car bombs and shelling at polling stations within range of rebel mortars . The Islamic Front , one of the largest armed rebel groups , announced it would n't target election centers . It claimed the Assad government was blackmailing people to vote in a fake election , but said it wanted to avoid civilian casualties . The British Foreign Office has said the vote "  will be a grotesque parody of democracy . " The U.S. State Department says the Assad regime has taken steps "  to make it difficult if not impossible to have a fair and free election in Syria . " The regime has said election monitors from the United States , the European Union or the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe wo n't be present , but observers from some other countries will be . War continues amid election Warplanes bombed anti-government neighborhoods Tuesday as Syrians cast their ballots , the opposition-run Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . In the western city of Rastan , warplane shelling killed at least two people , the LCC said . And warplanes dropped at least 20 barrels packed with crude explosive devices over Daraya in the Damascus suburbs , pushing thick columns of smoke into the afternoon sky , social media video showed . The LCC also said that 28 people , including three children , were killed during voting Tuesday . Meanwhile , in the once bustling commercial capital of Aleppo , residents dropped mock ballots in a makeshift ballot box "  to withdraw the citizenship of President Bashar al-Assad , " social media video showed Tuesday . CNN could not immediately confirm the authenticity of the videos . Syria 's official election body praised what it called a high turnout of voters and said "  no problems whatsoever have been reported so far during the balloting process ongoing in Syria , " said SANA , Syria 's national news agency . Syrian state television reported that because of the high turnout at polling stations , the Higher Judicial Committee for Elections extended voting by five hours , so it will end at midnight Tuesday . Little-known challengers One aspect of this year 's election distinguishes it from the previous foregone conclusions . Al-Assad actually has people running against him -- although it 's questionable how much of a challenge they present . The two other candidates are relative unknowns : Hassan al-Nouri , a businessman and former government minister ; and Maher Hajjar , a lawmaker . Critics say they are just pawns or window dressing to give the election a veneer of democracy . But the Syrian government has dismissed any criticism of the process . Hajjar has kept a low profile , but al-Nouri says he 's serious about challenging al-Assad and is "  trying to attack his weaknesses . " Speaking ahead of the election , he claimed he would be "  more aggressive and more effective " than al-Assad on economic , administrative and social issues . But on the overarching question of the war , al-Nouri offers no dissent . "  Politically , I think he 's doing what he has to do , " he said . Rebels divided What al-Assad is doing is continuing the brutal offensive against those opposed to his regime , raining down barrel bombs on rebel-controlled parts of cities such as Aleppo and Daraa . The opposition groups fighting against him are divided , with squabbling between factions and jihadis who have flocked from around the world to try to establish an Islamic state . The rebels have lost ground around Damascus and Homs and are under pressure in Aleppo and the south of the country . Talks this year mediated by the United Nations did little to change the situation , ending with the regime and the opposition firmly opposed . Ban 's office has warned that the elections are likely to worsen the situation , saying they "  will damage the political process and hamper the prospects for a political solution that the country so urgently needs . " If al-Assad emerges victorious , as expected , it will further diminish the likelihood of his stepping down anytime soon . The Syrian opposition and Western countries insist that al-Assad ca n't be part of any body that , under an agreement signed in Geneva , Switzerland , earlier this year , would lead the country through a transitional period .	Rebel group said it wo n't target election centers so it can avoid civilian casualties President Bashar al-Assad is expected to win Tuesday 's presidential vote The Syrian opposition and Western countries say the election wo n't be free or fair 28 killed amid elections , opposition says ; state TV reports extended polling hours
CNN  -- Karry Trout 's first patient was a 38-year-old woman who had been diagnosed with Stage 3 breast cancer . The patient had waited nearly six months after feeling a lump in her breast to visit the doctor . She had no health insurance . It was Trout 's job , as Mason General Hospital 's patient navigator , to guide the single mother through treatment and , hopefully , into recovery . Patient navigation is a relatively new field in the health care industry . A navigator 's primary role is to remove the obstacles patients face in accessing or receiving treatment . More hospitals are creating these positions to help patients traverse an often-confusing medical system . Despite her inexperience , Trout could relate to the fear she saw in the patient 's eyes . "  I know what the shock of a diagnosis is like . I know what the waiting and the unknowns are like , " she says . "  I have n't experienced it personally , but I think sometimes it 's worse when it 's your child going through it . " Trout 's daughter , Ella , was almost 8 months old when doctors first spotted a problem . One of Ella 's eyes was n't tracking properly , and soon after it started to bulge . Doctors at Seattle Children 's Hospital diagnosed an optic glioma , or a tumor growing around the nerve that connects the eye to the brain . By the time she was 18 months old , Ella had lost sight in both eyes . Ella went through four years of chemotherapy , several major surgeries and six weeks of radiation all before the age of 7 . New to Shelton , Washington , and a single mother , Trout struggled to keep Ella 's frequent doctor appointments in Seattle , about two hours from home , as well as work a full-time job as a radiologist for Mason General and juggle never-ending insurance forms . "  It 's a lot , " Trout says . "  And when you are going through that diagnosis , and then you have all of that on top of it , it can be very overwhelming . " 4 ways to control your health care costs Four years ago , Trout got a notice from the Susan G. Komen foundation about a grant for breast cancer patient navigation . What on earth is patient navigation ? she wondered . After a bit of research , Trout realized what had been missing from her experience with Ella . "  I did n't have somebody who was my go-to person , " she says . Trout applied for the grant , and Mason General was awarded enough money to start a program . In her role as a patient navigator , Trout does community outreach to raise awareness about the importance of breast cancer screening . She is one of the first staff members to meet with a patient after a diagnosis , providing them with information that they can read later when the shock has worn off . She works with specialists to arrange appointments and helps connect women with financial aid , transportation or child care if they need it . "  When you get that initial diagnosis , you just have a lot of questions , " she says . "  And it 's hard to pick up the phone and speak to your physician or nurse every time you have a question . That 's what I 'm here for . " Patient navigation programs are the result of the medical community 's new emphasis on patient-centered care , says Mandi Pratt , associate director of community programs at George Washington University 's Cancer Institute . "  Patient navigation , in part , is a function of how fragmented our  health care  system is , " Pratt says . "  It makes it difficult to have a seamless experience . " Are we prepared for 18 million cancer survivors ? Advocates say patient-centered care can improve outcomes and reduce costs , so much so that hospital reimbursement from insurance companies is now partially tied to patients ' opinions on how well a facility treated them . In 2011 , the American College of Surgeons ' Commission on Cancer established new accreditation standards for cancer facilities , requiring them to incorporate "  a patient navigation process to address health care disparities and barriers to care . " The standards move us closer to a future Dr. Harold Freeman first envisioned in the 1980s . Freeman then was a breast cancer surgeon in Harlem , New York , trying to figure out why patients in his hospital had a five-year survival rate of 39 % when it should have been closer to 85 % . Freeman realized many patients were being diagnosed with late-stage breast cancers ; they were arriving at the clinic with large masses that had obviously been ignored . Freeman identified five main barriers his patients faced in receiving care : financial , communication , medical system , psychological and personal . Obstacles ranged from not having health insurance to not understanding the language . Some patients feared doctors or mistrusted medical advice . Others simply missed chemotherapy because they could n't find child care . "  People got lost in the complex system , " Freeman says . In 1990 , he pioneered the first-ever patient navigation program , training people from the community to listen and answer questions after a diagnosis . He also began an educational program to advocate for screenings . Over time he increased patients ' five-year survival rate in the same population to 70 % . These barriers are never going to go away completely , Freeman says , but patient navigation can help address them . "  Can you eliminate poverty ? Probably not ... but you can change the things that poverty means , " he says . "  If poor people are less educated , you can educate poor people . If poor people do n't have access to screening , diagnosis or treatment , you can create programs to concentrate on those one by one . " For now , patient navigation is primarily being used in the cancer community , but it 's spreading to other chronic diseases . Even patient navigation , Freeman says , falls prey to our fragmented system -- one filled with specialists that each operate in a separate universe . 5 million more people living with diabetes Freeman compares the care continuum , from the first examination to survivorship , to a mile relay . "  It takes teams of people passing batons one to the other until the last runner crosses the finish line . " Since starting the patient navigator program at Mason General , Trout has helped hundreds of women cross that finish line . She often receives letters of thanks from patients who say she helped them feel empowered to make informed decisions in a time of chaos . "  I think when you go through things as a patient , you know , as a parent -- to be able to be treated with compassion and not just  as  another diagnosis is a gift , " Trout says . "  And that 's what I hope I provide . " Let 's talk about sex ... and cancer	More hospitals are hiring patient navigators to help patients through a confusing system Most navigators are working in cancer centers , but the idea is spreading to other areas Dr. Harold Freeman pioneered the first patient navigation program in 1990
CNN  -- Emergency crews in the Philippines were on standby Monday morning as the island nation braced for a "  super typhoon " that could trigger flooding and landslides . Super Typhoon Megi , also known as Juan , is expected to make landfall midday Monday at or near super-typhoon strength , with winds possibly in excess of 200 kph  124 mph  , according to Mario Montejo , secretary of the Philippines ' science and technology . On Monday morning , Megi carried sustained winds of 287 kph  178 mph  with gusts up to 350 kph  217 mph  as it headed toward the Philippines , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center said . "  Tropical storm force winds and heavy rain squalls are already affecting areas along the coast , " CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward said . "  From this point forward the weather conditions are expected to rapidly deteriorate . " CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera called Megi a "  monster storm . " Beyond high winds , large swaths of the northern island of Luzon will see 300 mm  12 inches  of rain , while more isolated pockets may see up to 500 mm  20 inches  , Ward said . A typhoon of this intensity could cause storm surge as high as 6 to 8 meters , threatening population centers along the coast . As of 5 p.m.  5 a.m. ET  Sunday , the typhoon was about 390 kilometers east of Aparri , Cagayan , according to the state-run Philippines News Agency . It was moving west at about 22 kph . Montejo said the government is alarmed by the speed and strength of the typhoon . He warned of potentially devastating effects the storm may wreak on Luzon . "  The winds have been steadily increasing , " James Reynolds , a storm chaser who is on Luzon , told CNN Monday morning . "  Unfortunately , this is a part of the world where the infrastructure is quite fragile , the power grid is quite fragile and a lot of people live in quite basic houses , " he said . Residents in low-lying and coastal areas are advised to head for safer locations , and authorities are discussing the possibility of forced evacuations . As the storm moves across the rugged terrain of Luzon , it is expected to decrease in intensity before moving out over the South China Sea . Megi is expected to dump large amounts of rainfall over the mountains , which could potentially trigger mudslides and localized flooding . The typhoon could also damage large amounts of agricultural land along its path . "  Thousands of hectares are in danger of being ruined , " Cabrera said . On Sunday , Philippine navy spokesman Lt. Col. Edgard Arevalo said in a statement that disaster response personnel equipped with rubber boats and other life-saving equipment are on standby in several areas .	NEW : Super Typhoon Megi carries sustained winds of about 287 kph  178 mph Super Typhoon Megi , also known as Juan , is expected to make landfall Monday Winds could be in excess of 200 kph as it hits northern Luzon
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A new national poll indicates that nearly three out of four Americans are scared about the way things are going in the country today . A deputy oversees an eviction in Lafayette , Colorado , last week . Seventy-three percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Monday say they 're very or somewhat scared about the way things are going in the United States . That 's six points higher than in an October poll . Nearly eight in 10 say things are going badly in the country , with just 21 percent suggesting that things are going well . The survey also says that three out of four Americans are angry about the way things are going in the country . But three out of four questioned say that things are going well for them personally . The poll was released a day before President Obama gives a prime-time address before a joint session of Congress . "  Americans always believe things are better in their own lives than in the rest of the country , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland . "  But they are realists as well -- they recognize that bad times somewhere else in the U.S. may eventually come to affect them . That 's why so many say they are angry and scared , even though they 're content with their own personal circumstances . "  There is a tiny sliver of good news -- the number of Americans who think things are going very badly has dropped from 40 percent in December to 32 percent now , " Holland added . "  But since most of those people switched from the very bad category to the pretty bad category , it 's wrong to say that the public is more optimistic -- call them a little less pessimistic at best . " The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted Wednesday and Thursday , with 1,046 adults questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .	Nearly eight in 10 say things are going badly in the country Three of four Americans are angry about the way things are going in the country But three out of four questioned say that things are going well for them personally
CNN  -- The FBI 's Ten Most Wanted list now includes a man suspected of killing a young New York mother and her toddler son execution-style in 2010 . Juan Elias Garcia , who the FBI calls an "  enthusiastic murderer , " now has a $ 100,000 reward on his head . "  Garcia 's callous disregard for human life resulted in the senseless murder of a young mother and her helpless 2-year-old son , " said George Venizelos , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's New York Field Office , on the agency 's website . Garcia is alleged to be a member of the violent MS-13 , or Mara Salvatrucha , gang . He 's thought to be hiding in El Salvador . The FBI said a romantic entanglement and gang rivalries lay at the heart of slayings . Slaying victim Vanessa Argueta , 19 , is said to have had a romantic relationship with Garcia -- and she 's also believed to have had ties to two rival gangs : the 18th Street gang and the Latin Kings . "  They were going to kill her for disrespecting the gang , " said Special Agent James Lopez in the FBI release . "  It is unacceptable for MS-13 members to have girls they associate with be involved with rival gang members . " The FBI said that under the guise of an invitation to dinner in Central Islip , New York , Garcia coerced Argueta and her 2-year-old son into the woods . There , they were met by two co-conspirators -- members of Mara Salvatrucha -- and Argueta was murdered in front of her son . The FBI said the same gun was then used to kill the little boy . Considered armed and dangerous , Garcia is 5 foot , 4 inches and weighs 125 pounds . He was 17 and answered to the nickname "  Cruzito " at the time of the slayings on February 4 , 2010 . "  His appointment to the FBI 's Top Ten list illustrates not only the seriousness of his crimes but our commitment to seeking justice for his victims , " said Venizelos . The FBI requests that anyone with information on Garcia contact its New York Field Office at 212-384-1000 , a nearby law enforcement agency or U.S. Embassy or Consulate . People can also submit a tip online . Teen accused of gunning down family ` lost sense of conscience ' CNN 's Forrest Brown contributed to this report .	The FBI is offering a $ 100,000 reward in the case of Juan Elias Garcia He 's accused of killing a 19-year-old woman and her 2-year-old son A soured romance and gang rivalries are involved , the FBI says Garcia is believed to be in hiding in El Salvador
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africa has a rich musical heritage , but Johannesburg-based indie rockers BLK JKS are creating a new sound all of their own . Described by Rolling Stone magazine as "  Africa 's best new band , " BLK JKS  pronounced Black Jacks  have just finished a six-month tour of the United States and Europe . Last year 's debut album "  After Robots " was recorded in the United States and released on an American label . It has received critical acclaim for its eclectic sound , mixing styles including prog rock and dub with traces of traditional South African rhythms . While their music has a global appeal , the band says its roots are firmly in South Africa . BLK JKS drummer and bassist grew up in the Johannesburg township of Soweto , while the band 's singer and drummer grew up 30 minutes away in the neighborhood of East Rand . Drummer Tshepang Ramoba told CNN , "  It is important to know where you live , where you come from , your history , what 's happening in the world . " Although their fusion of styles is a creating a stir outside South Africa , it took a while for their music to be accepted in their home country , where four black musicians playing rock music is still a rarity . Guitarist Mpumi Mcata told CNN , "  In the beginning people were like , ` oh , they are black , they play rock ... ' "  South Africa is still segregated , so you have a situation where they put us in front of a white audience and the white audience is confused , and you put us in front of a black audience and the black audience is confused . So it 's not an easy crossover . " But Mcata said the band 's music is ultimately traditional , with their rock sound based around "  ancient rhythms . " Ramoba agreed that South African traditions are at the heart of the band 's music . "  The last song on the album is called Tselane , a story we used to be told when we were young before we would go to bed , " he said . "  Those fables connect to how we 're living now , " added Mcata . Although the band have toured all over Europe and the United States , they say their most memorable gig was in Soweto itself , where the South African dance music of Kwaito reigns supreme . "  In Soweto , if they do n't like you , they do n't like you . They 'll throw bottles , " said Ramoba . "  So in Soweto , the fact that they liked us is a huge thing . When we started playing everyone just stayed and danced . It was the best . "	Johannesburg band BLK JKS are creating a rock sound of their own They have just finished a tour of the U.S. and Europe They say their music has traditional elements and is rooted in "  ancient rhythms "
CNN  I think back to 56 years ago : What if ? If my father had not been brave and hungry for a better future in America , there would be one fewer public administrator , one fewer third grade teacher and one fewer student in medical school in my family . Had so many young people not given their youth , their energy , their strength and their love for this country , the America we know would not exist . I owe the America I know to my father and the many men that toiled long ago in the fields of our past . I owe my success to my father Herminio , mother Juanita and countless others that dreamed of a better tomorrow . They dreamed of a better tomorrow never knowing if they would reap the slightest of benefits from their hard work . Today I stand as a testimony to that dream . As a teenager , my father left his life of poverty in Mexico for the promise of a new life in the United States in 1959 . The hard , physical work of picking crops in the fields of California , Arizona and Texas , earned him less than a dollar a day , once room and board was subtracted . The Braceros program granted him a work visa and when he finished the program , he began his path to citizenship . My father did not complete any formal education past fourth grade . In that era in Mexico , you had to pay for school past a certain grade and my father 's family could n't afford it . He was limited to menial work and low wages . Unlike my father , I was n't born into a life destined for backbreaking labor . My dad brought us into a world with endless possibilities . The sky was truly the limit and for the first time in his life , my father had hope -- for us . Our upbringing was humble , but my parents provided for all 12 of us children . They taught each and every one of us the importance of education . Our childhood was filled with the joys of love , laughter and belief in God . My father created paradise in a modest , two-bedroom home in the inner city of San Antonio , Texas . Our eggs came fresh every morning from the miniature chickens we raised . We were raised to live off the land , just like our father did as a younger man . We had a goat , a turkey , a potbelly pig , ducks , geese and chickens . Many of my fondest memories were of feeding and tending to our animals . One would assume that we lived on a farm . But balancing a life of dual identities was not an easy feat for either my siblings or me . I recall having to wake up early on Sunday mornings to feed the chickens and collect the eggs , while my friends were going to the zoo , water park or the mall . When Mondays came around , I dreaded talking about what I did that weekend . I did n't want to be judged , so I always made something up . The frustration of not being able to fit in gave way when I started getting positive feedback at school . I was outperforming my peers in English and writing , and I was finally getting recognition by my teachers and classmates . I felt that I finally was doing something like everyone else . I excelled at school . I decided to take a chance and apply for college . I started at the University of Texas at San Antonio in fall 2002 and graduated with a bachelor 's degree in English and a Master 's in public administration . I was the first in my family to get a college degree -- I 'm the seventh out of 12 children . All of my siblings after me went to college and today we have a public administrator , a teacher and a medical school student in the family . Now , I work in an urban school district as a site coordinator for the federal initiative Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for Undergraduate Programs . The program sets out to make a college education a reality for underrepresented students and communities experiencing high poverty . I work to remove those barriers so that every one of my students has a chance at a life like the one that was given to me by my parents . I have given myself to a life of service . I am now responsible for helping many young children reach their potential and live a life our ancestors could only dream of . I am the dream . I am an American . And I am the proud son of an immigrant . Are you a first-generation American ? Share your story with CNN iReport .	Juan Rocha 's father came to the U.S. from Mexico on a work visa program While his father picked crops , Rocha did n't have a life of backbreaking labor One of 12 children , Rocha thanks his father and mother for their sacrifices Are you a first-generation American ? Share your story with CNN iReport
CNN  Daniel von Bargen , the talented character actor perhaps best known for playing George Costanza 's imbecilic boss Mr. Kruger during the last season of "  Seinfeld , " has died . He was 64 . Von Bargen , who also stood out as Commandant Edwin Spangler on the ABC sitcom "  Malcolm in the Middle , " died Sunday after a long illness , his friend , actor Bob Colonna , said . Cincinnati TV station WLWT also reported the news . Other details of his death were not known . In February 2012 , von Bargen was seriously injured when he shot himself in the temple in an apparent suicide attempt , distraught because he had been battling diabetes and was set to have two toes removed . The versatile von Bargen rose from the dead as the satanic Nix in the Clive Barker horror film "  Lord of Illusions "  1995  ; played a futuristic sheriff in "  The Postman "  1997  , directed by and starring Kevin Costner ; and portrayed a Southern lawman who pursued George Clooney 's character in the Coen brothers ' "  O Brother , Where Art Thou ? "  2000  . The Hollywood Reporter : Bruce Sinofsky , Oscar-nominated director , dies at 58 An expert at playing authority figures , von Bargen was a member of the Air Force on NBC 's "  The West Wing " and in the 1996 film "  Broken Arrow , " a SWAT communicator in "  The Silence of the Lambs "  1991  , a cop in "  Basic Instinct "  1992  and "  Super Troopers "  2001  , a secret service agent in "  I.Q. "  1994  , a warden in Steven Spielberg 's "  Amistad "  1997  and a federal agent in "  The Majestic "  2001  . The Hollywood Reporter : Leonard Nimoy called "  irreplaceable " by Tom Selleck His film rsum includes the notable films "  Company Business "  1991  , Woody Allen 's "  Shadows and Fog "  1991  , Jonathan Demme 's "  Philadelphia "  1993  , "  RoboCop 3 "  1993  , "  Crimson Tide "  1995  , "  Looking for Richard "  1996  and "  Snow Falling on Cedars "  1999  . He also guest-starred on such TV shows as "  Spenser : For Hire , " "  All My Children , " "  NYPD Blue , " "  The X-Files " and "  The Practice . " A native of Cincinnati who graduated from Purdue University , von Bargen joined the Trinity Square Repertory Company in Providence , Rhode Island , after college . He appeared in a David Mamet production of "  Uncle Vanya " opposite Christopher Walken , then attracted Hollywood 's eye in 1989 when he played Maj. Manley Battle in the Larry Gelbart satire "  Mastergate " on Broadway . The Hollywood Reporter : Hollywood 's 100 favorite films On "  Seinfeld , " his Mr. Kruger was the incompetent owner of Kruger Industrial Smoothing  a company that tried and failed to remove the green tint from the Statue of Liberty  and the boss of George  Jason Alexander  -- by then finished with the Yankees -- in Season 9 of the NBC hit . And on "  Malcolm in the Middle , " von Bargen played the hard-nosed , eyepatch-wearing Spangler , the head of cadets at Marlin Academy . He clashed often with the troublemaking Francis  Christopher Masterson  , the oldest of Malcolm 's  Frankie Muniz  brothers . In 2013 , von Bargen starred in "  The Treatment " at the Joseph Papp Public Theater in New York . "  I feel a huge wave of sorrow and relief at the passing of this remarkable man , " Colonna said . "  I treasure the years when I worked with him at Trinity Rep and in a couple of TV films . I admire his excellent body of work in the movies . And I mourn for the darkness and pain that were his final years . God bless him . He was a hell of a guy . " People we 've lost in 2015  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Character actor Daniel von Bargen has died at the age of 64 He played George 's boss Mr. Kruger on "  Seinfeld " He was Commandant Edwin Spangler on "  Malcolm in the Middle "
CNN  -- He forged his views of war and the military as a young man in mine-plagued fields of Vietnam . Now Chuck Hagel may become the first Vietnam veteran and first enlisted soldier to serve as U.S. defense secretary . In nominating him to succeed Leon Panetta , President Barack Obama urged the Senate to confirm a man he said "  bears the scars " of that war and has the skill to guide the military through new challenges . "  Chuck Hagel is the leader that our troops deserve , " Obama said . If Hagel is confirmed , the Defense Department would be led by someone who advocated deep cuts to its budget . He 's bucked his fellow Republicans in opposing troop surges in Iraq and Afghanistan , telling his biographer : "  I will do all I can to prevent war . " And he 's come under fire over comments about Israel , a top American ally , and Iran , a top American foe . Read more : Who 's in , who 's out of cabinet Those issues and others have assured that the former Nebraska senator 's path to the Pentagon wo n't be easy . But Hagel said he 's eager to answer critics . Until Obama 's announcement that ended weeks of speculation over his nomination , Hagel told the Lincoln Journal Star newspaper in his home state that he 'd been "  hanging out there in no-man 's land unable to respond to charges , falsehoods and distortions " about his record . Now , he said , he has "  an opportunity to set the record straight . " "  All I ask is a fair hearing , and I will get that , " Hagel told the paper . "  I am very much looking forward to having a full , open , transparent hearing about my qualifications and my record . " Carl Levin , who will chair those hearings as head of the Armed Services Committee in the Democratic-controlled Senate , praised Hagel 's qualifications and said the panel would give "  prompt and careful " consideration to his nomination . What 's really behind Hagel nomination fight Iraq , Iran , gay rights among hot-button issues Hagel , 66 , said Monday that he was honored Obama had "  confidence in me and not unmindful of the immense responsibilities that go with it . " The current Georgetown professor and head of the Atlantic Council , a non-partisan international affairs group , praised troops who serve with "  such dignity and selflessness . " Hagel promised to work to "  strengthen our country 's alliances and advance global freedom , decency and humanity " in the effort to "  build a better world for all mankind . " At the same news conference where he announced the nomination of John Brennan as CIA director , Obama praised Hagel as a "  patriot " who knows what it 's like being on the frontline , in part from his year fighting alongside his brother in Vietnam . "  He understands that sending young Americans to fight and bleed in the dirt and mud is something that we only do when it 's absolutely necessary . " Opinion : GOP , do n't fight the Hagel nomination The president , a Democrat , also said Hagel 's selection "  represents the bipartisan tradition that we need more of in Washington . " But many in the GOP establishment begged to differ . "  He has long severed his ties with the Republican Party , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said Sunday , when news surfaced that Hagel would be nominated . Sen. Chris Murphy , a freshman Democrat from Connecticut , countered that he believes "  Republicans are spoiling for a fight . " A host of issues swirling around Hagel have set the stage for a contentious confirmation hearing with Republicans expected to lead the charge against him . A few years after famously bucking his party in opposing a U.S. troop "  surge " in Iraq , Hagel voted against sending 30,000 additional troops in 2009 to Afghanistan -- a move that put him at odds with Republicans and Obama . Some also are bothered by a comment he made in 1998 about an ambassadorial candidate James Hormel being "  openly , aggressively gay " -- which he apologized for in December , 14 years later . This issue is compounded by the fact that Hagel could oversee a military that recently dropped its "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy for gay and lesbian personnel , a policy he supported . The Log Cabin Republicans , a group that supports gay rights , called the Hormel apology "  too little , too late . " Yet gay rights activist Rick Jacob stood behind Obama and said "  no one trying to derail  Hagel 's  nomination attacks his qualifications . " Hagel has also come under fire over Iran . In addition to calling for talks with the Middle Eastern nation , which openly antagonizes Israel , Hagel has spoken out against certain sanctions -- a cornerstone of Obama 's foreign policy aimed at pressuring Tehran over its nuclear program . The New York Times notes that Hagel was "  one of only two senators to vote against the Iran-Libya sanctions act in 2001 , arguing that it would undercut efforts to engage with Tehran . " In a September editorial in the Washington Post , Hagel -- writing with several others , including retired Gen. Anthony Zinni and former Rep. Lee Hamilton -- said that he thinks "  all options  should be  on the table " regarding Iran , a stance that aligns him with Obama , as well as many Republicans . GOP senator : Hagel would be ` antagonistic ' toward Israel But the most charged subject is likely Israel , with Graham arguing -- if confirmed -- Hagel "  would be the most antagonistic secretary of defense " toward Israel "  in our nation 's history . " Read more : Choice in Hagel sparks mixed reactions Hagel has supported Israel entering negotiations with Hamas , the Islamist movement that oversees parts of the Palestinian territories and is considered a terrorist organization by the United States , while also insisting that Hamas end terrorism and accept Israel 's right to exist . He also was one of 12 senators who refused to sign a letter to the European Union trying to designate Hezbollah as a terrorist organization . " In 2007 , Hagel joined two other senators in introducing a resolution in June 2007 , pushing for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . In an interview that year , Hagel said a "  Jewish lobby intimidated lawmakers " -- sparking sharp criticism from some Jewish organizations and across the political spectrum . Graham has blasted what he calls "  an in-your-face nomination by the president to all of us who are supportive " of Israel . But others have rallied around him , including his friend Rabbi Aryeh Azriel of Temple Israel in Omaha , Nebraska . Azriel , who grew up in Israel and says he 's personally open for talks with Hamas and Hezbollah , praised Hagel as "  definitely a friend of Israel . He is independent , has wonderful , fresh ideas to try to reengage the discussion about the Middle East . " Hagel told the Journal Star there is "  not one shred of evidence that I 'm anti-Israeli , not one  Senate  vote that matters that hurt Israel , " claiming his critics have "  completely distorted " his record . Read more : White House officials reach out to Jewish community to answer Hagel concerns He emphasized his "  unequivocal , total support for Israel " and support for tough international economic sanctions against Iran , the paper reported . Such fiery rhetoric has prompted presidential nominees in the past to pull out . But the bumpy road ahead is unlikely to faze Hagel . "  Chuck Hagel is not afraid of challenge -- or risk , " his biographer , Charlyne Berens , wrote in 2006 . Praise from Powell , criticism from Iraq vet One high-profile Vietnam veteran standing by Hagel is Gen. Colin Powell , a former Joint Chiefs chairman who was secretary of state under the Republican administration of President George W. Bush . "  You can always count on him to analyze a difficult situation and take a position that reflects his best judgment , " said Powell , a Republican who nonetheless had similarly endorsed Obama . "  I believe that more than ever we need that kind of independent and bold leader who thinks in and out of the box . " Gen. Wesley Clark , former NATO supreme allied commander , said Hagel has earned the president 's trust . Hagel 's experience in Vietnam , which earned him two Purple Hearts , gave him "  the proper appreciation for what it 's like on the ground , at the bottom , " Clark said . But Rep. Tom Cotton , R-Arkansas , a veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , is not supportive . "  Our troops deserve much better than a man who voted to send them to war when it was popular and then abandoned those very troops when it was unpopular , " he said . He was referring to Hagel 's 2002 vote authorizing the war in Iraq and his ultimate opposition to it . Willingness to speak his mind stirs criticism , support If he becomes defense secretary , Hagel will be tasked with carrying out the orders of a president who concluded the war in Iraq and plans to end U.S. involvement in Afghanistan . Ending and avoiding war are part of what he committed his life to while in his 20s in Vietnam , Berens wrote . "  After a year of Vietnam 's miserable heat , nearly constant danger , and violent campaigns like the Tet Offensive , Chuck Hagel came back to the United States ready to get on with things -- and with both a loyalty to the U.S. military and a belief he should do all he could to prevent his nation 's being involved in another war . " Read more : Chuck Hagel 's views on war forged by Vietnam experience His fierce opposition to the Iraq War went far toward creating the schism that now exists between him and the GOP establishment . "  The damage this war has done to our country will play out for years to come , " he wrote in his 2008 book , "  America : Our Next Chapter . " "  While it is easy for nations to blunder into war , they never blunder into peace , " he added . Especially on foreign policy issues , Hagel has shown time and again his willingness to speak his mind -- even if it goes against the prevailing Republican thinking or , in the case of the 2009 Afghanistan surge , the position of Obama . His independence has spawned critics , as well as cheers . "  He 's a guy with really serious foreign policy chops and someone , frankly , who has n't been afraid to depart from his party when he thought they were wrong , " Murphy , the Democratic senator from Connecticut , told CNN . Hagel himself said Monday that he wo n't hold back if he becomes defense secretary , telling Obama , "  I will always give you my honest and most informed council . " CNN 's Mike Mount , Kevin Liptak , Jill Dougherty , and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	Obama says the ex-senator from Nebraska is "  the leader that our troops deserve " Hagel says he 's eager to "  set the record straight " about where he stands on issues He 's been criticized by Republicans for his position on Iraq , Iran and Israel Colin Powell says he supports Hagel ; Iraq vet Rep. Tom Cotton opposes him
Dr. Joycelyn Elders served as the first African-American U.S. surgeon general during the Clinton administration . At a 1994 United Nations conference on AIDS , she was asked about promoting masturbation to prevent young people from engaging in riskier sexual activity . "  I think that it is part of human sexuality , " Elders replied , "  And perhaps it should be taught . " She was forced to resign . Elders , 75 , continues to address sexual health and education on the lecture circuit . ESSENCE.COM talked to the retired professor about her advice for President Obama 's nominee for surgeon general and the battle over health care reform . Dr. Joycelyn Elders appears at her confirmation hearings for the office of U.S. surgeon general in 1993 . ESSENCE  -- ESSENCE.COM : When you were surgeon general , you were outspoken on controversial issues like distributing contraception in high schools and talking about drug legalization . What advice would you give to Dr. Regina Benjamin , if she is confirmed , about how to approach those kinds of issues ? DR. JOCELYN ELDERS : How to approach those issues and keep her job ? My advice to Dr. Benjamin is to decide on the issues that you want to go out and work and fight for . But also know that , if there are issues that you feel strongly about , you have every former surgeon general out there -- we organize and we talk -- who can address some of those issues for you . If she feels like it 's a really controversial thing , she does n't always have to take it on herself . She can let one of us take it on . Another thing that 's very important is to always use science-based data to speak out against things , even if they 're politically incorrect . That 's what the office has always stood for . When everything else drills down , people still believe in the surgeon general . ESSENCE.COM : Do you think the president is being forceful enough about getting Blue Dog Democrats and Republicans to keep a public option in the bill ? ELDERS : This is probably something I should n't say , but I 'm always saying that anyway , so one more time wo n't hurt . The president is really out there knocking his brains out trying to get this through , but I feel he is taking too much of the lead . He should allow other people in his administration to be out here running from place to place , doing town hall meetings and all of this other stuff . When it gets down to the final bill and shaping it into what you want it to be , then let the president come in to do the heavy lifting . We 've got the president out there doing heavy lifting before anyone else . Essence : Cambridge mayor on teaching a lesson on race ESSENCE.COM : Regarding your comment about masturbation at the 1994 UN Conference on AIDS , if you could do it over would you do it differently ? ELDERS : No . That 's probably one of the best things I did for this country . I allowed us to talk about sexuality more openly and honestly . We are sexual beings , from birth to death , and we never feel that we can talk about sexual health . You ca n't be a healthy , well-adjusted human being without a healthy sexuality . ESSENCE.COM : When you were surgeon general , you also advocated for universal health care . How do you feel about the current debate on health insurance reform ? ELDERS : We debate health insurance reform every time we get a new president . Obviously this is something we should have done 50 or 60 years ago . We would n't be in the mess we 're in now had we done that . Watch Obama 's ex-doctor critical of health plan " But we ca n't have a healthy nation with ignorant people . We 've got to educate our population on how to be healthy and make them understand that they can do more to improve their own health than all the doctors in the world . If we want to reduce the cost of healthcare , we 've got to prevent disease and do what we need to do to keep people healthy and well . Esssence : Sonia Sotomayor : A wise Latina ESSENCE.COM : Do you see yourself as a trailblazer ? ELDERS : I do n't necessarily see myself as a trailblazer . I think I was saying things that many people thought but did n't say . AIDS was a political football for a long while , and now we are much more into prevention . But then , people are embarrassed to buy condoms and vaginal contraceptive films . Parents do n't talk about it . Society does n't talk about it . We ca n't talk about it on TV because the kids might learn about it . It just makes no sense what we do . I think that as we learn more , we will be less embarrassed about our own sexual health . And that should still be a big part of the agenda . Just think of how much teenage pregnancy costs . The most common cause of poverty in this country is unplanned pregnancy . People come up to me all the time and say , "  Dr. Elders , you were right . Too bad we did n't listen to you . " ESSENCE.COM : At the time that you were asked to resign , with all the media attention , what was that like ? What were you feeling and thinking at the time ? ELDERS : It happened so very quickly . I really was n't expecting it . I was told at 8 or 9 in the morning that they wanted my resignation on -LSB- White House Chief of Staff -RSB- Mr. Panetta 's desk by 2 o'clock in the afternoon . I spoke to Bill Clinton , and I think he understood what I was talking about . I was his director at the Arkansas Department of Health for six years , and I had said nothing different or new . But there 's a difference between being a governor of a small state and being the president of the United States . Essence : Will new green jobs go to black people ? But the best thing that ever happened to me was getting fired . I 've been able to go across the country and meet a lot of people I would have never met otherwise . I went back to the University of Arkansas and was on the faculty , and I 've had fun since I left Washington . And I never worried about what I was going to say anyway .	Essence.com talks with former surgeon general Dr. Joycelyn Elders She offers to join other former surgeon generals to discuss controversial issues Says nation ca n't be healthy with ignorant people -- more health education needed Says people can do more things to improve their own health than all the doctors
CNN  -- World champion Marc Marquez clinched his 11th victory of the season Sunday after returning to winning ways at the British MotoGP at Silverstone . The 21-year-old has had a stunning season so far , clinching 10 pole positions and winning all but one of twelve races . His only blip was a fourth-place finish in the last MotoGP in the Czech Republic . But the Spanish Honda rider did n't have it all his own way at Silverstone and enjoyed a pulsating fight with two-time world champion Jorge Lorenzo , whose Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi was third . "  Honestly Jorge was much stronger than I expected , " Marquez said after extending his championship lead to 89 points over Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa , who was fourth . "  When I passed him the first time I made a small mistake and he got the lead back ... However , I recalled what happened last year and I did n't want a repeat of that so I ensured once I got back in front again I would n't let it slip . " In an engrossing race last year 's winner Lorenzo initially took the lead from Marquez at the start . Marquez stayed on Lorenzo 's shoulder throughout and managed to pass him , only for Lorenzo to take the lead again with five laps to go . But two laps later , and after one failed overtaking maneuver , Marquez finally took the lead and stayed there .	Marc Marquez wins the British MotoGP to extend his lead in championship It is the Spaniard 's 11th victory in 12 races , having been fourth last time out He enjoyed a tough battle with last year 's Silverstone winner Jorge Lorenzo Lorenzo 's Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi is third ahead of Dani Pedrosa
Financial Times  -- When Macau unveiled record gambling revenues on Tuesday , the government was silent about the source of much of the cash fuelling the territory 's boom : illegal money transfers from mainland China . From pawn shops offering money withdrawal services , to underground banks using human mules to transport cash across the border , Macau tolerates the illicit methods that mainland punters use to bring money into the former Portuguese colony , which reverted to Chinese control in 1999 . Mainland tourists , who have made Macau the world 's largest gambling centre , can legally bring only Rmb20 ,000  $ 3,175  when crossing into the Chinese territory . But many gamblers bring more cash to the casino tables by using their Unionpay debit card to withdraw money -- for a fee . "  There is no risk . We pretend to sell the customer an expensive watch or a piece of jewellery , charge the amount in renminbi to the debit card , and then give him the equivalent amount in Macau patacas or Hong Kong dollars as if the customer had decided to return the object for an immediate cash refund , " says the manager of a pawnshop up the street from the Grand Lisboa casino , Macau 's oldest casino owned by Stanley Ho , the gambling tycoon . The manager says the cardholder 's records will register the transaction as a purchase . Unionpay , which was formed by China 's big banks , says it bans such transactions , but the company declined to comment on the fact that the practice remained widespread . The company said it no longer released data on how much cardholders spent in Macau . People familiar with the industry say the Macau government can not afford to shut down the illegal services , which hundreds of pawn shops advertise publicly on neon signs . "  The Macau government 's hands are tied , " says one veteran Macau policeman . "  It is not going to initiate a crackdown , because over 75 per cent of its revenue comes from gaming taxes . " About 16m mainland Chinese visited Macau in 2011 , an increase of more than 20 per cent on the previous year , and 60 per cent more than the 10m who visited in 2006 . Analysts estimate that up to 30 per cent of Macau 's gaming revenue could be channelled through illegal channels . "  Banking restrictions make it very difficult to transfer funds to Macau legitimately , but it is easy for people to find ways -LSB- around the rules -RSB- , " says a senior Chinese bank manager who gambles in Macau . While the debit card cashback service is the most visible source of money for the less well-heeled punters , those with deeper pockets have found different ways to avoid the restrictions . VIP punters -- whom analysts estimate generate 70 per cent of Macau 's gaming revenues -- gamble on credit provided by so-called junket operators who seek out wealthy mainland gamblers . The junket operators receive commissions from the casinos or get a share of the profits . They , or their agents , sometimes use underground banks to return the money they have collected as debt on the mainland to Macau . The lenders use criminal gangs from Fujian and Guangdong provinces who in turn pay human mules as little as $ 5 -- compared with Guangdong 's average daily wage of $ 7 -- to smuggle cash across the border . While the underground banks are part of what is known as the shadow banking system in China , providing credit to cash-strapped companies , their Macau-related business is limited to transferring money from other sources . One former junket operator and a Hong Kong owner of a mainland factory in Guangdong province , just across the border from Macau , described how operators also use Hong Kong business people who own companies on the mainland to transfer money illegally . He said operators handed over renminbi debts collected on the mainland to the factory owner , who used the money to pay his staff wages . Then , the owner sent the equivalent in Hong Kong dollars from his Hong Kong bank account to the operator 's account in Macau . Both sides profited by agreeing a mutually beneficial exchange rate . There is no public data available to indicate exactly how much of Macau 's gaming revenue comes from illegal channels , and casino operators and government officials refuse to speak about the issue . Macau 's Gaming Inspection and Co-ordination Bureau refused to comment . "  Neither the Macau government nor Beijing wishes to damage the Macau economy . There 's good reason to keep the scale of illegal transactions a closely guarded secret so nobody needs to take action , " says the police officer . While Beijing does not condone gambling on the mainland , it has so far not cracked down on the illegal transfers . Analysts say it is unlikely to take action as the Chinese Communist party does not want to destabilise Macau just 13 years after the city returned to Chinese rule . "  Beijing is unlikely to take measures such as tightening visa restrictions or clamping down on debit card cashback services , as long as Macau is seen as a safe and enjoyable place to visit and casino operators refrain from activities or comments that might portray the city in a bad light , " says Grant Govertsen , the Macau-based managing partner at Union Gaming Research , a US research group .  The Financial Times Limited 2012	Macau tolerates illicit methods to bring money into the former Portuguese colony Underground banks using human mules to transport cash across the border Macau had record gambling revenues from 16M mainland visitors last year
In this new weekly feature , CNN.com highlights five recommended Twitter feeds about a hot topic in the news . Despite her importance in the health care debate , Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine is not on Twitter . CNN  -- The U.S. Senate Finance Committee this week passed a 10-year , $ 829 billion health care reform bill -- partly because of a "  yes " vote from a lone Republican , Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine . Snowe does n't appear to be on Twitter . Too bad . But plenty of other people are posting about health care reform and the U.S. health care system on the micro-blogging site . This list of health care twitterers is by no means comprehensive , so feel free to tell us about your favorites in the comments section below . 1 . PolitiFact : The health care reform debate has been nothing if not confusing . "  Death panels , " "  tea parties , " Rep. Joe Wilson shouting "  You lie ! " at the president . It 's a mess to sort through , especially on a vat of commentary and opinion like Twitter . Luckily , there are feeds like @PolitiFact to help . This Pulitzer-Prize-winning news group , which is part of the St. Petersburg Times , sorts fact from fiction on the health care debate and other topics . That "  You lie ! " comment , for instance ? A lie , Politifact says . Followers : More than 4,800 Sample tweet : We fact-check whether the Baucus #healthcare bill would tax medical devices such as X-ray tests and surgical needles http://bit.ly/dzZdu 2 . SusannahFox : Fox is a researcher at the Pew Internet and American Life Project . Does n't sound very health-care-relevant , huh ? But Fox 's Twitter feed is packed with anecdotes and statistics about how social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook are changing doctor-patient relationships and the state of health care at large . Followers : More than 2,150 Sample tweet : Pew Internet : 38 % of internet users look online for information about hospitals or other medical facilities http://bit.ly/oS9mq 3 . kevinmd : Blogger and doctor Kevin Pho offers up commentary on his life as a physician and the health care system . His random tidbits of medical information can be a riot , especially if you 're looking in from outside the medical community . Followers : More than 15,300 Sample tweet : Should medical journals use the term nauseous , nauseated , or nauseating ? http://bit.ly/1yffx 4 . whitehouse : Buildings can type ? Apparently . The official White House Twitter feed covers a slate of topics , but heath care has been especially big on the administration 's recent tweeting agenda . Followers : More than 1.3 million Sample tweet : Jibber jabber on costs in reform from protectors of the status quo . Take it from the expert instead : http://bit.ly/4CGmMs 5 . AmerMedicalAssn : This doctors ' group tries to spice up the health care debate with its purple font ! Oh , and tons of newsy updates on the latest votes , disputes and developments . Followers : More than 5,600 Sample tweet : Why do #healthcare costs keep rising ? An in-depth analysis of America 's health system . @ThisAmericanLife http://ow.ly/u0JX	On "  Follow Friday , " CNN.com recommends Twitter feeds on a news topic This week 's topic : The U.S. debate over health care SusannahFox comments on health care and social media kevinmd posts insights from his life as a physician
CNN  We 're used to seeing police dashboard videos of speeders , car accidents or worse . But the Dover Police Department in Delaware is turning the camera on its force to show that police are human , too -- and sometimes they just want to shake , shake , shake , shake , shake . A dashcam video of Dover Police Master Cpl. Jeff Davis cruising in his police vehicle and grooving to Taylor Swift 's "  Shake It Off " was an instant hit on Friday . The video was shared nearly 2,000 times in less than 24 hours from the department 's Facebook page and drew positive feedback from around the world . The goal of the video is to show a different side of police to counter negative perceptions of law enforcement , Dover Police Cpl. Mark Hoffman said . "  We 're trying to humanize police officers . People tend to look at us as robots with uniforms and gun belts so we wanted to a show a lighter side of our force , " he said . "  I think it 's important for people to see police in that light . " The video was shot as part of the Dover Police Department 's social media community outreach . To celebrate reaching 10,000 Facebook followers , the department launched a series called "  Dash Cam Confessionals , " debuting with Davis 's rendition of "  Shake It Off . " Hoffman suggested "  Shake It Off " and Davis was more than happy to oblige . He already knew the words , thanks to his 10-year-old daughter , a Taylor Swift fan . "  When you drive around in a car all the time listening to Taylor Swift you get to know all the words and like her songs , " the 19-year veteran of the force told CNN . In the video , Davis appears to pause periodically for passing vehicles . In reality , the video was shot in two takes in a secluded parking lot in Dover . "  It was fun thing , a nice thing to do with everything that 's going on with police . With all the negative publicity it 's nice to show a positive side of police , " he said . Judging by the response so far , he thinks it 's working . "  I think people are liking the fact of seeing police in a different view . "	Dover Police Department says goal of video is to show human side of police One officer shows how to "  Shake It Off "
CNN  -- Ah , London . Theater . Art . Fashion . Shopping . Nightlife . Meals you 'll never forget  and that can be meant , now , in a good way . Is there anything she does n't do superlatively ? Like every glittering metropolis , however , it can be easy to miss the highlights amid all the noise and haste . This mini-guide is filled with the information you need to get in and out of London while impressing the clients and co-workers and still having time to eat royally , take jealousy-inducing pictures and pick up the kinds of souvenirs the folks back home will actually keep . Fastest airport transport London has several international airports and all are serviced by public transportation into central London in around an hour and a half . But why struggle on and off trains with luggage if you do n't have to ? By far the most comfortable way to get from the airport into the city is by using a car service . One of the most reliable local services is Addison Lee . The company says it can get you into central London from Heathrow in 45 minutes  $ 72  and from Gatwick in an hour and 20 minutes  $ 111  . Good news if you use ride-share service Uber . It works in London . Addison Lee , +44  0  2073878888 Great rooms , great views London has plenty of high-end accommodations , from heritage hotels to glossy futuristic skyscrapers . For Old World style , Claridge 's is a top choice . Its opulent art deco interiors have played host to stars like Audrey Hepburn and Cary Grant . Some Deluxe King rooms have views of Brook Street , a Mayfair parade lined with fine restaurants and lavish boutiques . For quirky design and English eccentric styling , the Ham Yard Hotel in vibrant Soho is a good bet . Each room is individually designed with bold patterns and luxurious fabrics . Room 302 offers views over the bohemian party district . If the diversions of Soho are n't enough , the hotel has its own movie theater and bowling alley . For London 's most breathtaking views , you ca n't go wrong with the new Shangri-La at The Shard , in London 's tallest building . It 's located in the London Bridge area , which gives easy access to The City and is a few steps away from Borough Market , the city 's finest open-air food market . The hotel 's Iconic City View Room offers floor-to-ceiling windows that allow you to gaze across the Thames River at St. Paul 's Cathedral , Big Ben and The Gherkin . Claridge 's , Brook Street ; +44  0  2076298860 Ham Yard Hotel , 4 Richmond Mews ; +44  0  2036422000 Shangri-La at The Shard , 31 St. Thomas St. ; +44  0  2072348088 Best meals London is teeming with competitive foodies and the best restaurants are often filled weeks in advance -- it 's wise to book ahead . Michelin-starred Gymkhana is an elegant "  Raj-era India " place to sample high-end Anglo-Indian -- a kind of adopted national cuisine in the UK . For the perfect experience , chef-owner Karam Sethi recommends Muntjac biryani , which combines Indian spices with the best British game produce . He also suggests kid goat keema -- and opt to add "  bheja , " brains , for extra richness . Another London institution that gives international flavors the modern British treatment is Ottolenghi , owned by Jerusalemite chef Yotam Ottolenghi , who 's known for his bestselling cookbooks . The menu changes regularly but Ottolenghi says roasted aubergine is a must -- it 's always on the menu and currently with nutty almond yoghurt , pickled chili and paprika toasted almonds . Night owls who like views as fancy as the food should try Duck and Waffle , on the 40th floor of a skyscraper near London 's hip East End . It 's open 24/7 . Executive chef Daniel Doherty advises diners to order the signature dish : a fluffy Belgian waffle with a fried duck egg and mustard-infused maple syrup . For traditional English with a twist there 's Dinner by Heston Blumenthal , at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Hyde Park . The celebrated restaurant serves big flavors inspired by recipes from the UK 's daddy of molecular gastronomy . Iconic dishes include Tipsy Cake with spit-roasted pineapple and meat fruit  a tangy layer of fruit jelly , shaped like a mandarin , encasing a silky chicken liver parfait  . Gymkhana , 42 Albemarle St. , London ; +44  0  2030115900 Ottolenghi , 287 Upper St. , London ; +44  0  2072881454 Duck and Waffle , 110 Bishopsgate , London ; +44  0  2036407310 Dinner by Heston Blumenthal , 66 Knightsbridge , London ; +44  0  2072013833 Unique clothes All the big international brands are represented in London and there are plenty of high-end department stores , but the best-kept secret is the city 's boutiques , which show off the wealth of homegrown fashion . For immaculate tailoring with eccentric touches , both men and women head to British institution Paul Smith 's newest shop in Mayfair to invest in their business wardrobes . These include this season 's Chartreuse Cashmere-Blend Epsom Coat and Slim-Fit Navy Wool Suit , with trademark modish tailoring . Contemporary British menswear is all about a minimalist , utilitarian look . You can nail the style with a few pieces from Albam in Soho . There 's the New Slim Jean made with Japanese selvedge denim or the Scottish Virgin Wool Shawl Neck Sweater . But you have n't shopped in London until you 've been to Liberty . A department store with the feel of a boutique , it stocks high-end cosmetics , designer sunglasses , jewelry , vintage handbags and home wares , as well as an impressive selection of items from international and British designers . Among these are the Oxblood Liberty Print rucksack and the Barbour Olive Hooded Game Parka . Paul Smith , 9 Albemarle St. , London ; +44  0  2074934565 Albam , 23 Beak St. , London ; +44  0  2031577000 Liberty , Regent Street , London ; +44  0  2077341234 Best selfie spots As London was named selfie capital of the world earlier this year , it 'd be wrong to leave without getting a few . The obvious places remain the best . For the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben , you 'll get the best shot by walking halfway across Westminster Bridge , which crosses the Thames . For a stunning picture of yourself next to St. Paul 's Cathedral , go to the Millennium Bridge , which runs between the cathedral and the Tate Modern art gallery . If you can round up a few friends , there 's always the crossing at Abbey Road , where you can recreate the iconic 1969 Beatles album cover and appear on the new Abbey Road Studios Crossing Cam . Neighborhoods in a nutshell One of the joys of London is its neighborhoods . Locals talk about each area as a "  village " with its own identity and feel . Here 's a brief selection that you wo n't regret taking time out of your day to explore . Covent Garden The charms of this theater , shopping and eating district are hard to beat . Covent Garden was one of London 's first markets and the marketplace still stands in the Piazza , where you 'll find street performers and al fresco stalls . For shopping , you can head for the narrow streets near the tube station or see if you can score a last-minute ticket at the Royal Opera House . Covent Garden , Bow Street , London ; +44  0  2074205856 Bloomsbury The heart of London 's academic district is a stone 's throw from the West End . Leafy and grand , full of garden squares and Georgian terraces , this is where you 'll find The British Museum and The University of London . It 's also culturally significant , giving its name to the Bloomsbury Group of artists , the most famous of whom was Virginia Woolf . Karl Marx and Charles Darwin worked on their theories here , too . British Museum , Great Russell Street , London ; +44  0  2073238299 Notting Hill A few tube stops west of central London , this well-heeled area around Westbourne Grove and Ledbury Road is full of boutiques and cafes , while Portobello Road , lined with charming terraces of pastel-colored houses , has an excellent antiques market . One of the surprises of the area is the cultural mix , with Afro-Caribbean roots culture and trendy wealth rubbing against each other . The mix finds its full expression each August at the Notting Hill Carnival , the largest street fair of its kind in Europe . Decent souvenirs There 's no need to go home with a pair of Union Jack boxer shorts or a gold-edged plate with a picture of Kate and Wills in the middle . London 's many art galleries all have shops attached and are a great source of presents and souvenirs that are tasteful and different . At the Tate Modern shop , you can pick up a reproduction of a 1950s Matisse exhibition poster  $ 40  or a tea towel printed with a Turner landscape  $ 12  . Alternatively , the award-winning Snowden Flood shop specializes in well-designed souvenirs . Highlights include a beautiful Regent 's Park Scented Candle , perfumed with oak , bay and rosemary oils , or a Tower Bridge dinner plate . Tate Modern , Bankside , London ; +44  0  2078878888 Snowden Flood , Unit 1.01 Oxo Tower , Bargehouse Street ; +44  0  2074018710 Former CNN International producer Mairi Mackay is an award-winning Scottish journalist who splits her time between London , Tel Aviv and Jenin in the West Bank .	Using a car service instead of public transport can cut travel time between Heathrow and city center in half Hotels offering top views include Claridge 's , Ham Yard Hotel and the new Shangri-La at The Shard Top London neighborhoods to explore include Covent Garden , Bloomsbury and Notting Hill
Yemen 's army has retaken most of Jaar , the final al Qaeda stronghold in the country 's southern Abyan province , forcing hundreds of militants to flee the town , two local security officials told CNN . Hundreds of militants were still skirmishing with military forces Tuesday . The state-run Saba news agency also reported that government forces were retaking Jaar on Tuesday morning after fierce battles against al Qaeda with the support of the Yemeni air force . The agency confirmed that Batis district is now under government control . The officials estimated that more than 80 militants were killed over the last three days in the province , inlcuding 29 on Tuesday , mainly in areas surrounding Jaar and Zinjibar . They also confirmed that seven troops were also killed Tuesday . The officials said that thousands of landmines were planted in the roads and mountains leading to Jaar and were the reason for the government 's slow progress over the last two weeks . In a statement , the Yemeni Embassy in Washington said Tuesday that Yemen 's military retook areas previously controlled by the militants , including the governor 's mansion in Zinjibar . "  Demining engineers have been dispatched to sweep and clear previously held areas in Abyan , " the statement said . Military forces also aim to recapture the coastal town of Shaqra in Abyan province . And troops are making gains in the city of Azzan , an al-Qaeda stronghold in Shabwa province , it said . Hundreds of pro-government resistance fighters joined government lines last week . Eyewitnesses in Jaar told CNN that most civilians fled the town last week after the government warned they would attack if militants did not put down their arms . A senior Defense Ministry official told CNN that hundreds of militants are still fighting government troops in Jaar and the takeover will be complete by nightfall . "  Our troops entered Jaar but are not in total control of the town yet . We expect the town to be cleansed from al Qaeda by late Tuesday evening , " the official said on condition of anonymity , as he is not authorized to talk to media . He said that al Qaeda militants fled Jaar to the coastal city of Shuqra , where the army has already targeted the fighters with shelling and airstrikes . "  The militants are surrounded now , and it is a matter of time before they surrender , " he added . The government intensified its offensive against al Qaeda two months ago after newly elected President Abdurabu Hadi vowed to fight the militant group until its members are killed or surrender to the government . Ansar al-Sharia , an offshoot of al Qaeda , took over mass areas of Abyan province last May , benefiting from the political turmoil in the country . The Sanaa-based Abaad Strategic Center told CNN that the current government success in the war against al Qaeda came after the military was united and now serves a nation rather than factions . "  With a divided military last year , terror networks gained power and ground . The power transfer last February played a major role in weakening al Qaeda , " said Abdul Salam Mohammed , president of the center .	Security officials and news agency : Troops forced al Qaeda militants from the town of Jaar Officials estimate that more than 80 militants were killed in the last 3 days in Abyan province They say that seven troops were also killed Tuesday Hundreds of militants are still fighting in Jaar , Defense Ministry official says
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives passed the Republican version of the Violence Against Women Act on Wednesday , despite strong opposition from Democrats . The GOP version , passed 222-205 , offers a stark contrast from the bill passed by the Senate in late April , which will lead to further political fighting as both chambers attempt to work out a compromise over the law 's reauthorization . Wednesday 's vote fell largely along party lines , though 23 Republicans voted against their own party and opposed the bill . Meanwhile , six Democrats defected and voted in favor of the Republican version . The Violence Against Women Act was first enacted in 1994 . It has been reauthorized twice since then with bipartisan support and very little controversy . That 's not the case this time around . The Senate approved a bill last month with bipartisan support , voting 68-31 with every Republican woman supporting the measure . That version expands coverage to offer services to more illegal immigrants who are victims of domestic abuse . It also specifies that the law include gay , lesbian and transgender victims . Human Rights Watch released a report Wednesday showing immigrant farmworkers are especially at risk for domestic abuse and argued provisions in the Senate bill -- not the House version -- "  would go some way toward fixing the problem and should be enacted . " House Republicans oppose those changes , saying they are unnecessary because the law already covers all victims , and instead favor a narrower version of renewing the law . Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland , the No. 2 House Democrat , opposed the GOP bill and has been calling for a vote on the Senate measure . "  All victims of domestic violence , irrespective of gender , ought to be protected , " Hoyer said . "  We believe the protection ought to be comprehensive , and we do n't believe the Republicans ' bill does that . " He joined a number of House Democrats who urged their colleagues to vote against the bill prior to the floor vote on Wednesday . The White House late Tuesday threatened to veto the House GOP bill , in part because it "  fails to include language that would prohibit discrimination against LGBT victims . " The veto threat also says the GOP proposals "  senselessly remove existing legal protections " and "  jeopardize victims by placing them directly in harm 's way . " "  Today we are now debating something else that I never thought that we would be debating , which is whether or not all victims should be protected or just some , " said Sen. Debbie Stabenow , D-Michigan , in a press conference Wednesday . "  And we stand strongly together in saying that every single victim of domestic violence should have the law on their side . Vice President Joe Biden reacted to Wednesday 's vote by saying the House-passed version of the bill "  will roll back critical provisions to help victims of abuse . " House Republican leaders , meanwhile , accused Democrats of creating a phony fight for political gain . "  This is another one of the Democrat gimmicks that goes on around here , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said at a recent news conference . "  This is an important issue , but for our friends to be playing political games with this , frankly , is very inappropriate . " Sandy Adams , a first-term representative from Florida who rode the Republican wave in the 2010 midterm elections , agreed . "  I want to reauthorize it ; I do not want to politicize it . The victims deserve better than that . Americans deserve better than that . " After the vote , Adams said , "  Make no mistake about it ; this is a victim-centered bill that is all inclusive . Just like past reauthorizations , the House-passed legislation is focused on all victims , without regard for race , ethnicity , sexual preference , or nationality . House Republicans presented Adams as their new messenger this week in their fight to combat "  The War on Women , " one of the harshest election-year attack lines congressional Democrats have launched at Republicans . They accuse the GOP of waging this war on issues ranging from contraception to preventive health care coverage . "  I 'm pretty sure I 'm not at war with myself , " said Adams . She has maintained a relatively low profile during her time in Congress . But she stepped into the spotlight in a big way -- becoming the GOP face of the latest battle on Capitol Hill over the Violence Against Women Act , bringing her own story of domestic abuse with her . "  At an early age , I quit high school at 17 and joined the Air Force . Married by 18 , " Adams said . "  During the marriage , I had a little girl , and I realized really soon that my husband had a penchant for drinking , and when he drank , he turned very mean , very violent . " She took her daughter and left . She later found work as a law enforcement officer before winning a seat in the Florida state House and eventually running for the U.S. House . "  I have experienced it both on a personal level and a law enforcement level , " Adams said . "  I know how this law has helped so many people in our country . " Her personal story may have helped Republicans push their version of the 18-year-old law and also help deflect the continued Democratic criticism that Republicans are insensitive toward women . While Adams condemns politics playing a role in this latest congressional standoff , being at the center of it does n't help someone like her , who is facing some tough politics herself -- she is up against a much higher-profile fellow Republican , Rep. John Mica , in an upcoming primary in Florida . Now that the House has passed the Republican version of the bill , it will need to reconcile differences with the Senate over its bill . Both sides agree on the end goal : to renew the law . But in an election year , the lingering question is : How long will Congress drag out this fight ? CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	NEW : The House passes the GOP version of the Violence Against Women Act 222-205 Florida Rep. Adams is the face of Republican effort Adams was victim of domestic abuse and a law enforcement officer Senate version of bill expands provisions for illegal immigrants ; House version does n't
CNN  -- After the Chernobyl nuclear power plant disaster , Soviet soldiers had to do the hard , potentially risky , cleanup job . Fears of radiation exposure , sickness and death were rampant . In the months after , however , it was n't the rate of cancer that increased : it was the rate of suicide . This is now quoted widely in nuclear industry circles as a textbook case of "  radiophobia . " We are hard-wired , it seems , to react with fear to what we do n't understand . It 's what we all learn as children : remember the story of Chicken Little ? The sky is falling . Dan Polanski is in demand around the world as an expert on weapons of mass destruction . CNN has hired him to advise us on the ground about radiation levels and the potential risks . He says right now there is a fear overload and a shortage of fact . "  When we talk about radiophobia , people hear that word ` radiation ' and immediately imagine the worst -- we 're all going to die and turn into the Toxic Avenger and start mutating , " he says . The images from the Fukushima nuclear emergency have not helped ease fears . Pictures of a ruined power plant , smoke billowing into the sky after explosions and fires and talk of a potential meltdown have sparked panic . Too many people watching television images , fire-trucks and choppers dumping water on the reactors , smacked of last-ditch desperation . In Tokyo , foreigners have headed for the exits . Long lines have formed at the immigration department ; at the airport people line up for flights . Many say the same thing : They just do n't trust what they 're told . The Japanese government has struggled with communication . Critics say it is often too little , too late . There 's a worrying lack of detail . The Tokyo Electric Power Co. , which runs the Daiichi plant , has been accused of having a questionable record when it comes to the truth . Officials in Japan may have consistently told people that radiation levels pose no risk to health , but few here are willing to bet their life on that . Terumi Tanaka survived the atomic bomb of Nagasaki . He knows about nuclear fear and suspects people are not getting the truth here . "  The company is hiding information . They are lying about it ; they 're not disclosing the risk , " he says . So what are the available facts as they stand right now ? Take a comparison with Chernobyl . In the Soviet Union , reactor workers died within weeks . In the final phase of that disaster , radiation hit levels of 6,000 millisieverts per hour . Fukushima Daiichi 's peak has been 400 millisieverts per hour , and that 's at the red hot center of the plant itself . According to the World Nuclear Association , you need exposure to 1,000 millisieverts per hour before suffering radiation sickness . Even for the heroic workers still in the plant , prolonged exposure , says Polanski , could make them sick , but it will not kill them . "  No , not at all . Four hundred millisieverts sounds scary , but it 's not , " he says . A caveat : this emergency is in uncharted territory , it could always take a turn for the worse . After a week of trying everything and resorting to dropping water from helicopters , several reactors are still overheating . In fact , Japan 's nuclear safety agency has now raised the crisis to level 5 on the nuclear event scale . That 's the same rating as the partial meltdown of the nuclear plant at Three Mile Island in the United States in 1979 . But that may be a welcome comparison . At Three Mile Island , radioactive materials were contained within the reactors . No deaths were directly linked to the event , and fallout to the immediate community was measured to be harmless . Still more than 30 years later , some people question the official version . Just like Japan today there is a gap between what people are told and what they choose to believe . Amid crisis , fact whispers and fear screams .	We are hard-wired to react with fear to what we do n't understand , Grant says Expert says there is a fear overload and a shortage of fact Officials in Japan have told people that radiation levels pose no risk to health A caveat : this emergency is in uncharted territory
Washington  CNN  -- The latest assessment of human rights by the United States is critical of the records of Middle Eastern governments , including those of allies like Saudi Arabia and Bahrain , and adds that it will take "  years " before the impact of the wave of unrest across the region is understood . In a gripping introduction to its 2010 Human Rights Report released Friday , the State Department said , "  Because we are publishing this report three months into the new year ... our perspectives on many issues are now framed by the dramatic changes sweeping across countries in the Middle East in 2011 . " "  At this moment , " it said , "  we can not predict the outcome of these changes , and we will not know the lasting impacts for years to come . " The detailed report chronicles human rights conditions in 194 countries but it focuses significant attention on events in the Middle East and North Africa . No "  sweeping analysis " of the entire region is possible , it said , because the internal dynamics of each country are different . But , singling out Tunisia , which sparked the so-called "  Arab Spring " and Egypt , which threw out one of the most powerful leaders in the region , the report says , "  We are witnessing popular demands for meaningful political participation , fundamental freedoms , and greater economic opportunity . " "  These demands are profound , they are homegrown , and they are being driven by new activists , many of them young people . These citizens seek to build sustainable democracies in their countries with governments that respect the universal human rights of their own people . If they succeed , the Middle East region , and with it the whole world , will be improved . " The 2010 Human Rights Report lists three trends that are affecting rights around the world : The first is the "  explosive growth " of non-governmental advocacy organizations promoting democracy and human rights issues and causes . "  In many countries "  citizens ' organizations have been created against great odds and only because individual human rights activists were willing to face great personal risk , " it says . In the last several years , more than 90 governments have sought to pass restrictive laws and regulations hampering the ability of organizations to register , operate freely , or receive foreign funding The second trend is the explosion of connective technologies like the internet and mobile phones . In Egypt and Tunisia , the report notes , "  while it is the courage of the people themselves that led the way and was the driving force , the amplifying impact of these new technologies , coupled with the power of television stations and the internet to broadcast videos obtained by citizens using these mobile phones , can not be denied . " More than 40 governments , however , it says , now are using a combination of regulatory restrictions , technical controls on access to the internet , and technologies designed to repress speech and infringe on the personal privacy of those who use these rapidly evolving technologies . In China , for example , it says bloggers and webmasters have been arrested and charged with "  subverting state power " for re-tweeting a post or operating a website where others posted comments . The third trend , a negative one , the State Department said , is the escalation of violence , persecution , and official and societal discrimination against members of vulnerable groups , such as racial , religious , and ethnic minorities . The discrimination extends to women , children , persons with disabilities ; and lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender  LGBT  persons . "  In Uganda , intimidation and harassment of LGBT individuals worsened during the year , " it said , "  and some government and religious leaders threatened LGBT individuals . Honduras saw an upsurge in killings of members of the LGBT community by unknown individuals . LIBYA In Libya , currently in a state of civil war as its leader , Moammar Gadhafi , clings to power , the State Department said , "  Colonel al-Gadhafi and his close associates monopolized every aspect of decision-making in the government . " Read about alleged Libyan rape victim thankful for support . The Libyan government , it says , continues to use torture and arbitrary arrest . "  A large but unknown number of persons remained in detention or prison for engaging in peaceful political activity or for belonging to an illegal political organization . " SYRIA In Syria , swept with dissent against its president , Bashar al-Assad , government security forces in 2010 committed "  unlawful killings , detained political and human rights activists , and tortured and physically abused prisoners and detainees with impunity , " the State Department said . TUNISIA In an update on Tunisia , however , the report is optimistic , saying the United States is "  encouraged by the creation of a fact-finding committee to investigate human rights abuses that took place during the uprising , " it said . EGYPT In Egypt , the State Department says the United States is "  waiting for the government to lift the state of emergency , which the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has promised to do prior to parliamentary elections . " SAUDI ARABIA A key U.S. ally , Saudi Arabia , comes in for criticism , with the report noting "  there were severe restrictions on religious freedom and discrimination on the basis of religion was common . " In addition , the Saudi government , it said , restricted access to the internet and interfered with citizens ' privacy while online , monitoring e-mail and internet chat rooms and blocked sites , "  including pages about Hinduism , Judaism , Christianity , and certain forms of Islam deemed incompatible with Sharia law and national regulations . " BAHRAIN In Bahrain , the report cites were "  multiple allegations of mistreatment and torture , especially of Shia activists associated with rejectionist and opposition groups . Authorities arbitrarily arrested activists , journalists , and other citizens and detained some individuals incommunicado , " it said . Shia Muslims are underrepresented in leadership positions in the civil service , police , and security forces and citizens in general "  did not have the right to change their government . " The government restricted civil liberties , including freedoms of speech , press , assembly , association , and some religious practices , it notes . ISRAEL In Israel , the State Department cites "  institutional , legal , and societal discrimination against Arab citizens , Palestinian residents of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip , non-Orthodox Jews , and other religious groups . " It says there is societal discrimination against persons with disabilities , as well as discrimination and domestic violence against women , particularly in Bedouin society . "  While trafficking in persons for the purpose of prostitution decreased in recent years , trafficking for the purpose of labor remained a serious problem , as did abuse of foreign workers and societal discrimination and incitement against asylum seekers . " YEMEN In Yemen , the report cites "  arbitrary and unlawful killings , politically motivated disappearances , and reports of torture and other physical abuse accompanied the use of excessive force against civilians in internal conflict . Human rights abuses included " severe limitations on citizens ' ability to change their government due to , among other factors , corruption , fraudulent voter registration , administrative weakness , and close political-military relationships at high levels . PAKISTAN In Pakistan it cites media and non-governmental organization reports on allegations of extrajudicial killings and detention of civilians by the security forces . The total number of reported torture and rape cases of individuals in custody almost doubled , the report notes , compared to 2009 . CHINA Last year , the state of human rights in China was a hot-button issue , with charges that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was downplaying abuses . The 2010 report says a "  negative trend in key areas of human rights continued . " The government , it said , "  stepped up restrictions on lawyers , activists , bloggers , and journalists ; tightened controls on civil society ; and increased attempts to limit freedom of speech and control the press , the internet , and internet access in 2010 . " It notes the increased use of "  forced disappearances , " strict house arrest , arbitrary detention in "  black jails " and other forms of "  soft detention " to silence independent voices and punish activists and their families . It singles out legal activist Chen Guangcheng , along with his wife and child . Chen remained under house arrest , as did other released political prisoners . RUSSIA In Russia , the report says , the government detained demonstrators and continued to pressure non-governmental organizations , independent media , some religious minorities , independent labor unions , and political opposition . Attacks on and the murder of journalists and activists continued . BELARUS And in Belarus , the State Department report highlights "  particularly harsh treatment " of pro-democracy activists and journalists . More than 700 pro-democracy activists , including seven presidential candidates , were arrested during public demonstrations following the flawed December 2010 presidential elections , it says . In the weeks that followed , the offices and homes of civil society representatives , independent journalists , and political activists were raided as part of an effort to stifle expression . The State Department 's Human Rights Report is translated into over 50 languages and made available online . In conjunction with the new report , State Department launched a new website called humanrights.gov .	State Department releases 2010 Human Rights Report Report notes "  dramatic changes sweeping across countries in the Middle East in 2011 " "  We can not predict the outcome of these changes "
Boston  CNN  Even as the defense for accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev continued its quest to move the trial to another city , prosecutors indicated Thursday that a federal court is drawing close to finding enough unbiased jurors in Boston . Sixty-one prospects have been identified as qualified to decide the capital case against Tsarnaev , Assistant U. S. Attorney William Weinreb announced at a federal appeals court hearing before a three-judge panel . The attorneys plan to pick 12 jurors and six alternates from a pool of 70 . U.S. District Judge George O'Toole has turned down three previous defense requests to move the trial . He is convinced he can find enough impartial jurors among the 1,373 people who filled out lengthy questionnaires . The 13th Juror : CNN 's Ann O'Neill on the Boston Marathon terror trial To prevail at the appeals court level , the defense will have to convince two of the three judges that extraordinary circumstances are creating a hardship that is likely to cause irreparable harm . Judith Mizner , appellate chief of the federal public defender 's office , suggested that the real harm might be a loss of faith in the judicial system . Jury selection began on January 5 , and has lasted far longer than anyone expected . Court also has been closed on six days by snowstorms . The brief hearing on arguments on the change of venue issue interrupted the morning 's session of jury selection . It will be the 18th day . So far , 219 people have been questioned closely about their opinions about Tsarnaev 's guilt , their feelings about the death penalty and whether they or anyone they knew was directly affected by the bombing and deadly police shootout a few days later . The defense says it is impossible to overcome the bias against Tsarnaev in Boston . Mizner pointed to construction crews working outside the courthouse who have raised "  Boston Strong " banners and painted the rallying slogan on the sides of cement mixers . "  This attack is viewed as an attack on the marathon itself and an attack on the city of Boston , " Mizner said . She cited juror responses such as these :  "  Why waste time on a trial because this guy is guilty . "  "  We should skip the trial and go right to the sentencing . "  "  For this case , I think a public execution would be appropriate , particularly by a mom of a victim at the finish line . " But prosecutors countered that painstaking individual questioning of jurors is successfully identifying people who promise to keep an open mind and decide the case based on the evidence they hear in court . The defense asserts that the trial should be moved because 98 % of the people who filled out questionnaires either believe Tsarnaev is guilty , have a connection to the marathon or know someone who was a victim 's relative , a first responder or on the staff of the hospitals that treated more than 260 maimed or injured people . Three people , including an 8-year-old boy , died on April 15 , 2013 , when two pressure cooker bombs went off , just moments apart , near the marathon finish line . An MIT police officer was ambushed and shot to death days later as Tsarneav and his older brother , Tamerlan , allegedly tried to escape capture by police . Tamerlan died in the gunfight . The three-judge appeals court said it will rule later on the venue issue . Meanwhile , jury selection is continuing , with just nine more to be found before each side exercises 23 challenges , dismissing individual jurors without having to explain why . Those left standing will likely end up on the jury of a three - to four-month trial that could be wrenching and gruesome at times . No cameras are allowed at the Tsarnaev trial . But CNN 's Ann O'Neill will be there every day . Think of her as The 13th Juror , bringing insights here weekly . And follow @AnnoCNN on Twitter daily .	Defense asking three-judge appellate panel to move Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's trial from Boston Judge has turned down three previous defense requests to move Boston Marathon trial Prosecutors indicate court is near to finding enough unbiased jurors in Boston
Washington  CNN  -- On one side were pegboard panels mounted with various assault rifles and semi-automatic weapons -- including a Bushmaster similar to the one used in last month 's Newtown school massacre . Behind the stage stood police officers supporting a renewed ban on such firepower . One by one , victims of gun violence told their brief stories and expressed support for a new federal ban being proposed by Sen. Dianne Feinstein on some assault rifles and semi-automatic weapons . Almost six weeks after the Connecticut shooting rampage that killed 20 first graders , Feinstein said she planned to introduce her measure later Thursday , with Reps. Carolyn McCarthy of New York and Ed Perlmutter of Colorado doing the same in the House . What 's in Feinstein 's gun bill ? Feinstein 's proposal would upgrade an assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 and also outlaw ammunition magazines that hold more than 10 rounds . She said the goal is to "  dry up the supply of these weapons over time . " "  These massacres do n't seem to stop , " the California Democrat lamented , listing notorious rampages of past years known by the lone name of their locations -- Columbine , Virginia Tech , Aurora , Tucson and Oak Creek . "  We should be outraged at how easy it is " for attackers to get hold of the semi-automatic weapons or large-capacity magazines used in those slaughters , Feinstein told the event at the U.S. Capitol that she organized . Sandy Hook probe to extend until summer Her legislation is opposed by the nation 's powerful gun lobby , led by the National Rifle Association . That means that despite a push by the White House and Democrats for tougher gun control steps , Feinstein 's full measure is given little chance of winning congressional approval . In a statement on Thursday , the NRA said that Feinstein "  has been trying to ban guns from law-abiding citizens for decades . " "  The American people know gun bans do not work and we are confident Congress will reject Senator Feinstein 's wrong-headed approach , " the organization added . In a sign of the gun lobby 's influence , a nine-day sports and outdoor show scheduled to take place in Pennsylvania next month was postponed Thursday because the NRA withdrew its support over the decision by organizers to ban the display of "  modern sporting rifles " -- the kind of semi-automatic weapons targeted by Feinstein 's proposal . At her Washington event , Feinstein acknowledged that enacting a ban was "  really an uphill road , " adding : "  If anyone asks if we can win this , the answer is we do n't know , because it 's really uphill . " She then made a plea for people to call their senators and House members to declare "  enough is enough , " adding that a mobilized public is "  stronger than the gun lobby . " Later Thursday , Vice President Joe Biden made a similar appeal in an online discussion on Google , saying : "  Make your voices heard . " He insisted that a reasonable ban on semi-automatic weapons and high-capacity magazines , as well as strengthening background checks , presented no threat to the constitutional right to bear arms . "  It 's not about keeping bad guns out of the hands of good people , " Biden said . "  It 's about keeping all guns out of the hands of bad people . " President Barack Obama called for renewing the assault weapons ban as part of his package of gun control proposals announced earlier this month in response to the December 14 Newtown school massacre and overall gun violence in America . Marine to senator : ` No ma'am , ' I wo n't register my guns Feinstein 's measure would stop the sale , transfer , importation and manufacture of more than 100 specialty firearms and certain semi-automatic rifles , as well as limiting magazines to 10 rounds or less , she said . Not all of the weapons in the bill meet the technical definition of assault weapons . The restrictions would not apply to guns owned before enactment of any law . Feinstein noted her proposal exempts from the ban more than 2,000 models used for hunting or sporting purposes . "  They are by make and model exempted from the legislation , " she said , adding that the old ban had 375 such exemptions . Those exemptions were an apparent effort to garner support for the measure from conservative Democrats and others expected to face fierce lobbying by the NRA and constituents . Supporters of more gun control acknowledge the constitutional right to bear arms , but argue that rifles capable of firing multiple rounds automatically or semi-automatically exceed the reasonable needs of hunters and other gun enthusiasts . They also contend that high-capacity ammunition magazines provide the capability for mass shootings such as the Newtown massacre . Opponents contend the Second Amendment forbids the government from this type of limit on weapon ownership by citizens . They worry that such a weakening of gun rights would signal a shift that would leave citizens defenseless against criminals and , some also argue , against potential future government tyranny or abuse . Instead , the NRA has called for increasing armed guards at schools to protect students . Speakers at the event organized by Feinstein rejected arguments that anyone beyond the military or law enforcement officers needed such firepower . "  How are you going to hunting with something like that ? " asked Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey , pointing to the assault weapons displayed to his left . "  You kill something , there 's nothing left to eat . " With new Congress comes a new push for gun laws Continuing bloodshed on the nation 's streets -- with dozens dying every day from gun violence -- should be enough evidence to overcome the past inability to get gun control legislation enacted , he argued . "  If the slaughter of 20 babies does not capture and hold your attention , then I give up because I do n't know what else will , " Ramsey continued , thrusting a pointed finger for emphasis . At Feinstein 's request , people who were injured or lost loved ones to gun violence , including several from the Virginia Tech massacre , then offered their support for her efforts . Some told of losing a parent or child . Others described how attackers inflicted carnage so quickly . Pam Simon , a staff member to Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona , said she was a few feet away from the congresswoman on the day both were shot outside a Tucson grocery store . "  On that day , 30 bullets were delivered in less than 30 seconds , " Simon said . NRA chief : Obama makes ` mockery ' of American freedoms Some of the weapons on display Thursday are currently against the law in the District of Columbia , and Democratic sources told CNN that Feinstein coordinated with police on being able to have the guns there . NBC 's David Gregory was recently investigated for holding a banned ammunition magazine on the network 's "  Meet the Press " program broadcast from Washington . No charges were brought in that case . Obama 's proposals include expanding and strengthening background checks on gun buyers to ensure all sales include screening to prevent weapons from going to criminals and the mentally ill . While the gun lobby has indicated support for some improvements in background checks , it remains opposed to other steps , saying they wo n't prevent criminals from getting weapons . Instead , gun advocates urge tougher enforcement of existing laws and making criminals serve their full sentences . Biden led a panel assembled by Obama in December to examine gun control steps after the Newtown shootings , which sparked a fierce public debate over how to prevent such mass killings . Biden 's recommendations formed the basis of the package of proposals Obama announced this month . A recent CNN/Time Magazine/ORC International poll indicated that Americans generally favor stricter gun control , but they do n't believe that stricter gun laws alone would reduce gun violence . In announcing his gun control package , Obama also signed executive actions that call for tougher enforcement of existing laws and require federal agencies to provide data for background checks . New York state recently enacted a series of new gun regulations , the nation 's first since the Newtown shootings . Ten other states are reviewing some form of related action . The issue is among the most politically divisive in the country , as demonstrated by the decision by Reed Exhibitions to postpone the nine-day Eastern Sport and Outdoor Show scheduled to start February 2 in Harrisburg . On Tuesday , the NRA withdrew its support for the show due to the decision by organizers to ban modern sporting rifles from exhibition . "  We had called on Reed Exhibitions to reconsider their decision ; unfortunately they have steadfastly refused to do so , " an NRA statement said . "  As a result , the NRA will not be participating in the upcoming show in Harrisburg or in any other shows hosted by Reed Exhibitions that maintain this policy . " In announcing Thursday that the show was off , a Reed Exhibitions official said the intent of excluding "  certain products " was to focus on hunting and fishing traditions of the event . "  It has become very clear to us after speaking with our customers that the event could not be held because the atmosphere of this year 's show would not be conducive to an event that is designed to provide family enjoyment , " said Chet Burchett , the company 's president for the Americas . "  It is unfortunate that in the current emotionally charged atmosphere this celebratory event has become overshadowed by a decision that directly affected a small percentage of more than 1,000 exhibits showcasing products and services for those interested in hunting and fishing , " he added . CNN 's Halimah Abdullah , Kevin Bohn and Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	NEW : Vice President Biden takes part in an online discussion on gun violence Sen. Feinstein warns of an "  uphill road " to get her proposal passed The NRA says it is "  confident " Congress wo n't pass Feinstein 's measure The proposals come almost six weeks after the Newtown school massacre
CNN  How can more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls simply disappear ? And how can the Nigerian government and the rest of the world have allowed this to happen ? Exactly 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in Chibok , northeastern Nigeria . They are still missing . For this we should all feel shame : shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity by fanatical thugs . Shame that when such horrendous acts occur , our collective attention span is so fleeting . A year ago , I could never have imagined that we would be here today , marking the grim 12-month milestone of these girls going missing . In the early days of their abduction much of the world stood as one , rallying around the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls . On the ground in Nigeria as part of CNN 's team covering the story , I was buoyed by this global solidarity . A year on , meet the man still fighting to #BringBackOurGirls Caught in the blinding glare of global attention , and facing a tide of questions about their bungled response to the kidnappings , the Nigerian government felt the weight of accountability and was spurred to take greater action ; offers of assistance from the likes of the US , UK , France , and China were accepted . Promise after promise was made by Nigerian government officials that the girls would come home -- so where are they , and where is the global outrage over these broken promises and broken dreams ? My heart goes out to the grief-stricken loved ones of these missing girls on this painful anniversary . Poor and socially marginalized , all many of them have is their hope that their girls will one day return . Girls who escaped risk lives to go to school The task of keeping that hope alive has largely been taken up by the handful of #BringBackOurGirls campaigners in Nigeria . These men and women have worked tirelessly to keep the story alive for the past year ; their struggle has been a painful and increasingly lonely one . But as the world 's gaze has shifted they have continued to meet the Nigerian government 's silence with cries of : "  Bring Back Our Girls , now and alive ! " At this point , finding the girls will not be easy . But it can be done . It must be done . Malala offers ` solidarity , love , hope ' to abducted schoolgirls These girls are no different from your daughters , sisters , nieces : each has hopes and dreams of their own . But I also believe there is another reason these girls must be reunited with their families - in the words of Martin Luther King : "  Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality , tied in a single garment of destiny . Whatever affects one directly , affects us all indirectly . " Our common humanity compels us to do our part , to right this shameful wrong . How the world has changed since the kidnappings	Some 276 girls were kidnapped from their school in northeastern Nigeria by Boko Haram a year ago Despite a global outcry , one year on , only a handful have escaped and returned home Isha Sesay : We should all feel shame that our collective attention span is so fleeting
CNN  -- "  Hannah Montana : The Movie " is exactly what it purports to be , no more , no less : a two-hour version of a "  Hannah Montana " TV episode . Miley Cyrus stars as Hannah Montana -- and Miley Stewart -- in "  Hannah Montana : The Movie . " Hannah 's popularity becomes too much for Miley Stewart  Cyrus  . Miley retreats to Tennessee , learns what really matters , performs some songs and kisses a boy , and everything turns out all right in the end . Peter Chelsom -- whose checkered career includes the terrific "  Funny Bones " and "  Hear My Song " as well as the bomb "  Town & Country " -- handled the direction . It 's a sunny movie for Easter weekend . There are no Blofelds threatening the world , no sexual intercourse with pies , no bodies shot into pieces by machine guns smuggled in cocaine . Just sweet Miley Cyrus , her soul-patched dad and the huge Disney movie machine humming along . Watch Miley and Billy Ray Cyrus talk about "  Hannah " " Which means that perfect counterprogramming is "  Observe and Report , " which walks a fine line between brilliant and revolting . CNN.com 's Tom Charity thinks it 's great ; the New York Press ' Armond White calls it "  the ugliest , most hate-filled comedy since ` Borat . ' "  Which , for many , could make "  Observe " a must-see ; if White wanted to discourage people , he should have said "  the ugliest , most hate-filled comedy since ` Waiting . ' " Also opening this weekend is "  Dragonball : Evolution , " and , for a handful of markets , there 's "  Anvil ! : The Story of Anvil , " about an '80s metal band that never grasped the brass ring but whose history certainly makes for entertaining watching . That film is earning a 98 percent rating at Rotten Tomatoes and 83 percent at Metacritic , some of the highest marks of the year . Watch a preview of "  Dragonball " " On the DVD front , more 2008 holiday movies have found their way on to video , including "  Yes Man , " "  Bedtime Stories , " "  The Day the Earth Stood Still " and "  Doubt , " the latter of which was nominated for five Oscars . That 's five more than "  Yes Man , " "  Bedtime Stories " or "  The Day the Earth Stood Still , " for what it 's worth . Bob Mould , Neil Young and the Doves released albums last week ; among the acts putting out albums Tuesday are Fastball and Silversun Pickups .  And now "  The Way " is running through my mind .  Watch an interview with country star Jason Aldean " So , not a bad Easter weekend -- and it will conclude  more or less  with the final round of the Masters golf tournament . Miley Cyrus will probably not be there . She 's got some wholesome singing to do .	"  Hannah Montana : The Movie " opens this weekend , starring Miley Cyrus "  Observe and Report " is "  Hannah 's " opposite : crude and cutting Masters golf tournament ends Sunday
CNN  -- They have dismissed him , attempted to silence him and threatened him with arrest . Mehdi Karrubi , pictured , ran against hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the June 12 election . But Iran 's Islamic hardliners so far have failed to stifle opposition leader Mehdi Karrubi 's claims that post-election detainees have been abused -- some even raped -- behind bars . Actually , the 72-year-old cleric has grown increasingly defiant in recent weeks . His latest move : going public with a first-hand account from a detainee who says he was raped in a Tehran prison . "  I was in prison , blindfolded and tied down . They beat me almost to death and did the most despicable thing to me , which is rejected even by all infidels and idol worshipers and I only had the courage to make Mr. Karrubi aware of this , " the unidentified male says in a statement posted Monday on Karrubi 's party Web site . The male says he spoke to Karrubi after his release and "  I was convinced that if someone is raped -- while his hands and feet are tied and he has not powers to defend himself -- not only has he not committed a sin , but he has been victimized . " The statement alleges incidents of sexual abuse in Kahrizak prison , which has since been ordered closed by the supreme leader of Iran . The male says he was subjected to humiliating questions by judiciary officials as recently as Thursday . Karrubi said the man 's account is the tip of the iceberg , and that he will continue posting accounts on the Web site if "  the current trend continues . " Iranian government officials could not be reached late Monday . However , the government this month firmly denied Karrubi 's rape allegations , dismissing them as lies . Karrubi , along with opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , ran against hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the June 12 election . Despite reformists crying foul , Iran 's election authority declared Ahmadinejad the overwhelming winner , driving hundreds of thousands of Iranians to the streets in protest . Karrubi , a former parliamentary speaker , has since been scorned by government hardliners , whose credibility and legitimacy have been publicly questioned in the aftermath of the election . Allegations of the torture , abuse and rape of post-election detainees have forced the Islamic regime to respond to behavior inside prisons that has been compared to the abuse of political prisoners under the regime of the Shah of Iran , who was overthrown by the Islamic Revolution in 1979 . Karrubi 's claims have sparked outrage from human rights groups , including Amnesty International , which have called on Iran 's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei to authorize an independent inquiry and allow international experts to participate in the investigation . Khamenei has n't taken up their offer . However , Iran 's powerful conservative parliamentary speaker , Ali Larijani , said a special committee of Iran 's parliament , or Majlis , conducted a "  precise and comprehensive inquiry " into the treatment at Tehran 's Evin and Kahrizak prisons , and found "  no cases of rape or sexual abuse , " government-funded Press TV has reported . He accused Karrubi of spreading "  sheer lies . " Still , on Monday the special parliamentary committee agreed to review Karrubi 's evidence and meet with four individuals who say they were tortured and raped while in prison , according to the Web site of Karrubi 's Etemad-e Melli  National Trust  party . "  But if we determine that these were purely fabricated allegations in order to serve against the benefit of the system , we will also subject the perpetrators of such lies to prosecution , " said Kazem Jalili , the head of the committee , according to the Web site . Such threats are n't new for Karrubi . Last week , the governor of Tehran province demanded legal action against Karrubi for making the rape allegations . "  If such a person has made such accusations that have infuriated the people and it is shown that he can not prove them , then legal steps must be taken with regards to this person , " said Gov. Morteza Tamaddon , according to the Iran Labor News Agency . Ayatollah Hossein Taeeb , commander of the Basij militia , which attacked protesters during the unrest that followed the election , has allegedly called for Karrubi to be flogged 80 times . CNN could not independently confirm Taeeb 's remark , which was posted on the Web site of the reformist Etemad-e Melli newspaper . That newspaper , which is aligned with Karrubi , was shut down by Iranian authorities on August 16 for publishing "  unlawful and criminal material , " state-run media reported , though details about the materials in question were not revealed .	Opposition leader Mehdi Karrubi claims post-election detainees have been abused Karrubi went public with account from a detainee who says he was raped in prison Government denies Karrubi 's rape allegations , dismissing them as lies Many Iranians protested President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's June election win
CNN  -- Voters in military-run Myanmar head to the polls Sunday for the first time in two decades . The West has denounced the vote -- the military junta will maintain a plurality of seats in the parliament while the remainder are contested by candidates from dozens of parties , including one formed by the military-backed former prime minister . China 's chess match with Myanmar Additionally , Aung San Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy , which won a landslide victory in 1990 but was not allowed to take power when the military nullified the vote , is boycotting the vote . It was disbanded by the junta earlier this year when its insistence on keeping Suu Kyi on its rolls barred it from registering for the election . Suu Kyi , a Nobel Peace Prize laureate who has spent most of the last 20 years under house arrest or in prison , says she will not vote . Here 's a preview of Sunday 's vote . How many will vote ? There are about 29 million eligible voters and more than 40,000 voting stations in the country . The population is about 58 million . What are they voting for ? This is the first election since 1990 , when the National League for Democracy won a landslide -- a victory that was never acknowledged by the army . After years of stalling , now Myanmar 's military regime is holding an election , which many analysts say is nothing more than a sham to legitimize its rule . Voters will elect representatives to two houses of parliament  instead of one as before  and there will be 14 state/regional assemblies . The lower house , the People 's Assembly , will have 440 seats and the upper house , the Nationalities Assembly , will have 224 . There are about 900 seats in the 14 state or regional assemblies . However , with 25 percent of the seats in each of these assemblies is reserved for the military , the seats up for grabs are reduced to 330 , 168 and 665 respectively . Each voter will be casting a vote for each of these three assemblies . What about Aung San Suu Kyi ? The icon of the democracy movement remains under house arrest , her 15th year of detention . Her latest detainment was imposed after American John Yettaw swam the lake next to her house in May 2009 and spent two days in her compound , saying afterwards he was delivering a message from God . Can Suu Kyi run in the election ? Conveniently for the junta , the election law specifies that a convict can not be a member of a political party , and so Suu Kyi can not stand for election . The NLD refused to expel her in exchange for being able to register as a party in the election , hence they are now boycotting the process . However , some of their members have split and formed a new party , National Democratic Front  NDF  , which will take part in the election . What will happen to NLD and its members ? It is now an illegal party since members did n't register it as a party . They have been unclear about their next move , saying they will have to become a "  social movement . " Which party does the junta favor ? The youth wing of the army , the Union Solidarity Defence Association  USDA  , has transformed itself into the Union Solidarity Defence Party  USDP  , a political party , which is expected to run uncontested in many areas . Cyclone exposed secrets but junta keeps power Why did Thein Sein , the prime minister , and some other ministers have to resign ? He has resigned to lead USDP . Its predecessor , the USDA , had at least 26 million members , and USDP has at least 16 million party members . What are the other main parties ? The National Union Party  NUP  is the party of the former military strong man Ne Win . The NUP was beaten in the 1990 election by Suu Kyi 's NLD , but the army ignored the result . Some analysts speculate that a high vote for the NUP could be interpreted as a protest vote against the current regime . The National Democratic Front is a splinter group of former NLD members who think it 's better to participate in this election as a first step towards full democracy . A total of 37 parties are taking part in the election . What was the SPDC and what happens to it ? The State Peace and Development Council was the official name of the junta . Officially , it will disappear as the new government is formed , but critics say the same officers will remain in power and , crucially , Senior Gen. Than Shwe is expected to remain commander in chief of the army . How much does it cost to participate ? Each candidate has to pay a US$ 500 fee for running in the election -- and the fee has been criticized as an obstacle to many who would otherwise stand for election . So if it 's a sham , does that mean nothing will change ? Some analysts say that although the vote is rigged , the paradigm is changing . With regional assemblies , ethnic groups may gain power and effect change on the ground . A president , not a general , will be head of state , and another set of elections will be held in five years , when perhaps democracy may have a better chance .	The election Sunday is the first in Myanmar in 20 years Nobel Peace Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi can not run for office Her party , the National League for Democracy , has been disbanded
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The paparazzi pursuit of Justin Bieber along Los Angeles freeways is a "  tragedy waiting to happen , " a Los Angeles city councilman warned . Dennis Zine , who has sponsored tougher punishment for photographers who break the law while stalking celebrities , witnessed an example Friday of why the practice is so dangerous . "  I expected to see a crash , " said Zine , a 33-year veteran of the Los Angeles Police Department and still a reserve officer . "  The danger is of someone getting killed . " Bieber 's Fisker Karma -- a $ 100,000 electric sports car -- looked like a silver bullet as it zoomed past Zine at 100 mph on U.S. 101 Friday morning , he said . "  He was coming up behind me , making abrupt lane changes , not giving signals , cutting off cars . " Four or five other cars followed close behind , apparently carrying photographers stalking Bieber , he said . "  They were close by , at a rapid speed , all of them . " DA considers battery charge against Justin Bieber "  It 's like a miracle that nothing happened , " Zine said . "  It was mere luck that no one got involved in a collision . " The high-speed chase , which Zine estimated went for 15 miles , ended when a California Highway Patrol officer , alerted by Zine 's call , stopped Bieber and cited him for speeding . Not only were the photographers not ticketed , but the officer allowed them to snap photos as Bieber was cited . "  He let all the paparazzi just around my vehicle while he was doing the whole citation , " Bieber said in his own 911 call a few minutes later . Bieber , sounding frustrated , called 911 for help after he resumed his drive toward downtown Los Angeles , complaining that the same cars were chasing him again . The highway patrol wo n't release the recording of Bieber 's call until its investigation of the paparazzi 's pursuit is concluded , Officer Mike Harris said . But a copy was leaked to radio host DJ Laz , who aired it on his syndicated morning show Monday . "  They 're being very dangerous , swerving around other cars trying to get to me , " Bieber told the dispatcher . "  And when I get to a stop they pull up next to me and just be , like , just harass me . " But unlike earlier , Bieber said he was just driving 50 mph . "  They 're driving really reckless , " he told the dispatcher . "  They just will not stop following me . " Zine , who heard the call , criticized Bieber for initially giving the dispatcher a fake name , Justin Johnson , and "  hem-hawing " without explaining he was a celebrity being chased by photographers . "  When you give information to a dispatcher , you want to be accurate . " But the dispatcher soon realized she was talking to Bieber , who she knew had been stopped minutes earlier . "  I was trying to go fast so that I could lose these people and I got pulled over . And then the police told me if they kept following me to call again , " Bieber told her . Justin Bieber 's ` Believe ' year 's biggest debut When she asked him if he wanted a highway patrol unit to intervene and stop the cars from following him , he said , "  I would love that . " When a patrol car caught up with Bieber in downtown Los Angeles 15 minutes later , he filed a complaint which prompted a police investigation to see if any photographers will be charged with breaking California 's paparazzi law , Harris said . A conviction under the law passed two years ago , and pushed by Zine , could bring up to a year in prison and a $ 5,000 fine for each count of breaking traffic laws while pursuing a celebrity . Avoiding tragedy is up to the celebrity , since "  he 's not going to get a police escort everywhere he goes , " Zine said . In Bieber 's case , his choice of a very visible , exotic sports car is not recommended , he said . "  You 're waving the big flag that says ` Here I am , ' " Zine said . "  Put that car in the garage for a while and get something that 's not as recognizable . " Bieber officially graduates Most celebrities realize this and drive less conspicuous vehicles , he said . Zine , who served much of his law enforcement career as a motorcycle officer , suggested that whenever Bieber or other celebs are pursued by paparazzi they should "  slow down , get off the freeway and call 911 . " "  The faster you go , the faster they 're going to go , " he said . No lives should be placed at risk , he said . "  It 's not like they were trying to mug him , trying to kill him . They 're trying to take a picture , " Zine said . Zine compared Friday 's scene to the paparazzi chase in Paris that ended with the crash that killed Britain 's Princess Diana 15 years ago . "  This is a tragedy waiting to happen , " he said "  It will happen unless he is somehow restricted in his driving habits . " Bieber sells out U.S. tour in one hour	Los Angeles councilman Dennis Zine calls 911 to report Justin Bieber speeding "  I expected to see a crash , " Zine says "  I was trying to go fast so that I could lose these people , " Bieber tells a dispatcher Police are investigating photographers Bieber says were chasing him on a freeway
CNN  -- Shezanne Cassim , an American who was jailed in the United Arab Emirates after posting a video that parodied Dubai teens , returned to the United States on Thursday and sharply criticized the authorities who imprisoned him . "  I did nothing wrong , " Cassim said in Minneapolis . "  There was nothing illegal about the video , even under UAE law . I was tried in a textbook kangaroo court , and I was convicted without any evidence . " For months , Cassim said , he and others apprehended in the case did n't know why they were behind bars . "  We had no idea of what our crime was . We had no idea how long we 'd be in prison for . We were n't actually told what our crime was until five months later , after we were taken in , " he said . "  Even then , we heard rumors of the charges , and they kept on changing . " In December , Cassim was sentenced to a year in prison and a fine of about $ 2,700 . The charges were not read in court , but the country 's main English-language newspaper reported that Cassim was accused of defaming the UAE 's image abroad . UAE officials would say only that Cassim "  was charged under the UAE 's penal code " and was "  entitled to the fair trial protections contained in the UAE 's constitution . " Cassim said the reason behind his detention was clear . "  Due to the political situation there , they 're scared of democracy . They wanted to send a message to the UAE public , saying , ` Look what we 'll do to people who do just a silly YouTube video , so imagine if you do something that 's actually critical of the government . ' It 's a warning message , and we 're scapegoats , " he said . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Tuesday that after getting credit against his one-year sentence for time served and "  for good behavior , " Cassim was moved to a deportation facility for processing . According to his family , Cassim , of Woodbury , Minnesota , ended up serving nine months in prison -- more than half of those before being charged -- before his recent move to a deportation facility . He had moved to Dubai in 2006 , after graduating from college , to work for PricewaterhouseCoopers . His family says the 29-year-old was arrested in April after uploading a 19-minute video that pokes fun at a clique of Dubai teens influenced by hip-hop culture . In the 1990s , the label "  Satwa G " was given to a group of suburban teens who were known to talk tougher than they really were . Cassim 's video depicts a "  combat school " in the Dubai district of Satwa , where these "  gangsters " are trained . The training includes how to throw sandals at targets , use clothing accessories as whips and call on the phone for backup . Shervon Cassim said his brother made the video "  just for fun . "	NEW : Shezanne Cassim has returned to the United States NEW : He says he was n't told about charges or sentence He was arrested after posting a video making fun of Dubai teens
PEOPLE.com  -- Even as he was enjoying his 20th month of remission from Hodgkin 's lymphoma , Ethan Zohn worried about a relapse . "  I do n't want fear or cancer to define me , but it 's always in the back of your mind , " the former "  Survivor " winner tells PEOPLE in a new interview . His fears were confirmed on Sept. 14 , when doctors told him the cancer had returned in his chest . "  It 's localized in my lung area , " Zohn , 37 , says . "  But it 's good that it 's not all over my body . " His girlfriend of eight years , Jenna Morasca , 30 , was by his side when Zohn got the news . "  She 's taking it like the rock star that she is , " he says of Morasca , who also won Survivor . "  We 're both filled with fear and anger and anxiety and gratitude and frustration . But there 's so much love there . It 's this whole spectrum of emotions . " On October 18 , Zohn began a new "  smart " form of chemotherapy , SGN-35 , that only targets the cancerous cells , which means , he says , "  I wo n't lose my hair again . " After 12 weeks of treatment , Zohn hopes to undergo another stem-cell transplant -- this time from one of his brothers , who is a likely match . "  But the doctors wo n't tell me which one . They did n't want me to start treating one differently than the other , " Zohn says . "  Of course my whole family is taking bets on who it is . " Although Zohn 's life has turned upside down once again , he still plans to run in the New York City Marathon on Nov. 6 to raise money for his Grassroot Soccer organization , which promotes HIV/AIDS education and prevention . "  The doctors think I 'm crazy but they gave me the okay , " he says . "  Cancer is n't going to slow me down . I want people to know that you can still live a fulfilled life and move forward . " See the full story at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I do n't want fear or cancer to define me , " Zohn said "  It 's localized in my lung area , " Zohn , 37 , says . Zohn hopes to undergo another stem-cell transplant
CNN  -- Verified Identity Pass Inc. 's Clear security system -- the program that expedited airport security line waits for paying customers -- ended operation Monday night because the company could n't reach a consensus with its senior creditors , according to its Web site . Clear promised to help passengers avoid security lines like this one at San Francisco International Airport . The New York-based company founded by entrepreneur Stephen Brill targeted business flyers , promising passengers that they would whisk through tedious airport security lanes more rapidly by being placed in private lines . Verified Identity Pass officials could n't be reached for comment . Clear 's fast-lane program began at Orlando  Florida  International Airport in 2005 . By the time the company shut down , it was operating in more than 18 locations , including major airports in Atlanta , Georgia ; Denver , Colorado ; San Francisco , California ; and Washington . USA Today reported that the company had about 250,000 members . With nearly 700 million passengers traveling domestically in 2006 , Clear company officials touted their program as a way to help avoid bottlenecks and , in some instances , reduce the wait time in security lines to as little as five minutes . Passengers using the Clear program doled out more than $ 200 a year . After announcing the shutdown , the company released no information on whether customers would receive refunds . John Harrington , a freelance photographer in Washington , renewed his Clear membership for the next two years about a month ago . He said he was disappointed to receive an e-mail from Clear officials saying the program had been terminated . Harrington relied on the quicker lanes when he traveled for assignments out of Reagan National Airport and Washington Dulles International Airport . "  With Clear , I could get into my gate in less than 15 to 20 minutes , " said Harrington , who is flying to San Francisco next week and will now have to arrive at the airport an hour earlier . "  Try that with regular airport security . It 's going to cost me time . " The Clear program required applicants like Harrington to provide information such as a Social Security number and previous address for a background check . The applicant 's fingerprints and iris were scanned . The information was placed into a credit-card-size pass and for scanning at an airport Clear booth . After checking in at the Clear booth , customers were shuttled into a separate line overseen by the Transportation Security Administration . In some airports , Clear members were taken to security lanes reserved for them . In other airports , they used employee security lanes . Clear members went through the same security procedures ; they had to take off their shoes and take out laptops . Clear arrived at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport , the busiest airport in the United States , last fall , officials said . At the same time , the airport added 12 security lanes , cutting the average security wait time to 10 minutes , airport spokeswoman Katena Carvajales said . "  Clear shutting down is not impacting our passengers at this airport , " Carvajales said , adding that customer service officials are stationed near the Clear booths to instruct members on where to go . Some critics argued that the Clear lines were no faster than regular security lines . The Air Transport Association , the industry representing the major U.S. airlines , said the program did n't enhance security . Spokesman David A. Castelveter said airlines already offered frequent travelers and elite members separate lines with no charge . In 2008 , the TSA also began expanding its free Black Diamond Self-Select Lanes program to Logan International Airport in Boston , Massachusetts , Orlando and Spokane  Washington  International Airport . The program features a series of lanes broken down into categories for expert business travelers who fly frequently , casual travelers who do n't fly as often , and skiers or families with strollers who need special assistance . The program has helped decrease wait times at pilot locations in Denver and Salt Lake City , Utah , according to a TSA statement . "  Clear was a personal decision by travelers , " Castelveter said . "  If they could afford it , then they could buy it , but it did n't offer anything that was n't already there . " Seven years ago , Congress approved the creation of a speedier airport clearance system that would make the skies safer after September 11 rattled the travel industry . Government officials wanted to vet passengers and put those with a clean history into a separate , quicker line . But government officials worried that potential terrorists could sneak onto the approved list . The government program was handed off to private companies , like Verified Identity Pass , that saw the convenience factor as something they could sell .	Clear security system allowed passengers to use different security lines Clear was operating in 18 airports and served 250,000 passengers Air Transport Association said the program offered few benefits to travelers "  It 's going to cost me time , " says one traveler who relied on the Clear program
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Sportsmen and women being caught taking drugs is not a new phenomenon -- but it 's still a shock when the news breaks . Romania 's Adrian Mutu was sacked by Chelsea and banned from the game for testing positive for cocaine . Only recently Michael Phelps , who shattered Olympic records by claiming eight golds in the pool in Beijing last year , was caught on camera with a marijuana pipe to his mouth . The American is far from alone . The history of sport is peppered with drug use , usually of the performance-enhancing kind : athletics has been blighted by it , cycling has lost much of its credibility because of it and baseball has proven to be far from immune . But football , the world 's most popular game in terms of fan following and participation , does not seem to have had its share of drugs scandals , not least in the world 's most high profile division , the English Premier League . No top-flight player in English football has ever tested positive for using performance-enhancing drugs in a league match . The closest anyone has come is Middlesbrough FC defender Abel Xavier , who was banned from football by UEFA for 18 months in 2005 when he tested positive for the steroid dianabol after a UEFA Cup match . The English Football Association  FA  takes its lead on doping from UK Sport , the body which regulates drug testing in the UK based on the code set out by the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  . Let us know your views of drugs and drug testing in football . UK Sport 's Russell Langley does not believe more tests would necessarily return more positive results . "  It 's a difficult question to answer , " he said . "  The stats show what they show . But it 's fair to say if doping was going on at that level we would have unearthed it . "  Our focus at UK Sport is not on more and more testing -- we do n't think that 's going to answer the question about whether there 's more doping out there . "  What we want to do is make every test we do as effective as possible . If there are people out there doping we 've got to have the right level of intelligence and information to target them . "  Testing at no notice and out of competition is where we think we 've got the best chance of being able to catch any sportsmen taking drugs , " he added . English footballers can be tested after matches  in competition  and at training sessions  out of competition  . Until a few years ago , a tester was forbidden from turning up at a footballer 's house unannounced  no notice  . But the FA has altered its stance as part of its claim that it "  maintains the largest and most comprehensive out-of-competition testing program in international football . " They conduct 1,600 random , no-notice drug tests per season , which the World Anti-Doping Code and the UNESCO International Convention Against Doping on Sport state is the most effective method of combating the use of drugs in sport . But those 1,600 tests are conducted on professional players , non-league football , women 's football and youth team football . It means the chances are small of catching any Premier League star who may be using drugs . Down the years , Italy 's Serie A has seen the most cases of players getting caught with either performance-enhancing or recreational drugs in their system . One reason for this is the Italian authorities ' no-nonsense stance : two players from each squad are drawn at random to be tested after every match . And it has worked . Household names such as Jaap Stam , Edgar Davids , Pep Guardiola , Fernando Couto , Francesco Flachi , Mohamed Kallon and Diego Maradona have all been caught in the last two decades . By way of comparison , Billy Turley , a goalkeeper in one of England 's lower leagues , was let off with warning after being found to have taken the steroid nandrolone in the 2002-03 season . It took a further positive test for cocaine for him to get a six-month ban . But on the issue of combating social drugs -- something not demanded by WADA 's code -- Langley believes the FA 's stance is to be applauded . He said : "  They invest heavily in their testing program . They recognize that a particular problem for their sport is social drugs so this separate testing goes on . They do n't have to do it . "  This carries a different set of sanctions which are controlled by the FA and the aim of that program is about rehabilitation rather than punishment . " Langley said the sanctions send out a strong message that the FA is prepared to do something about it . "  They recognize their responsibility -- football is a huge role model for youngsters , " he added . Chris Armstrong , then of Crystal Palace , became the first Premier League player to fail a drug test when he tested positive for cannabis in 1995 . He was back playing within a month following a brief spell in rehab . Chelsea 's Mark Bosnich and Adrian Mutu have both been caught with cocaine in their systems and both were banned and sacked by the club in the 2000s . The FA also wants to make sure that players understand that not taking a test is not an option either , making an example of Manchester United 's Rio Ferdinand . The center-back missed a scheduled drugs test in 2003 and was belatedly suspended for eight months and fined # 50,000 . Ferdinand could have got a bigger punishment . The FA 's guidelines state that for a first offence a minimum suspension of three months up to a maximum of two years will apply , but a lack of consistency has always dogged punishments for drug offences . No other footballer has been reported as missing a test since . The FA is far from blind to the issue of drugs in English football and since the Ferdinand incident their policies and punishments have been tightened . But as long as a player 's chances of getting caught remain comparatively small , drugs in football appears to be an issue the FA is keeping a lid on rather than eradicating .	Football has seen a number of high-profile players fail drugs tests English FA tests for both performance-enhancing and social drugs Different punishments are given depending on the offence
CNN  -- Two unmanned NASA spacecraft reached the moon 's orbit Tuesday morning and began the process of mapping its surface for future missions . An unmanned NASA spacecraft captured this image of the moon from about 5,000 miles away Tuesday . The Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter  LRO  , a satellite whose instruments will help scientists compile high resolution , three-dimensional maps of the moon 's surface , entered lunar orbit at 6:27 a.m. ET . About two hours later , the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Spacecraft  LCROSS  swung past the moon on its way into an elongated Earth orbit . The spacecraft sent streaming video back to Earth , shown on a NASA Web site , for an hour as it passed the moon . The two spacecraft lifted off June 18 atop the same Atlas V rocket . The mission is the first in NASA 's plan to return to the moon , then travel to Mars and beyond , the space agency said . During the mission , the agency will collect all sorts of data , including day-night temperature maps , NASA said . There is particular emphasis on the polar areas of the moon , where sunlight is more plentiful and where water might exist . The LCROSS is scheduled to crash land on the moon Oct. 9 to search for the presence of water ice in a permanently shadowed crater at the moon 's South Pole . The data that the LRO collects and sends to Earth also will be used in planning an eventual lunar outpost , the agency said . During its mission , the orbiter also will spend at least a year looking for potential landing sites for astronauts .	Two unmanned NASA space probes reach the moon 's orbit Tuesday morning One probe sent back live video on the Internet as it passed the moon An orbiter will collect data to help plan a possible lunar outpost
Washington  CNN  -- In an interview with congressional investigators , a former top diplomat in Libya expressed concern that more could have been done by the military on September 11-12 last year to protect those being attacked at the U.S. compound and annex in Benghazi , Libya . Specifically , Greg Hicks wondered why the military did not send a plane into Libyan airspace as a show of force , and why four U.S. Special Operations soldiers were not permitted to travel to Benghazi on a Libyan plane the morning of September 12 . The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee will hear from Hicks and others in a Wednesday hearing on the Benghazi tragedy , which ended in the deaths of four Americans -- U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , information officer Sean Smith , and former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty . The committee 's chairman , Rep. Darrell Issa , told CNN Monday that Hicks , who was the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Libya at the time of the attack , "  is going to testify that from the get-go , he knew this was a terrorist attack and communicated that to the White House , to the State Department , to anyone that would listen before , during , and after . " Issa asserted that the Obama administration 's "  talking points " afterward -- specifically the statements by the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , which did not acknowledge that it was a terrorist attack , "  had an effect on our diplomatic relations " with Libya and "  was an unnecessary error . " He said he wants to know "  who made the decision to change the talking points in a way that caused the American people to be lied to . " Issa denied that the hearing is a Republican effort to discredit a Democratic administration , and asked , "  Why are n't the Democrats just as upset that we did n't do all we could do to save American lives ? " Beyond the Benghazi attack , he said , he expects the hearing to shed light on a failing war on terror , one in which Syria is erupting , one in which Egypt is erupting , one in which Boston is the result of terrorists , of Islamic extreme groups , and I think that 's the message the American people want to hear is , tell us the truth , do what it takes to have us be protected , do n't tell us things are n't terrorist attacks when they are . " Hicks spoke to investigators on April 11 of this year , and excerpts of transcripts of the interview were obtained by CNN . "  The Libyans that I talked to , and the Libyans and other Americans who were involved in the war have told me also , that Libyan revolutionaries were very cognizant of the impact that American and NATO airpower had with respect to their victory , " Hicks said . "  They are under no illusions that American and NATO airpower won that war for them . And so , in my personal opinion , a fast mover flying over Benghazi at some point , you know , as soon as possible might very well have prevented some of the bad things that happened that night . " Hicks went on to say he believes "  if we had been able to scramble a fighter or aircraft or two over Benghazi as quickly as possible after the attack commenced " -- around 9:30 that night -- "  I believe there would not have been a mortar attack on the annex in the morning because I believe the Libyans would have split . They would have been scared to death that we would have gotten a laser on them and killed them . " The former deputy chief of mission suggested that the Libyan government would have granted the United States permission to fly the planes . "  I believe that the Libyans were hoping that we were going to come bail them out of this mess , " Hicks said . "  And , you know , they were as surprised as we were that ... the military forces that did arrive only arrived on the evening of September 12th . " Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , a member of the committee , tells CNN that "  military personnel were ready willing and able , and within proximity , but the Pentagon told them they had no authority and to stand down . " Issa added that the personnel "  may not have arrived in time to save lives , but at the time the decision was made , the decision was wrong . " In February , the Joint Chiefs chairman , Gen. Martin Dempsey , was asked by Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , why F-16s at Aviano Air Base in Italy were n't deployed to Benghazi that night . "  This is the middle of the night now , these are not aircraft on strip alert , " Dempsey said . "  They 're there as part of our commitment to NATO and Europe . And so , as we looked at the time line , it was pretty clear that it would take up to 20 hours or so to get them there . Secondly , senator , importantly , it was the wrong tool for the job . " Then-Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta testified that "  unfortunately , there was no specific intelligence or indications of an imminent attack on U.S. facilities in Benghazi . And frankly , without an adequate warning , there was not enough time given the speed of the attack for armed military assets to respond . "  That 's not just my view or General Dempsey 's view . It was the view of the Accountability Review Board that studied what happened on that day , " he added . "  This is not 9/11 , " Panetta said in a February interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  You can not just simply call and expect within two minutes to have a team in place . It takes time . That 's the nature of it . Our people are there , they 're in position to move , but we 've got to have good intelligence that gives us a heads up that something 's going to happen . " Hicks said that around 10 p.m. on the night of the first attack , he was at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli talking to State Department officials in Washington , regional security officer John Martinec at the U.S. Embassy , defense attache Lt. Col. Keith Phillips and others . Phillips was reaching out to officials with the Libyan Ministry of Defense and to the chief of staff of the Libyan Armed Forces , as well as officials with the Joint Staff and the U.S. Africa Command . Hicks recalled asking Phillips , "  Is there anything coming ? " He said Phillips replied "  that the nearest fighter planes were Aviano , that he had been told that it would take two to three hours to get them airborne , but that there were no tanker assets near enough to support a flight from Aviano . " There was one team that headed from Tripoli to Benghazi , arriving at around 1:15 a.m. , Hicks said . Phillips , Hicks recalled , "  worked assiduously all night long to try to get the Libyan military to respond in some way . " The Libyan prime minister called Hicks and told him that the U.S. ambassador had been killed , after which "  the Libyan military agreed to fly their C-130 to Benghazi and carry additional personnel to Benghazi as reinforcements . " Hicks said that four U.S. Special Forces troops in Tripoli -- led by the leader of the U.S. Special Operations Command Africa , SOCAfrica -- planned to hitch a ride on the Libyan plan to travel to Benghazi to help . "  We fully intended for those guys to go , because we had already essentially stripped ourselves of our security presence , or our security capability , to the bare minimum , " Hicks recalled . But the four were informed by someone with SOCAfrica that they did n't have the authority to go , Hicks said . "  So Lt. Col. Gibson , who is the SOCAfrica commander , his team , you know , they were on their way to the vehicles to go to the airport to get on the C-130 when he got a phone call from SOCAfrica which said , ` you ca n't go now , you do n't have authority to go now , " Hicks said . "  And so they missed the flight . " "  They were told not to board the flight , so they missed it , " Hicks said . "  I still remember Col. Gibson , he said , ' I have never been so embarrassed in my life that a State Department officer has bigger balls than somebody in the military . ' A nice compliment . " The C-130 left between 6 and 6:30 a.m. , so the four Special Forces troops would not have arrived in time to fend off the 5:15 a.m. attack on the CIA annex in Benghazi . Hicks said he recalled asking Phillips again if any military help was coming . "  The answer , again , was the same as before . It 's too far away , there are no tankers . ... There is nothing that could respond . ... "  I guess they just did n't have the right authority from the right level , " Hicks recalled . Panetta , in his February testimony defending officials ' actions , said , "  The bottom line is this , that we were not dealing with a prolonged or continuous assault , which could have been brought to an end by a U.S. military response , very simply , although we had forces deployed to the region . Time , distance , the lack of an adequate warning , events that moved very quickly on the ground prevented a more immediate response . "  Despite the uncertainty at the time , the Department of Defense and the rest of the United States government spared no effort to do everything we could to try to save American lives . Before , during and after the attack , every request the Department of Defense received we did , we accomplished . "	Former U.S. official in Libya wonders why no plane was sent during the Benghazi attacks The official , Greg Hicks , and others will testify before a House committee Wednesday Planes at a base in Italy would not have made it for hours , top officials have said Hicks ' comments come from a transcript of his interview with investigators in April
CNN Student News  -- February 15 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Iran  Algeria  Tokyo , Japan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CENTENNIAL HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS : This is for you , Carl ! CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Got ta say thanks to the students at Centennial High School in Ellicott City , Maryland for that . As a former drummer , I can tell you were right on rhythm ! I 'm Carl Azuz . Today 's commercial-free subjects include economics , social studies and health . Let 's go ahead and get started . First Up : 2012 Budget AZUZ : First up , economics , as President Obama presents his ideas for the federal government 's 2012 budget . You or your family have to make budgets , looking at how much money you earn versus how much you spend . The government does the same thing , but with a lot more zeroes . In fact , this budget request from the president , which is just for 2012 , is for $ 3.7 trillion ; more money than most of us can even imagine . The goal of a budget is to make sure you do n't spend more than you make . But that 's exactly what the U.S. government is doing right now , which is why we have what 's called a deficit . President Obama says his new budget will cut that deficit by $ 1 trillion over the next 10 years by making some pretty big cuts to a lot of government programs , and by making more money from increasing some taxes . But there are critics on both sides . Some Republicans argue that the president 's proposed cuts wo n't do nearly enough , and some Democrats say that President Obama wants to cut too much . Another important thing to keep in mind . What the president released is a budget request . He does n't actually decide on what the budget is . That 's the job of Congress , and it can choose to accept , reject or modify the president 's plan . Protests in Iran AZUZ : Going global now , with headlines of political protests in two different countries . First , Iran , where tens of thousands of people marched through the capital yesterday . They were speaking out against the Iranian government . Security forces were out on the streets too . At times , they allowed the protesters to march , but there were also reports of fighting between police and protesters . This YouTube video shows tear gas being used to break up a protest . It 's hard for CNN to verify some of the reports coming from Iran because the country makes it hard for journalists to cover these kinds of protests . And the Iranian government slowed down the internet in what seems like an attempt to limit how much information gets out . Algeria Unrest AZUZ : The other country we 're looking at where people are calling for change in their government is Algeria . This is a north African nation that 's home to nearly 35 million people . As you can see from these pictures , protesters and security forces faced off against each other this past weekend . Yesterday , Algerian officials said they 're going to lift a "  state of emergency " that Algeria has been under since 1992 . Some experts say that decision might be an attempt for Algeria to avoid uprisings like we 've seen recently in Egypt and in Tunisia . I.D. Me TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm an organic compound that works as a stimulant . I affect the body 's nervous system , as well as the heart and kidneys . I have a bitter taste , but no odor . I 'm caffeine , and having too much of me can make you anxious or irritable . Energy Drink Warning AZUZ : It 's the caffeine , plus the other stimulants in energy drinks , that can give young people health problems . This is according to new medical research on the risks of energy drinks . Caffeine , as you know , is a legal stimulant . It 's just that large amounts of it can be dangerous . One study found that almost half of all caffeine overdoses back in 2007 happened in people younger than 19 . So what are the risks ? Well , caffeine -- too much of it -- can mess up your sleep patterns . It can increase your blood pressure , which can put a strain on your heart . And if you 're on any medications , caffeine can interfere with them and cause additional problems . Symptoms of too much caffeine : nausea , dizziness , rapid heart rate and seizure . I wan na be clear we 're not talking about sports drinks , like Gatorade or Powerade . Those can actually be good for you , helping hydrate you after a big game . You can distinguish energy drinks by their ingredients . Energy drinks might include caffeine , taurine and guarana , additional stimulants that can hit different people in different ways . Responding to this report , the American Beverage Association says a lot of drinks you can get have caffeine in them , and that "  young adults getting coffee from popular coffeehouses are getting twice as much caffeine as they would from a similar size energy drink . " Giffords ' Recovery AZUZ : U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords is talking to her brother-in-law . Might not sound like a major news story , but it is a huge step for Rep. Giffords , whom you see here . She was shot in the head last month during an attack in Arizona . Family members and officials say she is making incredible progress in her recovery . Part of that is her conversations with her brother-in-law Scott Kelly , an astronaut currently on board the international space station . Giffords ' husband , Mark Kelly , is also an astronaut . He 's scheduled to go into space in April . Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Giorno 's humanities class at Girard College Lower School in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ! What country has the world 's fastest growing economy ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  China , B  Japan , C  the United States or D  Russia ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! China has the world 's fastest growing economy . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! The New # 2 Economy AZUZ : It 's because of that growth that China has made a move in terms of the world 's largest economies . China is now the second largest , behind only the U.S. . What does that mean for the former number two , Japan ? We 're checking in with Kyung Lah , who explains how a move in the economic rankings means a change in power . BEGIN VIDEO KYUNG LAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT , TOKYO : Step into Laox electronics store and you can hear the shift of economic might in Asia . Chinese greets shoppers . Sales signs are in Chinese . Workers assist shoppers in Mandarin . What 's odd : we 're in downtown Tokyo . But the people with the purchasing power here are not the Japanese . You do n't have to tell this electronics store about the economic power shift in Asia . It 's something they 've seen for quite some time . When it comes to the number of paying customers , they see about 200 Japanese a day . Compare that with the number of Chinese : 1,000 customers every single day . LIN DONG DONG , LAOX TRANSLATOR : I 'm proud of China ! LAH : ... says Lin Dong Dong , a Chinese immigrant who 's risen with the fortunes of his home country . He works for Laox as a translator but plans to become a doctor . Today , he 's helping out this Chinese tour group here in Tokyo to spend money . NOBUKAZU IINO , LAOX STORE MANAGER -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  Japan was once like China , " says Laox 's store manager , referring to Japan 's economic surge in the 1980s . "  It 's China 's turn now . " LAH : China has blazed ahead , expanding its manufacturing sector and domestic infrastructure . At this pace , Japan 's government estimates China will overtake the U.S. economy in just 15 years . Japan , meanwhile , has been stuck in two decades of stagnation and deflation amid indecisive economic policymaking . It now faces a demographic tsunami : the world 's fastest aging population , one of the lowest birthrates , and a debt-to-GDP ratio that 's highest among developed nations . That may be a snapshot of economic might , but economists warn it 's not so black and white . KIRBY DALEY , SR. . STRATEGIST , NEWEDGE : Japan 's demographic tsunami , as it was termed , is very real and is going to stunt growth in that country for years to come . They need to get that situation under control . But China also has a demographic tsunami of its own , to re-use that term , coming as well . UNIDENTIFIED CHINESE MALE -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  I know we became the world 's number two economy , " says this Chinese shopper . "  But we still have very poor people and there 's a gap between rich and poor . I hope China as a whole becomes a wealthy country like Japan . " KEIICHI YAMAMOTO , TOKYO RESIDENT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  I envy China 's hungry spirit , " says Keiichi Yamamoto , who says what 's missing most in Japan is passion and drive . "  But I believe Japan still has potential . It 'll come back again . " LAH : Two Asian powers adjusting to a new economic world order . Kyung Lah , CNN , Tokyo . END VIDEO Free Downloadable Maps AZUZ : Japan , Algeria , Iran . You know where you can find all of them ? CNNStudentNews.com ! You scroll all the way down our page , and you 'll discover our downloadable maps . These free resources help you pinpoint locations in the headlines . You can always track them down at CNNStudentNews.com . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , it 's time to walk the dog . But this little lady does n't need to go far . She just hops on a treadmill , cranks it up to two-and-a-half miles per hour , and she 's on her way . The terrier and her 86-year-old workout partner hit the gym twice a day . It 's nice that they exercise together . But if this gym rat wants to put on some serious muscle and all she does is walk on the treadmill ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... I do n't think she 's going to get anywhere . But I bet I know her favorite feature on the machine is the paws button . Man , I tried . That tail end brings us to the end of today 's show . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . Bye .	Examine President Obama 's proposed 2012 budget and the reactions to it Consider the results of a study about caffeine in some energy drinks Find out how Japan is affected by China 's growing economic strength Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Ninety-one people were taken to a hospital Tuesday evening after an American Airlines plane overran a runway near Kingston , Jamaica , during bad weather and crashed into a fence , officials said . None of the injuries were critical , officials said . Flight 331 from Miami , Florida , was carrying 148 passengers plus six crew members when it landed in Kingston , according to a statement from the airline . The incident took place around 10:20 p.m. , Omar Lawrence , operations coordinator at Norman Manley International Airport in Kingston . Send your images and video of plane incident to CNN iReport . Tim Smith , an American Airlines spokesman , denied reports that the Boeing 737 broke into pieces but did say that there was damage to the fuselage , some cracks and the landing gear on one side of the plane collapsed . "  The care of our passengers and crew members is our highest priority , and we will offer all the assistance necessary , " said Gerard Arpey , the airline 's chairman and chief executive officer . Jamaican Information Minister Daryl Vaz said most of the 91 injured passengers had been released from hospitals . Four passengers may have to stay overnight at the hospital , Vaz said . "  The majority of injuries are broken bones and of course cuts and bruises and badly shaken up , " Vaz said . The flight originated from Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in the Washington , D.C. , area before landing in Miami and then heading to Jamaica , the airline said . A Radio Jamaica reporter , Kirk Abraham , said it had been raining in the area when the plane failed to stop and ran into the fence past the end of the runway . CNN 's Joyce Joseph and Jackie Damico contributed to this report .	NEW : Information minister : Most of those injured have been released from hospital Ninety-one people were taken to a hospital , no critical injuries Airline : Damage to fuselage , landing gear on one side of the plane collapsed Jetliner from Miami was carrying 145 passengers , seven crew members
Washington  CNN  -- It used to be said that if the American economy sneezed , Latin America and the Caribbean would catch a cold . Not so anymore . Despite the great recession of 2008 , the region has kept growing and avoided , largely unscathed , the troubles that still ail the United States . The 20 nations that informally make up Latin America boast a booming economy with a combined GDP of more than $ 6 trillion , according to 2010 estimates by the International Monetary Fund . Latin America and the Caribbean , with a population of over 591 million people in 2011 , are a potent market in a region where the U.S. already has free trade agreements with Mexico , Chile , Peru , Colombia and Panama . But with 2,000 miles of a common border between the U.S. and Mexico  its third-largest trading partner after Canada and China  , a complicated communist presence still in Cuba , simmering anti-American sentiments in Venezuela , and Brazil -- the largest economy in Latin America and the U.S. 's eighth-largest trading partner -- already a formidable economic powerhouse , the region is anything but a stable , sedate space in the Western Hemisphere . As the U.S. is actively engaged in a deadly drug war in Mexico , Colombia and most of Central America and the Caribbean , and an arms deal gone bad is threatening to consume a sitting U.S. attorney general , the region could easily be seen as a very real security threat for the next occupant of the White House . So will Latin America be one of the issues that the eight major Republican candidates confront during Tuesday 's CNN National Security Debate in Washington ? You might not think so . A Google search of news stories on "  national security " and "  foreign policy " resulted in articles related to Syria , the Middle East , terrorism and who is advising the Republican candidates . Latin America or the Caribbean do n't show up on the first 10 screens . Still , candidates ignore the region at their peril . New president in Guatemala Hugo Chvez , the ailing president of Venezuela , has in the past reached out to Russia , Iran and Syria for arms support and strategic alliances . In Cuba , Ral Castro , who took over as president of the country from his older brother Fidel in 2008 , is only now starting to loosen restrictions on property ownership and instituting other reforms on the socialist island just 90 miles south of Florida . A fence along the border And then there 's immigration . In recent debates , it has been considered more of a domestic issue , with proposals from the major candidates for a single fence , a double fence , an electrified fence and other fence variants along the border with Mexico . Herman Cain , who had been surging in polls but is starting to slip , said that he supported a fence along the Mexican border . "  When I 'm in charge of the fence , we going to have a fence . It 's going to be 20 feet high . It 's going to have barbed wire on the top . It 's going to be electrocuted , electrified , " Cain told a rally in Tennessee . "  And there 's going to be a sign on the other side that says it will kill you . " He apologized for the comment , saying "  it was just a joke , " but a day later said he still supported some sort of electrified fence that could kill people trying to cross the border illegally . Rep. Michelle Bachmann , who was popular early in the GOP race but has since fallen back to single digits in some polls , said she supports a two-part fence . "  I was the very first candidate that signed a pledge that said that , by a date certain , I will build a double-walled fence with -- with an area of security neutrality in between . " Most GOP candidates have opposed most proposals for immigration reform until the border is "  sealed , " although the Obama administration states that border security is tighter that it has ever been . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement reported last month that the Obama administration deported nearly 400,000 illegal immigrants in the last year , a record number for the third straight year . Staying out of their business If Latin America and the Caribbean do come up in the discussions Tuesday , Rep. Ron Paul probably will be applauded by the region for his proposal not to meddle in other countries ' affairs . He may not get the same applause in Latin America , however , for an idea -- shared by his some of his rivals -- to eliminate much of U.S. foreign aid to the region , which worldwide accounts for less than 1 % of the federal budget . Gov. Mitt Romney presented a formal proposal for Latin America focusing on trade and singling out Venezuela and Cuba . Cain says he will follow guidance from Cubans in South Florida on what to do about Cuba and the embargo . Romney : I wo n't let Iran get nukes Meanwhile , Gov. Rick Perry would send U.S. troops to help fight the war on drugs in Mexico , although that country most likely would n't accept them . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who appears to be the most informed of the candidates on the region by far , says he 's learning Spanish and follows issues beyond the standard talking points on Cuba , Venezuela , Argentina and Brazil . The current crop of Republican candidates would be wise to pay attention to the looming security presence posed by Latin America , whether it is drugs in Mexico , cartels in Colombia , Castros in Cuba , or a Chvez in Venezuela .	Latin America has a booming economy with more than $ 6 trillion in GDP Deadly drug war in Mexico and Colombia , tensions in Venezuela make region a concern Several GOP presidential candidates have weighed in on the volatile region
CNN  -- Luxembourg 's Andy Schleck dramatically revived his Tour de France hopes with a stunning victory on an epic 18th stage which finished at the summit of the imposing Col du Galibier . At 2,645 meters , it was the highest-ever stage finish on the Tour , and Leopard Trek 's Schleck certainly hit the heights with a brave solo victory . He broke clear of a group of favorites on the Col d'lzoard with 60km remaining , reeling in the fragmented remains of a breakaway , before crossing the line alone over two minutes clear of his chasers . Schleck , written off after muted performances in the Pyrenees and the first stage in the Alps , said he had decided to take his courage in his hands . "  I do n't want to finish fourth in Paris , and I said to myself ` I 'm going to risk everything , it 'll work or it 'll fail ' , " he told Eurosport . "  That 's the way I am , I 'm not afraid of losing . And if my legs were hurting out in front I knew the others would be hurting to catch me up . " But he failed by 15 seconds to take the yellow off the shoulders of French hope Thomas Voeckler , who again performed heroics to take fifth on a stage which effectively marked the end of Alberto Contador 's chances of retaining his crown . The three-time winner from Spain struggled on the upper slopes of the Galibier and now trails Voeckler by four minutes 44 seconds in seventh place . To complete a superb day for the Schlecks , Andy 's brother Frank took second on the stage to move up to third overall , one minute eight seconds down . He gained precious time on Australia 's Cadel Evans , who slipped to fourth at one minute 12 seconds . Friday 's 19th stage , the third in the Alps , could well hold the key to the eventual winner with the finish on the famous Alpe d'Huez after another climb on the Galibier . Both the Schlecks will be looking to pick up further time on Evans , who is a stronger time trialist , ahead of Saturday 's individual test against the clock over 42.5 km in Grenoble .	Andy Schleck wins 18th stage of the Tour de France on Col du Galibier Schleck closes to within 15 seconds of race leader Thomas Voeckler of France Andy 's brother takes second on the stage to improve to third overall Defending champion Alberto Contador loses time on the final climb
EW.com  -- When Fox announced its new reality series , "  I Wan na Marry ` Harry , ' " many viewers flashed back to 2003 and the days of "  Joe Millionaire " -- a.k.a. the first time women were fooled into fighting for a man 's heart on TV , only to find out he was n't who he said he was . But other than the whole Prince Charming angle , is there much of a difference between Joe and "  Harry " ? People asked "  Joe Millionaire " winner Zora Sabrina  formerly known as Zora Andrich  to chime in . As she put it , "  Just when I thought they 've covered every reality show idea ... Fox is at it again ! I suppose it has been a decade , so in all fairness , a good deceptive reality show was due . " EW : Bad heir day - ' I Wan na Marry Harry ' a royal ratings bomb Despite the "  feelings of uncertainty and insecurity " she claimed she felt while watching the new show , Sabrina still had some thoughts on the contestants . "  At first glance , I like Kimberly , " she wrote . "  She said something along the lines of how she does n't care to be with a prince , just someone who cares for her and treats her well and she seems genuine . Matt a.k.a. Harry comes across as sincere , earnest and naturally uncertain of how , if at all , he can successfully pull off this hoax . And , the masquerade ball premiere could n't be more apropos : Let the mystery and deception begin ! " As far as the other women were concerned , here 's what Sabrina had to say : "  Fox has equally selected a fun mix of 12 personalities : Overly confident , overly guileless and overly trusting . Goodness , where do they find these women  sympathetic smile  ? " EW : ' I Wan na Marry Harry ' - Why the idea of a royal ` Bachelor ' makes total sense That said , the ex-reality star admits , she personally "  never felt bothered " by "  Joe Millionaire 's " premise . "  I was more caught off guard after seeing the first preview and learning the -LSB- show 's -RSB- working title , The Big Choice , was changed to Joe Millionaire , " she explained . "  I felt like there was a lot more judgment directed at participants who would partake in a show with ` millionaire ' in the title . " So , will these girls really believe they 're dating a prince ? "  It certainly feels a little far fetched , but I 'm sure some of the contestants will fall for the misrepresentation , " said Sabrina . "  Others will likely know or at the very least , suspect , they are not dating the real Harry . " One can only hope , right ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Zora Sabrina says the show ideas was due She had "  feelings of uncertainty and insecurity " watching the show Sabrina says she was n't bothered by her show 's premise
CNN  -- The onlookers yell out at police and talk passionately with each other , their anger mixed with disbelief . At one point , a siren breaks through the murmurs and the shouts . In front of them is a young black man , his body prone and alone on the pavement . It 's all in a video , captured Saturday and posted to Facebook a day later , that shows the tense , chilling scene on an otherwise placid summer day in Ferguson , Missouri . It 's broad daylight ; the grass is green ; the trees are in full bloom . One woman heard on the video recalls having been in the shower when she heard pops . Could it have been fireworks ? "  Not this time of the day , " says a male voice , apparently from the person who shot the video on a cell phone . "  There ai n't no fireworks this early . " Those lined up outside the yellow police tape waste no time discussing , often in expletive-laden terms , what happened . And the video dutifully records it all . It 's not clear who saw what or what exactly transpired . Regardless , a clear consensus emerges among those heard on the recording : The young man in the street -- later ID 'd as Michael Brown , an 18-year-old days away from starting classes at a technical college -- was shot dead by a Ferguson police officer . Authorities would later claim Brown attacked the officer in his car and tried to take his gun . But in the minutes after the shooting , the irate crowd on the Ferguson street comes to a different consensus , summed up by the video 's narrator : "  They just killed this  man  for no reason . " As Brown 's body lay prone -- for minutes with no one , not even a police officer , in the camera 's sight -- onlookers quickly establish one key fact amongst themselves : He was n't armed . "  There is nothing ! " a woman yells out on the video . "  Do you see a gun ? Do you see a knife ? Do you see anything that would have caused a threat to these  expletive  police officers ? " "  They shot that boy because they wanted to shoot that boy . " If the moments leading up to Brown 's shooting were frenetic , the moments afterward -- at least right around his body -- are eerily calm as captured on the continuing video . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting For minutes , there is nothing and no one around his body . Just a young man with a white shirt flat on the street , all alone . A police officer walks by two minutes into the video , and a minute later a man in a black shirt -- who witnesses identify as a family member -- approaches . But he 's quickly guided away by officers . A short time later , a uniformed man -- perhaps a paramedic -- appears to check on Brown . Multiple officers eventually flank his body . One particularly angry , loud woman cries out : "  Where 's the ambulance ? Why does n't somebody help this man ? Why is n't somebody helping him ? " To which a man responds , more quietly , to no one in particular : "  They know he 's dead , because they are not even trying to get him up . " Everything about Brown is plain to see . Until 10 minutes in , when a police officer comes up to lay a small white sheet over his body . As the video ends , it is only the beginning in Ferguson . Complete coverage on the Ferguson shooting CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	A video shows onlookers outside police tape after Michael Brown is shot dead His body lays prone on the ground , largely alone , until a white sheet is put on it Crowd sees he 's unarmed ; many conclude the teen was shot "  for no ... reason "
The videotaped , apparent beheading of a fourth Westerner by ISIS holds strong similarities to the prior three . In all four videos , the victims are kneeling in orange clothing on the sand and a black-clad man with a British accent speaks to Western leaders . But the taped killing of British aid worker Alan Henning differs in some ways , most notably in being much shorter , at one minute and 11 seconds . Henning speaks very briefly , for 10 seconds , and appears less composed than at least two of the others . The camera has only one angle throughout , whereas there were multiple angles in the videotaped killings of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff . Foley 's video ran five minutes and Sotloff 's two minutes and 47 seconds . The latest tape , released Friday , opens with a short news clip on the British Parliament approving military strikes against ISIS from the Russian news agency Russia Today . Then the recording goes to a slate that reads "  Another Message to America and its Allies . " Henning speaks , apparently forced to read a script as the other three victims had . British hostage of ISIS was helping displaced Syrians , aid group says A masked man dressed in black standing over Henning makes a reference to the third Westerner beheaded by ISIS , British aid worker David Haines . The killer says his message is for British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  The blood of David Haines was on your hands , Cameron . Alan Henning will also be slaughtered , but his blood is on the hands of the British Parliament , " the knife-wielding killer says . In all four videos , the man wears black garb covering everything almost but his eyes . He wears a leather strap with a pistol and waves a knife in his left hand . He speaks with a British accent . "  It sounds , and he looks very much , like the same executioner that we 've seen in the two previous killings , " CNN 's Nic Robertson said in an interview when ISIS released the video of the third beheading . "  That accent there is unmistakably British . " However , since the mask covers the man 's mouth , it can not be confirmed he 's the one speaking . It 's also not certain the man actually kills the hostages because the video goes to black before the beheading occurs . Last week , FBI Director James Comey said the United States believes it has identified the ISIS militant in the video showing Foley 's killing . Comey did not publicly identify the man but FBI officials said they believe the same militant speaks in the videos showing Foley , Sotloff and Haines . Who is ISIS ? Statement from family of David Haines	The four ISIS videos have several similar elements In all , a black clad man with a British accent addresses Western leaders The Alan Henning video has a few differences It 's not as long as the other videos and Henning speaks less
CNN  -- Does the future of transportation really mean the end of driving ? At the inaugural FutureCast event many of Silicon Valley 's most innovative entrepreneurs and thinkers believed it could be . Yes , they said , these intelligent cars are for real and the future has arrived in the shape of collision-proof , driverless automobiles . "  Seven U.S. states have legalized driverless vehicles now , " said David Frigstad , Chairman of consultancy Frost & Sullivan . "  The technology works today . We are n't talking about a flying car . We are talking about a car that works today . " The self-driving car will making the whole driving experience much more pleasurable , predicted Brad Templeton , the former chairman of the Electronic Frontier Foundation who has worked extensively with Google on their self-driving car . "  The inside of the car is going to change a lot , " he explained . "  Right now , cars are sold by acceleration . Then they are going to be sold by comfort . They 'll be face to face so they 'll be a pleasant experience . You child will say : ` Mommy are we there already ? ' rather than ` Are we there yet ? ' " Read more : Transportation confronts its "  Kodak moment " Even grizzled Silicon Valley entrepreneurs like Reputation.com CEO Michael Fertik confessed to being wowed by the self-driving car . "  Listen , I was driving to work the other day and I saw the self-driving Google car buzz by me driving much better than I think I was , " Fertik said . "  I do n't know if the guy had his hands on the wheel . There 's this big whirly thing on the top . It 's like Star Trek . " Four companies -- Audi , Mercedes , BMW and Volvo -- will have automated cars in the market in the next 12 months noted The New York Times ' technology writer John Markoff . "  We are about to enter into this great social experiment , " he said . However not all FutureCast attendees agreed that this social experiment is that great . "  You may sell these cars from Audi , but I have an Audi parked out front , " noted former Best Buy CTO Robert Stephens . "  Its Bluetooth does n't sync properly with my audio . There 's no frigging way I 'm letting this thing drive me down the highway yet . " But even Stephens is excited by the idea of the self-driving car . "  The minute you realize you can be in this thing and surf your email and not touch the car that will be awesome , " he said about a technology which , for better or worse , is about to radically change all of our lives .	Driverless cars are being tested by companies included Google Auto makers are committed to producing automated cars Some remain skeptical of the technology
CNN  -- President Barack Obama entered office with two overriding legislative goals : health care reform and climate change mitigation . He obtained the first goal but not the second . Now he has to decide whether the laws that Congress passes pose any constraint on his actions , or whether those laws are simply vessels whose precise contents can be filled as the President sees fit . On Tuesday , two federal courts rendered contrasting decisions regarding the legality of subsidies paid to those who have obtained insurance through the federal exchange established under the Affordable Care Act , the Obamacare legislation that a deeply divided Congress passed in 2009 . The act contains a provision authorizing federal subsidies to low-income individuals who purchase insurance through a "  state " health exchange . The question that the two courts had to answer was whether the specific statutory reference to state exchanges precludes subsidies to those who obtained insurance coverage through the federal exchange . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled 2-1 that such subsidies were not permitted ; the 4th Circuit , the federal appeals court based in nearby Virginia , held that the subsidies were allowed . The conflicting decisions reflect conflicting views of what counts as the law . According to the D.C. Circuit 's majority , the law is contained in the plain language of a statute . But according to the Virginia-based court , the law consists of what Congress intended to do when it enacted the Affordable Care Act . For its part , the Obama administration emphasizes what Congress intended instead of what Congress actually wrote and passed . When White House press secretary Josh Earnest was asked if "  the letter of the law matters to the White House on this , " he responded that "  what the courts are charged with doing is evaluating the intent of Congress . " That approach would save the subsidies that underpin the Affordable Care Act , but it would doom the administration 's approach to climate change . When Obama took office , he asked Congress to enact sweeping federal legislation to combat climate change . The President insisted that such new legislation was necessary to respond to climate change -- indeed , some of his more zealous supporters argued that federal climate change legislation was necessary to save the world from destruction . But once Congress rebuffed his plea for such a law , Obama decided that maybe it was n't necessary after all . Instead , he turned to the Clean Air Act , which Congress enacted in 1970 to reduce the clouds of air pollution that plagued so many American cities at the time . The intent of the Congress that passed the Clean Air Act was to empower the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate emissions of substances that make people sick when they breathe them . That Congress did not even think about climate change , and the pollutants that Congress did contemplate are fundamentally different from greenhouse gases that occur naturally in the atmosphere , are not toxic when breathed even at the elevated levels that now exist in the atmosphere , and that cause harm indirectly by facilitating the greenhouse effect that has begun to change the world 's climates . If we were to follow Earnest 's advice and evaluate the intent of Congress , then the Clean Air Act would not apply to climate change . But the Supreme Court read the Clean Air Act in the same way that the D.C. federal appeals court read the Affordable Care Act . In the landmark 2007 decision of Massachusetts v. EPA , the high court held the clear text of the Clean Air Act encompassed all sorts of air pollutants , not just those that were in the mind of Congress when it enacted the law . That broad understanding of the Clean Air Act forms the legal foundation for the EPA 's ongoing regulation of greenhouse gas emitters and of Obama 's Climate Action Plan . Now Obama , a former adjunct law professor , faces a choice . If he defends efforts to interpret the Affordable Care Act based on what Congress apparently intended rather than on the law 's actual provisions , then he undercuts the legal theory for his response to climate change . But if he defers to what the law actually says , then he loses the subsidies that are integral to the success of the Affordable Care Act . Of course , the President could simply advance whatever legal theory suits his policy aims . We expect more from judges . And few judges have articulated the judicial task better than Oliver Wendell Holmes , who remarked , "  We do not inquire what the legislature meant ; we ask only what the statute means . " Even if Josh Earnest would prefer otherwise . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	President Barack Obama 's team argues against a literal reading of the health care law Nagle : View may save Obamacare but flies in face of approach to climate change Obama seeks to use decades-old law to regulate gases related to climate change Nagle : On climate change , Obama wants judges to read the law literally
London , England  CNN  -- He is behind some of the most infectious advertising campaigns of recent years , creating online sensations and forging communities of followers . Australian David Droga is the maverick adman who became an executive creative director -- the chief creative thinker at an agency -- at just 22 . He now runs his own New-York-based advertising agency Droga5 , following stints as executive creative director of Saatchi & Saatchi , London , and worldwide chief creative officer of Publicis . You may not recognize the man regularly called the "  guru " of the ad world , but you will probably know his work . Some of Droga5 's best-known campaigns include "  The Great Schlep , " for which U.S. comedian Sarah Silverman made a viral plea encouraging people to visit their Jewish relatives in Florida and convince them to vote for Barack Obama . Droga5 also masterminded the spoof video of graffiti artist and entrepreneur Marc Ecko apparently breaking into an Air Force One base in 2006 and spray-painting the words "  Still Free " onto an airplane . The video became an online smash and got so much media attention that the Pentagon issued three statements denying that the footage was real . On the back of it , Droga5 won the top digital media award at the Cannes Lions Advertising Festival -- the ad world 's Oscars -- in the same year . Indeed , Droga is the single most awarded creative at Cannes , with over 50 Lions under his belt and since forming Droga5 in 2006 , has acquired clients Coca-Cola and Microsoft . The youthful Droga , who co-presents this month 's edition of CNN 's arts and culture program "  icon , " is not resting on his laurels , though . He told CNN , "  Perhaps one of the greatest and biggest changes in the advertising industry has been the way brands sell themselves and the mediums in which they do that . "  It 's as much about the communication , " he continued , "  But also now it is the body language of a brand ... how it actually operates and exists in the real world . " Some of Droga5 's clients include Method , the environmentally friendly cleaning products company , and sportswear brand PUMA , a company that prides itself on its ethical and ecological record . Droga believes that a respectable brand can wield considerable power . "  Advertising now takes on a far greater role of social responsibility and contributing to society , " he explained . "  It seems like not a lot of the world 's issues can be solved by big government , " he said , "  But they can be solved by brands , and brands putting their best foot forward need advertising . " Droga5 's prowess extends to successfully marketing charitable projects . Its campaigns include the UNICEF "  Tap Project , " which asked restaurant-goers across New York and beyond to donate a dollar for the tap water they received for free , and the "  Million " project for the New York City Department of Education , which awarded mobile phones and minutes to schoolchildren based on classroom performance . "  I set up Droga5 because I really believe in the power of advertising , " Droga said , "  But I believe in the power of advertising that 's in synch with what consumers want . " "  I believe in creating ideas that consumers actually want to engage in , creating movements with our thinking and not bombarding them into submission , " he continued . That 's why he thinks behaving responsibly is the best way forward . "  There is good business doing good , " he said .	Advertising guru and founder of agency Droga5 is a giant of the business Previous campaigns include "  The Great Schlep , " encouraging Jewish people to vote for Obama He is the most awarded creative at the Cannes Lions Advertising Festival His company , Droga5 , is committed to representing brands with a social commitment
CNN  -- Jennifer Hudson , Christina Aguilera and John Mayer will be among the presenters and performers at the 28th annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony in April , the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum announced Wednesday . Hudson and Aguilera have been tapped to perform in honor of new inductee Donna Summer , who died last year . In December , the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame announced the queen of disco was part of the 2013 class of inductees , which also includes Heart , Randy Newman , Public Enemy , Rush and Albert King . For King 's induction , Mayer will speak and also perform along with Gary Clark Jr. . Mayer 's been on the mend after having another surgery to remove recurrent throat granuloma , and he just recently sang in concert for the first time in nearly two years at a benefit in Montana . Fans of Rush will see their favorite group finally get their Rock and Roll Hall of Fame due , with Dave Grohl and Taylor Hawkins of the Foo Fighters inducting the band . Another Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee , Don Henley , will induct Newman . More details on additional presenters , performers and special guests are to come . Tickets will go on sale for the general public at 10 a.m. PT February 1 . The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony will take place April 18 at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in Los Angeles and will be broadcast at 9 p.m. ET/PT on May 18 on HBO  a company that , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner  .	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum announces initial list of performers and presenters John Mayer , Gary Clark Jr. , Christina Aguilera and Jennifer Hudson are among them Heart , Randy Newman , Rush and Albert King are among the 2013 inductees The induction ceremony will take place April 18 in Los Angeles
New York  CNN  -- A New York hardware clerk who pleaded guilty to abducting , smothering and dismembering an 8-year-old boy was sentenced Wednesday to 40 years to life behind bars on charges of second degree murder and kidnapping in the second degree . As part of a plea deal , Levi Aron will be eligible for parole after 40 years , though could serve life in prison . Aron was accused of snatching Leiby Kletzky last summer from the Brooklyn boy 's neighborhood . His attorney , Howard Greenberg , said he asked for protective custody for Aron "  because there are a lot of sick and demented people . " The "  sentence was 40 years , not life . " The plea deal was announced in early August and at the time Aron 's attorney , Jennifer L. McCann , said she was "  glad we were able to come up with an amenable resolution that both sides agreed to . " Police say Leiby 's dismembered body was found in Aron 's freezer and inside a suitcase in a nearby trash bin . New York City 's chief medical examiner said the Brooklyn boy was drugged before he was slain . The autopsy results for Leiby listed a cocktail of four prescription and over-the-counter drugs in the boy 's system : cyclobenzaprine , a muscle relaxant ; quetiapine , an antipsychotic drug ; hydrocodone , a pain medication ; and acetaminophen , the drug in Tylenol . Both Aron and Leiby were members of the borough 's close-knit Orthodox Jewish community , although police say it does n't appear that they knew each other . Kletzky 's family released a statement saying they have "  finally received some partial closure on one aspect of this nightmare . " CNN 's Yon Pomrenze contributed to this report	NEW : His attorney , Howard Greenberg , said he asked for protective custody for Aron A judge accepted a plea deal earlier this month The city 's chief medical examiner said the boy died after being drugged and then smothered
CNN  -- Twenty-five years after the hit single "  West End Girls , " can the Pet Shop Boys pull off songs that make you want to dance like it 's 1984 , but still reflect a social consciousness of 2009 ? Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe , shown at the BRIT Awards in February , are releasing their 10th studio album . The answer is the title of their latest album : "  Yes . " The British duo will release their 10th studio album on April 21 in the United States through Astralwerks . "  Yes " has been out in the United Kingdom through Parlophone/EMI since March 23 , and entered the Billboard UK albums chart at No. 4 . "  We thought that ` Yes ' just kind of summed up the theme of the album . It 's a positive , upbeat , euphoric pop album , " keyboardist Chris Lowe said . "  It 's almost an answer to the question , ` Is that the Pet Shop Boys ? ' ` Yes ! ' " Given how many different projects the duo has been involved with , it 's a valid question . In addition to the studio albums , they 've written a musical , "  Closer to Heaven , " and a soundtrack to Sergei Eisenstein 's 1925 silent film classic , "  The Battleship Potemkin . " For "  Yes , " the Pet Shop Boys worked with Xenomania , a production group known for collaborating with Cher and other pop stars . Xenomania co-wrote three of the tracks on "  Yes " with Lowe and vocalist Neil Tennant , who write most of their own songs . Watch the official video for "  Love , etc. " on YouTube The Pet Shop Boys , who recently won an award for outstanding contribution to music at the 2009 BRIT Awards , "  felt very much at home " at the house outside London , England , that Xenomania has devoted entirely to music , Tennant said . Every bedroom has a studio , and bands hang around downstairs waiting to record amid the sounds of instruments , record mixing and talking . "  You can hear this cacophony of music all day long , " he said . Like a vinyl record , "  Yes " is divided into two distinct halves : the happy pop introduction and the more "  weird " experimental conclusion , Tennant said . The album also features guitar performances by Johnny Marr . "  Love , etc. " , the album 's first track and currently No. 2 on the Billboard Hot Dance Singles Sales chart , is a social statement about how money , shopping and celebrity do n't necessarily bring happiness , while the third track , "  Beautiful People , " imagines that it must be great to have wealth and fame , Tennant said . "  At the end of the day , it 's an old-fashioned sentiment , but love is more important , really , " Lowe said of "  Love , etc. " "  Pandemonium , " a love song inspired by the relationship between actress Kate Moss and singer Pete Doherty , was originally written for Kylie Minogue to sing , but she did n't use it , Tennant said . Media reports that they 'll never work together again are incorrect , however , he said . "  I think they exaggerated that , " Tennant said . "  Yeah , so that 's not true . "  In a BBC story , Tennant and Lowe said they , like many songwriters , had n't heard back from Minogue after submitting their material . "  We wo n't be doing it again , " Lowe told the BBC . Perhaps the most out-of-character song stylistically is the finale , "  Legacy , " a meditation on politicians leaving office  "  You 'll get over it " is the main message  . Tennant identified it as his favorite because of the poetry and the mystery in the music -- "  it continues to fascinate me , " he said . "  The Way It Used to Be , " a favorite track for both Boys , charts a relationship from its romantic beginning to its melancholic end , wondering "  what is left of love " and longing to "  leave our promises behind / rewind and try again . " With all this talk of love , Tennant is private about his own love life . As far as love in the album goes , though , "  Some of it 's real , and some imagination ; some of it 's memory , " he said . The duo did not meet in a pet shop , but in an an electronics shop in London in 1981 . Tennant needed a piece of equipment for his synthesizer and , when he and Lowe started talking about music , the two hit it off . "  I 'm always struck since then by the sort of amazing look of our meeting , " Tennant said . "  We happened to be in the same place at the same time , and it changed the rest of our lives . I always think it was an extraordinary thing . " They started making music as a hobby with an acoustic guitar and a synthesizer , and played drums by banging on the table , Lowe said . "  It 's all been a gradual process really . We never sat down really and said , ` Let 's become pop stars , ' " Lowe said . When they first recorded "  West End Girls " together , the musical group did not have a name , Tennant said . They took the name Pet Shop Boys because they had friends who worked at a pet shop in West London known as the "  pet shop boys . " They thought the name fit with popular rap groups such as the Beastie Boys . "  It has actually no meaning whatsoever . Chris used to be embarrassed by it , " Tennant said . While influenced by hip-hop , electronic disco , and other genres from the beginning , the Pet Shop Boys have always emphasized the songs themselves , Lowe said , and they 're not "  purist " about what kinds of instruments get used . In the beginning , they sampled everything from animal noises to broken glass for their songs . They even recorded the sound of a woman walking down a street in high heels for "  West End Girls , " and the ambience of a cathedral for the 1987 single "  It 's a Sin , " Lowe said . Their songwriting has perhaps gotten more sophisticated and experimental over time , Tennant said . "  In the '80s I never sang any harmonies on records . Now I do loads of harmonies . I 'm turning into Brian Wilson ! " Tennant said . "  Yes " continues the Pet Shop Boys ' tradition of having one-word titles for albums , such as "  Please , " "  Bilingual , " and the more recent "  Fundamental . " The convention just developed and became a style that the duo decided to keep , Tennant said . "  It 's like e.e. cummings not having any capital letters -- it 's a signature thing , " Tennant said . The duo is determined to branch into new areas . Lowe and Tennant 's next project is a ballet slated for 2011 based on a story by Hans Christian Anderson . Tennant said it is instrumental , and includes a mixture of electronic music and strings . "  The challenge of telling a story through music and dance is something that we 're interested in , " Lowe said . Plans to tour the United States in the fall are under discussion , the duo said .	The Pet Shop Boys ' new album comes out in the United States on April 21 "  Yes " has two distinct parts : the upbeat introduction and the more mysterious end Singer Neil Tennant says he never sang any harmonies in the 1980s Tennant and Lowe did not meet in a pet shop , but in an electronics shop
CNN  -- Golf 's forgotten man , Colombia 's Camilo Villegas , gave the galleries a reminder of his prodigious talent with a six-under-par 64 to lead the Honda Classic Thursday Villegas won the 2010 edition of the PGA Tour event at Palm Beach Gardens but a shocking run of form since saw him lose his card at the end of the 2012 season . Playing on an invite from the sponsors , the 31-year-old Villegas , carded four birdies and a stunning eagle on the 18th to lead Rickie Fowler , Canada 's Graham DeLaet and Branden Grace of South Africa by a stroke . Villegas came home in just 30 for the treacherous back nine of the PGA National Course as he bids for his fourth PGA Tour win and a return to golf 's top table . Honda Classic latest leaderboard His 263-yard three-wood approach to the 18th "  the perfect number for me " set up his superb finish . "  It was nice to make it , " he told Sky Sports "  And nice to see the ball going in the hole , I 've been working hard for the last few months and nice to see the result , " he added . It left him six shots clear of defending champion and World No. 1 Rory McIlroy , who again battled an errant driver and had to rely on his short game to stay in touch . McIlroy , who missed the cut in his first event of the season since switching to the clubs of his new sponsor Nike , then lost in the first round of the WGC World Championship last week , got into red fingers on the back nine . But more errant play from tee to green saw him finish with a disappointing bogey six for level par 70 . It left him on the same mark as early starter Tiger Woods , who recovered from two over at the turn , to recover to level par . Woods had to take off his shoes and socks to play a ball half submerged in the water hazard at the sixth , his 15th , but it paid off . He moved the ball forward and his third left him eight foot from the hole , making the putt for a valuable par . But the former No. 1 struggled on the greens and he finished with 32 putts . "  I hit good putts , " Woods told the official PGA Tour website . "  I was getting fooled on the grain , the green speeds are a little bit faster than they were but it 's an adjustment I need to make . " On the European Tour , South African Darren Fichardt continued his blistering early season form , carding eight holes on his way to a seven-under-par 65 and a one-shot lead in the inaugural Tshwane Open . The 37-year-old won the Africa Open in East London two weeks ago and found his form again on the Copperleaf Golf and Country Estate near Pretoria . Fichardt 's nearest challenger is Bjorn Akesson of Sweden in the $ 1.970 million tournament . Meanwhile , Guan Tianlang 's bid to make this year 's British Open suffered a major setback as the 14-year-old Chinese golf prodigy fell seven shots off the lead after the first round of International Final qualifying Asia Thursday . Guan will be playing at the U.S.Masters after winning the Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship last year on the same Amata Spring Country Club in Thailand where the qualifying is taking place . But a one-over 73 left him with much to do to win won of the four spots available for the July 18-21 British Open at Muirfield .	Camilo Villegas sets early pace at Honda Classic in Florida Colombian has endured form slump since winning tournament in 2010 Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy trail after level par 70s at PGA National 14-year-old Guan Tianlang trails after opening day of British Open qualifying event
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's second attempt to seat a new Cabinet failed Saturday with the parliament rejecting a majority of his selections . The parliament approved seven ministers out of 17 nominees . They include Karzai 's former national security adviser , Zalmai Rasoul , as foreign minister and Amina Afzali , one of three female nominees , as social affairs chief . Nominees for ministries of Justice , Haj and Islamic Affairs , Economics , Counter-Narcotics , and Rural Rehabilitation and Development also were approved . But the rejection of 10 names does not bode well for Karzai , who is under both international and domestic pressure to stamp out widespread corruption in Afghanistan and establish legitimacy for his administration , tainted by allegations of vote fraud in August . Among those rejected were candidates for higher education , public health and women 's affairs . Parliament members have complained that Karzai 's nominees are either corrupt or linked to warlords . Meanwhile , 14 militants and three international troops died in fighting over the past 24 hours in Afghanistan , authorities said Saturday . Eleven insurgents died in an overnight raid by Afghan and NATO-led troops in Sistanay , a village in the Nad-e-Ali district of Helmand province in southern Afghanistan , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . A "  sizable amount " of black tar opium and a small weapons cache and bomb-making materials were found in the operation , it said . In eastern Paktika province Friday night , forces called in an airstrike against militants planting roadside bombs , the NATO-led mission said . Three militants , including a commander of the Haqqani network , were killed . In Khost province , north of Paktika , a roadside bomb Saturday struck the vehicle of the Bak district 's sub-governor , who suffered minor injuries . The British Defense Ministry said two British soldiers were killed while on foot patrol Friday in Helmand . The NATO command said an ISAF service member was killed Saturday but did n't list the nationality or location of the incident . CNN 's Atia Abawi and Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	Afghan parliament hands president another political setback Nominees for seven Cabinet posts approved , but 10 rejected President Hamid Karzai under pressure to clean up widespread corruption Fourteen militants , three international troops killed in fighting
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot was charged with murder Friday , acting "  with ferocity and great cruelty " in the slaying of a 21-year-old student in Lima , Peru , according to court documents . Van der Sloot also was charged with robbery in last week 's slaying of Stephany Flores Ramirez , according to a release from the Lima Superior Court of Justice . Judge Juan Buendia Valenzuela ordered that van der Sloot be detained and turned over to penal authorities while awaiting trial . He was transferred to a prison Friday afternoon , America TV showed in a broadcast . The 22-year-old Dutch citizen was considered the main suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway in Aruba , where van der Sloot lived . He has been arrested twice in connection with the case but was released for lack of evidence . Van der Sloot told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case , Peruvian national police said in a statement Thursday . The court also accused three men of failing to report the crime , the release said . Brothers John Williams Aparcana Pisconte and John Oswaldo Aparcana Pisconte , along with Carlos Alberto Uribe Petril , drove van der Sloot from Peru to Chile last week , police said . Van der Sloot was arrested in Chile on June 3 and returned to the next day to Peru , where police say he confessed to killing Flores . Police say that in addition to savagely beating and killing Flores , who had a broken neck , he took money and bank cards from her wallet before fleeing . The robbery charge is related to that accusation . Flores and van der Sloot went to a hotel room registered in his name after playing poker at a nearby casino , police say . Hotel surveillance video shows them entering his room together and him leaving alone more than three hours later . In the Holloway case , van der Sloot told investigators during an interrogation that he knows the location of her body , a Peruvian police official said . But van der Sloot would not identify the location or say what happened to her the night of her disappearance , said Miguel Canlla , head of the homicide division of the Peruvian national police investigative unit . "  In the interrogation done to the Dutch citizen , he says he knew the location of the corpse of the American citizen but that he was going to explain everything to Aruban police , " Canlla said Thursday . Canlla said Thursday that Aruban police were not currently in Peru and that he did not know whether Aruban and Peruvian investigators had been in contact . Van der Sloot 's lawyer , Maximo Alonso Altez Navarro , has said he plans to ask the judge in the case to strike down van der Sloot 's confession because he was not properly represented when he was interrogated . Canlla defended his department 's interrogation and said van der Sloot 's confession was acquired legally . "  The statement was done within all the requirements stipulated by Peruvian law , " he said . Canlla said investigators were still waiting for judicial permission in order to investigate the contents of van der Sloot 's computer . But authorities have gathered significant evidence , he said . Bloodstains found on van der Sloot 's clothes match Flores ' blood type , he said . "  We found bloodstains on the victim 's clothes , and we found bloodstains on his clothes , which , according to biological testing , they correspond to the victim , " he said . Police said in a statement Thursday that van der Sloot presumably attacked Flores to rob her of the money she had won gambling at a casino . The two met playing poker May 27 and had several encounters before driving together to van der Sloot 's hotel May 30 . After killing her , the police statement said , van der Sloot cleaned the room in an attempt to hide evidence of the crime , changed clothes and fled with Flores ' money , bank cards and black Jeep . Police said the evidence against van der Sloot includes his confession , forensic data , surveillance videos and fingerprints from the crime scene and Flores ' Jeep . Altez , van der Sloot 's lawyer , claims he has found indications that the handling of the evidence was tainted , especially the way the body was handled during the crime scene investigation . But Canlla said there were no irregularities in the investigation . Although van der Sloot was never charged in connection with Holloway 's disappearance in 2005 , U.S. authorities have filed extortion and wire fraud charges against him . A FBI affidavit says van der Sloot tried to extort money from Holloway 's mother . The FBI says a representative for Holloway 's mother paid $ 25,000 last month for information on the whereabouts of her daughter 's remains . Van der Sloot said he would reveal the location of the body and the circumstances surrounding Holloway 's death for $ 25,000 in cash and asked for $ 250,000 in total , the document states . The FBI and U.S. attorney 's office in Birmingham , Alabama , arranged for a meeting in which van der Sloot was paid $ 10,000 in cash and another $ 15,000 in a wire transfer , the affidavit said . The meeting took place last month , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Birmingham . The FBI affidavit says the $ 15,000 was transferred to a personal bank account in the Netherlands . In exchange for the money , the document said , van der Sloot showed the representative a house where Holloway 's remains supposedly were buried . When records and aerial photography showed that construction had not started on the house at the time of the disappearance , van der Sloot admitted that he lied , the affidavit said . John Kelly , an attorney for Holloway 's mother , has said he is the unnamed person mentioned in the FBI affidavit as having taken the money to Aruba and met with van der Sloot . A source with intimate knowledge of the case confirmed for CNN that Kelly is the cooperating witness named in the affidavit . The money paid to van der Sloot came from Holloway 's mother , Kelly said . According to the affidavit , van der Sloot said his father helped him conceal Holloway 's body and buried it under the house a few days later while van der Sloot waited in a car . "  Van der Sloot added that he had not actually seen his father inter the remains but was told and shown by his father where the body was buried , " the affidavit states . Van der Sloot 's father , Paulus , died in February while playing tennis in Aruba . He was an attorney and judge and had been involved in his son 's defense in the Holloway case . CNN 's Kimberly Segal contributed to this report .	Suspect "  acted with ferocity and great cruelty , " court says 3 others accused of not reporting killing in Lima He was charged with robbery , ordered to prison until trial He was suspect in disappearance of a U.S. teen in Aruba
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain feared that it would have been overwhelmed in the event of a Soviet attack because of the depleted state of its armed forces , according to secret files made public on Tuesday . U.S. President Jimmy Carter watches UK PM James Callaghan speak at a 1979 meeting in Guadeloupe . Papers released by the National Archives , under the 30-year rule , reveal that Royal Air Force fighter jets only had sufficient ammunition for two days of combat and the Royal Navy would fail to defend the country from Russian submarines . The army would have been too over-stretched to cope with a widescale campaign of sabotage and subversion by Soviet special forces , the papers show . Prime Minister James Callaghan called the situation a "  scandal " when he discovered the scale of the problem and demanded resignations among the military . "  Heaven help us if there is a war ! " he scrawled on one note . But ministers could do little until the Tornado fighter plane became available in the mid-1980s along with other military hardware . The problem became clear when senior intelligence officers warned in late 1977 that , in the event of a conventional war , the Russians could unleash up to 200 bombers and 18 submarines against the UK . The assessment of the Joint Chiefs of Staff was that British forces would be unable to cope . "  UK forces can not match the threat postulated by the JIC assessment , " the chiefs noted in January 1978 in a document marked Top Secret UK Eyes Alpha . "  Air defenses would be outweighed because aircraft would be outnumbered and stocks of air defense munitions would sustain operations for only two or three days . "  Maritime forces need better anti-submarine weapons , and face a massive threat from submarine and air-launched missiles and also from mines ; the most serious deficiency is in numbers . "  The army in the UK would , until mobilization is complete , have insufficient forces to meet its commitments ; after mobilization of the reserves , a process taking between 15-20 days , the Army would be able to counter the currently assessed Soviet land threat during the initial stages of the war but , lacking supporting arms and logistic support , it would be inadequate to deal with any more significant threat , including sabotage or subversion on a wide scale . "	Britain feared it would have been overwhelmed in Soviet attack , papers reveal Papers were released by the National Archives under the 30-year rule Prime Minister James Callaghan called the situation a "  scandal "
RealSimple.com  -- Tired of counting sheep ? Try one of these remedies and get a good night 's sleep . Aromatherapy Try it : When you 're drowsy but slightly tense . How to use it : Massage a dab of aromatherapeutic balm or oil into the back of your neck and shoulders  and inhale deeply  before you hit the sack . Certain fragrances , including lavender and lemon balm , promote snooze-inducing relaxation , says Rubin Naiman , Ph.D. , a sleep specialist at the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine , in Tucson .  Try Dr. Andrew Weil for Origins Night Health Bedtime Balm , which contains lavender ; $ 25 , origins.com . Good to know : You do n't have to stick to traditional aromatherapeutic scents -- any fragrance that makes you feel good can be calming , says Dr. Phyllis Zee , M.D. , Ph.D. , a professor of neurology and the director of the Sleep Disorders Center at Northwestern University , in Chicago . RealSimple.com : Get a good night 's sleep Valerian tea Try it : If you are getting a full night 's sleep but still feel tired in the a.m. . How to use it : Sip a brew made from the flowering plant an hour or so before bedtime .  Try the Republic of Tea Get Some Zzz 's ; $ 10.50 for 36 bags , republicoftea.com .  Some studies have shown that valerian can help increase sleep quality  it 's packed with antioxidants , too  . You may have to drink it for several nights in a row before it works , says Naiman . Good to know : Valerian should n't be taken for more than two weeks at a time , since prolonged use can lead to dependency . And it can interfere with some prescription medications , including cholesterol drugs , so check with your doctor before steeping . RealSimple.com : The best teas GABA-enhanced drink Try it : When your head is racing with worries . How to use it : Down a shot of gamma-aminobutyric acid  GABA  right before bed .  Try Arizona P.M. Relax FastShot ; $ 3 , drinkarizona.com for stores .  "  GABA , an amino acid found in your body , has been shown to quiet the mind when taken orally , " says Naiman . Good to know : Certain foods , including brown rice , bananas , and mackerel , contain GABA . Consuming them during the day may help you sleep better at night . RealSimple.com : Easy ways to unwind Melatonin supplement Try it : If you do n't feel tired until way past bedtime . How to use it : Take a three-milligram tablet 15 to 20 minutes before bed .  Try GNC Melatonin 3 ; $ 5 for 60 tablets , gnc.com .  Your brain makes this neurohormone naturally to "  tell the body that it 's time for sleep , " says Naiman . "  But many people have suppressed melatonin production because they 're overexposed to light in the evening . " Naiman has been using it nightly for 20 years . Good to know : Consult with your doctor before taking melatonin . It is not recommended for pregnant women , women trying to conceive , children , and adolescent boys  it can affect testosterone levels in maturing males  . RealSimple.com : How to solve 9 sleep problems Over-the-counter sleeping pill Try it : When you 're going through a short period of sleeplessness , like during a stressful time at work . How to use it : At bedtime , take two tablets that contain diphenhydramine , an antihistamine that makes you feel sleepy  research shows that an excess of histamine in the body may cause insomnia  . "  The less often you take these pills , the better , " says Dr. Lisa Shives , M.D. , a sleep specialist in Evanston , Illinois . "  You can build up a tolerance , and then they wo n't work as well . "  Try Unisom SleepGels ; $ 10 for 32 gel tabs , at drugstores .  Note : Never mix alcohol and sleeping pills . Good to know : "  The older you are , the slower you metabolize this type of drug , " says Shives . That means you may experience lingering sleepiness in the morning . RealSimple.com : What are your strategies for a longer , deeper sleep ? Prescription medication Try it : When insomnia becomes a chronic problem . How to use it : Work with your doctor to figure out which medication is best for you . Shives 's favorite is Rozerem  rozerem.com  . It acts on the melatonin receptors in the brain that help you fall and stay asleep  other aids act only as a sedative  . Take a tablet about 30 minutes before bed . Good to know : Finding the right medication may require trial and error : Some can make you more wired and awake . Side effects are common , says Shives , and range from the annoying  headaches , grogginess  to the serious , like unconscious nighttime binge eating and driving . Pregnant women may want to avoid these aids , even though they have not been proven to be dangerous . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fragrances that make you feel calm , such as lavender and lemon balm , can help you sleep Only take over-the-counter sleeping pills sparingly -- you could build up a tolerance Valerian tea , when taken for less than two weeks at a time , can improve quality of sleep
CNN  -- Police have identified the man whose shooting of another man outside a store in Naples , Italy , was captured by a surveillance camera , the Italian news agency ANSA reported Saturday . The announcement came two days after police released the video of the brazen daylight shooting in hopes it would lead someone to come forward . Police did not release the man 's name . The video , shot May 11 , shows a man wearing jeans , a dark jersey and a baseball cap , walking into the store and looking around , turning and walking back out . Passersby appear unfazed . One woman tries to lift up the victim 's head in an apparent attempt to see if she knew him ; a man steps over the body . Police said they had been without any clues before the release of the video . A source who was not identified publicly said the killer was a man in his 30s from Naples ' northern Sanita district who had recently left the city . A third man seen in the video was thought to have been an accomplice , but he told Il Mattino newspaper that he had nothing to do with the killing . "  I am the man of the film , but I have never been a lookout , and now I am afraid , " the 39-year-old man said . "  I was taking a breath of air , waiting for my daughter to go shopping . " The man said he had been living "  in terror " since acquaintances called him from Germany to tell him they had seen him on the video . Police said they knew of no motive for the killing , which took place in the poor neighborhood of Rione Sanita , where Camorra , the name for organized crime in Naples , is strong . The victim was a bank robber , the spokesman said . A police spokesman said Camorra has been blamed for about 60 killings this year in Naples and its surrounding county .	Surveillance video shows man shooting another man outside a store in Naples , Italy Police released the video in hopes it would lead someone to come forward Release of the video provided clues , police say ; source says killer is a man from Naples Third man in video was thought to be accomplice , but he tells newspaper he was n't involved
Budget Travel  -- I 've never been a fan of the cold . As a kid , my favorite part of skiing was the hot chocolate , and I relished blizzards for the snow days , not the snowball fights . So when I booked a trip to the Icehotel in northern Sweden , my family and friends were amused -- and a bit concerned , especially when I got sick days before my flight . "  You ca n't go to the Arctic with a cold ! " my mother admonished . The hotel in northern Sweden opens every year in early December and closes at the end of April . But I had good reason for wanting to sleep in a glorified freezer : As an environmental reporter , I was curious to see a place where people have turned snow and ice into a moneymaker , one that 's spawned copycats in frigid spots from Canada to Romania . Conceived by Yngve Bergqvist , a river-rafting guide who wanted to lure visitors to the Arctic north during the winter , the Icehotel started out in 1990 as nothing more than a crude igloo . Now , it 's a fanciful ice castle that 's rebuilt every November with an unparalleled level of artistry -- which explains why each winter 16,000 guests pay hundreds of dollars a night to sleep on a slab of ice and thousands more make the trek just to tour the rooms for the day . The 30 most elaborate suites are the handiwork of a team of artists -- sculptors , painters , architects , even comic book illustrators -- many of whom have never worked with ice before . Wielding chain saws and chisels , they spend weeks crafting frozen furniture while electricians install lights to provide an ethereal glow . Surreal ? Exceedingly . This winter , German furniture maker Jens Paulus and American industrial designer Joshua Space created a space-station room straight out of "  Star Trek , " with giant carvings of the sun and moon on opposing walls and twinkling lights in the ceiling . British decorator Ben Rousseau and graffiti artist Insa devised the Getting Cold Feet suite , with oversize high-heeled ice shoes beside the bed . Twenty-nine unadorned snow caves offer a somewhat less pricey and more purist experience . Since no hotel would be complete without a bar , the artists also sculpt a chic space where guests can warm their innards with an Icebar Jukkasjrvi , a mix of vodka , blueberry liqueur , blue curaao syrup and elderflower juice , sipped from a cube-shaped ice glass . Then there 's the chapel , where designs etched into the ice walls resemble stained glass . About 150 couples tie the knot here each year , some brides bundled in snowsuits , others dressed in white wedding gowns , their teeth chattering as they recite their vows . When I arrive in Sweden , I 'm surprised to find that the guests actually spend a lot of time in a pair of heated chalets that look like life-size gingerbread houses . The shower and bathroom are located in the one nearest the hotel -- because , really , who wants to sit on a frozen throne ? And the other contains the restaurant , where chef Richard Nslin dreams up such intriguing dishes as arctic char ice cream , which has a slightly salty , smoky flavor and is much more delicious than it sounds . Budget Travel Dream Trip : Scale a volcano in Ecuador After my dinner , wrapped in several layers of fleece and down , I waddle out to a tepee for a folk concert by native Laplander Yana Mangi . At the end of each song , the crowd responds with a uniquely Arctic ovation : muffled mitten clapping . My suite has a nautical theme , with walls curved into a frozen wave and an oval bed of bluish ice set beneath a clam-shaped headboard . Topped with a mattress and a reindeer skin , the setup looks snug . Almost . The temperature is a brisk 23 degrees Fahrenheit , and I 'm still petrified I 'll lose a finger to hypothermia , even in my head-to-toe winter wardrobe . I climb under the furry blanket , making sure not an inch of skin is exposed . Then I gaze through the slits in my microfleece face mask and marvel at the stillness . My breath comes in shallow white puffs . Soon , I 'm fast asleep . The next thing I know , a hotel attendant is standing beside me with a cup of steaming lingonberry juice -- my wake-up call . Amazingly , I slept through the night , giving new meaning to the expression "  out cold . " I wiggle my fingers and toes -- they 're tingly , but all there . Then I do what any sane person would : sprint to the chalet to thaw out in the shower and sauna . Most guests stay only one night , but I opt for a second . It 's not to prove my mettle ; I feel as if I 've done that . Rather , I find my frosty alcove incredibly restful and therapeutic . Maybe the hotel should add an ice yoga studio next ? IF YOU GO ... GETTING THERE A round-trip flight between New York and Stockholm on SAS costs about $ 700 in midwinter  flysas.com  . From Stockholm , take a 16-hour train ride to Kiruna  from $ 44 round trip  . The Icehotel is a $ 13 bus ride away . WHEN TO GO The hotel opens every year in early December and closes at the end of April . You have a chance of spotting the northern lights in December and January , but those are the coldest months -- temperatures can dip to 45 below . WHAT TO PACK Think wool and fleece layers ; avoid cotton , which can trap moisture and make you colder . The hotel supplies boots and hats . For details , see icehotel.com/winter/adventure/dress . WHERE TO SPLURGE Do n't miss the guided hotel tour  $ 37 per person  . And how about an ice-sculpting lesson  $ 75 per person  ? Or a six-hour snowmobile safari to see moose at their winter feeding grounds  $ 400 per person  ? WHERE TO SAVE Tour the Icehotel by day , and then spend the night at Hotel Kebne in Kiruna  011-46/980 -68 -180 , hotellkebne.com , from $ 100  . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	The Icehotel started out in 1990 as nothing more than a crude igloo Now guests can stay in elaborate suites handcrafted in ice by artists Bathrooms are located in a heated chalet
State College , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The most powerful leaders at Penn State University showed "  total and consistent disregard " for child sex abuse victims while covering up the attacks of a longtime sexual predator , according to an internal review into how the school handled a scandal involving its former assistant football coach . Investigators conducted more than 400 interviews and found that several officials had "  empowered " Jerry Sandusky to continue his abuse , while Joe Paterno , the school 's legendary head football coach , could have stopped the attacks had he done more , investigators said Thursday . Read the report here  PDF In a scandal that has shaken Pennsylvania residents and gripped the nation , leading to Paterno 's dismissal and the ouster of longtime president Graham Spanier , Louis Freeh , the former FBI director who led the review , said top university officials forged an agreement to conceal Sandusky 's sexual attacks more than a decade ago . "  There are more red flags here than you can count , " said Freeh , emphasizing the abuse occurred just "  steps away " from where Paterno worked in the university 's Lasch Building . Freeh 's 267-page report is the product of a Penn State-funded investigation , which is separate from a government investigation into charges of perjury and failure to report abuse pinned against the school 's former Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz . The Pennsylvania Attorney General 's Office is investigating what Penn State knew about a 2001 incident of child sex abuse by Sandusky , reported by then-graduate assistant Mike McQueary , and how it was handled . Neither McQueary , Sandusky nor Paterno -- who died in January -- were interviewed by Freeh 's team and no trial date has been set for Curley and Schultz , though proceedings are expected to begin later in July . The prosecution of Curley and Schultz comes on the heels of the widely watched Sandusky trial , in which the former defensive coordinator was convicted of sexually abusing young boys over 15 years . "  Our most saddening and sobering finding is the total disregard for the safety and welfare of Sandusky 's child victims by the most senior leaders at Penn State , " Freeh wrote . "  The most powerful men at Penn State failed to take any steps for 14 years to protect the children who Sandusky victimized . " Reactions to Penn State report flood social media He blamed Spanier , Schultz , Paterno and Curley for having "  never demonstrated ... any concern for the safety and well-being of Sandusky 's victims until after Sandusky 's arrest , " while the board of trustees failed to perform their oversight duties . That collective failure "  to protect against a child sexual predator harming children " lasted "  more than a decade , " and allowed Sandusky to further harm his victims , the full report says . Key passages from the report See Freeh 's prepared statement here  PDF Trustee Kenneth Frazier , head of the committee addressing the Sandusky scandal , said the school 's board of trustees is "  deeply ashamed " of its lack of oversight identified in the report . He said the board 's 32 members -- none of whom plan to resign -- as well as university administrators are accountable for what happened . He pledged corrective measures to ensure that an "  event like this can never happen again in the Penn State community . " Karen Peetz , trustees chairwoman , said "  61 years of excellent service that Joe  Paterno  gave to the community is now marred . " Freeh 's report outlined a culture of secrecy at top university levels , noting an incident in which janitors aware of the abuse took no action , out of fear . "  They witness what I think in the report is probably the most horrific rape that 's described , " Freeh told reporters . "  And what do they do ? They panic . " One janitor , a Korean War veteran , said it was "  the worst thing he 's ever seen . " He and other janitors were "  alarmed and shocked , " but were afraid that if they reported it they 'd be fired . Clery Act at center of Penn State probe , 26 years after young woman 's murder Attorneys for Curley and Schultz said Freeh did not have access to critical witnesses and came up with an incomplete report . Curley 's attorney termed it a "  lopsided document that leaves the majority of the story untold . " "  A complete record can and will be made in a court of law , aided by the power of subpoena , where all of the witnesses are subject to thorough cross-examination , " attorney Caroline Roberto said in a statement . Tom Farrell , Schultz 's attorney , said at trial the jury will learn that McQueary never told his client that he witnessed Sandusky engaging in anal sex with a boy . Evidence will show Schultz did not have secret files on Sandusky and that there was no effort among the four leaders to conceal Sandusky 's behavior , Farrell said in a statement . Attorneys for Spanier and Sandusky did not immediately respond to CNN 's requests for comment . The review casts a shadow over the school 's storied football program and over the career of Paterno , who was widely beloved for bringing Penn State football to national prominence . Scott Paterno , son of the former head football coach , told CNN contributor Sara Ganim , reporting for The Patriot-News , that "  we wish  Joe Paterno had  been more aggressive in following up . " "  But clearly he thought it had been handled , " he said , referring to the 2001 report of Sandusky 's abuse of a minor . "  There was n't anything more Joe Paterno could have done because it was an unsubstantiated allegation , " the younger Paterno said . "  I know my father did not know Jerry was a pedophile and did not suspect he was a pedophile . " Another Paterno son , Jay , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that sworn testimony ate - the Schultz and Curley trials will provide information that will help give the whole picture . Jay Paterno also said people should realize there is much more information available on Sandusky 's acts today than there was in 2001 . At a glance : Key players in Penn State report Freeh 's team discovered accusations of Sandusky 's abuse well over a decade ago , which school officials were allegedly aware of . Even before the 1998 investigation , "  Several staff members and football coaches regularly observed Sandusky showering with young boys , " and none of those interviewed ever notified their superiors , the report found . A year later , in 1999 , Paterno , Spanier , Schultz and Curley decided to allow Sandusky to retire , "  not as a suspected child predator , but as a valued member of the Penn State football legacy , " the report says . That allowed him to continue to work with children at the university , "  essentially granting him license to bring boys to campus facilities for ` grooming ' as targets for his assaults . " He retained unlimited access to university facilities until November 2011 , the report says . The school also approved a one-time lump sum payment of $ 168,000 to Sandusky in 1999 . Top university officials said they had never known Penn State "  to provide this type of payment to a retiring employee . " Penn State community still admires Paterno The desire to avoid bad publicity was part of administrators ' rationale in the cover-up , investigators said Thursday . Victim No. 6 : Violation and vindication "  No one , no one , is above scrutiny , " said Frazier when the review began in November 2011 . Video : Sandusky scandal part of Paterno legacy In June , eight young men testified , often in disturbingly graphic detail , of how Sandusky forced them to engage in sexual acts in various places , including hotel rooms , the basement of his home and in the Penn State coaches ' locker room . In court documents , prosecutors say they have e-mails from university officials -- which CNN obtained exclusively -- that allegedly contradict grand jury testimony of Curley and Schultz . The Freeh review discovered the documents and turned them over to state prosecutors as part of ongoing investigations , according to both the university and prosecutors . One of the e-mails suggests Paterno had a previously undisclosed conversation with Curley about the shower room incident from 2001 . Freeh 's team of investigators said evidence shows Paterno was also made aware of a criminal investigation of Sandusky relating to suspected sexual misconduct with a boy years earlier . But Paterno "  failed to take any action , " the report found . "  At the very least , Mr. Paterno could have alerted the entire football staff , in order to prevent Sandusky from bringing another child into the Lasch Building , " where the incident took place . Paterno and the others also failed to alert the board of trustees , Freeh said . "  None of them even spoke to Sandusky about his conduct . In short , nothing was done and Sandusky was allowed to continue with impunity . " Then , in February 2001 , the four men decided they would report the incident to the Department of Public Welfare ; but Paterno had a conversation with Curley , and the men then agreed not to do so , Freeh wrote . Despite scandal , Penn State rakes in millions in donations "  After giving it more thought and talking it over with Joe yesterday , I am uncomfortable with what we agreed were the next steps , " Curley wrote the next day , according to Freeh 's report . Instead of alerting authorities , Curley apparently wrote that he would prefer meeting with Sandusky , telling him they knew about another incident in 1998 and offering him professional help . He then suggested notifying Sandusky 's Second Mile charity organization "  at some point " if Sandusky is cooperative , and "  maybe " child welfare officials . Paterno never reported the shower incident to police . "  To his credit , Mr. Paterno stated on November 9 , 2011 , ` With the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more . ' " Freeh added . "  We determined that his decision to do his minimum legal duty and not to do more to follow-up constituted a failure of leadership by Coach Paterno , " the board of trustees said in a report that explained his firing . That decision prompted rioting by Penn State students , who overturned a news van and clashed with police , who used tear gas to break up throngs of angry protesters . Video : Coach K on Joe Paterno Wick Sollers , a lawyer for the Paterno family , said the former head coach "  followed university procedures and promptly and fully informed his superiors . " Spanier , the ousted president , has consistently maintained that he was never informed of any incident involving Sandusky that described sexual abuse or criminality . According to the board of trustees , Spanier was fired in November because "  he failed to meet his leadership responsibilities . " Paterno defended football , Penn State in letter before his death CNN 's Jason Carroll and Ross Levitt contributed to this report	Paterno son says more information will come out later Trustee Kenneth Frazier says the school 's board of trustees is "  deeply ashamed " Scott Paterno says he wishes his father had been more aggressive in following up Sandusky was given emeritus status , which provided greater access to school facilities
CNN  -- There 's a new "  Terminator " on the way -- and this time , he 's guarding Sarah Connor . Entertainment Weekly reports that , as a way of rebooting the successful series , Arnold Schwarzenegger 's T-800 is n't the villain he was in the first film , but closer to the reprogrammed version he was in "  Terminator 2 : Judgment Day . " And Connor is an orphan who 's been raised by T-800 and is n't all that comfortable with the future she 's been told about . "  Since she was 9 years old , she has been told everything that was supposed to happen , " producer David Ellison told EW . "  But Sarah fundamentally rejects that destiny . She says , ` That 's not what I want to do . ' It 's her decision that drives the story in a very different direction . " Emilia Clarke plays Connor and Jai Courtney plays soldier-from-the-future Kyle Reese . In the original "  Terminator , " from 1984 , Reese was sent back in time to defend Connor and ends up the father of the resistance leader he works for , John Connor . "  Terminator : Genisys , " the first of a planned trilogy , is due out July 1 , 2015 .	"  Terminator : Genisys " due in 2015 In new film , Sarah Connor has been raised by T-800 Arnold Schwarzenegger returns as the Terminator
CNN  -- Administration officials have said that neither the U.N. Security Council nor the actions of allies would affect their response to Syria . Apparently producing conclusive evidence to link the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to the use of chemical weapons against the nation 's citizens may not matter either . And yet even a brief review of 25 years of U.S. military action teaches the tragedy of ignoring law and facts . Just two years ago President Barack Obama recognized the need for a U.N. Security Council resolution to allow military action in Libya . Resolution 1973 authorized "  necessary measures " to protect civilians . The resolution was needed because the use of military force is banned by the U.N. Charter unless it is in self-defense to an armed attack , has Security Council authorization , or , perhaps , is taken with the consent of a government fighting an insurgency , as in Afghanistan . Even officials from the George W. Bush administration recognized the need for a Security Council resolution when the United States and United Kingdom invaded Iraq in 2003 . The two nations tried to recycle resolutions from the 1990-1991 Gulf War when it became clear Security Council members would not vote for a new resolution to attack Iraq . The case for war with Iraq was too weak ; Security Council members wanted to give U.N. weapons inspectors more time . Secretary of State Colin Powell also tried to justify the Iraq invasion by referencing NATO 's 1999 intervention in Kosovo , which also went forward without the required Security Council authorization . Authorization had been withheld because the Security Council doubted bombing would get the Serbs to grant Kosovo independence and were not sure who was responsible for some of the conflict 's mass killings . Indeed , rebels have an interest in showing that they are victims in order to draw in assistance . Just a few years before the Kosovo intervention , President George H.W. Bush had declared a new world order under the rule of law . He could point with well-earned pride at how , in the Gulf War , the United States led a worldwide coalition , authorized by Security Council Resolution 678 , to liberate Kuwait -- in 100 hours of combat . The United States received generous assistance to support its military action , with allies sending either troops , material or financial support . That war was fought against Saddam Hussein , the last known leader to have used chemical weapons in war . He used them to suppress Kurdish Iraqis and against Iranian soldiers during the Iran-Iraq War . He likely then used them against his own soldiers to cover up the use against Iranian troops when U.N. weapons inspectors came to investigate Iran 's claims of chemical weapons use . Obama is right to speak against chemical weapons use in the most categorical of terms . But the use of chemical weapons is banned by international law . Responding by violating the international law ban on resorting to force will only undermine America 's standing to condemn the crimes of others . Washington officials should put their prodigious talents and resources to use finding a lawful and effective way to respond to chemical weapons use in Syria and to aid in ending a tragic war without creating more tragedy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Ellen O'Connell .	Mary Ellen O'Connell : U.S. says U.N. approval wo n't affect plans for response to Syria She says ignoring international law , facts can produce tragic results such as Iraq War O'Connell : Obama right to denounce chemical weapons , should n't react outside U.N. law
Amman , Jordan  CNN  ISIS militants have attacked Kirkuk in northern Iraq , an effort that might be an earnest attempt to capture the key oil-rich city or perhaps to divert Kurdish troops fighting to capture the Islamist extremist group 's stronghold of Mosul . For months , ISIS has been facing off with the Peshmerga -- armed fighters who protect Iraqi Kurdistan -- to the west of Kirkuk . It had gone into areas on Kirkuk 's outskirts , but not the central city . Until now , apparently . Heavily armed militants attacked an abandoned hotel in central Kirkuk that local police had used as their headquarters . Peshmerga and Kurdish anti-terror units later raided the hotel , wresting control of it from the militants and killing three of them , according to Peshmerga sources . In addition , two suicide bombers detonated themselves in an attempt to keep the Kurdish forces out . Also Friday , ISIS militants took over Maktab Khalid , an area about 12 miles southwest of Kirkuk , after heavy clashes with the Peshmerga . Among those killed was Brig. Gen. Shirko Fateh , the highest-ranking operational commander of the Peshmerga brigade located in Kirkuk . Photos posted by ISIS purportedly show the group 's militants in control of parts of south and southwest Kirkuk , burning tents that had been used by Peshmerga troops . The U.S. military said Friday that an ISIS chemical weapons expert was killed during a coalition strike late last week . Abu Malik worked in Saddam Hussein 's chemical weapons program before joining al Qaeda in 2005 , U.S. Central Command said . He was killed January 24 near Mosul . "  His death is expected to temporarily degrade and disrupt the terrorist network and diminish  ISIS '  ability to potentially produce and use chemical weapons against innocent people , " the military said . There is no public evidence that ISIS has a dedicated weapons of mass destruction program . But U.S. Central Command said : "  His past training and experience provided the terrorist group with expertise to pursue a chemical weapons capability . " Kirkuk is a strategically important city in the months-long fight , one that has pitted ISIS against the Peshmerga , Iraqi government troops and an international coalition that has carried out airstrikes against the terrorist group . It is one of the few notable cities -- apart from the region of Kurdistan and its capital , Irbil -- in northern Iraq that have n't fallen to ISIS . Part of its significance stems from the fact its oil reserves are almost as much as those in southern Iraq . The Kurds and the central Iraqi government in Baghdad have long wrangled over control of those reserves , with each side wanting to keep hold of them . ISIS , which relies heavily on revenue from oil smuggling to fund its operations , has been coveting them , too . Peshmerga forces took over the Kirkuk area in June when the Iraqi army crumbled in the face of ISIS ' advances and have played a vital role in defending it from ISIS since . In December , ISIS claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack there that killed at least 17 people and injured more than 20 . The attack , according to ISIS , was meant to send a message to the Kurdish people and Peshmerga fighters . Still , Kirkuk is hardly the only place that has seen recent fighting -- which may be part of ISIS ' rationale for Friday 's attack there . The group has been fending off an offensive from Peshmerga fighters around Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city and a focal point for all sides in the conflict , that has left the Sunni extremist group on its heels . The city of 1.5 million people on the Tigris River has been held by ISIS since June . ISIS has invested heavily in governing the city . Its leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , pronounced his leadership of the caliphate at the Grand Mosque there in July . Kurdish officials say that as long as ISIS holds Mosul , it threatens Kurdistan . Likewise , neither the government in Baghdad nor its coalition partners can rest while terrorists occupy Iraq 's second-largest city . Peshmerga forces have made steady progress against ISIS north and west of Mosul over the past two months . They have taken some 3,000 square kilometers  1,160 square miles  of the Sinjar area , as well as the area around the Mosul Dam , choking off access routes and threatening ISIS ' main resupply routes . There 's little doubt , though , that ISIS remains a very real force , and threat , in much of Iraq . The group , which calls itself the Islamic State , still controls a vast swath of that Middle Eastern nation and neighboring Syria . Its goal is to have a vast caliphate under its strict version of Sharia law , with its followers proving they will stop at nothing -- having been blamed for the large-scale killings of civilians , mass kidnappings and forcing women and girls to become sex slaves -- during its quest . That violent campaign continued Friday , and not just in Kirkuk . Dozens of gunmen believed to be from ISIS faced off Friday morning about 175 miles  285 kilometers  away in central Ramadi , police and health officials in that city said . Several hours later , that onslaught had been foiled and 20 gunmen were dead , according to the officials . Elsewhere in Ramadi , a suicide car bomb explosion at an Iraqi army checkpoint killed one soldier and wounded six others . Violence flared in other parts of Iraq as well that , while it has n't been tied to ISIS , is further proof of the country 's unsettled state . Six explosions went off Friday around Baghdad , leaving at least seven dead and 23 wounded , according to police officials . The deadliest such blast was in Bab Al Sharji , a busy commercial area in central Baghdad , leaving three dead and 10 hurt . Hope fades for ISIS captives as deadline passes CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Amman and Yousuf Basil from Atlanta , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Greg Botelho , Tim Lister and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	U.S. military says chemical weapons expert killed in airstrike near Mosul last week Officials : Iraqi forces fend off ISIS fighters in Ramadi Militants have taken over an area southwest of the city of Kirkuk
CNN  -- When Piers Morgan pointed out that "  Vicious " Victor Ortiz will be "  facing a guy that has beaten just about everyone that 's come in front of him , " the boxing champ told the CNN host , "  Fear does n't even exist in my dictionary anymore . It was one of those things where my upbringing alone got rid of all that . " Morgan was referring to Ortiz 's upcoming September 17 bout with "  Pretty Boy " Floyd Mayweather . Ortiz and his mentor , boxing great Oscar de la Hoya , are guests on Wednesday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Abandoned by his mother at the age of 8 , Ortiz was left to essentially raise his younger brother when his father walked out of the family 's Kansas home four years later . "  It was my brother and I just roaming around like two strays , you know , " said Ortiz . Ortiz took care of his brother , who is two years younger , day in and day out and even put him through college . "  He and I had each other 's back usually , " said Ortiz . "  Like , you know , like two brothers would . " Interestingly enough , once Ortiz became famous , his parents did not seek him out . "  I actually went out of my way to find both of my parents , " said Ortiz , who told Morgan that he traveled to Kansas and "  asked around everywhere , " in order to track down his dad . When he finally found the elder Ortiz , the World Boxing Council Welterweight Champion of the World said that his father was still "  very intimidating , " and that he resisted the urge to ask the man why he 'd abandoned his family . "  I was just like , ` Hey , Dad , you know what ? I did your job and my brother and I grew up . " Morgan asked Ortiz , 24 , if he feels that his opponent holds a psychological advantage over him . Mayweather has won 10 world titles and is undefeated as a professional boxer . Mayweather , however , has n't stepped in the ring in over a year , while Ortiz has fought five fights in that time . "  I 'm not really sure how the balance lies , " answered Ortiz . "  But that 's one thing that I 'm willing to put aside , because I want the best pound for pound , Floyd Mayweather to arrive , September the 17th , across the ring from me . " Morgan asked 10-time world champion and Olympic medalist Oscar de la Hoya , who was defeated by Mayweather in 2007 , what kind of man Mayweather is to fight . "  He is a great fighter , " said de la Hoya . "  He is the best pound for pound fighter in the world today . He is great for the sport . He has done great things for boxing . And , you know , on September 17th , Victor is going to face the best . And , you know , there 's no excuses whatsoever . "  But when I fought him , I mean you can say that I was over the hill . I was an old 35 years old when I faced him . He beat me , yes , hands down . There 's no doubt about that . I congratulate him . " De la Hoya alluded to the possibility of Mayweather , who at 34 is 10 years Ortiz 's senior , passing the torch on to Ortiz , who de la Hoya believes "  will be one of the greats . " Does de la Hoya believe he 'd beat Ortiz if the pair got into the ring today ? "  Let me put it this way , " de la Hoya told Morgan . "  If I was at my prime and -- and Victor is at his prime -- it would be one hell of a fight , that 's for sure . Maybe a draw . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Victor Ortiz and Floyd Mayweather face each other in the ring on September 17 The bout will air on HBO Pay-Per-View live from the MGM in Las Vegas Boxing legend Oscar de la Hoya is Ortiz 's mentor Mayweather stands undefeated as a professional boxer
CNN  -- The Bangladeshi capital Dhaka was transformed into a wall of noise and color Thursday as a lavish ceremony officially opened the Cricket World Cup . A spectacular four-hour performance at the Bangabandhu Stadium showcased the cricket-crazy culture of the country , which is hosting the tournament along with south Asian neighbors India and Sri Lanka . The ceremony included 3,500 performers as the captain of each participating nation was introduced to the crowd via the traditional mode of transport , a rickshaw . Canadian pop star Bryan Adams took part in the festivities , along with Bangladesh singer Runa Laila and Sonu Nigam from India . CNN blog : Cricket fever builds in Bangladesh The city of Mirpur plays host to the first of 49 games over the six-week tournament on Friday as World Cup favorites India take on Bangladesh . The last edition , in the Caribbean in 2007 , was criticized for being complicated to follow and going on too long . Australia retained their title in the West Indies , and are aiming to win a fourth straight World Cup this time around . The International Cricket Council 's  ICC  president Sharad Pawar told the crowd he was confident the 2011 installment would be the finest yet . "  Today is a historic day when the people of Bangladesh join India and Sri Lanka together to host the ICC Cricket World Cup , and make this tournament the most memorable yet , " he said . "  The ICC Cricket World Cup , our flagship event , provides the stage on which players have the rare opportunity to create legend and to write their own chapter in the history of this great sport . "  The greatest cricketers in the world will grace this event and I am sure that their ability , whether with bat or ball , will provide excitement and enjoyment for all cricket lovers . " Bangladesh 's prime minister , Sheikh Hasina , hailed a momentous day for her country . "  We feel greatly privileged to co-host the cricket extravaganza in our beautiful country , " she said . "  I congratulate my cricket-loving countrymen for their great enthusiasm and cooperation to make this event a grand success . " Prior to the opening ceremony the ICC announced its disappointment that Salman Butt , Pakistan 's former captain who was banned from the game for corruption , was to appear as a pundit covering the World Cup . ICC chief executive , Haroon Lorgat , said he was "  not satisfied " by Butt 's role on a Pakistani television channel and would seek to clarify whether he is in breach of the terms of his ban . It was also confirmed that players and officials would be banned from using their mobile phones during matches , to prevent them updating sites like Twitter . New penalties were introduced for anyone found to break the new rules .	Lavish ceremony officially opens 2011 Cricket World Cup in Dhaka Bangladesh , Sri Lanka and India will host the tournament The six-week competition is due to stage a total of 49 games Australia aiming for fourth straight World Cup success
The attorney for a 14-year-old Florida girl charged with aggravated stalking that allegedly led to the suicide of a 12-year-old classmate told CNN that her client is n't responsible for a controversial Facebook post that led to the suspect 's arrest . Police on Monday arrested two girls , ages 14 and 12 , in connection with the death of Rebecca Sedwick , who jumped from the top of an abandoned concrete plant last month . Authorities said the 14-year-old girl was Rebecca 's chief tormenter , and the girl posted a taunting message Saturday on the Internet about what had happened . "  Yes IK I bullied REBECCA nd she killed her self but IDGAF , " the Facebook post read . Grady Judd , sheriff of Polk County , Florida , said the online vernacular meant "  I do n't give a  expletive  . " The 14-year-old 's lawyer , Andrea DeMichael , told CNN her client "  says that this is not as clear cut as it seems . " The girl denies she stalked Rebecca and she has n't accessed Facebook recently , DeMichael said . The girls , minors who are not being named by CNN , were charged with aggravated stalking . Rebecca 's mother called the arrests the best birthday present her daughter , who would have turned 13 this weekend , could have received . "  Because justice is finally being served , " Tricia Norman told CNN . "  Something 's finally being done about these girls that are bullying her . That 's all she ever wanted was somebody to listen and do something about it . " It all started with a boy The intense bullying that authorities say led to Rebecca 's suicide stemmed from a dispute between her and a former classmate over a boy they had both dated , police said Tuesday . After the Facebook post Saturday , police contacted the suspects and their parents and asked them to come in , according to DeMichael , who advised her client not to do so . Judd said his office acted after the taunting post . "  She forced this arrest , " Judd said of the 14-year-old 's alleged decision to post the message . He said investigators do n't believe her Facebook account was compromised . Parents , beware of bullying on sites you 've never seen Judd sent detectives to arrest her and a 12-year-old friend at their homes . They were booked Monday , and the 12-year-old was released to her parents , Judd said . The 14-year-old made her first court appearance Tuesday and was being kept at a juvenile detention facility . Friends have a falling out According to Judd , the girl was upset that Rebecca had once dated her current boyfriend and began bullying and harassing her more than a year ago when they were both students at a Florida middle school . In addition to sending harassing messages over the Internet , the girl physically attacked Rebecca at least once , Judd said . She also recruited the girl 's former best friend -- the 12-year-old charged Monday -- to bully her , Judd said . DeMichael disputed there was any harassment or fight . She said the 14-year-old and Rebecca did have a falling out over the boy , and there was some "  back and forth " at school between the former friends , but the girl never threatened Rebecca . "  She was actually upset at what happened to the victim , " DeMichael said . Are we too quick to cry ` bully ' ? ` I 'm jumping ' Among the online messages that drove Rebecca to jump to her death were , "  You should die " and "  why do n't you go kill yourself ? " Judd said . The night before Rebecca killed herself , authorities say , she messaged a boy she had befriended online , writing , "  I 'm jumping . I ca n't take it anymore . " Judd , clearly upset about the incident , expressed frustration that neither girl 's parents were willing to bring them in for questioning . He said he was astonished to find out that the 14-year-old in the case was still being allowed to post to the Internet after what had happened . He said he would charge the child 's parents if he could , but said investigators were aware of no "  obvious charges " against them . "  I 'm aggravated that the parents are n't doing what they are supposed to be doing , " he said . Norman said she blamed the parents of the two girls and the staff at the middle school . She and Rebecca reported the bullying to the school , she said . While bullying was not in itself against the law , Judd said , the girls ' actions allegedly harassing Rebecca in school and online formed the basis for the stalking charge . He did not expect any other charges would be filed . No court date has yet been set for the girls , who Judd said will probably not see any time in juvenile detention because they have no previous criminal records and the charge is a class-three felony , one step up from a misdemeanor under Florida law . Had Rebecca been 17 or older , he said , authorities could have filed nothing more than misdemeanor charges . He implored parents to take more responsibility for the actions of their children online . "  We 've lost sleep over that child dying needlessly , and we want to see things change , " he said . "  We want to never , ever , ever investigate a case like that again . " Boy asks Santa to make kids stop bullying his sister	Attorney for 14-year-old suspect says client denies charge , did n't use Facebook Mother of victim , who killed herself last month , blames girls ' parents , school Suspect detained after court , while a 12-year-old is released to parents Sheriff says no charges for parents
CNN Student News  -- February 17 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Afghanistan  Iran Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : This Wednesday , February 17th , CNN Student News begins with a big story out of southeast Asia . I 'm Carl Azuz , reporting from the CNN Center in Atlanta ! First Up : Taliban Leader Arrested AZUZ : First up : What could be a major defeat for the Taliban . Pakistani officials say the Taliban 's second-highest leader has been arrested . Details , right after some fast facts on the Taliban : This is a militant organization that used to control Afghanistan . It allowed the al Qaeda terrorist group to live and train there . A U.S. led coalition knocked the Taliban out of power in late 2001 , after the September 11th attacks on America . Now , Pakistani intelligence says Taliban leader Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar was caught several days ago in Pakistan , which borders eastern Afghanistan . Baradar 's capture could be a huge victory for the U.S. because America has been hunting him for years and he could have some incredibly valuable information about both the Taliban and al Qaeda terrorists . American officials are saying this could be a turning point in the war in Afghanistan . But there is a hitch : the Taliban deny that Baradar 's been caught . They say he 's still working for them and that reports of his arrest are designed to hurt the Taliban 's morale . That is important to them right now because America , along with other coalition forces , are currently fighting the Taliban in southern Afghanistan . In the town of Marjah , a stronghold of the Taliban , U.S.-led forces are making progress . Marines took over a police headquarters there yesterday . New Nuclear Power Plant U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : We are announcing roughly $ 8 billion in loan guarantees to break ground on the first new nuclear plant in our country in three decades . AZUZ : And it would be an expansion of this nuclear facility in the eastern part of Georgia . The Obama administration claims the two , new nuclear reactors would create more than 3,000 construction jobs and 850 permanent jobs at the nuclear plant . The White House also says the power it would generate would be enough for more than half a million homes . Republican leaders , including both of Georgia 's senators , like this idea . Sen. Saxby Chambliss says it 's a step in the right direction , adding , the power generated by the Burke County Facility -- that 's the one that 's already there -- is safe , reliable , emissions-free and environmentally responsible . But some Democrats are against it , along with nuclear power critics . One of those , energy analyst Ben Schreiber , says , "  The last thing Americans want is another government bailout for a failing industry . " Schreiber went on to call nuclear power "  unsafe and dirty . " Iran 's Warning AZUZ : Iran 's nuclear plan is worrying diplomats at the United Nations . And Iran 's leader is warning the U.N. Security Council not to punish his Middle Eastern nation for its nuclear program . At a news conference yesterday , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said he wants the U.N. to "  move in the spirit of cooperation . " But if it does n't , he says Iran would react in a way that would put the U.N. to shame . To the international community , those are very unwelcome words . The U.N. wants Iran to stop enriching uranium , because enriched uranium could help Iran make an illegal , nuclear weapon . Iran continues to argue its program would be used only to help provide power to civilians . The global community does n't believe it . Cybersecurity AZUZ : There are attacks going on in the U.S. that most people never hear about probably because most of the time , they fail . We 're talking about cyber attacks . And many times , they come from other countries , testing our electronic systems -- they might target cell phone companies , power companies , Internet companies . Yesterday , a panel of former government workers got together in a cyber-attack drill to work on ways the U.S. could react to a large-scale , cyber attack . What they hope to get out of this are ideas : suggestions they could take to the Obama administration on how to improve the electronic systems that so many of us rely on day-to-day . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to the students of Pikeville High School in Pikeville , Kentucky ! Which of these rulers was known as "  the boy king " ? You know what do to ! Was it : A  King Henry VIII , B  Genghis Khan , C  Alexander the Great OR D  King Tut ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The ancient Egyptian King Tutankhamen is "  the boy king " ; he took over at around age 10 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! King Tut Findings AZUZ : So we know he was young when he took over , that he died young in his late teens , and that King Tut ruled for about 10 years , starting in around 1336 B.C. . But there is so much more we do not know , like how he died . Well , there 's a new report out , based on King Tut 's DNA . It 's being published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association and it could fill in some blanks . The report suggests that the boy king died of complications from a broken leg along with malaria , a disease of flu-like symptoms carried by mosquitos . He also had a form of scoliosis and foot disease : health problems that researchers believe ran in his family . Hip-Hop Orchestra AZUZ : Hip-hop and classical : Two musical genres that do n't seem to go together . But the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra and hip-hop artist A. Leon Craft mixed it up recently . It 's part of the orchestra 's work to promote the arts in school curriculum as well as try something new and novel . Take a listen . Hear for yourself how it came together and how it sounded . BEGIN VIDEO UNIDENTIFIED MALE : The Atlanta Symphony Orchestra . "  808 BLAKE " GERMAN , SMKA PRODUCTIONS : Classical music , it gets kind of the rap that it 's , you know , old-timey and boring and that it 's for an older generation . It 's really the basis of how a lot of the music today is put together . The chance to work for a symphony to me is extraordinary . A. LEON CRAFT , RAPPER -LSB- RAPPING -RSB- : Use it to escape ... . JERE FLINT , CONDUCTOR , ATLANTA SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA : Well , I think this is our first venture into hip-hop . By blending the two , I think that we reach really a kind of a broad expansive of audiences . We took basically a sampling of a piece . GERMAN : Gave me "  Hoe-Down " by Copeland . I took the sample and I slowed it down , which kind of gave it this sort of feel right here . And I took it , chopped it up , and kind of looped it again , and then I added a second part right here . I usually start layering it with instrumentation , so , and the guitar kind of gives it that laid-back , just good-feeling vibe to it . As is with hip-hop , you know , you 've got to have , this is the , that snap is what , the fact that it kind of gets you really bobbing your head . Kind of really feeling the music right there . What really drives it is this . Once we got the music together , then we brought in A. Leon Craft to do , to bring in and do the lyrics for us . CRAFT -LSB- RAPPING -RSB- : Music , yes , feel good , music . CRAFT : The hood goes , music is my life . GROUP -LSB- SINGING -RSB- : Music is my life . CRAFT -LSB- RAPPING -RSB- : The base clef and treble clef carries me away . CRAFT : I 'm , like , I 'm lost in the music . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE -LSB- SINGING -RSB- : On a beat like maestro . CRAFT -LSB- SINGING -RSB- : Music is my life . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE -LSB- SINGING -RSB- : It 's with me everywhere . It 's in my soul . CRAFT -LSB- RAPPING -RSB- : Music , yes , feel good music . So I got to make you feel good . CRAFT : I 'm singing and rapping in front of the orchestra while , you know , the conductor is conducting the music , like , it 's , wow . CRAFT -LSB- RAPPING -RSB- : Whether you appreciate my musical past . Everything in life has a rhythm , has emotion . Through emotion music will infinitely last . FLINT : It was just fascinating . A fascinating piece of work . Whether it 's , whether it will last as a real art form or genre or just as an experiment , I ca n't tell . But it was fun to do it . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : It was very fun . I am , I 'm a big fan of hip-hop . I like to dance a lot . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Very fun . I really enjoyed it . CRAFT -LSB- RAPPING -RSB- : Oh how I love my music CRAFT : Thank you so much . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Facebook , tomorrow , 7:00 p.m. Eastern , 4:00 p.m. Pacific : Be there . I will be live at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews , answering your questions . They could be questions for me , questions about the show . You know where to find us : Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , picture an igloo . Maybe one of those domed rooms of ice blocks with a little crawl space to get inside . Now picture a luxury igloo . Because what else would you call a spacious , four-room , iced house wired for a sound system , fired for warmth with a wheelbarrow , and , oh yes , a flat-screen TV . It 's taken since about New Year 's to finish the thing , but it 's no doubt the coolest home you 'll ever see . Goodbye AZUZ : ... though to live there , you 'd have to be an ig-lunatic . I can see your class from here , and I can feel your cold stares . Hopefully , you 'll warm back up to us by tomorrow . I 'm Carl Azuz for CNN Student News .	Take note of what could be a major blow to Taliban militants Unravel part of the mystery surrounding a legendary boy king Lend your ear to a sound that blends classical and hip-hop Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran has put the stoning sentence of a woman convicted of adultery and murder "  on hold , " Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast told state-run Press TV on Wednesday . While the statement did not differ greatly from previous , sometimes contradictory reports from the Iranian government about the fate of the woman , Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , it did indicate continued attention to the murder aspect of her case . "  The sentencing of Ms. Ashtiani for adultery has been stopped and  her case  is being reviewed again , and her sentencing for complicity in murder is in process , " Mehmanparast said . Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 and sentenced to death by stoning , but her son and human rights activists urged help for her this summer , prompting an international outcry . There have been conflicting reports about the murder charge , which relates to the death of Ashtiani 's husband . Ashtiani 's previous lawyer , Mohammad Mostafaei , said last month his client had been sentenced to death for the crime but that the sentence was commuted because the victim 's family forgave her . Ashtiani , however , told the British newspaper The Guardian last month that she was acquitted of the murder in 2006 . Ashtiani , who spoke to the newspaper through an intermediary , said the man who actually killed her husband was identified and imprisoned for the crime . Mehmanparast said those concerned about Ashtiani 's condition should have some consideration for the family of the victim , according to Press TV . "  Defending a person on trial for murder should not be turned into a human rights matter , " Mehmanparast said . Ashtiani gave an interview to state-run TV last month in which she said she knew about a plot to kill her husband but that she had not taken it seriously at the time . "  The man entered my life and fooled me with his words and said let 's kill my husband , " she said in the interview , which was criticized by human rights groups . "  He fooled me and said I 'll do this for you , what a bad husband , I 'll take care of you . He was my husband 's cousin , and he said things about my husband . "  Then I realized , when I went to prison , he had a criminal record and that this was his third criminal record , and when he said we should kill my husband , I could n't even believe him or that my husband would die , I thought he was joking , that he had lost his mind . "  When my husband 's mother was at our house one day and I went to get her medicine , I saw him there with all the tools he had bought , including electrical tools , wires and gloves . Then he killed my husband by connecting him to electricity with the electrical wires . He had told me beforehand to send my kids to their grandmother 's house . " The prosecutor of East Azerbaijan Province , Malek Ajdar Sharifi , said on the same program that "  the deceased was given an injection to fall asleep by his wife , then the man arrived and put him into the bath and put two electrical lines on his body and killed the deceased . " The human rights group Amnesty International criticized the interview , saying Ashtiani may have been coerced . CNN 's Gena Somra contributed to this report .	Iran has made previous , similar statements amid international outcry This statement indicates continued attention to her murder conviction The Iranian Foreign Ministry says the sentencing for murder is ` in process '
Almost one year after water for more than 300,000 West Virginia residents was contaminated because of a chemical spill , six former officials for the company responsible for the leak are facing federal charges . Seven-thousand gallons of a toxic chemical called MCHM leaked into the Elk River in West Virginia river on January 9 , 1 1/2 miles upstream from a water treatment facility . The Elk River supplies the city of Charleston with water . A do-not-use order was issued to 300,000 residents , some of whom could not drink or bathe in their water for more than a week . The chemical MCHM is commonly used in the coal mining industry for cleaning , and was kept in tanks next to the river by the company Freedom Industries Inc. . Several holes were found in the tank that leaked into the river . The Freedom Industries president at the time was Gary Southern , 53 , who was indicted on charges of negligent discharge of a pollutant in violation of the Clean Water Act , among other alleged violations . He also faces separate federal charges of wire and bankruptcy fraud . If convicted on all charges , he could face nearly 70 years in prison . Three former owners of Freedom Industries were also indicted . Dennis P. Farrell , 58 , William E. Tis , 60 , and Charles E. Herzing , 63 , were indicted on charges of negligent discharge of a pollutant and negligent discharge of refuse matter . They face up to three years in prison . The indictment for Southern , Farrell , Tis and Herzing alleged that their company failed to make sure the tank holding MCHM was inspected for cracks and to keep it maintained . The indictment alleges that these four men approved funding "  only for those projects that would result in increased business revenue for Freedom , or that were immediately necessary for required equipment maintenance . " Two other men who worked for Freedom Industries at the time -- Michael Burdette and Robert Reynolds -- also face charges that they violated the Clean Water Act . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the Department of Justice was committed to vigorously enforcing the Clean Water Act . " ... The conditions at the Freedom Industries facility were not only grievously unacceptable , but unlawful , " Holder said in the statement . "  They put an entire population needlessly at risk . " An attorney for Southern , Robert Allen , said it was inappropriate for U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of West Virginia Booth Goodwin to prosecute this case , because he , his colleagues and family were affected by the water contamination . "  If my family 's a victim , how can I prosecute somebody for causing that spill or allegedly causing that spill ? " Allen said . "  How can I be fair or impartial ? " Goodwin said he would address Allen 's concern "  in due course . " Steve Jory , an attorney for both Tis and Herzing , said they hired experts to make sure the company complied with environmental regulations and were not owners of Freedom Industries at the time of the leak .	Freedom Industries Inc. tank leaked into Elk River a year ago Then-company president , five others are charged in incident Justice Department says they violated the Clean Water Act
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Dumisani Rebombo is no ordinary advocate for women 's rights in South Africa . He is a rapist . He is a rapist who sought out his victim two decades after his brutal act to ask for forgiveness . He is all this in a nation where sexual assault has become so common that a woman in South Africa is more likely to be raped than learn to read . Sexual assaults rarely shock anyone anymore , though a video of a brutal gang rape of a mentally disabled teenager went viral on the Internet last month . That touched a nerve . As the young suspects face their day in court , Rebombo spoke with CNN to tell his own story -- an extraordinary tale of violence , redemption and determination to change things in his homeland . Rebombo was 15 when he raped . The boys in his village of Blinkwater taunted him because he did n't herd cattle and instead went home to help his sisters . He did n't have a girlfriend . "  Sissy , " the village boys jeered , and challenged him to prove his manhood . The way to do that was by having sex . Forced sex . Rebombo had refused until that day , when he gave in to peer pressure . He recounts what happened in a quiet , steady tone . Two of his friends picked out a girl . They said she thought she was smarter than the boys ; she did n't date anyone . Rebombo and his friends would set her straight . "  I was afraid because I 'd never had sex before , " Rebombo says . At 5 o'clock in the evening , he met his friends , drank beer , smoked marijuana . Then it started . The first boy raped her ; then the second . She was screaming . It was Rebombo 's turn . After it was over , he felt terrible , wracked with guilt and scared that his parents would find out . He says he never gave a thought about how the victim was feeling . "  It 's because when the environment accepts that behavior as a norm , you do n't pay to much attention to it , " he says . The South African police say there were 66,196 cases of rape in 2010-2011 . But many believe that number is much higher because many rapes go unreported . The girl Rebombo raped never reported what happened and Rebombo was never charged . She never even spoke about it with anyone . She was too scared of the consequences , Rebombo says . A Medical Research Council study found that 28 percent of men in South Africa reported having perpetrated rape ; three-quarters of first-time rapists are like Rebombo -- under the age of 20 . "  This violence , there is violence elsewhere in the world , but you do n't see the staggering numbers of rapes that are seen here in South Africa , " Rebombo says . He is glad , he adds , that South Africans are finally talking about it . Asking for forgiveness Rebombo eventually left his village in Limpopo Province and joined first a religious organization and later an aid agency . He learned about respecting others but strangely , he says , he rarely thought about the girl he raped . Years passed and Rebombo started working at a gender equality organization , where he spoke with rape victims about the different emotional stages they went through . That 's when he thought about his victim . She did not even have an opportunity to seek counseling . Rebombo began feeling the need to make amends for his actions . He spoke to a pastor about going to see her . The pastor told him there was no need , that he was young and boys will be boys . Rebombo went back anyway . He was too nervous to go to her house . She was married now . What would her husband think ? How would he react ? So he arranged to meet her in the village clinic . Rapist and victim sat down together . "  I 'm sorry , " he told her . Tears welled in her eyes . Rebombo did not know what to do . He simply stood before her . "  My life has never been the same , " she told him . She told him she had been raped twice more . Sometimes , she said , when her husband touches her , she cringes , even though she is happy with him . She suffers nightmares . She felt her life was dysfunctional because of Rebombo 's actions . He asked for forgiveness . She told him she thought he meant well . She would try to get the bitterness out of her heart . "  I felt guilt , " he says . "  I was embarrassed but also angry at myself that I went on with my life when she was living in misery . " ' A huge monster ' A woman is raped every 26 seconds in South Africa , according to People Opposing Women Abuse , a nonprofit group for the eradication of gender violence . Rape is part of a greater environment of crime -- police reported nearly 16,000 murders last year . The high rates of sexual violence have been explained in many ways . Some say it is a legacy of apartheid and the country 's strong culture of violence . "  There 's a long history of violence , " women 's rights activist Lisa Vetten tells CNN . "  There 's a long history of responding to conflict in a violent manner , of trying to solve problems through using violence . "  We also have , I think , a long history of patriarchy , of not recognizing women 's rights fully , of not recognizing them necessarily as being full human beings in full -- and having all the rights of men necessarily do , " Vetten says . Some activists say apartheid is just a convenient excuse . Jackie Branfield , a rape victim turned activist , asks how anyone can blame history for the acts of the seven youths suspected in the videotaped gang rape . "  You ca n't blame apartheid here , " she says on CNN . "  You ca n't even blame the government . You ca n't blame anybody but our society for this type of violence . "  It 's just that they are doing it because they can , " she says , blaming what she called inefficient , understaffed and under-resourced police departments , courts and hospitals . A Doctors Without Borders report says some have blamed an "  inadequate criminal justice system , which often fails to convict , and therefore deter , perpetrators . " It also mentioned alcohol and drug abuse and said lack of adequate housing and electricity make victims more vulnerable . Rebombo , now married and settled in Mpupalanga , near the city of Durban , works for Sonke Gender Justice Network as the national manager of a "  One Man Can , " a project to promote healthy relationships between men and women . As such , he is out to change the national mind-set so that men will no longer think it cool to disrespect women . Violent acts must stop , he says . So must the silence of men who witness such acts . "  It 's a huge monster we need to deal with , " he says . He lives every day with that monster -- and the words of his victim . "  Please teach your son not to do what you did to me . " She did not know that Rebombo has a son , who is now 28 . He tells his son as well as his two daughters many things about ending gender-based violence . Respect everyone . Stick to one partner . Drink responsibly . His list is long . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse reported from Johannesburg and Moni Basu from Atlanta .	Gender equity activist Dumisani Rebombo raped a girl when he was 15 He returned to see her 20 years later to ask for forgiveness Sexual violence is common in South Africa
CNN  If you want him to stay , you 're going to have to pay Sly Stone . That 's the $ 5 million message from jurors in California regarding the soul-funk music icon , known for classic Sly and the Family Stone hits such as "  Everyday People , " "  If You Want Me to Stay , " "  Dance to the Music " and "  Family Affair . " On Tuesday , a Los Angeles Superior Court civil jury found for Stone in his breach-of-contract lawsuit against Even St. Productions , manager Jerry Goldstein and attorney Glenn Stone , awarding him $ 5 million in royalties and damages . "  This is one for the good guys , " Los Angles trial lawyer Nicholas Hornberger said . "  These people cheated him and took all his money . " In his lawsuit , Stone  whose legal name is Sylvester Stewart  alleged that Goldstein and Glenn Stone "  without the permission of Sly Stone , have received , borrowed , and continue to receive millions of dollars in royalties or derived from royalties , " according to the Los Angeles Times . "  They would give him a little money so he would sign stuff , " Hornberger said . "  They had him sign all sorts of complicated contracts he would never understand , and he just wanted to make music . They just wanted his royalties . " By 2011 , Stone was reportedly homeless , living out of a van . He had sued Goldstein in 2010 , accusing him of stealing his royalties . Attorney Gregory Bodell , who represents Goldstein and Glenn Stone , said his clients plan to appeal . "  We are disappointed with the verdict , and we believe the jury did n't understand " all of the evidence , Bodell said . "  It 's plain to me from the jury award , evidence and other information I 've received subsequently " that the jury miscalculated the verdict , he said . It 's not clear how long it would take the singer to collect the entire jury award , given the other side 's plans to appeal . However , Hornberger says the court has control of $ 2 million or $ 3 million in royalties paid out during the lawsuit because they were deposited with the court . He said he expects the court to rule on future royalties and other matters within a month or two .	Music icon Sly Stone wins a $ 5 million jury verdict Jury found Stone was owed royalties and damages by former manager , attorney Sly and the Family Stone were known for hits like "  Everyday People "
CNN  -- A New York businessman says Tampa , Florida , socialite Jill Kelley asked him for an $ 80 million commission if she used her influence to win a South Korean business contract . Kelley , who triggered an FBI investigation that led to the resignation of CIA Director David Petraeus , claimed she was a high-level representative of the South Korean government , says the businessman , Adam Victor . In reality , according to the South Korean Foreign Ministry , Kelley holds a simple honorary title -- "  special consul " -- which boasts no official responsibilities . With the prospect of a commission on a $ 4 billion deal to provide natural gas , Kelley "  tried to sell herself as something she was not , " Victor , president of TransGas Development Systems , told CNN . "  I told her she was crazy . " It 's not the only time Kelley has claimed to have privileges because of a special diplomatic status . On Sunday , she called 911 complaining that a man she did n't know was on her property , describing herself as an "  honorary consul general " with "  inviolability . " A spokesman for Kelley did not return CNN 's phone calls seeking comment . Although there have been no allegations of wrongdoing , it 's among the latest twists in a story with possibly troubling ramifications on several levels , including , potentially , national security . Pillow talk : A spy agency 's ` worst nightmare ' Kelley came under public scrutiny after Petraeus quit last week , admitting his extramarital affair with his biographer , Paula Broadwell . Anonymous e-mails sent to Kelley prompted her to alert the FBI , which eventually uncovered the affair . Kelley has close ties to several high-ranking military figures , including Petraeus and Gen. John Allen , commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Living not far from MacDill , home of the U.S. Central Command , or CENTCOM , Kelley and her husband , Scott , a doctor , hosted parties attended by high-ranking military officials . She even took part in a Special Operations Command-sponsored parachute dive , the Army said . An $ 80 million commission would have been helpful to the Kelleys . She and her husband have struggled with financial troubles , according to public records . Their Tampa-area home , which was purchased in 2004 for $ 1.5 million , has been the subject of foreclosure proceedings since April 2010 . Records show a total of 11 lawsuits involving the Kelleys . Kelley is well-connected to the local military culture . In October 2010 , she took part in a parachute skydive organized by the U.S. Special Operations Command . The jump was part of a program that "  reached out " to members of Tampa 's civilian community and the media , a command spokesman said . Hosting foreign guests was not unusual for the Kelleys , a high-ranking former CENTCOM military officer said . In a May 14 e-mail obtained by CNN , Kelley invites Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn to join her at her home for dinner with "  a group of VIP 's visiting from Afghanistan , Pakistan and Napal ,  sic  here by the authority of the State Department . ... " Read Kelley 's e-mails Many guests at Kelley 's parties were foreign liaison officers attached to the so-called Coalition Village at MacDill 's sprawling compound , the source said . Most of those foreign liaisons were not cleared for sensitive classified access to military documents . "  They frankly did n't have a lot to do , " the former officer said , "  and looked forward to the parties given by the Kelleys . " While the Kelleys opened their mansion to military brass , perhaps understandably , they have n't been as welcoming to members of the news media parked outside . Kelley complained about it in an e-mail obtained by CNN that was sent to Buckhorn at 5:57 a.m. Tuesday . "  Bob , " wrote Kelley , "  Hope all is well . Can you help out with the obstruction by the paparazzi , since they 're blocking our alley , our driveway and continue to trespass on my property . My kids are scared , and need their ` home ' back . " Another e-mail from Kelley complained about Tampa police releasing recordings of her 911 calls last weekend . " ... my family has been put through the ringer and my kids are scared , " Kelley wrote in the e-mail . "  And to put insult to injury , your police dept. gave the local 911 tapes to the press ! My home address and cell phone number is played on them . I have been receiving threats all night , by people that now have my cell phone number . I can not understand why your dept. would release my address and cell number and make me and my daughters in harms way . " Although 911 recordings released by officials often include caller phone numbers and addresses , most major news organizations do not release that information as part of the recordings . Another fact that has emerged is that Kelley visited the White House complex three times since September 28 , once for a tour with her family and twice for courtesy meals in its cafeteria with her sister and a White House staffer , a White House official said Friday . The staffer met the family during a visit to MacDill Air Force Base , the military installation near where the Kelleys live . The Petraeus scandal : What we know so far	Kelley visited the White House three times between September and November Businessman : Woman who triggered Petraeus probe offered to influence South Korean deal He says Jill Kelley claimed to be a high-level South Korean government representative Kelley went skydiving with a Special Operations Command team , military says
CNN  Seeing a rainbow often fills people with a sense of joy , regardless of whether it is their first or 19th time witnessing the colorful creation . Rainbow Gatherings -- annual events that take place throughout the world -- encompass a vibrant mixture of the environment and people to produce a similar feeling of excitement . Photographer Matjaz Krivic 's "  Somewhere Under the Rainbow " series was shot over 19 years at Rainbow Gatherings in various countries . According to Krivic , the meaning behind the name of the events originates from an ancient Hopi Native American prophecy about "  Rainbow Warriors . " Rainbow Gatherings involve a temporary community of people who meet to share their similar ideals -- peace , harmony , freedom and respect . Those participating in the gatherings collectively refer to themselves as a "  Rainbow Family . " The community , which welcomes a wide spectrum of ages , comes together to embrace nature and establish an alternative space away from society 's popular culture of consumerism , materialism and mass media . Those who attend are not required to pay any form of money , not even for food , and the gatherings do not have rigid structures of dominance nor one specific leader . Instead , Rainbow Gatherings are essentially idealistic movements driven by the convergence of its community 's beliefs in a more equitable society and its people 's love and tolerance for one another . "  The magic hat goes around and you put money if you have or if you want , " Krivic said . "  But  nobody needs to pay for the food . Everybody is welcome to go and eat there . " Krivic says that Rainbow Gatherings also tend to take place in regions of the world that "  need to be healed " after having experienced devastating conflicts . Past gatherings include those held in Serbia , Bosnia and Ukraine . "  I really do n't like what 's going on in this world . ... There 's just so much stuff happening , " Krivic said . "  You can always go to  Rainbow Gatherings  and stay there and have a nice time , and you do n't even have to pay for it . It will be a nice time , nice energy , not aggressive . " One of the most enjoyable aspects about Rainbow Gatherings is the many workshops and activities that are available , where people engage in and learn about everything from yoga and tai chi to meditation and healing techniques . Another significant part of Rainbow Gatherings is the all-encompassing sound . "  I like the music , I 'm an audiophile . I like all sorts of music , but when I go there it 's live , it 's there , " Krivic said . "  It 's like two guys playing and eventually it 's like 50 people playing and the music is just so beautiful . " The first Rainbow Gathering took place in Colorado in 1972 , and it is believed to have been organized by youth counterculture "  tribes " from Northern California and the Pacific Northwest . Since then , the gatherings have extended to other areas in the United States as well as a number of different countries . The international gatherings generally take place during the summer , before August 's full moon . According to Krivic , the exact locations of some of the Rainbow Gatherings are revealed through hand-drawn maps and presented to those who have attended a gathering in the past . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Krivic has had a diverse range of experiences at Rainbow Gatherings , and maintaining a consistent photographic process over the years has enabled him to witness firsthand the growth of his photography . Ever since his first Rainbow Gathering , Krivic has been using the same two film cameras and lenses . "  The gatherings did n't change , " Krivic said , "  but my photography did change -- a lot . ... I consider photography differently now . " Krivic says a key consideration when taking photos was the use of film cameras as opposed to digital , which he believes do not fit in with the atmosphere of the gatherings . He also had to carefully decide who to photograph . "  I had some friends and I could take photos of them , and then eventually when I was going on and on , it just became like a family , " he said . "  It 's like people that you know for 20 years and you see them every year . " Just as every person sees a rainbow in their own unique way , "  Somewhere Under the Rainbow " enables viewers to let their vision roam freely around every corner of the photos , leaving them to cultivate their own perspectives and ripen their imaginations . In one photo , Krivic takes viewers to Pakistan in 1998 , where a man mesmerizes viewers as he stands in pristine blue water holding a mango in his hands . It 's then 2003 in France . Light rays power through colossal trees , illuminating tents and tepees and dosing the atmosphere with warmth . Viewers later discover a delicate morning hug between a man and woman at last year 's Rainbow Gathering in Hungary , with a sunflower softly blooming out of a ukulele . As for Krivic , he feels that "  Somewhere Under the Rainbow " is not finished and will never be . "  I will never complete it . I will always go because I like it , " he said . "  I will take photos again of friends , and just go on with it . " Matjaz Krivic is a photographer based in Slovenia . You can follow him on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .	Photographer Matjaz Krivic 's "  Somewhere Under the Rainbow " series was shot over 19 years Rainbow Gatherings celebrate the ideals of peace , harmony , freedom and respect
CNN  -- There will be no contract deal Monday night between Chicago public school officials and the city 's teacher 's union , city school board President David Vitale said . Mayor Rahm Emanuel 's spokeswoman , Sarah Hamilton , said talks were continuing late Monday , though Vitale said by then that he 'd left the negotiating session for the night . "  We said to them again , ` We should resolve this tomorrow , we are close enough , ' " Vitale said . "  This is hard work . We want to get this resolved . We want our kids back in school . " The failure to produce a breakthrough comes a day after the Chicago Teacher 's Union called a strike as school officials said they had nothing more to offer . The union has not stated , as of late Monday night , if the city 's first teachers strike in 25 years will continue into a second day Tuesday in the absence of a deal . The strike left about 350,000 students with an unscheduled day off , and left some parents scrambling for alternatives . Police , expecting an uptick in trouble with more kids on the streets , pulled officers from desk duty to increase patrols due to the strike . Dozens of churches and civic organizations stepped in to provide activities for thousands of suddenly idle students , while the school district opened 144 of its 578 schools for part of the day to provide a safe environment and meals to children in need . Many children going to these in-school programs had to pass picket lines , as their teachers chanted , held signs and otherwise made their opinions heard . Ola Esho , father of a student at Ray Elementary School , told CNN affiliate WBBM he "  was not happy " about the commotion and tension , which he said he unnerved his children . "  I would not want to keep my children here unnecessarily , so I 'm taking them back home , " said Yahu Vinayaraj , another father of children at the same school in the city 's Hyde Park neighborhood . The union that represents nearly 30,000 teachers and support staff in the nation 's third-largest school district called the strike after negotiators failed to reach a contract agreement with school administrators despite eight months of talks . The union said they were close Sunday night to a deal on pay , but far apart on teacher evaluations , benefits and other issues . Opinion : Whole world is watching Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said teachers were harming Chicago 's children by striking . "  This is , in my view , a strike of choice , and it 's the wrong choice for our children , " he said . "  Stay at the table . Finish it for our children . " He said negotiators had resolved all but two issues -- teacher evaluations and provisions dealing with jobs for laid-off teachers . However , Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis said teachers had no choice but to strike , despite "  intense but productive " bargaining sessions . The primary disagreement appears to be teacher job security in the wake of a new program that evaluates teachers based on students ' standardized test scores . Chicago Teachers Union board member Jay Rehak called the idea "  data-driven madness . " As many as 6,000 teachers could lose their jobs under the evaluation system , according to Lewis , who called the system "  unacceptable . " The mayor 's office , the city of Chicago , and school officials have questioned that job loss figure . Voices of the strike "  This is no way to measure the effectiveness of an educator , " Lewis said Sunday . "  Further , there are too many factors beyond our control which impact how well some students perform on standardized tests such as poverty , exposure to violence , homelessness , hunger and other social issues beyond our control . " Another sticking point is a "  recall " policy that would put laid-off teachers in line for job openings at other schools within the district . Emanuel said such a policy , supported by the union , would take hiring decisions away from school principals and put them in the hands of central administrators and union leaders . "  Direction and dictation should not come out of downtown , " the mayor said . Teachers also want to block changes to their health benefits and win concessions on classroom conditions . Pay is also an issue . However , the union said the two sides are close to a pay agreement after school officials offered to increase salaries 16 % over four years on average for most teachers . The average teacher salary in Chicago was $ 74,839 for the 2011-2012 school year , according to the district . In addition to the pay raise , the school system 's offer includes paid maternity leave and short-term disability coverage . It would also freeze health care cost increases for two-thirds of the union 's membership . The high school day would also be shortened slightly , and teachers would be limited to teaching five classes , the district said . The district 's existing proposal would cost $ 400 million over four years , according to school board President David Vitale . Key issues in Chicago school strike Chicago schools ca n't afford more concessions , Vitale said . "  We have no more flexibility when it comes to finance , " he told CNN on Monday . At a midday news conference , Emanuel called the plan on the table an "  honest compromise that respects our teachers , does right by our kids and is fair to our taxpayers . " Union officials have said they are puzzled by the stance of Emanuel , the city 's Democratic mayor , whom they accused of going back on promises to teachers , police officers and other civil servants , according to Rehak , the union board member . "  He has definitely been a huge disappointment , " Rehak said . "  He has disrespected virtually every middle-class person in this city . " Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , urged a quick resolution . "  Both sides need to get back to the table as quickly as possible and really stay in there , negotiate through the night if necessary , " he said Monday . "  Get it over with quickly so that we can get these kids back in school . " Read more about teacher unions on CNN 's Schools of Thought blog About 50,000 Chicago students who attend charter schools are unaffected by the strike and will remain in class . But that still leaves the vast majority of students , whose parents were encouraged by the school district to "  explore other options for their children " as long as the strike continues . "  We know that a strike will put a strain on many families , and no one will be hurt more by a strike than our students , " the district said on its website . One of the organizations opening doors for students during the strike is Young Chicago Authors , which has a free program for part of the day for students in grades six through 12 . "  In collaboration with core performance artists and special guests , young people will see the power of their voices in action through film , performance and discussion , " the group said . Still , some parents were concerned about what would happen to their children during the strike . "  If the kids are not in school , they 're out getting into some kind of trouble ... when they should be in school , learning , " said Shatara Scaggs , a mother of two children in kindergarten and first grade who opposes the teachers ' decision to strike . "  I think they should be in school getting an education . " Are you there ? Share your images and videos . CNN 's Casey Wian , Greg Botelho , Ted Rowlands and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : School board chief tells union , "  We should resolve this tomorrow " NEW : A mayor 's spokeswoman says talks are continuing into the night 30,000 teachers and other staff went on strike after failing to reach a contract deal The strike harms children unnecessarily , Chicago 's mayor says
There 's a lot of sky-is-falling doomsday predictions about the World Conference on International Telecommunications , which opens Monday in Dubai with some 190-plus nations discussing the global internet 's future . That 's because much of the accompanying proposals from the global community have been kept under lock and key , although some of the positions of nations have been leaked and published online . The idea behind the meetings is to update the International Telecommunications Regulations governed by the International Telecommunications Union , a United Nations agency known as the ITU , that is responsible for global communication technologies . But the outcome of the two-week session is n't likely to make much change , as no proposal will be accepted if not agreed to by all nations . And the biggest fear -- that the session will lead to net censorship -- has already come to pass . "  Member States already have the right , as stated in Article 34 of the Constitution of ITU , to block any private telecommunications that appear ` dangerous to the security of the State or contrary to its laws , to public order or to decency . ' The treaty regulations can not override the Constitution , " said Hamadoun Tour , the ITU Secretary-General . Emma Llanso , a policy attorney with the Center for Democracy & Technology , said proposals by various governments to treat internet connections like the telephone system are cause for concern regarding privacy and the unfettered , free flow of information . But there is no "  doomsday " internet kill switch scenario , she said . "  There 's not going to be some kind of doomsday scenario that there 's a treaty that makes the internet go dark , " Llanso said . "  What we 're seeing is governments putting forward visions of the internet and having discussions . " The last time the International Telecommunication Regulations global treaty was considered was in 1988 . But technology has changed dramatically in the past 25 years . On the table for discussion are spectrum and technology standards to improve global interoperability and efficiency . Cybersecurity , spam and data retention are also on the table . Brett Solomon , executive director of Access , a digital rights group , is livid that the debate will be done largely in secret , with limited input from stakeholders . "  The ITU and its member states have attempted to respond to our criticisms and other challenges about the WCIT , but they fail to address the critical flaw : It 's a closed , government-controlled agency that should not be making decisions about internet policy , " he said . "  Such decisions necessarily require the participation of governments and the private sector and civil society . " The United States is battling plans to treat the internet like the telephone when it comes to transmission agreements . Some European and Middle Eastern members are calling for so-called termination fees , in which networks where a web session begins must pay the routing cost for the session 's destination -- like phone companies work with phone calls . "  That model , in general , lends itself to fewer providers , higher prices , slower take-up of internet , slower economic growth , " said Terry Kramer , the head of the U.S. delegation . Llanso said termination fees , which would obviously be paid for by consumers , also opens the door to more internet monitoring . "  You can also read it as a campaign , " she said , "  to make all internet communication more traceable and more trackable , invading users ' privacy . " The dot-nxt site has published a clearinghouse of leaked documents regarding member proposals .	World Conference on International Telecommunications opens Monday in Dubai U.N. agency oversees Web , but major overhauls unlikely Expert : No agreement could make Internet ` go dark '
One of the oddest features in the new Kindle Fire tablets is decidedly retro : a button that summons a human tech support representative on your screen . When you press the Mayday button on a Kindle Fire HDX , a small box appears on the tablet . In the box is live video of a friendly Amazon customer support person . You can slide his or her face around your screen so it 's not blocking any key buttons or settings , and then ask away . "  How do I set up my e-mail account ? " a new Kindle Fire owner might wonder . The representative can see , control and draw little arrows and lines on the screen . "  First , open this mail app , " they 'll say while a bright orange arrow appears on on you screen pointing to the mail app . If you 'd rather they just take over , they can navigate and press the buttons for you , all while you watch it happen  and admire the look of concentration on the rep 's face  in real time . More on the new Kindle Fires Offering up a live human is the exact opposite of what many tech companies are doing for tech support . In addition to directing people to online help forums and detailed help documents , some major companies such as eBay are using automated online assistants . The programs show an illustration of a friendly face on your screen and use artificial intelligence to mimic a real customer service interaction . Humans are still present at 800 numbers  after you navigate a maze of automate options that thin out the herd  , and on the other end of live chat support , but typically they ca n't see your screen without jumping through some hoops , and there 's no face-to-face interaction . "  What we wanted to do was to elevate that tech support customer experience by bringing a tech support person ... directly on your screen and giving them the ability to see what you 're doing , " said Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos at a demo of the feature in Seattle . More than being able to see someone 's face , having a representative automatically see and control your screen is the best way to provide customer support .  After years of long , arduous phone calls talking my mom through computer problems , I finally set it up so I could control her screen from across the country and fix any problems myself . It was the best idea I 've ever had . "  Tech support is very difficult to do over the phone , " said Bezos . First the customer has to describe the problem and what they 're seeing . Then the representative has to describe what they 're supposed to do to fix it . The potential for miscommunication and confusion is great . Because it 's easier , screen sharing will greatly cut down on the amount of time it takes to solve a problem . So while there will likely be many more requests for help using Mayday than an 800 number , the time savings could even out . At least at first , the feature will be ripe for some fun , unorthodox uses . Lonely people might just dial up a rep to chat , ask about their favorite movies and ask about their day . Luckily the video connection is only one way and they can not see the customer , only their screen . Amazon is n't afraid of the goofy people . "  I expect in the early days , we 'll see lots of people using this feature just to try it out , just to show it off to their friends , and that 's great . We 're excited about that . We want that to happen , " said Bezos . The tech support representatives are trained to be extra friendly and accommodating . For example , customers are encouraged to ask them about movie or app recommendations . In the battle of iOS versus Android , Apple products are given credit as easier to learn and use while Android tablets and phones offer more customization and control . Even though the Fire runs a highly customized , nearly unrecognizable version of the Android Jelly Bean mobile operating system , it appears to be aiming for a more Apple-like ease of use . The company has always prided itself on providing very good customer service , and previously , Kindle owners could call a representative 24 hours a day at an 800 number . To start , Mayday will use the same customer service representatives already in place around the world but give them the new technology and training . If it takes off , Amazon will bring in more people . The cost of the staff , training and technology required to provide instant access to a live person 24 hours a day , seven days a week must be sizable . But like the Kindle Fire hardware itself , Amazon does is not trying to make money off it . The goal is to make it easier for people to use the tablet . The more they use it , the more time they will spend in the Amazon ecosystem , and the more money they will spend on Amazon content and products . Happy customers equal more profit .	The Kindle Fire HDX has built-in live tech support The representative can see , control and draw on the tablet screen The feature will make it easier for tablet owners to get acquainted with the devices
CNN  -- The 19-year-old Tulsa , Oklahoma , man whose Facebook page lamented his father 's death "  at the hands of a f -- king n -- r " told investigators he shot three of the African-Americans injured or killed in a Friday shooting spree , according to police documents . Fellow suspect Alvin Watts confessed to shooting the other two people , according to the documents , which include only summaries of the reported confessions and few details . Based on his statement , police believe Watts pulled the trigger in two of the three fatal shootings , according to the documents . A police spokesman declined to comment Tuesday when asked about the reported confessions . Authorities accuse the pair of gunning down apparent strangers at four different locations in a largely African-American section of Tulsa early Friday . Authorities identified the victims as Dannaer Fields , William Allen and Bobby Clark . The other two shooting victims survived . Police arrested Watts , 33 , and Jake England , 19 , early Sunday after tips led investigators to England 's burned pickup . The vehicle matched one reported at the crime scenes , according to the arrest reports . A judge ordered England and Watts held Monday on $ 9.16 million bond each pending formal charges on allegations of murder , shooting with intent to kill and gun possession . Police reports characterize both men as white , but authorities have declined to say whether they think race played a role in the shootings . An update posted to England 's Facebook page the day before the shootings noted it was the second anniversary of his father 's death "  at the hands of a f -- king n -- r. " The entry also mentioned his girlfriend 's recent suicide . Prosecutors will review whether hate crime charges are appropriate against England and Watts , Tulsa County District Attorney Tim Harris said Monday . "  If the motivation is racial in this case , then that needs to be vetted in a court of law just like any others , " Harris said . "  It 's the law of the state of Oklahoma , and if the facts and the evidence support that , then we 're going to go forward with it . " Police Chief Chuck Jordan described England and Watts as apparently close friends who shared a home in Tulsa . One survivor of Friday 's shootings , Deon Tucker , told reporters Monday that he was standing on his porch when a white pickup pulled up and the driver asked him for directions . "  Next thing I know , they start shooting , " he said . "  What are they shooting me for ? I ai n't got no enemies . I did n't know what was going on , " recalled Tucker , who said he was shot once in the chest . He added that he understands that his race might have led to his shooting . But Tucker said he simply "  got caught in the wrong spot " and is n't "  mad at anybody , " describing his shooter as a "  lunatic . " On Friday , a friend had warned England not to "  do anything stupid " after he posted a message Friday , apparently after the shootings , that read "  It just mite be the time to call it quits . " "  I hate to say it like that but I 'm done if something does happen tonite be ready for another funeral later , " England wrote . "  It 's hard not to go off between that and sheran I 'm gone in the head , " he wrote , referring to his girlfriend . The Facebook page was taken down Sunday afternoon . Watts ' brother , Michael Watts , said the shootings "  broke our heart , " CNN affiliate KTUL reported . "  If that boy done this , there 's no excuse for it , " KTUL quoted Watts as saying . "  I just want to apologize to those families . My heart goes out to them . " A man who identified himself as England 's uncle -- speaking Monday outside the suspects ' home -- said his nephew had been troubled by the recent suicide of his girlfriend and his father 's death in April 2010 . "  His mind could n't take it anymore , I guess , " the man said . "  I guess it just snapped his mind . " Prosecutors declined to file homicide charges in the death of England 's father , ruling it a justifiable homicide , the Tulsa County District Attorney 's Office said in a statement Monday . England and Watts remained jailed Tuesday pending an April 16 arraignment . Meanwhile , prosecutors prepared formal charges against the pair . While Harris declined to say Monday if hate crime charges would be included , City Councilor Jack Henderson said the online posts and the circumstances of the shootings lead him to believe that the shooters targeted their victims chiefly because of race . "  You have an individual -- a white male -- going into a predominantly black community  to  shoot at black people . And with the other evidence ... and some of the things that were said , that leads me to believe that this was totally a hate crime , " Henderson said . Tulsa was the scene of a 1921 race riot -- considered one of the worst in the nation -- that destroyed the famed Greenwood District , a wealthy black enclave known as the black Wall Street . Harris said the community 's response to the shootings said more about current race relations in Tulsa than the shootings should . "  This community will not be defined by the treacherous , evil crimes of two individuals , " he said . "  That 's not what Tulsa , Oklahoma , is about , and that 's not what our people are about , " he said . "  The fact that this community drew together as one to stop this threat is what Tulsa is all about . " CNN 's Maria P. White and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	NEW : Police believe Alvin Watts killed two of three victims , documents show Police documents say Jake England told investigators he shot three people England posted a profane message last week about a black man killing his father Prosecutors are evaluating the possibility of hate crime charges
CNN  -- A tornado touched down in central Illinois Saturday , police said , but there were no immediate reports of injuries . The Peoria County Sheriff 's Office said the tornado touched down in Elmwood , Illinois , on Saturday night . Pictures from CNN-affiliate WMBD showed a twisted gas station awning and streets covered with debris , branches and broken glass . The tornado ripped through downtown Elmwood and tore the second stories off buildings , WMBD reported . Authorities had closed major roads in the area , WMBD said . Severe weather was reported across much of central Illinois Saturday night as much of the area remained under a tornado warning , according to the National Weather Service .	No immediate reports of injuries in Elmwood , Illinois Streets covered in debris , branches , broken glass Sever weather reported across much of central Illinois on Saturday
