London  CNN  -- Michael Phelps was n't done making Olympic history . On Thursday , he became the first man to win the same individual event in three consecutive Olympics with a strong performance in the men 's 200-meter individual medley . Phelps led from the first leg of butterfly , his specialty , until he touched the wall more than half-second ahead of teammate Ryan Lochte , who just a half-hour earlier had taken a bronze medal in the 200-meter backstroke . "  Even though Ryan had that 200 back before , I knew he was going to be tough . I kind of wanted to push the first 100 as much as I could just to kind of see what would happen , " Phelps said . Phelps extends record breaking spree with first individual gold in London Phelps , who will retire after the Olympics , made history this week when he became the Olympian with the most medals , surpassing Soviet gymnast Larisa Latynina 's record of 18 . The Baltimore native now has 20 medals : 16 golds , two silvers and two bronzes . Lochte had won the first head-to-head contest with Phelps in these Games , taking gold in the 400-meter individual Saturday while Phelps could only manage fourth . "  I said to him in the meet room this is our last 200 of the meet and our last 200 together . We were just joking around , laughing about it . Ryan has probably been one of the toughest competitors ever to swim against , " Phelps said . Earlier , Phelps described the moment he received a phone call from President Barack Obama on Wednesday . "  He just got on and was saying how everyone is supporting me and is behind me at home and how proud everyone is of me . That was pretty cool , " Phelps said . "  And he finished by saying , ` Make sure you tell your mom I said hi . ' It was a good call . " Earlier Thursday , American Rebecca Soni set a world record in winning gold in the women 's 200-meter breaststroke . She swam 2:19.59 to beat Satomi Suzuki of Japan , who clocked an Asian record 2:20.72 , for silver . "  I 'm so happy , I did n't try to focus on medals or records , " she said . "  I just wanted to swim one more race the way I knew I could . " In the men 's 200-meter backstroke , Tyler Clary of the United States beat Ryosuke Irie of Japan and Lochte for the gold . Clary was stunned to have beaten the favorite , Lochte . "  It 's not how I planned the race turning out at all , " he told a BBC TV interviewer . Then still in disbelief , he said , "  You can wake me up now . " Phelps cements legacy as most decorated Olympian Team USA had a easy night on the basketball court against Nigeria . Very easy . The Americans scored an Olympic record 156 points in 40 minutes , winning by 83 points -- which actually is n't a record . Carmelo Anthony led the U.S. with 37 points . "  We shot the ball better than any team in a game I have ever coached , " Mike Krzyzewski said . "  Our guys just could n't miss tonight . When you hit 29 threes it 's very difficult to lose . " The American led by "  only " 33 points at halftime . But they shot an amazing 71 % for the game and beat Brazil 's 1988 mark of 138 points . "  It could have been anyone out there against us tonight , when we shoot that well " we 'll beat anyone , Anthony said . It was reminiscent of the 1992 Dream Team dismantling Angola by 68 points . The two teams have been compared and Thursday 's result will add to the debate as to which team of NBA all-stars is better . In its next game Saturday against Lithuania , the U.S. should get a more difficult opponent . But Lithuania only beat Nigeria by 19 in game earlier this week . Besides Obama , another president made Olympic news : Russia 's Vladimir Putin attended the judo competition Thursday with British Prime Minister David Cameron . Putin , who is himself a black belt in the martial art , was treated to the sight of a gold for Russian judo contestant Tagir Khaibulaev . "  I look forward to taking the president to the judo at the Olympic park , but I note that we will be spectators and not participants , " Cameron joked after their meeting at Downing Street . Tiny Gabby Douglas , nicknamed the Flying Squirrel , claimed gold for Team USA in the women 's individual all-around gymnastics after a stunning final floor routine , leaving Russia 's Viktoria Komova to pick up the silver . "  I was n't really watching the scores , I was just going out there trying to do my rountines the best I could and I did , " Douglas said . "  I came out on top and I 'm just so excited . " It was heartbreak for Douglas ' countrywoman Aly Raisman , though , as she tied for third with Aliya Mustafina of Russia but lost out on the bronze medal because of technical deductions . World champion Jordyn Wieber was excluded from the women 's individual all-around final because she finished fourth , but third among Americans , in a qualifying system that allows only two people per nation . SI : Phelps flips script on Lochte with victory in the 200-meter IM Cycling moved Thursday from the streets of London to the velodrome , a building praised for its sweeping curves and a track made of sustainably sourced Siberian pine , with qualifying rounds and finals in the men 's and women 's team sprint events . It was a day of drama , with Team GB 's Victoria Pendleton and Jess Varnish -- who had major gold medal hopes -- relegated from the women 's team sprint for an illegal changeover . More upset followed in the medal final , when the Chinese in turn were relegated from the top spot , giving gold to Germany . There were also scorchingly fast times , with China 's women setting a world record in the team sprint and the British men doing likewise in the team pursuit and the team sprint . And then Team GB blew away the French to claim gold in the men 's team sprint final and keep the title they won in Beijing -- setting another world record in the process and earning Chris Hoy his fifth gold . Forget Twitter ; in China , it 's the Weibo Olympics The host nation 's victory , which raised the roof in the velodrome , echoed the success of Team GB 's road cyclists Wednesday , when Bradley Wiggins and Chris Froome took gold and bronze in the time trial . The victory made Wiggins , a former track cyclist , the most decorated British Olympian , with seven medals . New postage stamps were released in the United Kingdom on Thursday , celebrating Wiggins alongside rowers Helen Glover and Heather Stanning , who brought Team GB its first gold medal of the 2012 Games on Wednesday . Team USA struck gold in the rowing Thursday as the women 's eight retained their title , showing their dominance once again . South Africa took gold in the lightweight men 's four after a superb late rally , relegating Team GB to silver , to the disappointment of many in the crowd . Also on the rowing lake , New Zealand won the men 's doubles sculls final , the country 's first gold in London . At the equestrian arena , Ann Romney , wife of the soon-to-be Republican presidential nominee , was on hand to see her horse Rafalca compete in dressage , ridden by Jan Ebeling . Mitt Romney was n't there , though , as he was traveling from Boston to Colorado for campaign events . The oldest competitor taking part in the London Games , 71-year-old Hiroshi Hoketsu of Japan , rode in the same event on his horse , Whisper . In southwest London , tennis fans are enjoying quarterfinals at Wimbledon in both the men 's and women 's singles competition . Team GB claimed gold and silver in the men 's canoe slalom , with Tim Baillie and Etienne Stott taking the top spot ahead of David Florence and Richard Hounslow , and a gold in the men 's double trap shooting for Peter Wilson . But American Kayla Harrison beat Great Britain 's Gemma Gibbons to gold in the 78-kilogram judo . Victory in the women 's individual archery competition went to South Korea 's Ki Bo Bae , while China 's Zhang Jike won the men 's table tennis singles title and France 's Emilie Fer won a kayaking gold . Meanwhile , the fallout from the badminton scandal continued . One of the Chinese badminton players disqualified from the Games on Wednesday for trying to lose a match has indicated that she is quitting the sport , accusing the badminton governing body of ruining her dreams . "  This is my last match , " Yu Yang wrote on her microblog account late Wednesday . "  Farewell Badminton World Federation , farewell my beloved badminton . " However , her official team apology , issued after her microblog comments , was less unequivocal . "  I apologize to all our fans because we failed to abide by the Olympic spirit and failed to present a game as it should have been . ... I am ready to do my best in every game of my professional career in the future , to show all of my fans that I 've changed , " it reads . Yu , her women 's doubles partner , Wang Xiaoli , and six other players were kicked out of the competition Wednesday by the Badminton World Federation in one of the most controversial episodes of the London Games . The athletes were accused of playing to lose in order to face easier opponents in future matches , drawing boos from spectators and warnings from match officials Tuesday night . The other doubles pairs booted out were from South Korea and Indonesia . They lost an appeal for reinstatement . On Day 6 of the Games , the United States topped the medals table with 37 total to China 's 34 . Each nation has 18 golds . After a slow start , two strong days have sent Team GB shooting up the medal table , though it 's still in seventh place . Complete coverage : London Olympics CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Alexander Felton and Andrew Henstock contributed to this report .	NEW : Team USA scores record 156 points , wins by 83 Phelps adds to legend with history-making win in the 200-meter individual medley Gabby Douglas wins the women 's all-around gymnastics gold , but Aly Raisman misses out Britain 's cyclists take gold in the men 's team sprint final , set another world record
Accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's face on the cover of the latest Rolling Stone sparked a backlash against the magazine in social media and in boardrooms around the country . "  THE BOMBER , " the cover reads . "  How a popular , promising student was failed by his family , fell into radical Islam and became a monster . " The photo of a tousle-haired , thinly goateed Tsarnaev is one the suspect posted online himself and has been picked up by other outlets . A groundswell of criticism objecting to its placement on Rolling Stone 's cover emerged Wednesday on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook and among leaders in Boston , where the marathon bombings killed three people , wounded more than 200 and led to a frantic manhunt that left a police officer dead . But some people defended the magazine 's decision , saying it draws attention to the story of a young man who seemed an unlikely terrorist . Ed Kelly , president of the Professional Fire Fighters of Massachusetts , called it "  insulting . " Using Tsarnaev 's booking photo might have been one thing , but a photo that shows "  the innocence of youth " gives the wrong message , Kelly told CNN . "  He gave up any innocence he had on April 15 , when he took the life of an innocent child , two women and then went on to execute a police officer , " Kelly said . "  What he did to a city , a country , we 're never going to forgive him for it , " Kelly said . "  We 're not going to cower from it . It disturbs us that our media chooses to celebrate it . " Three prominent New England-based businesses -- CVS pharmacies , Stop & Stop , and Tedeschi Food Shops -- heard the public outcry and announced they will not sell that edition , which will be on newsstands soon . Rolling Stone 's most controversial covers "  Music and terrorism do n't mix ! " the Tedeschi firm said on its Facebook page , which carries the cover image with a circle and a line crossed through it . One Facebook commenter said , "  I 'm done with Rolling Stone . " The 7-Eleven corporation said Thursday its nearly 1,700 company stores across the country wo n't sell the issue , and the corporation is encouraging its 5,900 franchise stores to follow suit , according to 7-Eleven spokeswoman Margaret Chabris . She said the convenience story chain will likely resume carrying Rolling Stone after the issue with Tsarnaev on the cover but "  that has n't been decided yet . " The Illinois-based drugstore chain Walgreens and Rite Aid , based in Pennsylvania , said they wo n't carry the issue , either . And in a letter to Rolling Stone publisher Jann Wenner , Boston Mayor Thomas Menino urged the magazine to follow up with stories "  on the brave and strong survivors " of the attacks and the doctors , nurses , friends and volunteers who helped them . "  The survivors of the Boston attacks deserve Rolling Stone cover stories , though I no longer feel that Rolling Stone deserves them , " Menino wrote . Did missed connections in murder case open door to Boston bombings ? Rolling Stone , critic defend cover In a statement , the magazine said its thoughts were "  always with " the bombing victims and their families . "  The cover story we are publishing this week falls within the traditions of journalism and Rolling Stone 's long-standing commitment to serious and thoughtful coverage of the most important political and cultural issues of our day , " it said . "  The fact that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is young , and in the same age group as many of our readers , makes it all the more important for us to examine the complexities of this issue and gain a more complete understanding of how a tragedy like this happens . " Suspect pleads not guilty While primarily a music magazine , the journal also has forged a reputation for hard-hitting pieces on national affairs , politics and popular culture . For example , journalist Michael Hastings wrote a 2010 profile of Gen. Stanley McChrystal that led to the officer 's abrupt retirement . In his profile , Hastings quoted McChrystal and his staff criticizing and mocking key administration officials . Washington Post media critic Erik Wemple said Rolling Stone should be out defending its article , because it 's "  a pretty easy thing to defend . " "  What you have here is a story about a guy who was very integrated and well-balanced , by all accounts , member of our society until something happened , " Wemple said . "  We do n't know precisely what happened and that was the whole point of this Rolling Stone story -- to account for how he slid off the rails . " He called the companies that are pulling it from the racks "  cowardly , " noting that The New York Times used the same photo back in May . The photo does n't glamorize Tsarnaev , he argued , but "  humanizes " him for people "  who want to see him as an animal from Day One . " "  The facts are he was n't an animal , at least to his peer group , for the longest time . They remember him as a dear friend , " Wemple said . "  That 's a problem , because he was part of our society and he turned on it by all indications , or allegedly . " Share your view of the cover The article about the bombing suspect is a deeply researched account , the magazine said in a synopsis about the story , which it published online Wednesday afternoon . Among its revelations : -- A public plea from his former wrestling coach may ultimately have convinced Tsarnaev to surrender when police surrounded the boat in which he was hiding . -- In high school , Tsarnaev played down the fact that he was a Muslim . But he also took his religion seriously . -- He once confided to a friend that he thought the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks could be justified because of U.S. policies toward Muslim countries . Parents of suspect share phone call with son Slammed across social media But Rhode Island-based CVS Caremark Corp. said its decision "  is the right decision out of respect for the victims of the attack and their loved ones , " company spokesman Michael DeAngelis told CNN . Tedeschi Food Shops , based in Rockland , Massachusetts , said it supports the need to provide news but not "  actions that serve to glorify the evil actions of anyone . With that being said , we will not be carrying this issue of Rolling Stone . " Stop & Shop , a chain of stores based in Quincy , Massachusetts , said it wo n't carry the latest issue "  due to the public response and our customers feedback , " spokeswoman Suzi Robinson said . Richard "  Dic " Donohue , a transit police officer injured in a shootout with the bombing suspects , also criticized the cover . "  The new cover of Rolling Stone has garnered much attention due to its sensationalized depiction of one of the alleged bombers . My family and I were personally affected by these individuals ' actions . I can not and do not condone the cover of the magazine , " which is thoughtless at best , he said . And the magazine 's Facebook post of the cover image had received more than 16,000 comments by Wednesday evening . "  Oh look , Rolling Stone magazine is glamourizing terrorism . Awesome , " Adrienne Graham commented on the magazine 's Facebook page . "  I will NOT be buying this issue , or any future issues . " Others expressed similar sentiments , and words such as "  tasteless , " "  sickening " and "  disgusting " flew around social media . "  What a slap in the face to the great city of Boston and the Marathon Bombing victims , " commented Lindsey Williamson . But on The New Yorker 's website , a column by Ian Crouch speaks out against the rush to judgment and in favor of the magazine . The "  vitriol and closed-mindedness of the Web response to the Rolling Stone cover , before anyone had the chance to read the article itself , is an example of two of the ugly public outcomes of terrorism : hostility toward free expression , and to the collection and examination of factual evidence ; and a kind of culture-wide self-censorship encouraged by tragedy , in which certain responses are deemed correct and anything else is dismissed as tasteless or out of bounds , " he wrote . The cover image was not engineered , he wrote . "  What is so troubling about this image , and many of the others that have become available since April , is that Tsarnaev really does look like a rock star . In this way , the photograph on Rolling Stone is of a part with the often unexpected , and unsettling , portrait of Tsarnaev that has emerged over the past few months . " S.E. Cupp , who will co-host CNN 's new "  Crossfire " program , tweeted , "  To me , seems @RollingStone is n't glamorizing terrorism , but proving that it can look innocent and young and attractive . Important lesson . "  I hope every young @RollingStone reader reads Tsarnaev story , realizes that radical Islam 's here , can even infect a young Jim Morrison . " Tsarnaev supporters respond The cover also brought out comments from the "  Free Jahar " movement .  Dzhokhar is also spelled Jahar or Djahar . " #BoycottRollingStone calling Djahar a monster and stirring the pot even more shame on you ! Innocent until PROVEN guilty , " tweeted @Jahars_Tsarnaev . Authorities accuse Tsarnaev and his brother Tamerlan of setting off a pair of bombs just seconds apart near the finish line of the packed Boston Marathon course on Boylston Street on April 15 . Tamerlan was killed during the police pursuit three nights later ; Dzhokhar was captured and charged with 30 federal counts stemming from the attack . He pleaded not guilty to the charges last week . Woman gets new leg , and new life , after bombings	Some columnists and others speak out in support of the Rolling Stone cover Boston Mayor Thomas Menino urges the magazine to follow with stories on the survivors "  Music and terrorism do n't mix ! " one firm says The image is one Tsarnaev himself posted online ; it 's been published widely before
CNN  -- The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill student body president who was killed this year was shot several times , including in her head , according to her autopsy report released Monday . Unsealed warrants show Eve Carson was abducted and then shot by both men . Eve Carson , 22 , was found slain on March 5 . Carson 's autopsy report lists six gunshot wounds , but says two were probably from the same bullet , according to North Carolina 's Office of the Chief Medical Examiner . Carson 's death shocked the community and drew national attention . An estimated 10,000 people turned out for a service remembering her . Her autopsy -- released after a North Carolina newspaper filed a court motion to have it unsealed -- describes wounds to various parts of Carson 's body . It says shotgun wounds to her head and hand "  most likely represent a single shot with the hand acting as an intermediate target . " One of the other four wounds was also a gunshot to her head . A separate , handwritten summary of the medical examiner 's report says Carson was "  shot multiple times " and found lying on her back , with one arm bent behind her head . The autopsy says sexual assault testing was done . It does not say whether any sign of sexual assault was found . Two suspects , Demario James Atwater , 22 , and Lawrence Alvin Lovette , 17 , have been charged with first-degree murder . Lovette 's attorney said the warrants against the suspects rely on hearsay . Atwater 's attorney cautioned against "  any rush to judgment . " Court documents released Friday say Carson was kidnapped from her apartment and forced to provide her abductors with ATM access to her bank account before she was shot to death in the early hours of March 5 . The documents -- applications for search warrants -- say a confidential informant told police in the days after the death that Atwater had told her he and Lovette had entered Carson 's home through an open door and forced Carson to accompany them in her car . The informant said she had talked with Atwater after a picture was displayed on television showing someone attempting to use Carson 's ATM card at a convenience store two days after Carson 's body was found . The informant said the two men drove Carson to an ATM , obtaining her PIN number from her . "  The CW -LSB- informant -RSB- learned that Carson was forced into the back seat with Atwater , and Lovette drove Carson 's vehicle , " the court documents said . "  That information is consistent with video footage taken from an ATM camera on that date . " The witness told police Atwater said the two got about $ 1,400 from Carson 's account . Bank records show that was approximately the amount taken from the account over a two-day period , the documents said . And the informant said that both suspects shot Carson , according to one of the affidavits . "  This information was corroborated by crime scene search information that two separate weapons were used in the homicide , " the documents said . The documents said police believe Carson was subjected to a sexual assault "  of an unknown nature " and asked for a search warrant to collect DNA swabs from the suspects . But Orange County , North Carolina , District Attorney Jim Woodall told CNN Friday the collection and testing done on Carson 's body was routine , and authorities do not believe she was sexually assaulted . Prosecutors had fought to keep her autopsy sealed . Following a motion by the Raleigh News & Observer newspaper , prosecutors agreed to allow the report 's release . Carson , a native of Athens , Georgia , was a pre-medicine student double-majoring in political science and biology . She was a recipient of the university 's prestigious Morehead Scholarship and a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honor society , UNC has said .	Autopsy : There were shotgun wounds to Carson 's head and hand Report lists six gunshot wounds , but it says two were probably from same bullet Warrant shows she was kidnapped from her home and robbed
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius first gained international fame amid a raging debate over whether his prosthetic legs would give him a competitive advantage in the 2012 Summer Olympics . Today , the disabled track star finds himself in the middle of a more serious controversy : whether he intentionally shot and killed his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , or whether he mistook her for an intruder . Pistorius has been charged with premeditated murder and his trial is sure to provoke worldwide news coverage  no date has been set yet  . The South African athlete 's spectacular fall from grace shocked many who were inspired by his remarkable story of overcoming adversity to become an Olympian and a national hero . But not everyone . "  Here , I think , you had a troubled athlete , " said South African sports journalist Graeme Joffe . "  Not so much this incredible role model for the rest of the world -- no question about that -- but deep down , this was a troubled athlete . " Pistorius case brings South Africa gun culture to global spotlight Joffe is one of the few South African journalists who has been critical of Pistorius . He said the PR machine behind the man they call Blade Runner has all but made him untouchable . "  So many incidents have happened and they 've been well documented over the last five or six years with Oscar Pistorius , " said Joffe , who worked at CNN in the 1990s . "  These kinds of cases have disappeared . " The South African media has long adored Pistorius , some would say even protected him , by minimizing his problems . Yet , some of his friends and colleagues have cast doubt on the idyllic image of Pistorius portrayed by the press . "  It 's like we were waiting for something like this to happen , " said Marc Batchelor , a South African soccer player who socialized with Pistorius in South Africa 's glamor and sports circles . Batchelor described Pistorius as someone who "  had a trip switch , " quick to get angry and fight . Pistorius caused "  a lot of problems , " he said . Uncle : Victim 's family wo n't attend Pistorius trial Batchelor said Pistorius once wanted to fight him because the track star thought his girlfriend was cheating on him . Pistorius , who Batchelor described as drunk , started yelling and swearing over the phone . "  He said he 's not scared . If I want to come down there , he knows where I am , and blah blah blah . But I left it , " Batchelor told CNN . One thing many people do n't know , Batchelor said , is that Pistorius was armed nearly everywhere he went . He even applied to become a licensed gun collector so he could buy more guns than the four that South Africans are allowed , according to Carvel Webb , chairman of an umbrella organization for South Africa 's private gun collectors , including Pistorius . Just last January -- though the facts are in dispute -- Pistorius ' friend and boxer Kevin Lerena said the track star was holding a gun at an outdoor cafÃ © when it went off . Lerena said Pistorius was showing the gun to a friend . "  That was a major mistake what happened from Oscar 's part , it was n't intentional , " Lerena told CNN 's Piers Morgan last month . "  And that also could have been a very bad event and something that could have been very tragic . We are all very fortunate that day . And after that event , Oscar was very apologetic . " Lerena said the incident was purely an accident . "  That 's how dangerous guns can be , " he said . "  But by no means did I think he was negligent with the gun . " Pistorius ' dad triggers gun controversy There are no police records of the incident , and CNN could not get a comment from the restaurant . And when questions were asked in the media , an unidentified Pistorius friend said it was he who brought the gun to the restaurant , not Pistorius . Pistorius crossed paths with authorities in February 2009 when the sprinter said he was nearly killed when the speedboat he was driving hit a submerged object . He was airlifted to a hospital and underwent facial reconstruction surgery . Yet , at the time , doctors downplayed the injuries as minor . Three days later , local news reported police found alcohol bottles inside the submerged boat . "  We are investigating the possibility that the consumption of alcohol had played a role in the boating accident , " said police spokeswoman Maria Mazibuko . Opinion : Why brutality is ingrained in psyche of South Africa The next day the spokeswoman said she was misquoted , and even said police could not confirm Pistorius was the driver . And Pistorius ' manager strongly condemned the report : "  That 's the problem with South African media . They do n't get their facts -LSB- straight -RSB- and they love to speculate , " Van Zyl said . Police eventually dropped their negligent driving charge against Pistorius . CNN has repeatedly asked the Pistorius family and his lawyers for comment but has been told there would be none . He is next due in court on June 4 . Former Pistorius detective off police force The police have refused to discuss any part of their investigation . CNN also attempted to reach other friends , colleagues and associates of Pistorius , but all have withheld comment on their relationships with him . There 's little doubt that Pistorius ' character and his previous run-in with authorities will be key issues brought up by prosecutors during his trial . In the meantime , Pistorius has been released on bail and awaits his fate at his uncle 's multimillion-dollar mansion in Pretoria , South Africa . He 's no longer required to visit police twice a week under the terms of his bail . Instead authorities will now visit him at his uncle 's -- and only occasionally . However his critics viewed him , even the friends who criticized Pistorius ' actions defended him . "  He was a good guy , " Lerena said , "  could have fun with his mates ... but never was he reckless and ever in my company aggressive toward anyone . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Pistorius is charged with murder but says he thought he was shooting an intruder Journalist says Pistorius had prior incidents swept under the rug One friend says Oscar Pistorius threatened to fight him over a girl Another friend said Pistorius was a good guy , never aggressive
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Larry Craig filed an appeal Monday in his continued legal fight stemming from a bathroom sex sting this summer . Sen. Larry Craig , R-Idaho , initially said he would resign at the end of September but then changed his mind . The Idaho Republican wants the Minnesota Court of Appeals to overturn a judge 's decision refusing to let him withdraw a guilty plea to misdemeanor charges stemming from his arrest in June . "  From the outset Senator Craig has maintained that he is innocent of any illegal conduct at the Minneapolis airport , " Craig 's lawyer , Billy Martin , said in a written statement . "  Like every other citizen , Senator Craig has the constitutional right to make every effort to clear his name . " Martin called the judge 's decision "  a manifest injustice . " In an interview Sunday with Boise , Idaho , TV station KTVB , Craig said "  we do n't know what the appellate court will say to me , " according to the station 's Web site . Watch Craig discuss his chances on the appeal " "  Honestly , the appeals courts tend to defend the courts below them . It is my right to do what I 'm doing . I 've already provided for Idaho -LSB- the -RSB- certainty that Idaho needed , I 'm not running for re-election . I 'm no longer in the way . I am pursuing my constitutional rights . " The appeals process could take months to complete , court spokesman Kyle Christopherson said . Craig entered a guilty plea after his arrest in a men 's room at the Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport for allegedly propositioning a plainclothes police officer for sex . Craig originally said he would resign from the Senate on September 30 if he could not get the guilty plea withdrawn . He later postponed his decision until the judge ruled . After an October 4 ruling against him , Craig changed course , saying he would not resign and would continue to pursue his legal options . "  I am innocent of the charges against me , " he said at the time . The Idaho lawmaker 's decision not to resign has created a political headache for the Senate 's Republican leadership . When news of the arrest first surfaced , GOP leaders called for an investigation by the Senate Ethics Committee . They later applauded Craig 's decision to resign . And when Craig announced that he would continue to serve in the Senate , GOP leaders did not appear pleased . "  It 's embarrassing for the Senate . It 's embarrassing for our party , " said Sen. John Ensign of Nevada , who leads the GOP 's Senate campaign committee , on the day of the judge 's decision . "  I think it 's best for the U.S. Senate , it 's best for certainly his party , that he just keeps his word . " Romney accused In an interview taped Sunday with NBC 's Matt Lauer , Craig complained that GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney "  threw me under the campaign bus " when news of his arrest came out . "  He not only threw me under his campaign bus , he backed up and ran over me again , " Craig told Lauer in the interview set to run Tuesday night , according to MSNBC.com . Romney , former governor of Massachusetts , called Craig 's behavior "  disgraceful " and urged the senator to resign when news of the arrest broke in August . Craig was Romney 's Senate liaison before resigning from the campaign . Romney spokesman Kevin Madden defended the presidential candidate 's response . "  Gov. Romney simply believes that a public office is a public trust , " Madden said . "  He believes when a public official enters a guilty plea , they have broken that public trust and should step aside for the sake of their constituents . " Also in the Lauer interview , Craig and his wife , Suzanne , denied that their marriage is a cover for his homosexuality , according to MSNBC.com . "  People know me and know that I would never do that , " said Suzanne Craig , MSNBC.com reported . "  That 's almost like selling your soul for something . " The senator has denied he is gay . "  I love this woman very , very much , " Larry Craig said , according to MSNBC.com . "  The day I found her , I fell deeply in love . And we 're heading toward our 25th anniversary . " When she learned the story was going to break , Suzanne Craig said , "  I felt like the floor was falling out from under me . ... And I felt like almost like I was going down a drain for a few moments , " according to MSNBC.com . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Scott Anderson and Alexander Romney contributed to this report .	Sen. Larry Craig files appeal to get guilty plea in sex sting withdrawn Craig criticizes Mitt Romney for quickly calling for his resignation The Idaho Republican was GOP presidential candidate 's liaison to the Senate Craig stepped down from Romney campaign when news of his arrest broke
CNN  -- One deal closed , now two more go : Fox announced today that Demi Lovato will return as a judge for the third season of "  The X Factor . " Last season , Lovato served as a mentor in the young adults category alongside fellow judges Simon Cowell , L.A. Reid and Britney Spears . Naturally , Cowell will stick around but Reid and Spears both said they wo n't return . "  I could n't be happier that Demi wants to come back this year , " said Cowell in a statement . "  She 's a superstar in her own right and was a fantastic mentor last year . Even though she can be really , really annoying -- I truly enjoyed working with her and so did the artists . I 'm especially pleased she 's back even during her world tour ! " ` Boy Meets World ' cast reunion set "  I am so excited to return as a judge and mentor on ` The X Factor , ' " added Lovato in a statement . "  Last season was an unbelievable experience and I really enjoyed developing personal relationships with the contestants and the panel . I look forward to taking my previous experience and applying it to make this season even better ! " Lovato 's new deal will help maintain some continuity on the show , which will undergo more change before returning this fall . No word yet on who will replace Reid or Spears , and it 's unclear whether Khloe Kardashian will return as a co-host . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox announced today that Demi Lovato will return to "  The X Factor " Lovato will be a judge on the reality show 's third season "  I could n't be happier that Demi wants to come back this year , " Cowell said
CNN  -- Three days after a consumers ' group called for a meat boycott , the head of Argentina 's beef industry said Thursday prices will fall by week 's end . Gustavo Valsangiacomo , president of the Argentina Beef Industry Union , declined to say the boycott was responsible for the price drop . But he acknowledged that demand for beef is falling , the official Telam news agency said . "  There are a sum of factors , " Valsangiacomo told Telam . "  I do n't want to take importance away from the boycott , but it will be analyzed by the end of the week . Nonetheless , we undoubtedly believe that prices reached a point that the public can not and does not want to accept . " On Monday , an Argentinean consumer group called for a one-week beef boycott in an attempt to lower prices in a nation that eats more beef than anywhere else in the world . The price of beef has increased 40 percent to 50 percent since December , said the Association of Free Consumers , which called for the boycott . The group cited success in a similar recent boycott of tomatoes , which also had risen in price . Within a few days of the tomato boycott , prices dropped , the consumer organization said . Valsangiacomo said the beef industry had reached a particular point in which cattle growers have cheap feed but have tried to maximize their profits . "  There has to be an equilibrium between their costs and what consumers are paying , " the industry chief said . Argentina -- a nation of nearly 41 million residents and 51 million head of cattle in 2007 , the latest year comparison figures are available -- has faced a crisis as cattle supplies have dipped to their lowest levels in 45 years , according to the Argentina Farm Federation . The Association of Free Consumers cites three possible reasons for the decline in cattle stock : a significant increase in the number of slaughtered livestock ; an acceleration in the cultivation of soy , with more than 10 million hectares  24.7 million acres  converted from livestock to soy production ; and more Argentineans buying beef . Drought also has decreased the size of available pasture land . Argentineans eat more beef than any other nation in the world -- 68 kilograms  150 lbs  per person annually , the Farm Federation said . Despite the high consumption , that 's a significant decrease from the 80 kilograms  176 lbs  per person per year in the 1970s , the farmers ' group said . Argentinean beef is considered among the best in the world , and the nation is the third-largest exporter in the world , behind Brazil and Australia . But the drastic decline in beef cattle has led some Argentineans to worry the nation eventually could have to import beef to keep up with the high demand .	Consumer group called for one-week beef boycott to try to lower prices Argentina Beef Industry Union president wo n't say if boycott responsible for likely price drop Price of beef has risen 40 percent to 50 percent since December , group says Industry chief tells news agency public demand for beef on decline
CNN  -- Two hours before his scheduled execution Thursday , the Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles commuted the death sentence of Samuel David Crowe , his lawyer said . Samuel David Crowe 's death sentence was changed to life in prison by Georgia authorities , his attorney says . Crowe was convicted in 1988 of murdering Joseph V. Pala , the retail manager at Wicks Lumber Company in Douglas County . Crowe admitted to the crime . The board 's ruling means Crowe 's sentence will be changed to life without the possibility of parole . The board did not give a reason for its decision . When attorney Ann Fort called Crowe with the news , he was quiet . "  He was really shocked and relieved but very somber about it . He takes very seriously the deep harm that he caused when he committed this crime , " she said . Crowe had a cocaine habit that his attorney says he kicked in prison . He spent his time behind bars counseling other inmates , teaching some of them to read and writing to people outside of prison who had drug habits . "  He did n't want them to go down the path he did , " Fort said . As for the Pala family , they are devastated . The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported that Pala 's widow , Fran Pala , and his daughter , Lisa Pala-Hansen , were too upset to address the parole board . A representative spoke to the board on their behalf , the newspaper said . Crowe had been scheduled to be executed by injection at 7 p.m. ET Thursday at Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison in Jackson , 45 minutes south of Atlanta . He would have been the 19th inmate in Georgia executed by injection . William Earl Lynd was executed by injection the first week in May . He was the first inmate to die in the state since September , when the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to consider whether the three-drug combination represented cruel and unusual punishment . Lynd was convicted of murdering his ex-girlfriend in 1988 . The U.S. Supreme Court had effectively halted all executions in the country last September , when it agreed to consider whether the three-drug combination used by most states violated the constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment . Death penalty opponents have argued that if inmates are not given enough anesthetic , they could be conscious enough to suffer excruciating pain without being able to express it because of the paralyzer . Their claims are supported by medical studies . Of the 24 death sentences the Georgia board has considered , Crowe 's is the third it has commuted . Also this week , Mississippi executed murderer Earl Wesley Berry by lethal injection . Berry confessed to abducting Mary Bounds in 1987 , beating her to death and then dumping her body in a rural road . The courts rejected Berry 's attorneys ' arguments that he should be spared because he was mentally retarded . CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : Attorney says inmate was shocked , relieved , somber NEW : Victim 's family too devastated to address parole board Samuel David Crowe 's death sentence was changed to life in prison Thursday Crowe admitted killing a store clerk in 1988 in Georgia
CNN  -- Reputed mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger slouched uncharacteristically in his chair Monday , muttering "  I 'm not  a  f *** ing informant . " But his 700-page FBI file and informant card show otherwise -- that Bulger provided information on murders , drug deals , armed robberies and criminal fugitives , leading to several arrests . Bulger ratted on La Cosa Nostra , rival gangs and seemingly anyone -- except those in his small , immediate circle known as the Winter Hill gang . According to entries in his informant file , Bulger knew he could get away with it and even told his FBI handler he was more likely to be killed by "  gangland warfare " than because he was informant since "  no one would believe it . " Bulger also defended what he called the "  professionalism " of the FBI . Bulger is charged with 19 counts of murder after the FBI found him hiding out in a Santa Monica apartment with his girlfriend in 2011 . He was on the lam for 16 years after allegedly being tipped off to a 1995 indictment by his rogue handler , former FBI agent John Connolly , who is now behind bars . Why we ca n't get enough of the gangster life From day one of Bulger 's trial , his lawyers have tried to convince the jury that Bulger was not an informant -- something attorney J.W. Carney described as the worst thing an Irishman from South Boston could possibly be . With the jury out of the courtroom , prosecutor Fred Wyshak mocked the suggestion , saying he would "  not engage in the fiction " -- pointing to 15 years of detailed FBI reports . "  Whether it 's the ego of the defendant or his reputation he wants to preserve that he was not an informant ... it 's a ridiculous contention , " said Wyshak , who successfully prosecuted Connolly 's case in 2008 . The defense has filed a motion asking to admit into evidence statements made by Wyshak in the 2008 trial claiming that Connolly made false statements in his informant files . The motion has not yet been addressed in court . James Marra of the Justice Department 's Office of the Inspector General testified about numerous file entries saying Connolly , Bulger and Bulger 's criminal partner Steven Flemmi "  frequently met together as a team . " Trial opens window on mob world of cold violence , fierce loyalty Documents also expose that Bulger met with more than one FBI agent , including now-disgraced former FBI supervisor John Morris . Morris pleaded guilty to accepting bribes from Bulger in exchange for information . He is cooperating with the government in exchange for immunity and is set to testify against Bulger this week . Bulger 's defense lawyer Hank Brennan said prosecutors "  ca n't have it both ways , " since Connolly is a convicted liar who , he said , fabricated Bulger 's 8-inch-thick file and his status as an informant . Judge Denise Casper weighed in , asking , "  Why ca n't both be true ? " The judge said perhaps the definition of "  informant " was the issue . Responding to Bulger 's claim , Casper said the "  veracity of information may be in dispute ,  but not  that he was a registered informant . " Along with the 700-page informant file , prosecutors also showed the jury a 3-by-5 card that they called Bulger 's "  informant card " with his ID number : BS1455 OC . The OC stands for "  organized crime . " When Brennan accused the Department of Justice of having a history of "  inappropriate relationships with crime figures " even when it came to murder , the judge shut him down . Witnesses , jurors shed tears as trial focuses on killings	James "  Whitey " Bulger faces 19 counts of murder A 700-page FBI file says he was an informant , ratting out criminal fugitives Bulger and his defense team insist he is not an informant The prosecution says the claim is "  a ridiculous contention "
CNN  -- Roger Federer is putting fatherhood ahead of next month 's French Open . The world No. 4 says being at wife Mirka 's side for the birth of their third child is more important than competing at the clay court grand slam in Paris . Federer has played in a record 57 straight grand slam tournaments . The last major he missed was the U.S. Open in 1999 . But the 17-time grand slam winner told reporters at the Monte Carlo Masters : "  It 's a priority for me to be there  at the birth  to support my wife . "  I 've played enough tennis matches . Missing a tournament or missing a match would n't change anything for me . " Federer and Mirka became parents to twin girls Charlene Riva and Myla Rose in July 2009 . The 32-year-old revealed on Twitter on Christmas Eve that the Swiss sweethearts were expanding their family in 2014 . But Federer would not reveal his wife 's due date or whether the couple were expecting another set of twins . The world No. 4 is currently competing on the Monte Carlo clay after a two-year absence from the principality 's Roland Garros warm-up event . "  As we do n't know when it -LSB- the due date -RSB- is going to be yet , I 'm happy playing at the moment , " he added after his 6-0 6-2 win over Marin Cilic on Wednesday . Federer said it was too early to say whether he would definitely play at the French Open , which begins on May 25th . The former world No. 1 won the French Open title in 2009 to complete the rare feat of winning all four grand slam trophies . If he opts to skip the tournament he could miss out on a big pay day . Organizers of the French Open announced that the prize fund has increased by $ 4m in 2014 . The total prize money on offer is now $ 34.6 m . The winners of the men 's and women 's singles titles will each receive $ 2.3 m , which is a 10 % increase on last year 's prize pot .	Roger Federer says he could skip French Open for birth of new baby "  It 's a priority for me to be there , " said the 32-year-old Federer has played in record 57 straight grand slam tournaments Organizers of May 's French Open have raised prize money by 10 %
Vice President Joe Biden said on Wednesday his use of the term "  Shylocks , " which some consider anti-Semitic , was "  a poor choice of words . " His statement came a day after the national director of the Anti-Defamation League issued a mild rebuke of the vice president 's use of the word , saying Biden "  should have been more careful . " At a Tuesday conference marking the 40th anniversary of the Legal Services Corporation , Biden recalled anecdotes from his son 's experience serving in Iraq and meeting members of the military who were in need of legal help because of problems back at home . "  That 's one of the things that he finds was most in need when he was over there in Iraq for a year , " Biden said . "  That people would come to him and talk about what was happening to them at home in terms of foreclosures , in terms of bad loans that were being ... I mean these Shylocks who took advantage of , um , these women and men while overseas . " ADL National Director Abraham Foxman said Wednesday that the vice president called him . "  Clearly , there was no ill intent here , but Joe and I agreed that perhaps he needs to bone up on his Shakespeare . There is no truer friend of the Jewish people than Joe Biden , " Foxman said in a statement . "  Not only has he been a stalwart against anti-Semitism and bigotry , but he has the courage and forthrightness to admit a mistake and use it as an opportunity to learn and to teach others about the harmful effects of stereotypes . He has turned a rhetorical gaffe into a teachable moment . " The name "  Shylock " derives from the name of the antagonist in Shakespeare 's "  Merchant of Venice . " Shylock , a Jew , was a ruthless moneylender in the play , and he 's remembered for demanding a "  pound of flesh " from the merchant Antonio if he failed to repay a loan . On Tuesday , Foxman chided Bided , saying he "  should have been more careful , " and added that the term "  represents the medieval stereotype about Jews and remains an offensive characterization to this day . " Biden said Foxman has been a longtime "  friend and adviser " and was correct in his assessment of Biden 's word choice . Biden , who 's considering a presidential bid in 2016 , traveled to Iowa on Wednesday to speak at a kickoff event for Nuns on the Bus , a liberal Catholic social justice group based in Washington .	Biden says use of term considered offensive was a "  poor choice " Vice President Joe Biden used the term "  Shylocks " in a speech Tuesday The term is considered anti-Semitic A large Jewish group said Biden "  should have been more careful "
CNN  -- Contradictory reports swirled around the case of an Iranian woman sentenced to be stoned to death for adultery , with one Iranian lawyer saying Monday that she had been whipped 99 times for another alleged offense but another casting doubt on it . A woman who was in prison with Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani told lawyer Javid Houtan Kian that his client had been lashed over a newspaper photograph that , Iranian authorities thought , showed her without a headscarf . Iranian law requires all women to cover their hair , regardless of their religion . The Times of London ran the photo on its front page on August 28 , identifying a woman in it as Ashtiani . It later apologized , saying it was not her . On Monday , the newspaper published an editorial calling the lashing an "  outrage . " "  Ms Ashtiani has been imprisoned in Tabriz for five years , " The Times wrote . "  The prison authorities know exactly what she looks like and therefore must have known that the photograph printed in The Times on August 28 was not of her . " The newspaper also accused Iranian authorities of punishing her "  to make her suffer for an international campaign to save her that that exposed so much iniquity . " Kian was not able to speak to Ashtiani , and neither the courts nor the prison would confirm the whipping , but he believes the other woman , he said Monday . "  I know what she is saying is correct . If she is making this up , then how did she know that the reason for the flogging was over a photo released in a foreign newspaper ? " he asked . Ashtiani asked the woman , who was released from prison , to tell her son she had been whipped , Kian said from Iran on Monday . He declined to identify the woman who passed the information to Ashtiani 's son , saying it would put her at risk of further harassment by the Iranian authorities . Ashtiani 's son , Sajjad Ghaderzadeh , corroborated Kian 's report and said , "  I am very extremely worried at this point about my mother 's life . " He expressed concern that Ashtiani 's death sentence will be carried out after the end of Ramadan , which falls Friday . Another lawyer associated with Ashtiani said Monday that he doubted reports about her lashing sentence . Mohammed Mostafei said in Paris , France , Monday that "  there was no evidence of a sentence of lashings . " "  I spoke with an official in the judiciary in Iran . They said no punishment was carried out on her , " he said later Monday . The Times says it got the picture from Mostafei . He said Monday that he sent the photo to the newspaper , "  but I did underline that this photo was not necessarily a photo of Sakineh ; it was not confirmed . " Mostafei spoke at a press conference alongside French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner , who said France "  will do everything in its power to make this case known and support Sakineh . " "  Really this is a national case for us and the president said that France must defend Sakineh , " Kouchner said . "  I 'm making this a personal case and I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to save her , " he said . "  If it means going to Tehran , I will go to Tehran . " Kouchner later said that he is making it a personal case "  because I 'm a moral person -LSB- and -RSB- because this is barbaric treatment . " Ashtiani was earlier sentenced to death by stoning after she was convicted of adultery . Iranian judicial authorities say a final verdict in her case has not yet been made , the semi-official ISNA news agency reported recently . In July , Iran 's judiciary said the case was under review . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne and Becky Anderson contributed to this report .	NEW : The Times of London publishes a scathing editorial condemning Iranian authorities An Iranian woman sentenced to be killed was whipped for another offense , a lawyer says He says he heard it from a woman who was in prison with her French foreign minister vows to help Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani
CNN  -- The National Weather Service in Chicago is asking residents not to travel unless "  absolutely necessary " because a winter storm pushing through the upper Midwest has created a "  potentially life threatening situation . " "  Reports from media and local law enforcement officials indicate that hundreds if not thousands of vehicles have gone off the roads , " the weather service said early Wednesday morning . Illinois State Police carried out a rescue operation in Kankakee County after 20 cars were stranded in the snowstorm , where snow drifts were measured around 3 feet , the agency said . The rescued motorists were taken to temporary warming centers in Manteno or Peotone , said state police Sgt. Angie Kinstner . CNN 's Ric Ward also contributed to this report	Weather service : "  Hundreds if not thousands of vehicles have gone off the roads " State police rescue the occupants of 20 cars stranded in Kankakee County Snow drifts in the area are measured around 3 feet
Join Roland Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . Roland Martin says that whether candidates wear a flag lapel pin should n't be a political issue . CNN  -- When is the last time you watched a mindless movie that had no redeeming value for you intellectually , but all it did was make you laugh ? That perfectly describes the raging debate among voters and the rabid television and radio talk show hosts who love to yell and scream from the top of their lungs , "  I 'm an American , and by golly , you better show as much appreciation for this country as I do ! " But once you finish listening to these high-minded bloviators -- and yes , that includes the voters who have bought into this nonsensical issue -- ask yourself : Does it really have anything to do with anything ? I 've watched this debate reach the levels of absurdity this year because journalists and commentators have raised the question to Sen. Barack Obama , "  Why do n't you wear a flag lapel pin ? " I really got a kick out of that one during the ABC debate last month because not one person on stage -- Sens. Hillary Clinton and Obama , along with moderators Charlie Gibson and George Stephanopoulos -- bothered to accessorize their attire with a flag lapel pin . Sen. John McCain has been traveling the globe as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , and this former Navy pilot often does n't wear a flag lapel pin . It has become sort of like bird watching as I 've surveyed elected officials on the local and national levels and looked them over like a hen-pecked mother or a foaming-at-the-mouth military drill sergeant , studying their attire and deeming them insufficiently American because of their lack of decency and respect by refusing to adorn themselves appropriately with a lapel pin . So , after listening to radio callers and the folks that e-mail various TV shows , maybe we ought to expand this need to express our Americanism even further . Should n't we insist that our politicians all begin to sport red , white and blue socks in order to feel good knowing that they are walking as Americans ? How about asking officeholders to sport the American colors as undergarments to show that their undying love for the country is so important , they want the flag pressed against their skin ? There have been times when the candidates -- especially McCain , who has beaten back skin cancer -- have worn hats on the campaign trail . I want to know , datgummit , why the people running for the highest office in the land did n't cover their head with an American flag baseball cap to express to the nation their love and affection for the U.S. of A . Since it is clear that our nation is paralyzed and so not able to close our borders , feed the homeless , develop businesses in the inner cities and save people from having their homes taken by foreclosure due to ruthless mortgage companies , all because some folks do n't wear a flag lapel pin , we need to lead a national movement to demand that Congress and the states make requiring officeholders to wear a flag lapel pin the 28th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution . See , if it is so important , then take it all the way . Do n't make it optional . Do n't leave it up to someone to choose to wear a flag lapel pin . Let 's really show those politicians that nothing is more important to us than seeing them with the U.S. flag on our chest . That 's what zealots do . They take something so simple , so personal , so voluntary , and absolutely lose their mind , trying to force someone else to do as them , and everyone else be damned . Folks , the first year I ever cast a ballot for political office was in 1988 . And in the last 20 years , whether it was mayoral , school board , city council , or a statewide , congressional or presidential campaign , the thought of what was on a politician 's lapel never entered into the equation as to whether they are worthy of office . Those who will criticize me will say , "  Well , Roland , if it 's no big deal , then why not wear one ? " And the reply is the same : "  If it 's no big deal , then why do you make it a big deal ? " Let me tell you something : When I 'm on the golf course and I slip my wedding ring into my golf bag , the Rev. Jacquie Hood Martin is still my wife . When we shoot hoops and I remove my Texas A&M University ring from my right hand , I still love my school . The fact that I can no longer wear my 1987 class ring from Houston 's Jack Yates High School does n't mean I do n't cherish the crimson and gold . And I may not be able to fit into the shirt I pledged in , but I will be a member of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. until the day I die . I am an unapologetic Christian , but you wo n't see a cross dangling from my neck or a James Avery charm bracelet on my wrist . Why ? Because my love of Jesus Christ is in my heart . This debate is useless , tiresome and distracting . Why ? Because if there are members of Congress who wear a flag lapel pin but refuse to shore up our borders , do n't do enough to stop the flow of drugs into our neighborhoods , or do n't help to eradicate the gaps between the haves and have nots , then are they truly fighting for the concerns of Americans , or playing on the emotions of people by what 's on their lapel ? We 're better than that . We 're smarter than that . It 's time that we make decisions based on substance , which is what we say we actually care about . But maybe we 're just lying to ourselves about that , too . Roland S. Martin is a nationally award-winning journalist and CNN contributor . Martin is studying to receive his master 's degree in Christian communications at Louisiana Baptist University . You can read more of his columns at http://www.rolandsmartin.com/ The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Roland Martin says flag lapel pin debate is useless , tiresome and distracting He asks : If those pins are so important , why should n't underwear , hats be , too ? Decisions about candidates should be based on substance , he says He says topics such as secure borders , drug fight , economy are real issues
Washington  CNN  -- A new report by the Government Accountability Office says behavior detection techniques failed to lead authorities to at least 16 alleged terrorists who traveled through U.S. airports . The Transportation Security Administration 's program to use special officers to spot suspicious behavior began in 2003 , but the GAO questions the scientific basis and effectiveness of the techniques . The unclassified version of the report released Thursday did not name the suspected terrorists who the GAO says were able to pass 23 times through airports where behavior detection officers work . But officials involved in crafting the report said the cases included that of Najibullah Zazi , a Denver shuttle driver who authorities said plotted to set off bombs in New York City 's subway system . Zazi pleaded guilty to providing material support to al Qaeda . The officials said the TSA also missed David Headley , who pleaded guilty to scouting targets for the 2008 Mumbai , India , terror attacks and flew out of the U.S. to do his reconnaissance . Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , suggested a 17th case : that of Faisal Shazad , who allegedly plotted to blow up a car bomb in Times Square . Mica said it was a "  Marx Brothers production " when Shahzad , being sought by authorities , tried to fly out of the United States two days after that failed attack and was apprehended when he was already on a plane . Mica , the top Republican on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , asked for the GAO report . Although Mica supports behavior detection , he said the TSA has not carried out its program effectively . "  It leads me to again call for reorganization of TSA , " Mica said at a Capitol Hill news conference . "  TSA is an agency in total disarray . " Mica noted the agency has been without a permanent leader during the Obama administration and the president this week announced his third nomination for the post . Two previous candidates withdrew . The GAO report said between May 2004 and August 2008 detection techniques led to the arrests of more than 1,100 people but not because of suspected terrorism . Instead the people were found to have committed drug or other offenses . A TSA statement called its program "  a vital layer that enhances security at the nation 's airports . " It also noted the 2008 arrest in Orlando , Florida , of a person carrying components for a pipe bomb . The GAO made a number of recommendations , including that TSA should have an independent panel of experts examine its scientific methods , and that TSA should do a cost-benefit analysis to see how effective behavior detection is compared with random screening and other methods . The GAO also said if there is airport video of any of the suspected or admitted terrorists , that would be a valuable tool for behavior detection officers to study . The TSA said it plans to implement a number of GAO 's recommendations . TSA uses behavior detection as one of 20 layers of security protection . As of March about 3,000 of the specially trained officers were working in 161 U.S. airports . The administration 's latest budget request calls for $ 232 million for the program .	GAO says "  behavior detection " missed 16 alleged terrorists TSA program to spot suspicious behavior began in 2003 3,000 specially trained TSA offices work in 161 U.S. airports Congressman says TSA is "  an agency in total disarray "
CNN  -- Germany 's Tommy Haas upset Roger Federer in straight sets to win the ATP tournament on the grass courts of Halle Sunday . Federer was bidding for his sixth title at the Wimbledon warm-up tournament but had no answer to his 34-year-old opponent , who won 7-6  7-5  6-4 in front of his home fans . It was Haas ' second Halle title after winning in 2009 and his 13th on the ATP Tour . He has made a remarkable recovery after hip surgery which sidelined him for 14 months and he started 2012 outside the top 200 in the world . His victory will see him rise to 51st in the rankings and he is set to be a dangerous outsider at Wimbledon . "  This has been one of the best weeks of my career , but I reckon I wo n't really appreciate what 's happened until this evening , " he told the official tournament website . "  If someone had said to me beforehand that I was going to beat Roger Federer , probably the best player of all time , I would have thought they were mad ! " Federer , coming off a semifinal loss to Novak Djokovic at the French Open , took a 3-1 in the opening set but proceeded to lose three successive games as Haas broke back . The German took a close tiebreaker and a single break to lead 5-4 in the second set left him serving for the title . When Federer hit a return long it was Haas who raised his arms in triumph after 95 minutes of gripping action . Federer , who will now head to the third grand slam of the season bidding for a seventh Wimbledon crown , was magnanimous in defeat . "  Tommy was the better player and he deserves this win , " said the 30-year-old Swiss maestro .	Tommy Haas wins ATP title at Halle in Germany Haas beats five-time Halle champion Roger Federer in the final 13th ATP career title for the 34-year-old German Top seed Rafael Nadal went out earlier in the tournament
Lakeside , California  CNN  -- Days after being rescued in the Idaho wilderness when an FBI agent shot her abductor dead , 16-year-old Hannah Anderson attended a fundraiser Thursday for her and her family near their Southern California home . The teenager could be seen entering the Boll Weevil restaurant in Lakeside , a community of about 20,000 people located 20 miles northeast of San Diego . Hannah did n't speak publicly before entering the building , though her father later did talk to reporters . The media were invited to the fundraiser at the family-friendly restaurant but were not allowed inside . "  This is a small community that we are a part of , and the community came together putting on this great fundraiser for Hannah and hopefully for her future and healing , " Brett Anderson said , before he thanked local residents , family and friends , the media and law enforcement . "  This is how Lakeside rolls . " Hannah went missing after cheerleading practice in San Diego County , California , on August 3 . The next day , the bodies of her mother , 42-year-old Christina Anderson , and 8-year-old brother , Ethan , were found about 45 miles east in the burned Boulevard house of James DiMaggio , who had been considered a friend of the Anderson family . Affidavits : Teen 's mother , brother ` tortured and killed ' That horror spurred a manhunt , which zeroed in on central Idaho after two critical clues : the discovery of DiMaggio 's blue Nissan Versa outside the city of Cascade and a sighting of the pair by horseback riders . Affidavits : Teen 's mother , brother ` tortured and killed ' One of the horsemen recalled noticing multiple "  red flags " during their brief interaction with the pair , including their brand-new camping equipment and the pajama-like bottoms Hannah was wearing . Brett Anderson said Thursday that he 'd been able to offer "  our thanks and our love " to the horseback riders in a phone conversation . "  It was a chance encounter , but it did save my daughter 's life , " he said Thursday . The dramatic ordeal ended last Saturday , after authorities spotted DiMaggio and his teenage captive 's campsite near Morehead Lake . Hostage rescue teams had to hike more than two hours to get to the scene , local sheriffs ' departments said . Eventually , they got close enough , and an FBI tactical agent fatally shot DiMaggio , before whisking Hannah away . California teen rescued , her alleged abductor killed Speaking Thursday about her condition , Brett Anderson said "  she 's just happy to be here . " "  Hannah sends her love , " her father said . "  She 's doing good day by day , and we 'll keep moving forward from here . " One of her friends , Alyssa Haugum , said from outside Thursday 's fundraiser that she was looking forward to seeing Hannah in person and giving her a hug . They had communicated via Facebook , she said . Haugum described Hannah , whom she knows from school and dance , as strong , funny and "  usually really bubbly . " "  It takes a lot to make her upset , " she said of her friend . The entire ordeal was surreal and scary , as it hit so close to home , Haugum said . "  It just felt like it was untrue : One day somebody could be with you , and the next day they are missing and you do n't know where they 're at , " Haugum said . Then , alluding to her friend Hannah , she added , "  But I knew she was strong . I knew she would come back . " Hannah Anderson discusses kidnapping on social media CNN 's Casey Wian reported from Lakeside , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Hannah Anderson , 16 , goes to a fundraiser in her Southern California community James DiMaggio abducted Hannah after allegedly killing her brother , mother "  She 's doing good day by day , and we 'll keep moving forward , " her father says A friend says Hannah Anderson is "  strong , I knew she would come back "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Osama bin Laden 's three widows and two daughters could be deported from Pakistan on Wednesday after their period of house detention expired overnight . A Pakistani judge ordered earlier this month that the five women be deported back to their countries of citizenship after serving their sentence for living illegally in Pakistan . The 45-day detention period ended Tuesday night , said Aamir Khalil , the widows ' lawyer . But he said he had no information on when they would be deported . The widows -- identified by U.S. and Pakistani officials as Amal Ahmed Abdul Fateh , Khairiah Sabar and Siham Sabar -- have been in Pakistani custody since U.S. Navy SEALs raided bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad and killed the al Qaeda leader in May 2011 . The daughters are aged 17 and 21 , Khalil said . All five defendants confessed to impersonation , illegal entry into Pakistan and staying illegally in Pakistan and chose not to appeal the judge 's sentence . Yemen has officially announced that it will allow Fateh , bin Laden 's youngest widow , to return to her homeland . Her brother Zakaria Abdul Fateh said the Yemeni Embassy in Islamabad was processing her paperwork and that she planned to go back to Sanaa next month . The position of the authorities in Saudi Arabia , where the other two widows are from , is unclear . Saudi Arabia had initially been resistant to their return . Bin Laden spent years on the run in Pakistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , moving from one safe house to another and fathering four children with Fateh -- at least one of whom was born in a government hospital , she told Pakistani investigators . A deposition taken from Fateh gives the clearest picture yet of bin Laden 's life while international forces hunted him . He and his family moved from city to city with the help of Pakistanis who arranged "  everything " for them , Fateh said , according to the deposition . She told police she never applied for a visa during her stay in Pakistan . CNN 's Shaan Khan and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	The detention of the widows and daughters of Osama bin Laden has ended A Pakistani judge ordered that they be deported once they had served the sentence The widows ' lawyer says he does n't know when they 'll leave the country Yemen has said it will allow the Yemeni widow to return home
President Barack Obama called for a "  sustained conversation " surrounding the relationship between police and the communities they serve after a series of meetings with Cabinet members , law enforcement officials , young activists and others on Monday . The meetings follow a week of sometimes violent protests that swept the nation following the decision by a grand jury last Monday not to indict a white police officer in the shooting of an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson , Missouri . Later on Monday , Attorney General Eric Holder , speaking in Atlanta , said the federal investigation of the incident is ongoing . "  The Justice Department 's investigation into the shooting death of Michael Brown , as well as our investigation into allegations of unconstitutional policing patterns or practices by the Ferguson Police Department , remain ongoing and active , " he said . "  They have been rigorous and independent from the very beginning . " Members of the Congressional Black Caucus also spoke out on Ferguson and broader racial tensions in the United States . "  The Ferguson grand jury 's decision not to indict former officer Darren Wilson was yet another slap in our face . It was a painful reminder that just like with Trayvon Martin and Tamir Rice and so many others that law enforcement officers killed - black and brown men and boys - without repercussions , " said Rep. Marcia Fudge , D-Ohio , chair of the Congressional Black Caucus , the House floor . "  The fact that our country - the greatest country in the world - remains mired in race relations issues in the year 2014 is an embarrassment , " she said . "  If we are to learn anything from the tragic death of Michael Brown , we must first acknowledge that we have a race issue that we are not addressing . " The incident , and subsequent months of unrest in Ferguson , set off a national debate over the tactics and tools used by law enforcement to keep the peace , which critics said were at times too aggressive . According to the White House press pool report , Obama told a crowd of about 50 activists , law enforcement and elected officials that the problem is "  solvable , " but that there needs to be an ongoing discussion of the issues uncovered by Ferguson . " -LSB- This is -RSB- not a problem simply of Ferguson , this is a problem that is national . It is a solvable problem , but it is one that unfortunately spikes but fades into background , " he said . "  What we need is a sustained conversation ... to move forward in a constructive fashion . " Obama held his first meeting with members of his Cabinet -- Holder , Treasury Secretary Jack Lew , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson attended , as well as deputy Defense Secretary Robert O. Work and Michael Botticelli , the acting director of the White House Office of National Drug Policy . They discussed a review Obama ordered in August of federal funding and programs that provide equipment to state and local law enforcement agencies , according to the White House . A White House official confirms a presidential trip to Ferguson was indeed under consideration last week after Obama was asked by CNN about the possibility of such a visit just as the unrest was flaring up again in the Missouri city . But because the issues that arose in Ferguson are more widespread than one incident in one community , the official said , White House advisers decided on what is described as a more comprehensive approach of convening a large group of stakeholders from cities around the country to tackle the issue in a more thorough manner . A trip to Ferguson has not been ruled out in the future . But it appears for now , the White House is opting for the route they are taking this week.â $ ` During his remarks Monday afternoon , Obama admitted that past task forces have fallen short , but said that "  this time will be different because the president of the United States is deeply vested in making it different . " RELATED : Obama preparing executive order on police militarization Following his Cabinet meeting , Obama hosted a group of young civil rights leaders â $ " including representatives from the Ohio Students Association and the Howard University Student Association â $ " in the Oval Office to discuss , per the White House , "  the broader challenges we still face as a nation , including the mistrust between law enforcement and communities of color . " And he then sat down with elected officials , law enforcement officials and community , civil rights and faith leaders from around the nation to discuss ways to "  build trust " between communities and law enforcement . That meeting included the mayors of Boston , Mass. , Milwaukee , Wisc. , New York , N.Y. , Gary , Ind. and Philadelphia , Pa , as well as representatives from a number of police organizations and both the Baltimore and Philadelphia police departments . The Rev. Al Sharpton was in attendance as well , along with representatives from the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , the National Council of La Raza , the American Civil Liberties Union and others . Sharpton called it an "  historic evening , " and said he came away with the sense that the president and the administration are putting their weight behind their groups ' recommendations . He did caution , however , that this meeting can not be "  an isolated incident " and needs to be followed by action . National Urban League President Marc Morial said the meeting was unlike any other he 's participated in and featured "  candid , open , productive , substantive conversation . " He called today 's actions from the president "  meaningful . " Holder is also set to address the events in Ferguson during a Monday night forum at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta , Ga. , a church where Martin Luther King Jr. once preached . Civic leaders , students , community leaders and others have been invited to the forum , and Holder plans to give remarks afterward . The day 's events come as protests continue into their second week . On Monday , protesters snarled traffic throughout Washington , D.C. by blocking main roadways across the city , according to the D.C. Police Department .	President Barack Obama met with members of his Cabinet and civil rights leaders Monday Obama discussed the "  disintegration of trust " between police and the communities they serve The White House reportedly considered , then rejected , a trip to Ferguson for Obama
Washington  CNN  -- Police erred by not obtaining an extended search warrant before attaching a tracking device to a drug suspect 's car , the Supreme Court said in a unanimous ruling Monday . A majority of justices said that secretly placing the device and monitoring the man 's movements for several weeks constituted a government "  search , " and therefore , the man 's constitutional rights were violated . Four other justices also concluded that the search was improper but said it was because the monthlong monitoring violated the suspect 's expectation of privacy . U.S. Supreme Court rules on health care challenge | On humane treatment of downed livestock That difference of legal analysis may create further confusion among law enforcement over when and for how long such high-tech operations can be used , on both criminal suspects and the general public . At issue was whether movement in a private vehicle on city streets is "  public " in nature . Growing sophistication of electronic devices to monitor the movements of suspects made this issue ripe for review , since lower courts had disagreed on when such surveillance is permissible without a warrant . The devices send an electronic signal to a satellite , allowing real-time plotting of someone 's whereabouts . Antoine Jones was a co-owner of Levels , a Washington nightclub , when he was suspected of trafficking cocaine on the side . A joint FBI-D.C . police team covertly attached a GPS device to his Jeep outside the terms of a warrant . A warrant had been granted , but installation of the GPS device was authorized by a judge only within 10 days and only in the District of Columbia . Agents waited until the 11th day to secretly place it on the vehicle , and they did so in neighboring Maryland . Jones was then monitored for 28 days as he drove around the area . He was eventually tracked to a house where law enforcement officers discovered nearly 100 kilograms of the illegal narcotic , along with about $ 850,000 in cash . Jones was sentenced to life in prison . The court was being asked to decide whether such covert surveillance violated the Fourth Amendment and whether in this case it should be considered a "  search , " a "  seizure " or both . The justices agreed police violated Jones ' rights but disagreed on just why . The Constitution 's Fourth Amendment says , "  The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated . " Antonin Scalia wrote for a five-vote majority that a person 's property is legally sacred , and the government had to justify placing a GPS device on the vehicle . Scalia said the electronic age does not change a centuries-old concept . "  The government physically occupied private property for the purpose of obtaining information , " said the ruling . "  We have no doubt that such a physical intrusion would have been considered a ` search ' within the meaning of the Fourth Amendment when it was adopted . " Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas and Sonia Sotomayor agreed with the conclusions . But a group of four justices led by Samuel Alito concluded that the majority 's reasoning was "  artificial " and did not address larger legal concerns of searches in the digital age , including GPS . He said the court should have used this case to clarify the limits of police monitoring of wireless personal communication devices like mobile phones and Internet use . "  The availability and use of these and other devices will continue to shape the average person 's expectations about the privacy of his or her daily movements , " Alito wrote . "  In circumstances involving dramatic technological change , the best solution to privacy concerns may be legislative . " But the U.S. Congress and most states have not kept up with the times , Alito said , leaving courts to sort out what level of privacy a citizen can expect . He said that in this case , four weeks of tracking was more than enough to justify police getting a search warrant . Alito was backed by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer and Elena Kagan . The justices have another pending case they may decide to tackle , from an Oregon inmate who faced similar circumstances . Police there had attached a GPS device to Juan Pineda-Moreno 's car while it was parked on his property . Officers then tracked him to a remote marijuana field he was cultivating . He was convicted and sentenced to more than four years behind bars . Unlike in the Jones case , a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled that this was not a "  search , " so no warrant was required to place the device on Pineda-Moreno 's Jeep Cherokee . His conviction was upheld . The justices have not taken any action on the Oregon appeal , perhaps waiting to resolve the issue with Jones ' appeal from Washington . The current case is U.S. v. Jones  10-1259  .	Following a car for weeks via a tracking device requires a search warrant , justices say The justices are divided on what they say makes the action unconstitutional Justice Alito , for the majority , cites the "  physical intrusion " of placing the device Four others say the lengthy monitoring violated the suspect 's expectation of privacy
CNN  -- Anne and Michael Harris were an "  extraordinary " couple with a zest for life , their niece said . Anne and Michael Harris ' niece says the couple "  loved life , loved everyone . " "  We truly hope that they are remembered for the way they lived their lives and not this tragic end , " Charlstie Laytin said in a telephone interview Wednesday . "  We 're all just devastated and going to miss them both so much . " The Harrises were two of three Americans on board Air France Flight 447 when it crashed Monday . The plane was carrying 228 passengers and crew from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France , when it crashed four hours into the journey . Investigators have not determined the cause of the accident . An official list with the victims ' names was not available Wednesday afternoon . The Harrises lived in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , Anne Harris ' sister , Mary Miley , said . Michael Harris , 60 , was a geologist in Rio de Janeiro . He worked for Devon Energy , a U.S.-based independent natural gas and oil producer , a company spokesman said . The couple were traveling to Paris for a training seminar and vacation , Miley said . The two "  loved everyone , they loved life , " Laytin said . "  Definitely glass-half-full kind of people , " she added , recalling her uncle as a "  ham , " who could always offer a laugh on a bad day . She remembered a moment a few summers ago when her family was in Vermont , and had just seen a classical performance of Mozart . They were "  just sitting around and having a glass of wine , and laughing and talking about family and life and what was going on in our lives ... -LSB- the Harrises -RSB- could never get enough information about what all their nieces and nephews and family members were doing , " she said . "  It 's really the last time I can remember us all sitting around as a family and I 'm so glad that I have that memory . " She said her family was hopeful the investigation would soon determine what had gone wrong . "  I think the initial shock of it all has really started to wear off , and the reality that they 're gone is starting to set in , " she said . "  The grief and the grieving process is beginning and we 're just really focused on helping each other heal . " The majority of the people on the flight came from Brazil , France and Germany . The remaining victims were from 29 other countries . Ten were employees of French electrical equipment supplier CGED , according to Agence France-Presse . Nine of those employees had won the trip to Rio from CGED because of their strong work performance , AFP said . "  There was a competition for the best sales reps ... and nine of them won and went to Brazil for four days , " Laurent Bouveresse , CGED chief executive , told AFP . The nine were allowed to take a friend or partner , and an executive also went along , Bouveresse said , according to the news agency . CNN tried repeatedly to reach representatives of CGED . Two others believed to have been on the flight were an engaged couple , Julia Schmidt of Brazil and Alex Crolow of Germany , the couple 's friend , Brian Buzby of Houston , Texas , told CNN affiliate KTRK . Watch Buzby talk about friends on Flight 447 " Buzby said he met the two while they were all students at Bucerius Law School in Germany . They finished studies last August , KTRK reported . "  This was Alex taking her back to tell her mom they were going to get married , " Buzby told KTRK . "  I just hope that they were not suffering , and at least they were together , because I would have hated for one of them to go through it alone , " Buzby said . "  They were my two best friends . I just hope she knows I loved her , " Buzby said .	NEW : 9 French victims won trip to Brazil for job performance , AFP reports NEW : German victim was taking Brazilian fiancee home to announce engagement Anne and Michael Harris were two of three Americans on Air France flight 447 The Harrises lived in Brazil and were going to France for vacation , training seminar
EW.com  -- One of the busiest men in entertainment could soon find his schedule a little more packed . EW has confirmed that "  American Idol " host Ryan Seacrest is close to reaching an agreement with NBC that would put him at the helm of the network 's upcoming reality series , "  Million Second Quiz . " If reached , the deal would also make him an executive producer . Seacrest , whose production company is responsible for "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians , " also hosts a daily morning show , "  On Air " with Ryan Seacrest and "  ABC 's New Year 's Rocking Eve , " on top of his "  Idol " duties . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW confirmed the "  Idol " host is close to inking a deal He would also serve as exec producer for a new reality series His production company is responsible for "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians "
YORK , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The city of York is steeped in history . The central Pennsylvania town was a stop on the Underground Railroad , and it was even , briefly , the nation 's capital . A week of race riots in York , Pennsylvania , left two dead 39 years ago . Sen. Hillary Clinton 's rally here Saturday , on the corner of Market and Beaver Streets , was down the block from a local landmark that touches on a less-heralded chapter in the city 's history : the site of the monument that was n't . A few months ago , Mayor John Brenner and others pushed for a memorial at the corner of George and Market Streets , in the center of town , that would remind York residents of a deadly week of race riots 39 years ago . The violence claimed two victims : police officer Henry Schaad , and minister 's daughter Lillie Belle Allen , in murders that went unsolved for decades . Schaad was white , Allen black . But disputes over nearly every aspect of the project brought emotional responses that seemed to split along racial lines , including disagreements over inspiration , location and design . The process stalled entirely a few weeks ago , as organizers went back to the drawing board . This dispute is emblematic of the divide facing both Democratic candidates in next Tuesday 's Pennsylvania primary . "  The issue of race has touched this community , much more deeply than it has in other places . It 's not in the forefront , it 's not usually discussed , but that issue has been very important to people here , " said local NAACP chapter president Eric Kirkland , in a row house just off George St. , the main drag that bisects the city 's downtown . "  Historically , this has been a very racially hostile area . Race relations have always been strained here . There 's an old guard , and they have those old ideas , " he said . But the face of York itself has changed . A decade ago , the town was 70 percent white . City officials say black and Latino residents now make up roughly 45 percent of the population of 41,000 . Sen. Barack Obama is expected to win the overwhelmingly Democratic town , locals say , and Clinton has the edge in York County , an area dominated by white , working-class , conservative voters -- a group that has largely backed the New York senator this year . But presidential loyalties here this primary season do n't fall neatly along racial lines -- York 's residents are split between the two candidates in patterns that defy traditional assumptions . Neatly manicured lawns in some of the city 's mostly white suburbs are dotted with Obama signs . In the city , a restaurant window near Newberry Street -- where Allen was killed nearly four decades ago -- has a Clinton sign taped to the inside glass . Seven years ago , the town 's mayor and several other white men were arrested for Allen 's 1969 murder . In the shadow of a pending indictment , Mayor Charlie Robertson -- up for re-election -- won the Democratic primary in 2001 . He later stepped down . Eventually , he was acquitted by a local jury . Two others were convicted of murder and others took plea deals . In the wake of the trials , the city became a magnet for outside hate groups , who clashed with anti-racist demonstrators in the center of town . In the years since , the most public division in York has been the measure of progress . Some , including Kirkland , say race is still a central issue here . Others -- including many resentful of the city 's national notoriety after Robertson 's arrest -- say it is not . But most residents fall somewhere in between , caught in a decades-long conversation that moves in fits and starts , spurred along by activists and city officials . The national dialogue may have turned to race this campaign season -- but in York , where the discussion has been on the agenda for years , many say they 're all talked out . "  Race is here . It 's an undercurrent , " said York Mayor John Brenner , an Obama supporter . "  I do think in places like York that actually had civil unrest in the 1960s , I think we have more work to do . And we 've done a lot of work in recent years . Most of our voters , I think , have moved on . " Many of those voters -- among them Harley-Davidson factory workers , waitresses and home health aides -- echoed Brenner , saying their top concern had nothing to do with race , but with how they were going to pay their rent or afford health care . "  A few years ago , all those satellite trucks were parked out front for the trial , all those outsiders came to town for a week , and they had the story in their heads before they even got here , " said mechanic Mike Davis , just outside the city 's Central Market . "  You did n't see anyone from around here at the courthouse , except the families . But that case is all most people know about York . I know that 's what they care about . But I have bigger things to worry about . Like my next mortgage payment . " York has been slightly better off than many of Pennsylvania 's hard-hit industrial areas , thanks to a more diverse local economy and an influx of new residents from neighboring Maryland that have made it one of the commonwealth 's fastest-growing counties . But residents say that thousands of jobs have disappeared -- and with them , a way of life . "  I know we had that working-class tradition . I 'm a product of it , " said Brenner , whose father was a union electrician . "  I think York County has changed . That whole blue-collar model of the past just does n't work anymore . It 's still here , but it 's not as strong as it used to be . " Kirkland , who opposed Brenner 's favored proposal for a race riot memorial , agrees with the assessment . "  There should be a memorial -LSB- to the victims of the riots -RSB- . But those are symbols . The reality is , the fundamental standard of living for people in this city has gotten worse , it 's gotten much worse , since the trials . There are not enough jobs for people who need jobs . A monument is n't going to change that , " he said . Kirkland is skeptical the city has truly moved beyond its headline-grabbing past . But he says the campaign , no matter who wins , has revealed a level of local progress on that front that has surprised many York residents . "  You travel the county , you travel the city , you travel the townships and most of the people want the same thing , " he said . "  They want good jobs , a good education . They want to make sure they have decent health care . There 's not a whole lot of difference there in terms of what people 's needs are and wants are and desires are . "  I think things may be changing here , in the process of changing . It 's like a lightbulb going on . " E-mail to a friend	York , Pennsylvania , was the site of deadly race riots in 1969 Issue of race has touched the community , says local NAACP president Presidential loyalties in York do n't fall neatly along racial lines Some skeptical the city has truly moved beyond its headline-grabbing past
CNN  The marriage apocalypse may be coming . Talk to any millennial and you can envision an America virtually marriage-free , with everyone happily single . I did . And I do . Recently , I talked about marriage with a group of journalism students from my alma mater , Kent State University . They came to me for career advice , which I gave them , but I also picked their brains about politics , religion and marriage . Their views on marriage intrigued me the most . 'Cause , guess what ? They do n't care what your generation thinks -- they 'll get married if and when they want . "  I did n't go to college for four years to be a mom , " 21-year old Candace Monacelli told me . "  There 's no housewife degree . I 've worked my butt off for four years to get this degree . You want to use it . You want to be successful . You want to have that happy part of your life as well . " Jackie Demate , also 21 , agreed . "  I would have a very hard time justifying spending $ 20,000 on a wedding when I could go to Europe . " At first I thought Jackie was kidding . So jokingly , I responded , "  Wow , some people would say , with that attitude , you are undermining the moral foundation of this country ! " Jackie did n't blink . "  But , Europe ! " she exclaimed . "  I 'm really looking for a travel buddy . And I do n't think you need a wedding ring to prove that you love someone . I see a lot of people get married too soon or stay together and are unhappy because they are afraid to be alone . And I would rather be alone , successful and happy than in a relationship where I 'm not happy . ... I 'm OK being single forever . As long as I 'm happy . " Before you berate Jackie for prioritizing her love of travel over marriage , consider where she 's coming from . A culture rich in divorce . In the United States , almost 42 million adults have been married more than once . That 's up from 22 million in 1980 and 14 million in 1960 . Percentage-wise , that means that among adults who are currently married , roughly a quarter  23 %  have been married before , compared with 13 % in 1960 . What a fine example my generation is ! Not . Still , there are no doubt more than a few parents out there wondering where they went wrong . Especially in light of a fascinating Pew Research report on marriage . When asked if society is just as well off if people have priorities other than marriage and children , 50 % of respondents were OK with that . And of that 50 % , 66 % were adults between 18 and 29 . Religious leaders are deeply concerned for moral reasons . Economists are concerned for our collective future . Studies show marriage is correlated with economic well-being , though it is not clear whether the causality arrow goes from marriage toward economic benefit or in the other direction . A study sponsored by the conservative American Enterprise Institute says : "  From an obvious standpoint , households with two adults are likelier to have two incomes , improving well-being . " On the other hand , the study points out , people who have money may be "  more desirable marriage prospects . " Bingo on that point . The millennials I talked with prefer their partners to be debt-free and riding high . They also do n't want to burden a husband or wife with their own debt . "  Right now , I 'm 21 years old . And I 'm thousands of dollars in debt , " Emily Crille told me . "  That was n't something my parents bore . And it 's really hard to plan a wedding , or even think about something like that when you owe so much money , you do n't have a job , and you do n't have a home . " I felt a certain sense of pride at their sassy attitudes . As a child of divorce I never wanted to get married , either -- until I met my husband at 38 . But , when I was in my twenties , waiting to marry the right man and forgoing children put me decidedly and uncomfortably in the minority . I heard the whispers : Is there something wrong with her ? Is she selfish ? Unlovable ? Perhaps it is selfish to establish a career , travel and have a child on your own . Or , maybe it 's exactly right . Scandinavians are just about there . According to USA Today : "  In Norway ... 82 % of couples have their first child out of wedlock . The numbers are similarly high for Sweden and Denmark . While many couples marry after having the first or second child , it 's clear marriage in parts of Scandinavia is dying . " The article also points out that "  Norway ranked first and Sweden second in the United Nations ' quality-of-life survey for 2004 , which rates per capita income , education levels , health care and life expectancy in measuring a nation 's well-being . The USA came in eighth . " In an effort to understand the joys of "  sambo , " the term for living together in Scandinavia , my producer reached out to Mikael Anteskog Adler , a 35-year-old man from Stockholm , Sweden . "  To put it short , " he told us , "  marriage costs money  party , clothes , rings , honeymoon trip , etc.  and gives no significant advantages , as there are no economic or legal advantages and no real social pressure to get married , or anyone frowning on premarital sex and cohabitation . " Wow . Fifty-year-old Anne Lehes , from Gothenburg , Sweden , told my producer , "  I believe that one reason for many Swedes staying single is because this is a secular country , so people think they will become fulfilled by their partner , and inevitably they get disappointed and then they do n't think the whole thing is worth it . " Maybe Christina Hugosson of Uppsala , Sweden , sums it up best : "  The notion that marriage is something that you 're pressured into seems horrible to me . ... Marriage should be for love , not a matter of expectations , routine and everyday practicalities . " My Kent State millennials -- true romantics -- would agree wholeheartedly with Hugossan . Emily told me as much , "  Marriage is about love . It 's not about planning or timing , and that 's what we 're all kind of waiting for . " Marriage is about love , but you have to be good partners , too . And , as they say , sometimes love is n't enough . Which brings me back to that idea of a pending marriage apocalypse . Would it be so terrible if we all remained single ? If I had remained single ? I thought about it . So did my husband . We did n't plan to have children , what was the point ? In the end , we made a decision based on love and practicality . A commitment would not only prove our love , but also force us to get through the bad times couples are sure to endure . Eleven years later we have no regrets . But , we are not you and yours . Would a society without marriage be just as well off as one filled with "  I dos " ? I do n't know . But I would love to know if you do .	Carol Costello : Talk to any millennial and you can envision an America virtually marriage-free In countries like Sweden or Denmark , people do n't feel pressured to marry even if they have kids together
CNN  -- The political party of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been granted permission to register for future elections in Myanmar , according to Suu Kyi 's lawyer . Nyan Win , who is also spokesman for the National League for Democracy party , told CNN that Myanmar 's electoral commission granted the permission , and the NLD party will formally submit its registration "  as early as next week . " The NLD won more than 80 % of the legislative seats in 1990 -- the first free elections in the country in nearly 30 years -- but the ruling military junta refused to recognize the results . The party announced last month that it had decided to re-enter politics in Myanmar , also known as Burma , and that Suu Kyi will run in the next parliamentary elections , as yet unscheduled . Ruled by that junta since 1962 , Myanmar is now under a new president , a former general elected in March of this year . The new government freed dozens of political prisoners in October following the earlier release of Nobel Peace Laureate Suu Kyi . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	Aung San Suu Kyi 's party says it will formally register as early as next week The party won 80 % of the legislative seats in 1990 The ruling military junta refused to recognize the results of that election
They were TV stars , in a sense , having appeared on the National Geographic Channel 's reality show , "  Alaska State Troopers . " But more than that , Patrick "  Scott " Johnson and Gabriel "  Gabe " Rich were family men and men of the law . Neither got the happy Hollywood ending they deserved , instead dying in a confrontation in a sparse , remote sliver of Alaska . The troopers ' bodies were recovered from Tanana , a village 130 miles west of Fairbanks , on Friday , a day after they were reported killed , the Alaska Department of Public Safety said . Two men have been taken into custody since the incident near the Yukon River in the state 's interior . One of them -- 19-year-old Nathanial Lee Kangas of Tanana -- is under arrest in both deaths , the state public safety department said , adding that formal murder charges are being prepared . The other is Arvin Morse Kangas , 58 , accused of fourth-degree assault and driving with a revoked license in a separate incident . Neither could be immediately reached for comment . In a post Friday on their Facebook page , the Alaska State Troopers said they are "  reeling from the loss " of their slain colleagues , both of whom worked out of the agency 's Fairbanks rural service unit . Born in Fairbanks , Johnson worked three years for the North Slope Borough Police before becoming an Alaska State Trooper in 1993 . Here , he held several roles including trooper , field training officer , canine officer , narcotics team supervisor and rural unit sergeant . It 's in the latter job that the 45-year-old died , leaving behind a wife and three daughters , according to the Alaska State Troopers . Rich moved to Fairbanks shortly after being born in Pennsylvania , then went on to work for the North Pole Police and , starting in 2011 , with the Alaska State Troopers . The 26-year-old is survived by his fiancee and two sons . Commenters on the police Facebook page offered personal remembrances of the two men , commending them as being good at their jobs and good people , generally . "  Bless these two brave troopers , " one woman wrote . "  RIP . " Both gained a degree of widespread recognition thanks to their appearance on the National Geographic Channel 's "  Alaska State Troopers , " a reality show that the network says follows "  one of the toughest law enforcement agencies in the nation . " Rich appeared in six episodes of "  Alaska State Troopers " in 2012 and 2013 , according to IMDb.com . Johnson was in four episodes from 2011 to 2013 , according to the site . The troopers were not with a film crew when they died and are not slated for any future episodes , said National Geographic Channel spokesman Chris Albert said . The channel has pulled repeats of episodes featuring the slain troopers , he said . "  We have a long and proud association with the troopers , and consider them a member of our extended channel family , " Albert said in a statement . "  We send our deepest condolences to their families and the entire Alaska State Trooper force . " Newspaper : Troopers shot after botched sale of couch CNN affiliate KTVF reported that the officers had headed to the village to follow up on a report from the previous night of someone brandishing a gun . The Alaska Dispatch website reported that the troopers were shot after an unarmed village public safety officer called for backup after an altercation involving the botched sale of a $ 150 couch . The news site said two people had been arrested , one after a lengthy standoff with heavily armed police . Video from CNN affiliate KTUU showed heavily armed authorities -- some of them wearing camouflage -- walking along a dirt road in Tanana , as well as one man being led away in handcuffs . Gov. Sean Parnell mourned the loss of the two officers . "  These fallen heroes answered the call to serve and protect , and made the ultimate sacrifice , while keeping our communities safe , " the governor said in a statement . "  May God and the loving support of grateful Alaskans bring comfort to the families of these courageous men . " According the the U.S. Census Bureau , 254 people live in Tanana . The village is located near the confluence of the Tanana and Yukon rivers in Alaska 's vast rural interior . No roads lead into the village , which is accessible only by air . Images of the village published online show a town of log-cabin buildings and ramshackle structures along the banks of the Yukon River . The village boomed in the late 1800s and early 1900s with the discovery of gold in the region .	"  Bless these two brave troopers , " a woman writes of the two officers Sgt. Johnson , Trooper Rich die in Tanana , a small , isolated village Two men are in custody , including a 19-year-old facing murder charges The 2 slain Alaska troopers had appeared on a National Geographic show
PARIS , France  CNN  -- A plane with seven people aboard crashed into the Mediterranean Sea on Thursday , a French regional government official told CNN . A New Zealand Airbus 320 flying into Auckland from France , from a file picture taken in 2003 . The Airbus A320 jet was on a training flight when the crash occurred about 5 p.m.  4 p.m. GMT  , said the official at the Maritime Prefecture in Toulon , France . There were no immediate reports of survivors , but rescue efforts involving French navy vessels and a helicopter were launched . Floating debris had been located , the official said . Airbus confirmed the crash in a written statement , saying the jet was owned by Air New Zealand and operated by XL Airways Germany . "  The aircraft was operating a local technical flight from Perpignan , France , " the company said . The Airbus statement did not say how many people were thought to be on board . See a map of where the flight originated " The twin-engine plane involved in the accident had accumulated about 7,000 flying hours , Airbus said . Learn more about the Airbus A320 " "  At this time , no further factual information is available , " Airbus said . "  In line with international convention , Airbus will provide full technical assistance to the authorities of France , who will be responsible for the investigation into the accident . A team of five specialists from Airbus is being dispatched to the site . " People in a civilian vessel saw the crash take place off the coast near Perpignan , the French government official said . "  The investigation remains the entire responsibility of the relevant authorities , and it would be inappropriate for Airbus to enter into any form of speculation into the cause of the accident , " the Airbus statement said . "  The concerns and sympathy of the Airbus employees go to the families , friends and loved ones affected by the accident . "	French official : Airbus A320 Air New Zealand jet crashes off southern French coast Rescue efforts launched , no immediate reports of survivors , floating debris found Passenger jet was on a training flight when it crashed at about 4 p.m. GMT
CNN  -- Rocker Ted Nugent found himself being investigated by the U.S. Secret Service after making this statement last weekend at the NRA Convention : "  If Barack Obama becomes the president in November , I will either be dead or in jail by this time next year . " While I dismissed Nugent 's comments as just another idiotic statement by the person known as "  The Motor City Madman , " others thought Nugent may have violated the federal law that makes it a crime to threaten the president of the United States . CNN contributor LZ Granderson even wrote an article entitled "  Ted Nugent should be in jail , " calling for the arrest of Nugent . However , Granderson recognized that under the law as it stands , Nugent would not , in fact , be imprisoned for the comment at issue . Threats against the president of the United States should not be tolerated , regardless of the president 's political affiliation . But while viscerally I may agree with those calling for Nugent 's arrest , they are absolutely and unequivocally wrong .  In full disclosure , I must reveal that I do have Ted Nugent 's classic hit "  Cat Scratch Fever " in my IPod , but I still feel I can be objective in this matter . Nugent should not be prosecuted for two equally important reasons : He did not break the law , and we must be vigilant in protecting freedom of expression when it involves political subject matter . From a legal point of view , Nugent 's statement did not violate the controlling federal statute which provides that it 's a crime to make : "  any threat to take the life of , to kidnap , or to inflict bodily harm upon the President of the United States . " To violate this statute , a person must make a "  true threat " as defined by the federal courts . However , Nugent 's words were ambiguous and did not objectively indicate a threat against the president . There 's little doubt Nugent 's statement would be considered by the courts as nothing more than "  political hyperbole , " not a crime . Furthermore , when considering this federal statute , our courts have been more protective of statements made at a political rally . Nugent 's comment was made at a political event -- the NRA convention , which parenthetically I must note was held in St. Louis , the city with the second highest rate of teens being killed by guns . The Secret Service met with Nugent on Thursday before his concert in Oklahoma , and based on their discussions came to the same conclusion . They did not arrest him and announced the matter was resolved . After the meeting , Nugent even praised the Secret Service agents with his statement : "  God bless the good federal agents wherever they may be . "  Although if you think about his statement -- "  wherever they may be " - he may have actually been mocking the agents he had just met . In any event , Nugent was free to play his concert that night and treat the audience to his greatest hit -- or maybe he has two -- I 'm only aware of the one song in my IPod . Not only was the Secret Service 's decision legally sound , it was also absolutely needed to ensure we have open and candid discussion about our elected officials , even when the comments are as asinine as Nugent 's . Our courts have uniformly held that no form of speech is entitled to greater constitutional protection than political speech . The U.S. Supreme Court offered these instructive words in 1969 , which courts have been employing ever since : "  Debate on public issues should be uninhibited , robust , and wide-open , and that it may well include vehement , caustic , and sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks on government and public officials . " While the words Nugent used regrettably contribute to the growing lack of civility in American political discourse , it was still political speech . It is for the good of our democracy that the Ted Nugents of the world -- and I truly hope there is only one -- can make even ugly and caustic statements about the president without fear of imprisonment . Anything else could lead to a chilling effect on free expression which we can not and should not allow . Editor 's note : An earlier version of this article contained a statistic which the Secret Service has denied : a statement that threats against President Obama have jumped 400 % from those made against President George W. Bush . The Secret Service said that is not correct . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Ted Nugent 's remarks at the NRA convention attracted Secret Service attention Dean Obeidallah says threats against president should n't be tolerated He says Nugent 's remarks did n't represent a true threat ; free speech is protected Obeidallah : Allowing open expression is important for freedom , democracy
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan said Wednesday that it had conducted a test launch of a medium-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead , just days after its arch-rival India tested a longer-range missile . The Pakistani military said in a statement that the launch of the improved version of the Shaheen-1 missile was successful and that its impact point was at sea . The new version of the missile "  will further consolidate and strengthen Pakistan 's deterrence abilities , " the statement said , citing Lt. Gen. Khalid Ahmed Kidwai , head of the military 's Strategic Plans Division . India said last week that it had successfully carried out the maiden test flight of its longest-range nuclear-capable missile , which can apparently travel more than 5,000 kilometers  3,100 miles  . The Pakistani military 's statement did not give details on the range of the missile that it fired Wednesday . The Shaheen-1 missile that it tested in 2010 was able to hit a target about 650 kilometers  403 miles  away . There have been positive signs in the relationship between Islamabad and New Delhi recently . President Asif Ali Zardari of Pakistan met with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India during a private trip to India earlier this month . It was the first visit to India by a Pakistani head of state in seven years , and Singh said at the time that he would be willing to make a reciprocal trip to Pakistan in the future . But distrust remains deep between the two nations . The South Asian neighbors have fought three wars , two of them over the Himalayan territory of Kashmir , since the 1947 partition of the subcontinent into Islamic Pakistan and Hindu-majority , secular India after independence from Britain . Last year , both countries pledged not to let their fragile peace process unravel again over the range of thorny issues that put them at odds . In 2004 , they agreed to negotiations that cover eight issues , including Kashmir , terrorism and Pakistan 's concerns over river dams on the Indian side of the border , which it sees as a threat to its water supplies . After that , successive governments held talks in an effort to end the historical acrimony . But engagements were suspended in November 2008 after the terrorist assault on Mumbai , which left more than 160 people dead . India said Pakistani-based groups were behind that attack . Over the past two years , India and Pakistan have held a series of high-level meetings in their bid to put their peace dialogue back on track , a process considered crucial to regional stability ahead of the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan . In 2011 , New Delhi and Islamabad agreed to resume talks . The two nations ' possession of nuclear weapons adds a worrying dimension to the tensions between them . The International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War on Wednesday laid out a hypothetical scenario of what a nuclear conflict between two countries like India and Pakistan would mean for the world . "  A limited regional nuclear weapons exchange " between two such countries "  would cause major worldwide climate disruption , driving down food production in China , the U.S. and other nations , " the physicians group said in a statement previewing a new report on the subject . That scenario would leave more than one billion people around the world facing starvation , according to the group , which was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1985 CNN 's Shaan Khan and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	India carried out a test flight of a long-range nuclear-capable missile last week Pakistan says it has launched a new version of a medium-range missile into the sea The test will strengthen the country 's "  deterrence abilities , " the Pakistani military says There have been positive signs in relations between Islamabad and New Delhi recently
CNN  -- A terrorist group might be planning attacks on oil tankers in the Strait of Malacca , one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes , Singapore 's navy warned Thursday . "  The terrorists ' intent is probably to achieve widespread publicity and showcase that it remains a viable group , " said an advisory issued by the Singapore Navy Information Fusion Centre  IFC  . "  However , this information does not preclude possible attacks on other large vessels with dangerous cargo , " the advisory said . The IFC recommended that ships strengthen security measures . It did not name any groups or indicate how the tip was obtained . Located between Indonesia , Malaysia and Singapore , the Strait of Malacca links the Indian Ocean to the South China Sea and Pacific Ocean and is the shortest sea route between Persian Gulf oil suppliers and Asian markets , according to the U.S. government 's Energy Information Administration . The agency estimates that more than 15 million barrels of oil are transported through the strait every day . At its narrowest point , the strait is only 1.7 miles wide , which creates a natural bottleneck and makes it vulnerable to terrorist attack . The IFC warned tanker crews to be on the lookout for smaller vehicles -- including dinghies , sampans and speedboats -- which have been used to launch successful attacks on tankers in the past .	Strait of Malacca links the Indian Ocean to the South China Sea and Pacific Ocean Estimated 15 million barrels of oil are transported through the strait every day At its narrowest point the strait is only 1.7 miles wide , making it vulnerable to attack
CNN  -- The European Commission found leading computer chipmaker Intel guilty Wednesday of violating European anti-trust rules and ordered that it pay a fine of 1.06 billion euros  $ 1.45 billion  . Intel was allowed to present a defense to the European Commission ahead of Tuesday 's ruling It is the largest fine the commission has ever imposed , said Neelie Kroes , the European commissioner for competition . Intel has said it plans to appeal the decision . The commission found Intel abused its dominant market position in the market for computer chips known as the x86 computer processing unit  CPU  , Kroes said . The abuse lasted more than five years , she said . "  Those x86 chips are the engine of the car , so to say , " Kroes said at a news conference in Brussels , Belgium . "  Your computer wo n't work without these chips . " Intel held a 70 percent share of the market during the period of the violations , she said . "  That Intel had such a large market share is not a problem in itself , " Kroes said . "  What is a problem is that Intel abused its dominant position . Specifically , Intel used illegal anti-competitive practices to exclude essentially its only competitor , and that reduced consumer choice -- and the whole story is about consumers . " Intel 's actions frustrated innovation and reduced consumer welfare , Kroes said . The commission found that Intel awarded major computer manufacturers rebates on the condition that they purchase all or most of their supplies from Intel . Intel also paid Europe 's biggest computer retailer , Media Markt , to sell Intel-based PCs exclusively , the commission found . Media Markt has some 200 megastores in nine countries . The commission also found that Intel awarded payments to computer manufacturers so they would postpone or cancel the launch of products containing parts from its leading competitor , AMD . "  The commission found that these payments had the potential effect of preventing products for which there was a consumer demand from coming to the market , " the commission said in a statement . "  Given that Intel has harmed millions and millions of European consumers by deliberately acting to keep competitors out of the market for more than five years , the size of the fine should come as no surprise , " Kroes said . Intel was allowed to present a defense to the commission 's preliminary conclusions . But Kroes said the company "  went to great lengths " to cover up its anti-competitive practices , resulting in a long and complex investigation . In a statement on the company Web site , Paul Otellini , Intel 's president and CEO said the company took strong exception to the ruling and planned to appeal . "  We believe the decision is wrong and ignores the reality of a highly competitive microprocessor marketplace -- characterized by constant innovation , improved product performance and lower prices , " Otellini said . "  There has been absolutely zero harm to consumers . He added that the compnay did not believe its practices violated European law and accused the Directorate General for Competition of the Commission of ignoring or refusing to "  obtain significant evidence that contradicts the assertions in this decision . " Otellini added that the company had never sold products below cost but had invested in innovation , manufacturing and developing leadership technology with the result that it could "  discount our products to compete in a highly competitive marketplace . " "  Despite our strongly held views , " Otellini concluded , "  as we go through the appeals process we plan to work with the Commission to ensure we 're in compliance with their decision . "	European Commission launched anti-trust investigation nearly two years ago Commission determining that Intel abused its dominant position in the CPU market Commissioner : Fine is the largest ever imposed by European Commission NEW : Intel : CEO says it takes strong exception to the ruling , will appeal
CNN  -- The latest celebrity breakup is a surprising one : Folk singer Jewel and her husband Ty Murray are going their separate ways . Jewel made the announcement herself on her blog on July 2 , explaining that she and Murray , whom she calls her "  husband , friend and partner of 16 years , " preferred for the world to hear about their impending divorce directly . "  Ty and I have always tried to live the most authentic life possible , and we wanted our separation as husband and wife to be nothing less loving than the way we came together , " Jewel writes . "  We have no desire to damage ourselves and each other in the process ... while we learn to redraw ourselves in whatever new shape we find as separate people who are still striving to be the best versions of ourselves - as humans and as parents . " Jewel and Murray , a professional rodeo cowboy , married in 2008 after dating for 10 years . They welcomed their only child , son Kase , in 2011 . "  Oddly the very thing that Ty and I sought in coming together is the very thing we seek in separating , " Jewel says in her blog . "  We both value growth . And growth became tragically and undeniably stifled as a couple , and we believe we can find it again in setting each other free . We truly believe we can find greater happiness apart than together , and this is why we are taking the enormous and heartbreaking step of divorce . " As she shared her news , Jewel also thanked her fans for supporting her throughout her career -- flaws and all . "  I am forever grateful for the acceptance and compassion I found in my fan base as I shared my deepest hurts and shames along side my moments of inspiration and truth , " the singer says . "  I have learned in these 20 years of living my life honestly in front of you to trust that you will all honor and have reverence for how difficult this journey is , and allow us our process as we not only grieve the loss of our marriage , but also as we recreate ourselves in the ashes . " While Jewel did most of the talking in the lengthy update , she and her husband did give a joint statement as well : "  Our dedication to our son is unwavering and we are both committed to being the best partners in raising our son , " the couple say . "  Due to the spirit in which we have gone about this separation , we trust we can remain dear friends who hold each other in high esteem , which is so important to us as parents , as we wish only what is best for our son . "	Jewel shares that she and husband Ty Murray are divorcing The couple married in 2008 and have one son They say they hold no animosity toward one another
CNN  Thrust from obscurity to notoriety overnight , Captain Francesco Schettino is the man at the center of recriminations over the Costa Concordia cruise ship disaster . The liner capsized after it struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in the Tyrrhenian Sea in January 2012 . No one died on impact but 32 lives were lost during the subsequent chaotic evacuation of the 4,200 people on board the ship . On Wednesday , an Italian court found Schettino guilty of manslaughter and other charges related to the wreck , and sentenced him to 16 years in prison . Over the past two years , the judges in the captain 's trial have heard from a wide variety of people , including passengers , crew members and technical experts . Just before the judges got the case , the captain took the opportunity to speak again . Breaking down in tears , Schettino recalled that January day three years ago . "  I died along with the 32 others , " he said . And since then , Schettino insisted , he 's become a victim , processed by a "  media meat grinder . " Schettino , 52 at the time of the accident , admitted he had been "  showboating " when he sailed the luxury cruise liner so close to the island of Giglio , where submerged rocks tore through the hull . However , he said earlier the rocks were uncharted , and he did everything he could to preserve the lives of crew and passengers . The captain has previously pointed the finger at the Indonesian helmsman , whom he said did not speak English or Italian well enough to understand his orders , as well as the Costa cruise company for not providing maps with the rocks he hit appropriately marked . READ MORE : How Costa Concordia was raised Schettino has also blamed the ship itself , saying the generators did not work so the elevators did not function , hindering some people 's escape . Schettino 's lead lawyer Domenico Pepe began closing arguments on Monday by saying the champagne bottle used to christen the ship when it was put into service in 2006 did not break . "  Everything about this ship and this process since then has been a mystery so far , " he said . Earlier in the trial Moldovan dancer Dominca Cemortan , who dined with the captain and was with him on the command bridge , gave evidence for the prosecution . Cemortan boarded the ship as a passenger but had worked on another Costa Cruises ship captained by Schettino a few weeks earlier . The dancer admitted on the stand under duress that she and Schettino had a sexual relationship , something the captain had previously denied . She also accused Schettino of calling for a helicopter to rescue him , which he has denounced her for in a separate lawsuit . A native of Castellamare di Stabbia , near the southern city of Naples , Schettino comes from a seafaring family , Italy 's Corriere della Sera newspaper reports . He graduated from the well-regarded Nino Bixio nautical institute in Piano di Sorrento , in Naples province , 30 years ago , according to the news agency Adnkronos . He joined Costa in 2002 as a safety officer , served as a staff captain , and was appointed captain in 2006 , according to the cruise line . Like all Costa masters , Schettino was "  constantly trained , passing all tests . " Costa chairman Pier Luigi Foschi , who retired after the disaster , had said Schettino had never been involved in an accident before . However , in court it was revealed that in June 2010 he scraped his ship , the Aida Blu , against a port wall in Germany . After the 2012 accident Foschi played down the possibility that alcohol played a role in the disaster , saying he did not believe Schettino drank , and that all crew were subject to random drug and alcohol tests by Costa Cruises . But Foschi placed the blame for the wreck squarely on the captain , saying it was his choice to deviate from frequently traveled routes in order to "  impress the passengers , " as Schettino admitted . Schettino is also accused of abandoning his passengers , who were unable to look after themselves , and to whom he had a responsibility as captain , when he left the ship before they did . Pepe tried to explain why his client left the ship ahead of so many passengers . He used a graphic to illustrate the inclination of the ship at the time Schettino apparently lost his balance and fell into the lifeboat that took him to shore . He said that once on shore , Schettino was able to conduct the rescue operation and that he never lost control of the operation . The attorney also addressed the famous exchange between Gregorio De Falco -- commander of the Livorno Port Authority the night of the accident -- and Schettino , during which De Falco told Schettino to "  get back on board for f**k 's sake . " Pepe called De Falco 's tone degrading and said the commander was unprofessional and egotistic at a moment when he should have been a voice of calm . Schettino initially appears to play down the scale of the disaster , saying only that a "  technical failure " has occurred . He then tells an official he has abandoned the vessel , according to the transcripts , which prosecutors say match those used in their investigation . But as the official questions his decision , Schettino appears to reverse course and says he did not abandon ship but was "  catapulted into the water " after the ship ran into a rock , began taking on water and started listing . As the night unfolds , the coast guard commander repeatedly questions why Schettino , as captain , is not on the ship when passengers are still aboard . But Schettino appears unwilling either to go back on board or to take charge of the desperate evacuation efforts , the transcripts reveal . In addition to questions over how Schettino handled himself after the wreck , questions also lingered about whether the captain should have ordered an evacuation sooner and why no "  mayday " distress signal was sent . READ MORE : What the Concordia leaves behind CNN 's Peter Wilkinson and Barbie Latza Nadeau contributed to this report .	Costa Concordia captain Francesco Schettino convicted , gets 16 years for shipwreck Schettino comes from seafaring background and went to well-regarded nautical institute Schettino has blamed colleagues , and even the ship itself for the disaster
CNN  -- His father 's death certificate , long-lost relatives and a town possibly named after an ancestor are just a few of the details John William Harris found as he researched his family tree . Harris , 62 , a sales executive and consultant from Atlanta , Georgia , had always hoped to learn more about his family , including his father , John Henry Harris , whom he said was murdered by another man when he was 5 years old . "  The man who killed my father was never tried in a court of law . In small-town Gainesville , Georgia , in 1953 , such a crime -- black on black -- was not considered important and often went unpunished , " said Harris . Lt. Stephanie Gilbert of Hall County Sheriff 's Department said there 's no file telling exactly what happened , because records from that period were burned by a former sheriff . Gainesville police said they did not have records from that time , either . His death certificate indicates Harris died from complications after a stab wound . "  I had long put the lack of knowledge of his murder behind me , " said Harris . "  This revelation about the lost records only rekindles the old feelings and my desire to know the truth of what happened . " Harris ' journey to learn more about his father 's life and death and his family background took him to the internet and into U.S. census records and other online websites . Harris grew up with his mother 's family on Race Street in Gainesville  the family called it the "  Big House "  and heard a lot about their history . But Harris said his family hid most information about his father 's death in order to protect him and they did not have a lot of recorded information about that side of his family tree . However , Harris said he was inspired to learn more about his past after recently watching the PBS special "  African American Lives . " "  After seeing what was possible and how fulfilling it was for those who discovered their backgrounds , I felt both encouraged and a little guilty I had n't made the effort before , " said Harris . Harris is one of millions of Americans interested in learning and researching details about family origins . A Harris Interactive poll  no relation to John Harris  found 87 percent of Americans want to know more about their family background . For his search into his father 's side of the family , Harris did n't have much information to work with when he started -- only his father 's and grandmothers ' names . When Harris began , he found it difficult to focus on his career or even eat and sleep . "  I was so engaged about learning information about my history and spent many hours researching it online . My wife joked that I spent more time on the computer than I did with her or at my job , " Harris said with a chuckle . "  Researching family history is not hard , but it takes work being a detective , " said Harris . "  The computer , the internet and the accumulation of databases that never existed before make it easier to get started right in your own home . " Many subscription websites allow you to access databases for a fee and it 's a big business . For instance , ancestry.com says it has more than 1 million paying subscribers and has the largest collection of records on the internet . Subscribers can pay as little as $ 12.95 a month for access to some records . Higher fees provide greater access . Some of the other fee-based sites are onegreatfamily.com , worldvitalrecords.com and footnote.com . Familysearch.org is maintained by the the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints  LDS  . This site is free . It is organized by volunteers , so there is no hidden cost to join or access the vast database . LDS said it has about 50,000 hits a day on its site . Microfilm copies of original U.S. census records from 1790 through 1930 are available for research at the National Archives in Washington and its 13 regional archives . Many libraries and courthouses also store tax and property records and other documents that might help trace people through history . For Harris , his first big discovery was an unknown uncle , Ebbie Harris , listed in a 1920 census record . Harris learned his father 's brother had died as a schoolboy . "  I was shocked he ever existed , " said Harris . Harris also said he discovered at least 50 relatives he did n't know about while using census reports from 1900 to 1930 on Gainesville , Georgia . "  It was exciting to see the names of all of my family . " The census records opened his eyes to how big his family was . Harris was amused by some of the details revealed by the records . "  I learned my grandfather Wade Harris was 69 years old and married to my grandmother , who was only 31 when the census was taken in 1920 . I was amazed at their age difference , " Harris said with a chuckle . Harris did n't find out a lot of new details about his father beyond the year of his birth and the exact date of his death . "  It was thrilling to see confirmation of his date of death . Though the details were minute , the joy of discovery was overwhelming for me , " Harris said . For Harris , researching his past has been a roller-coaster ride of many emotions , but he was glad to be on the journey . One of his greatest highs was when he discovered the town of Chamblee , Georgia , may have been named after his great-great grandfather . "  Apparently Ransom Chamblee , a former slave , made such an impression on the local people that when the town applied for a post office they may have named the town after him , " said Harris . A historian in DeKalb County , Georgia , said there is a strong possibility that the town was named after a former slave named Ransom Chamblee , but could not confirm it . Harris said investigating his family has been rewarding and has given him a sense of belonging and knowing more about his history . "  Above all , I am appreciative of the struggles so many have gone through to prepare the way for us , " said Harris . Harris has been married to Mary Alice , his high school sweetheart , for nearly 45 years . They have three children , six grandchildren and two great-grandchildren . "  I 'm happy that our family tree is captured for them and more will be forthcoming , " said Harris . "  I hope they will take advantage and continue the efforts . "	Poll finds 87 percent of Americans have interest in their family roots John William Harris is one of millions of Americans who traced his family tree Many free and subscription websites allow access to research genealogy in the U.S.
Mashable  -- Facebook announced in a blog post Tuesday that Timeline will be coming to all users in the next few weeks . According to a Facebook blog post Tuesday -- or rather , an update to the post published when Timeline became available to all users -- you will have seven days to preview your Timeline and hide content you do n't want out in the open . Facebook says you 'll receive a notification at the top of your home page when Timeline has landed in your account . That seven-day preview period is the same for users who activate Timeline and those whose accounts are activated automatically . The new interface and features have been opt-in , until the roll out becomes universal . Beginning in December 2011 , users could enable the new look with one click , and then publish their Timelines for their friends to see . Those particularly eager for the new Facebook could first access Timeline in September 2011 by creating developer accounts . If you 're confused by the new look , Facebook describes its new product , "  Timeline gives you an easy way to rediscover the things you shared , and collect your most important moments . It also lets you share new experiences , like the music you listen to or the miles you run . " Facebook 's Introducing Timeline page walks new users through the new features , such as covers , stories and app integration . Learn more about filling in your timeline here Have you been holding out hoping this Timeline thing would never become universal ? Are you upset to be forced into the new look ? Let us know in the comments . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	You will have seven days to preview your Timeline before it appears Users could enable the new look starting in December 2011 Facebook 's Introducing Timeline page walks new users through the new features
CNN  -- Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has issued a decree renaming the organization the "  State of Palestine , " according to WAFA , the official Palestinian news agency . The change comes a little more than a month after the United Nations voted to upgrade the authority 's status to "  non-member observer state . " The authority had been classified as a "  non-member observer entity " until the November 29 vote . Abbas issued the decree Thursday , WAFA said . With the decree , Palestinian identification , passports and other documents will be branded with the new name , WAFA said . WAFA called the change a "  unique new move to the path of national independence . " The rebranding comes amid efforts to unify rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas following the watershed U.N. vote -- widely seen as a victory for Abbas ' Fatah faction -- as well as the recent conflict between Israel and Hamas in Gaza . Read more : Hamas leader unbending , but seeks Palestinian unity After the conflict , Hamas was given approval to hold its first rally in the West Bank , which Fatah controls . Hamas , which controls Gaza , allowed Fatah to stage a rally there Saturday . Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy has also invited Abbas and Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal , who lives in Cairo , to a meeting to discuss Palestinian unity . Read more : Gaza rally called step toward unity for Fatah and Hamas	NEW : Rebranding comes amid efforts to unify rival Palestinian factions Decree from Mahmoud Abbas renames Palestinian Authority as the "  State of Palestine " Change comes after the U.N. upgraded the authority 's status to "  non-member observer state " The authority had been classified as a "  non-member observer entity " until the vote
Cairo  CNN  -- The case against the Muslim Brotherhood 's spiritual leader Mohammed Badie and 682 other supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy was adjourned Tuesday at a Egyptian court until next month , defense lawyer Gamal Abdel Meguid said . It comes a day after the same court sentenced 529 supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood to death . They were convicted on charges related to violent riots in the southern Egyptian city of Minya in August , including the murder of a police officer , the country 's official news agency said . Only 147 of the defendants were reportedly in court Monday . Sixteen people were also acquitted at the hearing . Tuesday 's case against another 683 defendants relates to the same unrest . Sixty-two of Tuesday 's accused were in attendance for the proceedings at Minya Criminal Court , Meguid said . They had no legal representation in court because defense lawyers boycotted the trial in protest over the death sentences handed down Monday to the 529 Morsy supporters , he said . He was among those boycotting proceedings . Badie , who is being held in custody in the capital , Cairo , did not attend court Tuesday due to security concerns . A verdict is due to be delivered on April 28 . Will Egypt carry out sentence ? Amnesty International : ` Grotesque move ' Monday 's mass sentencing prompted wide criticism , with rights group Amnesty International condemning it as "  a grotesque move . " "  This is injustice writ large and these death sentences must be quashed , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , deputy director for Amnesty International in the Middle East and North Africa . While Egypt 's courts are quick to punish Morsy supporters , Sahraoui said , they "  ignore gross human rights violations by the security forces . " The Muslim Brotherhood also issued a statement Monday saying the sentence "  violates judicial norms . " However , the head of the Justice Ministry 's press office , Abdel Azim el-Ashry , rejected criticism in a statement published by Egypt 's State Information Service on Tuesday , saying the court 's ruling was not final and that all the defendants have the right to appeal . He also said the more than 350 defendants sentenced to death in absentia could seek new legal proceedings if they appeared in court . Students protest death sentences For the second consecutive day , students held a protest at Minya University against the death sentences handed down Monday . Omar Abdel Baset , head of the students ' union , told CNN that security forces had dispersed Tuesday 's demonstration . Several students were injured by pellets that security forces fired at protesters , he said . The demonstration was in support of three students who are among the defendants in Monday 's case . Last summer 's riots in Minya took place after a deadly crackdown by security forces on two large sit-ins in Cairo , where demonstrators were supporting Morsy , the former head of the Muslim Brotherhood 's political arm . Morsy , who was elected president in 2012 , was ousted in a coup in July amid widespread protests against his rule , with opponents accusing him of pursuing a divisive and Islamist agenda . He and other Brotherhood leaders were rounded up after the coup and now face a variety of charges . In December , Egypt 's interim government officially declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? Report : Egypt 's army-backed government resigns Five killed in clashes between Egyptian police , Muslim Brotherhood protesters CNN 's Kellie Morgan and Heba Fahmy reported from Cairo , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	Verdict against 683 accused Muslim Brotherhood supporters expected on April 28 On Monday , at least 529 supporters of the movement were sentenced to death The cases relate to violent riots in the southern Egyptian city of Minya in August Spiritual leader Mohammed Badie was not among the 62 defendants in court Tuesday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Jordan 's King Hussein sent a secret message to President Richard Nixon in 1970 pleading with him to attack Syria , according to declassified documents released Wednesday by the former president 's library . President Nixon works at his desk in the Oval Office in a June 1972 photograph . The papers are among about 10,000 documents released by the Nixon Presidential Library , some of which offer harbingers of present-day events , such as concerns about terrorism and Saudi Arabia . Library director Timothy Naftali said the documents describe challenges such as how to get the Saudis more involved in solving the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , how to get them more engaged against terrorism , how to address the Arab view that the United States always sides with Israel and how to build up moderate Palestinians to counter extremists . A 1973 diplomatic cable cites this objective : "  isolate and undermine terrorisms -LSB- sic -RSB- and commandos -LSB- sic -RSB- by establishing another , more stable and respectable Palestinian political entity and political personality . " Documents detail U.S. efforts to persuade Saudi Arabia to move away from Fatah , the military wing of the Palestine Liberation Organization , because U.S. officials believed the PLO was supporting the terrorist-linked , anti-Israel group Black September , referred to as BSO . The document , a U.S. State Department telegram from the embassy in Jeddah to Washington reads , "  BSO and Fatah -LSB- are -RSB- now linked together in vicious effort to create chaos and uncertainty . One might wonder whether central objective BSO conspiracy was not to erase any slight progress toward Middle East peace . " The document release was intended to coincide with Mideast peace summit among Palestinian , Israeli and other Mideast leaders in Maryland , Naftali said . The Nixon White House also was adjusting to Israel 's acquisition of a nuclear weapon . "  We are declassifying the records today that laid the basis for Richard Nixon 's decision in 1969 to accept the fact , a fact of life , that Israel had a bomb , a nuclear device , " said Naftali . "  That , of course , is very important with what 's going on in Annapolis . " "  Even though it is clear from the documents that the United States government did not encourage Israel to acquire a nuclear deterrent , it became a fact of life , " Naftali said . "  There are materials here that show how our government , 30 years ago , dealt with this very , very difficult problem . " Rather than openly declare itself as a nuclear power , Israel still maintains a strategic ambiguity over its nuclear weapons capability . In 1970 , as King Hussein dealt with threats by both Palestinian refugees in his country and Syrian military forces crossing Jordan 's border , the king asked "  the United States and Great Britain to intervene in the war in Jordan , asking the United States , in fact , to attack Syria , " Naftali said . "  Syria had invaded Jordan and the Jordanian king , facing what he felt was a military rout , said please help us in any way possible . " The telegram indicates that Hussein himself called a U.S. official at 3 a.m. to ask for American or British help . "  Situation deteriorating dangerously following Syrian massive invasion ... , " the document said . "  I request immediate physical intervention both land and air ... to safeguard sovereignty , territorial integrity and independence of Jordan . Immediate air strikes on invading forces from any quarter plus air cover are imperative . " The library has withheld the Nixon documents from public access until Wednesday and have been reviewed for release and/or declassified , Naftali said . Nixon served as president from January 20 , 1969 , to August 9 , 1974 , when he resigned under political pressure during the Watergate scandal -- the only U.S. president to do so . He died in 1994 after suffering a stroke at the age of 81 . E-mail to a friend	Telegram : King Hussein wanted U.S. strike on invading Syrian troops in 1970 Nixon White House urged Saudis to distance from PLO 's Fatah organization Papers also discuss Israeli acquisition of nuclear weapon Documents among 10,000 papers released Wednesday by Nixon Library
CNN  -- I 'm no stranger to the kind of dehumanized violence we saw happen in a Colorado movie theater earlier this summer . As a hostage negotiator , I 've been held hostage myself four times in the line of duty . That 's never a comfortable place to be , but I kept in mind that the success rate of hostage negotiators is as high as 95 % and I knew why . Hostage negotiators are successful because they build trust through dialogue . That dialogue changes the mindset of the hostage taker so he will surrender his weapons and hostages , even though he is aware he will probably go to prison . In essence , the hostage negotiator becomes a "  secure base " to the hostage taker . A secure base provides a sense of safety and stretch , just as a parent , grandparent , or caretaker provides their child both protection and encouragement to go out and explore and take risks . Today , I work mostly with corporate leaders instead of hostage takers . In my book "  Care to Dare " I define a secure base as "  someone or something that gives protection or sense of protection , inspires or brings forth energy within an individual . " With this inspiration and energy , individuals step out of their comfort zones and strive to fulfill their untapped potential . I believe this quality is the single most important criterion for delivering sustainable high-performance leadership . See also : Want be a leader ? Act like one Many hostage takers have few secure bases in their lives . Hostage taking is always preceded by a loss or a series of losses . The most dangerous hostage taker is the person who has no attachments and refuses to talk . However , when a hostage negotiator offers hopes , options , and positive solutions by gaining the trust of the hostage taker , he or she can become a secure base . To become a secure base to my hostage takers meant caring about them as people and gaining their trust to explore positive solutions both for them and their hostages . Once I understood the motivation behind the hostage taking , I could begin the search for options . By tactfully leading the way and while acting as a "  secure base , " I was able to disarm my four hostage takers without force . Each time , I survived precisely because I cared for the person who had a weapon trained on me . That process involved creating a relationship -- an emotional bond -- with the hostage taker . Neuroscience explains why this bonding works . The human brain has one goal : to survive . That 's why humans are always searching for the negative and instinctively act defensively . However , when a secure base creates a bond , the resulting sense of protection lets the brain shut down its defensive focus . Then the brain can look for positives and opportunities . James Holmes , the accused shooter in the Aurora mass murder , is a typical example of a "  loner " who has no secure bases or recently lost them : his university position as student , his identity , his apartment , his girlfriend , his father , to name just a few . As someone with extensive experience with severely troubled people , I see his lack of secure bases as a key contributing factor to his alleged crimes . These days , I am a professor of leadership and organizational behavior , yet I still focus on the most basic human needs that drive behavior . If leaders are not secure bases to their employees , employees can not trust them and they will be defensive and even feel like hostages . Gallup studies show extremely low rates of employee engagement : 7 % in France , 12 % in Germany , 17 % in the UK , and 28 % in the United States . The major finding was that high engagement was connected to high emotional care from the immediate boss -- a boss who became a secure base . When caring was present , the employees would "  dare " to take risks and stretch themselves to achieve great things . This winning combination of caring and daring not only shuts down defenses , it can also unleash extraordinary potential . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of George Kohlrieser .	As a former hostage negotiator , George Kohlrieser has been held hostage four times He says hostage negotiators are successful because they build trust through dialogue Today , Kohlrieser works mostly with corporate leaders instead of hostage takers He says building a "  secure base " to employees is essential for good leadership
CNN  -- As health officials continued their investigation into what role a bacterial infection may have had in the deaths of nine hospital patients and the infection of 10 others in six Alabama hospitals , one official acknowledged that they may never find out . "  We do n't know , and may never know , if the Serratia marcescens bloodstream infection played a role in the deaths of these patients , " Dr. Elizabeth D. Ennis , chief medical officer of the Baptist Health System , said Tuesday in a statement . She was referring to the infection caused by rod-shaped bacteria that were discovered in bags used in intravenous feeding -- also referred to as total parenteral nutrition . The infection would have entered the bloodstream easily and "  with a pretty quick effect in terms of blood pressure and temperature , " said Dr. Donald Williamson of the Alabama Department of Public Health in a conference call Tuesday night with reporters . But the products no longer pose a threat to anyone who has not already been identified , he added . It was not clear how many people in all had been administered the solution , he said . The infected IV bags have been removed from the hospitals and the product has been recalled , he said . "  For the pharmacy and these patients , this is now a closed loop , " he said . "  The bigger challenge is how did this happen , and what can be done to reduce the risk of contamination in the future . " The nutrition product , which was recalled last Thursday , was made by Birmingham , Alabama-based Meds IV , which did not respond to phone calls left Tuesday and Wednesday ; its website was offline on Wednesday . Of the five patients at Shelby Baptist Medical Center who were infected , two died ; of the seven infected at Princeton Baptist Medical Center , four died , Ennis said . Of two cases at Select Specialty Hospital , one died ; of three cases at Medical West Hospital , one died ; the one case at Baptist Prattville proved fatal , but the one case at Cooper Green Hospital did not die , said Dr. Jim McVay , director of healthy promotion and chronic disease for the Alabama Health Department . Baptist Prattville , 80 miles south of Birmingham , was the sole hospital outside the Birmingham area . The outbreak was identified March 16 when two hospitals reported unusual cases of bacteria among high-risk patients -- an outbreak that had begun in late January , according to McVay . Patients who get the product are typically already very sick , McVay said . Williamson praised those involved . "  This is actually the way the system should work , " he said . "  In this case , a couple of hospitals identified that they were seeing what they perceived to be an unusual number of cases of serratia marcescens bacteremia . "  When they saw that , they contacted us and the CDC and we contacted the CDC and very quickly you got the shutoff of the production of the product , the cessation of use of the product and then you quickly got an investigation done to identify both what the most likely source was as well as where the source came from and some idea of the magnitude of the problem . " CNN 's Craig Bell contributed to this report	NEW : "  We do n't know , and may never know , " says chief medical officer of the Baptist Health System The investigation is ongoing The outbreak was reported March 16 The product was recalled Thursday and no longer poses a threat , a state health official says
Tokyo  CNN  -- When the Japanese business community talks about the incredible bounce back of Japan 's supply chain , the name Renesas Electronics is usually on the tip of their tongues . You can see why . Their factory in the city of Naka is humming with life today , showing little signs of the devastation it suffered following the earthquake and tsunami a year ago . The remarkable part of Renesas ' success story is not that it was achieved , but that the full recovery of its plant happened months ahead of schedule . "  I was wondering if this sterile room or this factory would ever be the same again , " said Naka Plant general manager Takashi Aoyagi , pointing out the immaculate , sterilized production floor where the company 's microchips are manufactured . Aoyagi was at the plant when the magnitude 9.0 earthquake struck on March 11 , creating a force so powerful that he was thrown across a room with the furniture . Ceilings caved in , computers cracked and critical air filters were jammed with dust -- Renesas ' computer chips rely on sterile , dust-free conditions for production . Aoyagi was looking at a clean-up operation unprecedented in the firm 's history . The worldwide auto industry was also looking at an unprecedented problem because of the damage to this one plant . When 70 % of all drivers in the world start their cars , the microchip inside the vehicle 's computer whirls to life . This computer chip is essential to the car 's functionality , though most vehicle owners have no idea of its existence or that it traces back to Renesas Electronics . Drivers may still not know the name Renesas , but automakers got a jarring lesson in the importance of the company 's role in the car parts supply chain . The auto industry began to raise the alarm shortly after the earthquake -- production lines around the globe could grind to a halt without a rapid recovery at Renesas . The company , with its highly specialized technology , had forged a relationship with so many car manufacturers that the bulk of the industry relied on its microchip . New auto sales plummeted 37 % after disaster "  You have people outside of Japan who relied on most of components outside of Japan to not source from other countries . Thinking before , Japan would have been a very reliable source . Now understanding that it 's not the case , even for Japan , " said William Saito , a council member on national strategy and policy for Japan 's government . Automakers like Nissan say they learned that lesson and have diversified their supply chain . What that means for companies like Renesas Electronics is the company is looking at more competition and a demand for reductions from its buyers . Renesas ' president , Yasushi Akao , said the lessons of the supply chain break is another hurdle for Japanese companies , which already face economic headwinds of the strong yen and high production costs in Japan . But he believes his company can survive and even thrive amid the global economic pressure . "  I really believe it 's part of our company 's power , " he said . Akao points to the remarkable weeks after the quake . Thousands of workers descended on the Naka factory , working without electricity or running water in sub zero , winter weather . Half of the people working on rebuilding the company were volunteers from Renesas ' customers and partners . "  They never complained , " recalled plant manager Aoyagi , who still gets emotional thinking about the massive effort . He said the workers and volunteers organized themselves and even found ways to find water and food on their own , while focusing on getting the company back to pre-quake status . He admits his company is facing new pressures and will have to deal with them , despite the fact that the Naka factory is a shining example of the supply chain 's rebound . But he believes his company can do it . Aoyagi then paused and looked out at the sterile production room , busy with the massive orders from his customers around the world . He has recent history as proof of what determination can do .	Renesas Electronics , which makes microchips , suffered huge amount of damage Auto industry was also looking at an unprecedented problem because of the damage to this one plant When 70 % of all drivers in the world start their cars , the microchip inside vehicle 's computer whirls to life Thousands of workers descended on the Naka factory in the aftermath to clean up plant
Orlando  CNN  -- What had been planned as an extended weekend work day in the Casey Anthony murder trial abruptly ended Saturday morning as the judge overseeing the case ordered a recess over the sudden emergence of what one analyst said must be a major issue . "  Obviously it 's big , and obviously it 's troublesome and obviously it 's something that ca n't be disclosed , " HLN legal analyst Linda Kenney Baden said . Judge Belvin Perry emerged from his chambers Saturday morning after nearly an hour of discussions with attorneys both in and out of the courtroom to announce the day 's planned testimony would be canceled . He said only that the delay was due to a legal issue unrelated to complaints prosecutors raised first thing Saturday morning about expected testimony from Kenneth Furton , a chemistry expert the defense had planned to call Saturday . Anthony 's lawyers are trying to discredit the prosecution theory that the Orlando woman rendered her 2-year-old daughter Caylee unconscious with chloroform , duct-taped her mouth and nose and stored the body in her trunk for a few days before dumping it in the woods . Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts , including first-degree murder . The defense says Caylee accidentally drowned in the family pool and that Anthony and her father panicked and covered it up . In what has become a familiar strain during the trial , prosecutor Jeff Ashton complained to Perry that defense attorneys did n't disclose Furton 's plans to testify about things that were n't contained in his initial report provided to prosecutors or mentioned in his formal interview with them . Perry has previously admonished Baez for failing to disclose planned testimony to prosecutors , going so far as to say he will consider contempt proceedings against him once the trial is over . Furton was to testify about explanations for vile odors and the presence of chloroform in the trunk of Casey Anthony 's car , where prosecutors claim Anthony stored the body of 2-year-old Casey Anthony before dumping the remains in a wooded field . Chloroform can be given off by a decomposing body , and one prosecution expert described the levels of the substance in the trunk of Anthony 's white Pontiac Sunfire as "  shockingly high . " Several witnesses also testified for the state about odors that they said smelled like the unmistakable scent of human decomposition . Furton did not provide specific alternative explanations for the presence of odors or chloroform in his initial report or in his interview with prosecutors , Ashton complained . "  Once again we are in the position of experts having supplemented their opinions without notifying the state , " Ashton said . Defense attorney Jose Baez disagreed , saying nothing in Furton 's planned testimony differed from his previous opinions . "  Mr. Ashton can continue to make these allegations and make these allegations and then suddenly they become true in his world , " Baez said . "  But I do not believe they are true . " Perry indicated that he would not allow Furton to testify on Saturday , but did n't rule on the controversy before ordering the trial to recess until 8:30 a.m. Monday morning . But he did hint at his frustration . "  You would think this would have grown old by now but I guess some things never change , " he said . Saturday marked the end of the fifth week of testimony in the trial , which began with opening statements on May 24 . Perry lengthened Saturday 's work day from the usual half-day in an effort to speed the trial 's conclusion . He originally told jurors , who are being housed in an Orlando hotel shielded from media coverage of the trial , that the trial could last six to eight weeks . On Friday -- before Saturday 's delay -- Baez said he expected the defense to rest on Wednesday or possibly Thursday . That would leave room for a rebuttal case from the prosecution and closing statements before the Independence Day holiday . It is unclear how Saturday 's delay will affect those plans . Anthony could face the death penalty if convicted of the most serious charge , first degree murder . The charges against her also include misleading authorities and aggravated child abuse . Caylee was not reported missing to police until July 15 , 2008 , when Anthony 's mother , Cindy Anthony , tracked down her daughter and demanded answers regarding Caylee 's whereabouts . Prosecution witnesses described Anthony 's behavior in the month after Caylee was last seen as nonchalant , testifying how she spent time with her boyfriend , went shopping and to nightclubs . Baez said in his opening statement that Anthony behaved as she did because years of sexual abuse by her father and had conditioned her to conceal the truth and hide her pain . George Anthony has denied the claims that he abused his daughter or helped conceal his granddaughter 's death . CNN 's Michael Christian contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Judge abruptly calls recess in the Casey Anthony murder trial NEW : Judge Belvin Perry cites only an unspecified legal issue NEW : Before recess , lawyers tussle again over undisclosed testimony Casey Anthony is charged in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee
CNN  -- I am white . I know that 's a terribly big surprise , considering that I write a blog called Stuff White People Like , but I mean it , I 'm white . Like really white . I 'm not attempting to assert some sort of superiority through my whiteness ; quite the opposite actually . Thanks to my liberal upbringing , I am imbued with the appropriate amount of guilt and shame about my ancestors and their actions in the New World . Even in my home , I ca n't offer a blanket to a nonwhite friend without the fear that they will look at me and say "  no smallpox on this right ? " A joke , but I still want to apologize . I 'm a white male . I belong to a group that pretty much always been able to own land and to vote . I 'm more or less from the kind that grabbed power somewhere after the fall of Rome and never let go . In other words , I 'm the kind of white guy that has never experienced any real oppression . Although I guess my ancestors technically left England because of some religious persecution and in spite of a rough boat ride and a rough first Thanksgiving , it 's safe to say it worked out pretty well . Unless you got one of those aforementioned blankets . But in addition to being white and having ancestors on the Mayflower , I 'm also Canadian . Yes , I know that might actually make me more white than before , but it also technically makes me an immigrant to this country . Still , I am loath to call myself an immigrant because I do n't want to demean the very real , very difficult challenges faced by immigrants to this country who have had to overcome differences in language , culture and distance from their families . I would say my biggest hardship has been trying to find Ketchup Chips . But in the eyes of the U.S. government , I am an immigrant , the same as someone from China , Mexico or India . I would not be in this country had I not met my wife in graduate school , and I am thankful every day for her and the opportunity to live in the United States . So when the census came around , I was absolutely thrilled . I 've lived in the United States for eight years  four of them as a graduate student  , and in that time , I have never been able to vote or access any public services . The census meant I was going to be counted , I was going to be a part of American history . A good part , not that blanket part . When the form arrived , I scanned the options and quickly checked "  white . " I would have checked "  Canadian " but that option was n't anywhere to be found . There it was , I was a white American , or technically a white American Permanent Resident . But then I started thinking about what it really means to be a white American . As long as America has been around , I would have been considered white . I would have checked the same box in the 1790 census , had my relatives decided to stay on their land instead of moving to Canada to stay loyal to the King of England . But not everyone who checked that box on the census has always been considered white . Irish , Italian , Jewish , German and Eastern European have all been considered not white . or at the very least "  not American . " All of these groups came to America amid widespread discrimination , and yet through the process of assimilation and Americanization , the status of white was slowly conferred upon them  read "  The History of White People " or "  How the Irish Became White " for actual , intelligent research on how this happened  . And with this new-found white status also came the status of "  ethnically American . " Of course , a lot of people will say that there is no such thing as an ethnic American and that everyone who becomes a citizen is an American . And this is true to the letter of the law , but if we consider the popular perception of immigration and the American dream , to say that white skin has nothing to do with it would be complete folly . In the popular myth , immigrants arrive as huddled masses yearning to be free and most of the women wear scarves around their head . They move to the Lower East Side or some other suitably "  ethnic " community , they change a last name , they learn English and within one generation they are welcomed into the country as ethnic Americans and granted that wonderful privilege of checking the white box on the census . The reality is that America has a long history of welcoming immigrants who will never be able to check that white box on the census , and unfortunately that means America also has a long history of discrimination against those people regardless of their status in the country . Just one example would be the treatment of Japanese-Americans during World War II contrasted against the treatment of German-Americans . But all of that was in the past right ? Well , ask yourself this : Who is more likely to get pulled over and forced to show his papers in Arizona today ? A first generation Canadian immigrant , or a 10th generation Mexican-American ? What I hope this census will force the country to deal with is the fact that white immigrants like me will never again make up the majority of people that come to this country . America is not getting whiter , it will never get whiter . Well , unless we start handing those blankets out again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christian Lander .	Christian Lander checked the "  white " box on the 2010 census form , but says it 's complicated He 's an immigrant  Canada  , but has access to historical advantages of "  white " box Popular myth of U.S. immigration does n't include discrimination against non-whites , he says Lander : Census should remind us that America is moving away from a "  white " box majority
CNN  -- A U.N. tribunal convicted two Serb cousins Monday of having burned alive more than 100 Muslims in what the presiding judge called a part of the "  wretched history of man 's inhumanity to man . " Serb Milan Lukic has been found guilty of burning alive more than 100 Muslims . Milan Lukic and Sredoje Lukic were convicted of crimes dating back to the early 1990s , during the bitter ethnic conflict that ravaged the former Yugoslavia . Milan Lukic organized a group of local paramilitaries with ties to police and the military , sometimes referred to as the "  White Eagles " or "  Avengers , " according to an indictment . Before and during the war , his cousin Sredoje Lukic worked as a policeman before joining the group . The crimes include two incidents in which Muslim men , women and children were forced into homes that were then set on fire -- and some who tried to escape were shot . Milan Lukic was found "  guilty of persecutions , murder , extermination , cruel treatment and inhumane acts , as crimes against humanity and war crimes , in relation to six discrete incidents , " the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia  ICTY  at the Hague said . He was sentenced to life in prison . Sredoje Lukic was found guilty of "  aiding and abetting the commission of the crime of persecutions inhumane acts , murder and cruel treatment . " He was sentenced to 30 years in prison . Their crimes were committed during the 1990s . Bosnia-Herzegovina seceded from Yugoslavia in 1992 and Radovan Karadzic declared himself president of a Bosnian Serb republic . The Bosnian Serbs , backed by the Serb-dominated Yugoslav military and paramilitary forces , quickly seized control of most of the country and laid siege to Sarajevo , the capital . During the conflict that followed , the Serb forces launched what they called the "  ethnic cleansing " of the territories under their control -- the forced displacement and killings of Muslims and Croats . The cousins ' cases are a small part of the caseload the Tribunal has dealt with regarding violations of humanitarian law committed in the former Yugoslavia between 1991 and 2001 . Since its creation the Tribunal has indicted 161 people on charges of serious violations of humanitarian law . The court found Milan Lukic responsible for the murder of 59 Muslim women , children and elderly men in a house in the town of Visegrad . "  On 14 June 1992 , the victims were locked into one room of the house which was then set on fire , " the tribunal wrote . "  Milan Lukic was found to have placed the explosive device into the room , which set the house ablaze . Milan Lukic shot at people trying to escape from the burning house . " Sredoje Lukic "  knew what would happen to the victims that he helped herd " into the home , the court wrote in its judgment . Milan Lukic was also found guilty of the murder of at least 60 Muslim civilians in another house in Visegrad later that same month . The court found that he and others "  forced the civilians inside the house , blocked all exits and threw in several explosive devices and petrol , setting the house on fire . " In all , the court found that Milan Lukic "  personally killed at least 132 Muslim people . " The defense for both men denied the accusations against them , but the evidence demonstrated their guilt , the court said in its judgment . "  The perpetration by Milan Lukic and Sredoje Lukic of crimes in this case is characterized by a callous and vicious disregard for human life , " presiding judge Patrick Robinson said . "  In the all too long , sad and wretched history of man 's inhumanity to man , the Pionirska street and Bikavac fires must rank high . "  At the close of the twentieth century , a century marked by war and bloodshed on a colossal scale , these horrific events stand out for the viciousness of the incendiary attack , for the obvious premeditation and calculation that defined it , for the sheer callousness and brutality of herding , trapping and locking the victims in the two houses , thereby rendering them helpless in the ensuing inferno , and for the degree of pain and suffering inflicted on the victims as they were burnt alive . "	U.N. tribunal convicts Serb cousins of burning alive more than 100 Muslims Milan Lukic , Sredoje Lukic convicted of crimes dating back to the early 1990s Muslim men , women and children forced into homes that were then set on fire
The comment on the Facebook page of the Norwegian tabloid newspaper Verdens Gang last July was unequivocal . "  The death penalty is the only just sentence in this case !!!!!! " it said . Written by Thomas Indrebo , the "  case " to which the message referred was the meticulously planned mass murder of 77 people in Oslo on July 22 , 2011by Anders Behring Breivik . This week , the Breivik case has finally come to Oslo central criminal court . But Indrebo , who , as it happens , had been selected as a "  lay " judge  the Norwegian version of the U.S. and UK jury system  , was n't in court . He had been dismissed for his Facebook comment which the case 's presiding judge , Wenche Elizabeth Arntzen , suggested could "  weaken trust in his impartiality . " Strangely enough , even Breivik , who posted his murderous intentions on his own Facebook page just before the July rampage , might have agreed with Indrebo 's Facebook comment . Speaking in court yesterday , Breivik admitted : "  There are only two just and fair outcomes of this case . One is an acquittal , the other is capital punishment . " Breivik 's bizarre comment captures the baffling nature of a case that has so far lurched from the grotesque public confessional of a mass murderer to the equally tasteless spectacle of a hatemonger whose racist delusions seem to have been fed , in part at least , by the Internet . Indeed , virtual networks like Facebook , YouTube , Wikipedia and the World of Warcraft seem to offer as good clues as any to why this 32 year-old man should decide one day to blow up and shoot as many fellow Norwegians as he could . Anders Behring Breivik may or may not be found to be clinically insane . But beneath or beside his madness , there 's something about Breivik which captures , in extremis , the increasingly delusional , violent and narcissistic nature of our digital culture . It would , of course , be crass to blame something as tragic as the mass murder of 77 innocent Norwegians on social media . And yet it would be equally irresponsible to simply ignore these signs and refuse to draw any connection at all between Breivik 's troubled personality and the broader culture forces in our electronically networked world . Firstly , there 's his self-evidently narcissistic personality which has enabled him to stand in an Oslo court this week and unselfconsciously boast about what he called "  the most sophisticated and spectacular political attack in Europe since World War II . " It was this same narcissism , of course , that also generated his 1,500 page "  2083 Manifesto " as well as his prolific postings on social media sites like Facebook and YouTube . Narcissism , of course , was n't invented by the Internet and it would be absurd to establish a causal connection between self-love and mass murder . That said , however , today 's digital media culture -- which shatters the 20th century mass audience into billions of 21st century authors and enables them all to broadcast their most intimate thoughts to the world -- seems to be making narcissism the default mode of contemporary existence . As Stephen Marche notes in an excellent Atlantic cover story this month about Facebook : "  Rising narcissism is n't so much a trend as the trend behind all other trends . " Social networks like Facebook are making us lonely , Marche concludes . The more connected we think we are on social media "  communities , " he argues , the more isolated and atomized we really are becoming . And if there 's one self-evident thing on show this week in Oslo 's central court , it is the loneliness of being Anders Behring Breivik . "  July 22 was n't about me . July 22 was a suicide attack . I was n't expecting to survive that day . A narcissist would never have given his life for anyone or anything , " Breivik said this week in court . But the crime , this me-terrorism , was all about him . He can talk all he likes about his association with obscure racist groups like the Knights Templar , but the truth is that Breivik is totally alone . No friends , no fellow conspirators , no girlfriend , no loved ones . Even his father had n't spoken to him for years . Then there 's Breivik 's reliance on the Internet to learn about the world -- a world that he sees in the stark Manichean terms of evil Moslems and communists versus good Norwegian Christians . When asked this week about the greatest influence on his ideology , Breivik 's answer was simple . "  Wikipedia " , he said . That 's what most informed his bizarre worldview . Perhaps part of the narcissist 's affection for Wikipedia lies in its over 10,000 word article about him , an entry that describes him as a "  terrorist , " includes 200 footnotes and is almost as detailed as the Wikipedia entries on Martin Luther or Karl Marx . Indeed , given the "  open " nature of the Wikipedia editorial system , who is to say that the self-obsessed Breivik himself has n't been contributing to his own entry ? Most troubling of all is Breivik 's obsession with the multiplayer role-playing World of Warcraft , a violent online game that he played "  full-time " between 2006 and 2007 . Indeed , one of the few times that he smiled this week was when the image of his World of Warcraft character was displayed in court . Some apologists for video games have suggested that Breivik 's addiction to World of Warcraft "  means nothing at all . " But they are wrong . Given his absolute absence of remorse over the murders , it 's not hard to imagine that this obsession with violent online games has enabled him to somehow virtualize the killing of real people , transforming them from flesh and blood characters into abstractions . I have to agree with Thomas Indrebo . The death penalty is , indeed , the only just sentence in the Breivik case . That said , however , this case is n't just about a single delusional character . Breivik 's obsession with violent online games , his narcissism , his reliance on Wikipedia and Facebook are warnings about how digital media can corrupt our grasp of reality . Breivik may be a worst case scenario , but I fear that there will be more young men like him in future if virtual reality becomes our only reality .	Keen : Breivik captures the delusional , violent , narcissistic nature of digital culture Breivik killed 77 Norwegians in bomb and gun rampage in July 2011 Marche : Social networks like Facebook are making us lonely Keen : Violent video games allowed Breivik to "  virtualize " killing of real people
CNN  -- Schalke joined Bayern Munich at the top of the Bundesliga on Saturday after a 3-1 win over Stuttgart at the Veltins Arena . Schalke 's 20-year-old Cameroon midfielder Joel Matip opened the scoring in the third minute with further goals coming from Greek defender Kyriakos Papadopoulos in the 57th minute . Eighteen-year-old midfielder Julian Draxler added a third ten minutes from time . Japan striker Shinji Okazaki scored a consolation goal for Stuttgart near the end but it could n't deny Schalke the win which lifts them level on points with Bayern . Bayern lose at Moenchengladbach as Bundesliga resumes Goals from Alexander Esswein and Dominic Maroh earned strugglers Nuremberg a valuable 2-0 win against Hertha Berlin . Wolfsburg also claimed three much-needed points with a 1-0 win at home to Cologne courtesy of a goal from striker Sebastian Polter 12 minutes from time . The clash at the bottom saw Freiburg beat Augsburg 1-0 , meaning the clubs swap places at the foot of the table . The game between fifth-place Werder Bremen and Kaiserslautern ended goalless as did the mid-table match between Hoffenheim and Hannover . Sunday 's fixtures see fourth-place Borussia Dortmund travel to Hamburg while sixth-place Bayer Leverkusen host Mainz .	Schalke draw level on points with league leaders Bayern after beating Stuttgart 3-1 Nuremberg defeat Hertha Berlin 2-0 ; Wolfsburg earn three points with 1-0 win over Cologne
CNN  -- A confession : I usually have a knee-jerk reaction when television goes into its extreme-weather mode . All too often , I 've seen the machinery clank into action -- team coverage , breathless anchors , intrepid correspondents getting soaked in the rain -- only to watch the heavily hyped storms peter out . What used to be the province of local eyewitless news , gearing up at the merest threat of thunderstorms or snowfall , long ago became a cable news specialty . It 's a surefire way to goose the ratings . When I was in Tampa for the Republican convention in August , the saturation coverage of Hurricane Isaac helped force organizers to cancel the first night . Then Isaac turned out to be a bust , but the storm coverage continued to compete with the convention right up until Clint Eastwood argued with his chair . Hurricane Sandy was different . And I found myself grateful for the television coverage , as messy and chaotic as it often is . That is because the weaknesses of live , breaking news can sometimes be its strength . When news organizations jump the gun in reporting , for example , a Supreme Court decision , or an ailing person 's death , it 's hard to understand why they could n't wait a few more minutes to get it right -- why the rush to get it first can trump all else . Watch : Why Do Crazy Reporters Stand Out in the Rain ? But when a monster storm is devastating the East Coast , the fragmentary reports and incremental information are both riveting and necessary . Even a mistake becomes more understandable in this context . A CNN meteorologist cited an erroneous posting from a National Weather Service bulletin board Monday night that the New York Stock Exchange was filled with three feet of water ; the network quickly issued an on-air correction . The correspondents braving the elements seemed less like grandstanders and more like dogged fact-finders . Each development -- "  Landfall near Atlantic City ! " "  Crane down in Manhattan ! " "  Flooding in Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel ! " -- became part of a shared community experience . At least for those who still had power . Watch : Is Hurricane Sandy 's Dominant Coverage Hurting Mitt Romney ? And that , even in this age of media fragmentation , may be cable TV 's greatest service . We watch and experience the highs and lows together , even those in parts of the country that are unaffected . It is the polar opposite of a presidential campaign , with its relentless hyper-partisanship . In fact , by upending the final week of the campaign , the hurricane and the media attention surrounding it provided a uniquely unifying moment . Hurricane Hotties in D.C. : Still Stripping During Sandy Social media played a key role as well . On Instagram , the photo-sharing app , users were posting 10 Sandy photos every second -- more than 244,000 tagged #sandy by Monday afternoon . No news organization could beat that . Twitter exploded with messages and updates about the hurricane , along with expressions of concern . For the 140-character generation , it was the online equivalent of gathering around the TV set in the pre-Internet days . But the vulnerability of social media , with its lack of editors or grownup supervision , was on display as well . The web , especially Tumblr and Twitter , also were flooded with fake photos -- stock images that had been altered or were misrepresented as having been taken during Sandy . One picture , carried by the Washington Post , Daily Beast and NPR , showed sentinels guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier ; it turned out to be have been taken last month . Editors at London 's Guardian asked readers to help them spot the bogus shots by using the Twitter hashtag #FakeSandy . Watch : Many Americans Think Obama Is Jewish ? Oy . Journalism , to be sure , is better at quick snapshots than long-term probing . Since the candidates have scarcely talked about climate change , it has almost disappeared from the media radar screen . But the violent storms of recent years -- the Snowmaggeddon , the derecho , now the most far-ranging hurricane in modern memory -- suggest that we have plunged into a new and more dangerous era . Reporters need to be more aggressive in examining the role of environmental change in these superstorms . I still think there is a tendency , in the wake of Katrina , to cast every storm as a potential Category 5 killer . But given the magnitude of Hurricane Sandy , which killed at least 33 people in the United States and knocked out power to more than 7.5 million , the media hype was more than justified . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : TV coverage of storms is sometimes overblown , designed to goose ratings He says TV news can jump gun , get facts wrong , but in weather disaster it 's understandable Viewers ravenous for details , he says . Storm brought unifying moment in midst of campaign Kurtz : After Katrina , media cover every storm like it 's huge ; in this case that was justified
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Jamie Foxx suffered through his own psychological turmoil while plunging into the role of a mentally ill musician in "  The Soloist , " the actor said . Jamie Foxx plays mentally ill musician Nathaniel Ayers in "  The Soloist . " Foxx , 41 , revealed that his bond with Nathaniel Ayers was close because of his own yearlong battle two decades ago -- triggered when "  somebody slipped me something in college and I lost my mind . " "  The Soloist , " based on a true story , tells how Los Angeles Times columnist Steve Lopez , played by Robert Downey Jr. , discovered the homeless Ayers and helped the former music prodigy , who has schizophrenia . The movie comes out Friday . Foxx , who won an Oscar in 2005 for his portrayal of music legend Ray Charles , said he consulted a psychiatrist because he feared what would happen as he took on Ayers ' personality . "  I asked very foolishly , ` Can I catch schizophrenia ? ' and he says , ` No , you ca n't catch schizophrenia . ' " The doctor warned him he could experience post-traumatic stress , Foxx said . The Los Angeles Times reported that Foxx suffered "  panic attacks and bouts of paranoia " during filming . Foxx told of one early morning incident when he got so far into Ayers ' character that he called his manager and said , "  I know why Nathaniel does this and I 'm him ! " "  I explained what I was feeling to him and he said ` Foxx , you 're not Nathaniel , ' " he said . Foxx said he had "  a childhood fear of going crazy . " "  There was a sanitarium in my hometown in Terrell , Texas , called the Terrell State Hospital , and when we would visit I would go , ' I hope that never happens to me , ' " he said . He left Texas after high school to attend college on a music scholarship in San Diego , California . "  When I was 18 , somebody slipped me something in college and I lost my mind and they had to take me to the hospital , " Foxx said . "  For 11 months it was tough . " Another student served as his "  angel , " just as Lopez helped Ayers , Foxx said . "  He 'd say , ` You 're good , you 're not crazy , everything is fine , I 'm here with you . ' " Just as Ayers used a cello for comfort , Foxx would use the piano . "  I would play my music to sort of like soothe it , " Foxx said . His "  bad trip " subsided after almost a year , but Foxx said he drew on the experience to understand Ayers . "  We had a marriage , myself and Nathaniel , " he said . "  Here 's a person who happened to be great playing the cello . He happened to go to Juilliard . He happened to go to L.A. , become homeless and run into his angel , Steve Lopez . " Ayers still lives in Los Angeles and is working part-time as a janitor . The exposure to people who lived on the streets of Los Angeles taught Foxx a positive lesson , he said . "  We had a ball with them , " he said . "  They love to dance , they love to talk trash . ... They actually had a life . People were smiling and enjoying their lives . " The Oscar buzz is again building for Foxx , who is firmly established as master of the biopic . He said he and his management have "  carved out our own niche . " "  They found this beautiful story , which paralleled my life a little bit , " he said . Foxx said he 's "  got his fingers crossed " that he will be able to someday bring the character of former heavyweight boxing champ Mike Tyson to the big screen . "  I think there 's a beautiful story in it , not like Ali , " he said . "  Ali was a story of yesterday when our heroes were heroes , " he said . "  This is a different type of hero story . It 's a story of today . It 's tragedy . It 's a triumph . It 's all of it put together . " CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this story .	Jamie Foxx plays mentally ill homeless man in "  The Soloist " Foxx was frightened by experience : He had "  childhood fear of going crazy " When he was 18 , someone slipped him "  something " and Foxx ended up in hospital
Hoping to ease suffering in Syria 's besieged cities , the UN Security Council unanimously passed a resolution to boost access for humanitarian aid . All 15 Security Council member states approved the resolution , including Russian and China which had balked in the past . The document calls for an end to violence , including the use of barrel bombs , and condemns al Qaeda-affiliated terror attacks . The council strongly condemned Syrian authorities for widespread violations of humanitarian law and urged all parties to lift sieges of populated areas , including in Aleppo , Damascus and Homs . "  This resolution holds the promise of something real , " U.S. Secretary John Kerry said in a statement . "  But these steps are only first steps . The test is whether the words of the Security Council are matched with the life-saving actions the Syrian people so desperately and urgently need , " Kerry said . The resolution does not call for any sanctions or punishment and only refers to "  further steps " should it not be implemented . "  Russia has backed the resolution when it was agreed upon and became balanced , " said Russia 's UN Representative Vitaly Churkin , according to the state-run Syrian news agency , SANA . Syria 's UN Representative Bashar al-Jaafari said that humanitarian support to Syrians can not be carried out correctly and effectively unless actions match words on not politicizing humanitarian issues and unless it goes hand in hand with stopping terrorism , according to SANA . Violence continued Saturday in Syria . The local Coordination Committees , a network of opposition activists , reported at least 59 dead -- including nine children and nine women -- around the country , with the majority of those deaths in Aleppo province . CNN can not independently verify daily death tolls , but the United Nations says more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since 2011 .	The resolution is unanimous Resolution also calls for an end to violence including the use of barrel bombs In a rare move Russia and China support the resolution U.S. Secretary John Kerry says it "  holds the promise of something real "
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Prita Mulyasari has become an "  accidental hero " in Indonesia , spawning a social movement among many Indonesians in support of her battle with the country 's legal system . About a year ago , she sent a private email to a list of friends complaining that the Omni Hospital in Jakarta had misdiagnosed her illness . Somehow the hospital got hold of the email and reported her to police , pressing charges of defamation . That was only the beginning . The police promptly arrested the mother of two , throwing her in jail for two weeks before her trial had even begun . Then , she was tried and convicted in a civil suit -- twice -- before the criminal proceedings had even started . On December 4 , a court ruled in the hospital 's favor and ordered Prita Mulyasari to pay more than US$ 20,000 in damages -- many times the annual salary of many Indonesians . "  For one year , I 've gone through this legal process , " said Prita , who is known by her first name . "  There 's no certainty in the legal system . It 's not clear at all . " She smiled softly and said , "  I 'm just very , very confused and really very tired . " Her case has gotten widespread attention -- and public sympathy -- among Indonesians who believe she has been treated unfairly by a legal system that favors the rich at the expense of the poor . "  When you 've got money you can do anything , " said her lawyer , OC Kaligis . "  It 's always the small people that are victims of this injustice . " The hospital , prosecutors and -- even Prita -- did not expect what happened next : a major support movement driven by the power of Indonesia 's growing middle class and its mastery of social media . It started on sites such as Facebook and Twitter . "  Free Prita " became the rallying cry . Images of the clearly distraught Prita , separated from her two young children , generated a wave of sympathy from ordinary Indonesians and quickly made her a cause celebre . Soon , the country 's leading politicians were flocking to have their photos taken with this soft-spoken woman in a modest , Muslim headscarf . "  She 's just like us , " explained one Indonesian housewife . "  If this could happen to her , it could happen to me , to any one of us . " When the courts handed down the fine of $ 20,000 -- a small fortune in Indonesia -- bloggers began "  A Coin for Prita " campaign . They encouraged the public to send in 100 rupiah coins -- little more than a cent -- to help pay off Prita 's fine . "  When we heard about the fine , we all thought , that 's just not right , " said Yusro Santoso , one of the organizers behind the campaign . "  We thought the courts have treated this case as worthless as small change . And we thought , okay , then let 's collect all the small change to at least pay that fine . " The response was overwhelming . From street performers to business tycoons , thousands of Indonesians sent in contributions . The vast majority were coin collections , but a few wealthy donors chipped in thousands of dollars in cash . "  It 's a sign of reprimand to all the judges and the police that you ca n't do what you want anymore , " explained Prita 's lawyer , OC Kaligis . "  The conscience of the small people , they are crying why is there no justice for them ? " Volunteers stayed up until the early morning hours for a week to count the coins that kept coming in . Schoolchildren were seen counting next to retirees . One wealthier woman had enlisted the help of her entire domestic staff to help count . "  Seems to me she 's not at fault , right ? " said one girl still in her school uniform delivering a collection of coins from her class . "  Everyone has the right to criticize others , yet she was sentenced for it . " By December 20th , volunteers counted more than $ 60,000 -- far exceeding the amount needed to pay off the fine . No one seems quite sure what to do with all this generosity . Organizers have handed it all over to Prita , but she insists the money needs to go to charity . "  In my heart , my wish is to be acquitted . This money from the people should n't be given to people who already have money , " she told CNN . "  They probably earn that money in a month . But for us , it really means a lot . This money has to be used for humanitarian purposes . It 's the people 's money , so it has to be for the people to navigate the justice and health system . " In the wake of the public outcry , the Omni Hospital has offered to drop the case and waive the fine that Prita owes -- if she submits a written apology . The Omni Hospital maintains that the previous court rulings were fair and just . Omni 's lawyers have an interesting take on the "  Coin for Prita " phenomenon . "  This coin collection , legally speaking , is effectively an admission of Prita 's guilt , even though she is still appealing , " Heribertus Hartojo , Omni 's lawyer told CNN . "  We have won in the state court and the high court . Prita was proven to be guilty . So , of course , we expect the same result in any appeal . " But Prita is refusing to apologize . Instead , she is vowing to appeal to the country 's Supreme Court while she waits for criminal proceedings to conclude . She also plans a countersuit against Omni hospital . "  I think Indonesians are just tired . They are fed up with the injustices in this country , " she says . "  These coins can speak for us . After all , anyone can give a coin so anyone can be a part of this . "	Prita Mulyasari sent email to friends complaining a Jakarta hospital misdiagnosed her illness Hospital got hold of her email and reported her to police , pressing charges of defamation Court ruled in hospital 's favor and ordered her to pay more than US$ 20,000 in damages Bloggers began "  A Coin for Prita " campaign to help pay off Prita 's fine ; Prita vows to appeal
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Liv Tyler does n't like to be bothered by her agents at night . But it 's a good thing she took their call pitching her "  The Incredible Hulk . " Liv Tyler plays Betty Ross , a colleague of Edward Norton 's Bruce Banner , in "  The Incredible Hulk . " "  My agent called me one night ... I had just put -LSB- son -RSB- Milo to bed . It was like 9 o'clock at night , and I always get grumpy with them when they call me really late , " she told CNN . "  They said , ` Marvel would like to fly you to Los Angeles tomorrow . Will you get on a plane to come and meet for ` The Hulk ' ? And I said I ca n't come tomorrow , but I can come the next day . " The flight turned out to be well worth it -- though Tyler said she was discombobulated by the speed of it all . "  I went and met with -LSB- director -RSB- Louis -LSB- Leterrier -RSB- and they offered me the part that day , " she said . "  I was kind of floored because it just happened so quickly and I did n't get to read the script . ... -LSB- But -RSB- it was kind of a no-brainer . " In the new "  Hulk , " "  The Lord of the Rings " actress plays Betty Ross , a former colleague of scientist and Hulk alter ego Bruce Banner  Edward Norton  . She said working on the film brought back memories of her childhood watching the TV show starring Bill Bixby and Lou Ferrigno .  Ferrigno has a cameo in the new film . "  I loved the TV show when I was a kid , " she said . "  I used to watch it all the time with my mom . It was our favorite show . " Tyler , 30 , said that she felt a tremendous sense of responsibility to the "  Hulk " mythology , particularly since a 2003 film on the character met with mixed reviews . Watch Tyler , Norton and Leterrier on the latest "  Hulk " " "  Well , a lot of people would say -- even I said -- ` Oh , they 're making "  The Hulk " ? ' Did n't they do that already ? " she said . But she added , "  The fans love this so much ... and there 's so much detail to the story , I always feel quite stressed about that , like I really want to do the part justice . ... I definitely feel that responsibility and want to do the best job that I can . " CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Actress Liv Tyler says "  Hulk " role came unexpectedly Tyler plays Betty Ross in new film version of Marvel superhero Tyler says she was huge fan of TV show with Bill Bixby
CNN  -- England battled to a morale-boosting 1-0 win over world champions Spain at Wembley Saturday with their stand-in captain Frank Lampard scoring the only goal early in the second half . The home side were lacking regular captain John Terry and star striker Wayne Rooney , but were rewarded for a dogged display against a Spain side who had the bulk of possession but created few chances . Lampard took his in the 49th minute and can rarely have scored a simpler goal as he headed home into a gaping net after Darren Bent 's header from a James Milner free-kick hit the post and rebounded invitingly for him . Spain , who had not lost to England for 10 years , continued to force the home side back , with Tottenham midfielder Scott Parker outstanding in a rearguard action , being named man of the match . Fabio Capello 's experimental central defensive partnership of Joleon Lescott and Phil Jagielka also held firm throughout , but Spain still might have equalized . David Villa 's volleyed shot hit the post with England goalkeeper Joe Hart beaten and substitute Cesc Fabregas sent a late effort wide from an excellent scoring position . The final whistle came as a relief to the capacity crowd of just over 87,189 and Lampard , who was substituted by Gareth Barry after his goal , said his team would not be getting carried away with their victory in the friendly . "  For everyone it is a lift , but we have to be realistic . We know they dominated the game for long periods , " the Chelsea star told ITV Sport . "  The back four and Scott  Parker  were fantastic , " he said . "  They are without doubt the best team in the world . It gives us something to build on but we know we have to improve . " Lampard 's Chelsea teammate Terry , under investigation by the English FA for an alleged racist comment in a match against Queens Park Rangers , is expected to return for Tuesday 's match against Sweden . But Rooney , who is appealing against a three-match Euro 2012 ban , has been left out of the squad as Capello experiments for next year 's finals . In other international friendly action Saturday , Wales continued their fine recent form with a 4-1 home win over Norway in Cardiff . Tottenham 's Gareth Bale and Craig Bellamy of Liverpool scored to put Gary Speed 's men 2-0 ahead and two late Sam Vokes ' goals made the game safe after Erik Huseklepp had pulled one back for the visitors . Mexico beat Serbia 2-0 with Manchester United 's Javier Hernandez scoring the second to make the game safe for the home side .	England beat Spain 1-0 in a friendly international at Wembley Stand-in captain Frank Lampard scores only goal in second half England securing first victory in 10 years over world champions Gareth Bale scores as Wales beat Norway 4-1 in Cardiff
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has denied reports that he plans to hand over power to UEFA chief Michel Platini before the end of his final four-year tenure as the head of world football 's governing body . Blatter , 75 , was elected unopposed for a fourth term in June after allegations of bribery and corruption led to the suspension of his sole opponent -- the former head of the Asian Football Confederation , Mohamed Bin Hammam of Qatar . Former France international Platini was voted in for a second term as head of European football 's ruling body in March , and also serves as a FIFA vice-president . A report from ESPN on Tuesday claimed a deal had been struck between Blatter and Platini which would see the former European Footballer of the Year assume FIFA 's top job in two years . "  The existence of a reported ` deal ' between me and Michel Platini for the FIFA Presidency is pure nonsense , " Blatter wrote on his official account on social networking site Twitter . "  The suggestion that I intend to stop my four-year mandate before its end is simply ridiculous . " It has been a troubled 12 months for FIFA , with officials Amos Adamu and Reynald Temarii both receiving bans from the organization in November 2010 . Nigeria 's Adamu and Temarii of Tahiti were accused of offering to sell their votes during the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . Adamu 's appeal against his three-year ban will be heard by the Court of Arbitration for Sport on October 4 . Bin Hammam , who was Asian president when Qatar was awarded the 2022 tournament , was then suspended in May and subsequently handed a lifetime ban from football for allegedly offering bribes in exchange for support in June 's presidential ballot . The 62-year-old denies the charges and his appeal hearing against the ban will be heard on Thursday .	Sepp Blatter denies a plot to hand over FIFA presidency to Michel Platini Report from ESPN suggests Platini would succeed Blatter in two years Platini is the president of European football 's ruling body UEFA Blatter was elected unopposed for a fourth term as FIFA chief in June
CNN  -- A Rwandan accused of "  complicity " in the massacre of students at the college he headed during the country 's genocide 15 years ago has been arrested in Italy , where he served as a clergyman , an international police agency said . Interpol hailed arrest of Uwayezu as a demonstration of effectiveness of international police co-operation . Officers from the Italian Carabinieri and Interpol 's National Central Bureau in Rome , Italy , arrested Emmanuel Uwayezu -- who had been wanted in Rwanda , the international police organization Interpol said Wednesday in a news release . Uwayezu , 47 , is accused of genocide , conspiracy to commit genocide , complicity in genocide and crimes against humanity . He is in Italian custody and is awaiting extradition to Rwanda . According to Interpol 's statement , the Rwandan arrest warrant says Uwayezu was alleged "  to have acted individually and as part of a conspiracy to plan and commit genocide by instigating Hutus to kill Tutsis in the area of Gikongoro , as director of the Groupe Scolaire Marie Merci college in Kibeho . " He is accused of "  participating in meetings with government and military authorities which allegedly planned the extermination of the Tutsi ethnic group " and "  complicity in the massacre of some 80 students in May 1994 in the college which he headed . " Uwayezu arrived in Italy in 1997 , took an alias , and was working as a vicar at the Church in Empoli commune near Florence when he was seized , Interpol said . The man was identified after Interpol 's fugitives unit received information and pictures from Rwandan authorities . The Archdiocese of Florence issued a statement about the arrest two days ago , saying it hopes the justice system will come up with the truth about the case . But , it said , "  we stand by the fact that Don Emmanuel has always declared his estrangement to the events in question and we accompany him in prayers . " One Italian news report noted that Uwayezu is a priest of Hutu ethnicity and lived and worked as vice-parish priest in Ponzano , part of the county of Empoli . Don Guido Engels , the head of the parish and a priest , told the ASCA news agency that "  Don Emmanuel never cultivated feelings towards another ethnic group . He always wanted peace . " "  The arrest of Uwayezu demonstrates the power and effectiveness of international co-operation between police worldwide in obtaining information in relation to the identification , location and apprehension of fugitives around the world , " said Jean-Michel Louboutin , Interpol 's executive director of police services . "  This operation is a credit to law enforcement officers and agencies in Italy and Rwanda . " Two years ago , Interpol created a unit dedicated to searching for fugitives in the genocide who were wanted by Rwanda and the U.N.-sponsored International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda . So far , seven people wanted by Rwanda and five wanted by the tribunal have been arrested . Police in Uganda recently arrested and extradited a man who is among the most wanted suspects from the Rwandan genocide . Idelphonse Nizeyimana was picked up at a hotel in Rubaga , a suburb of the capital , Kampala . The arrest , by Ugandan police , was part of an operation between the tribunal , Ugandan authorities , and Interpol . Nizeyimana was transferred Tuesday to a U.N. detention facility in Arusha , Tanzania , where the tribunal is based . The 1994 Rwandan genocide left an estimated 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus dead over a 100-day period , the United Nations and Interpol say . Millions more were raped and disfigured , and nearly an entire generation of children lost their parents .	Emmanuel Uwayezu accused of genocide , crimes against humanity Alleged to be part of a conspiracy to kill Tutsis in area of Gikongoro , Rwanda Uwayezu arrived in Italy in 1997 , took an alias , and was working as a priest Was identified after Interpol received information and pictures from Rwanda
CNN Student News  -- January 13 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Mississippi Haiti New Zealand & Papua New Guinea Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- At noon on May 16 , 1990 , a runaway truck struck a minibus at the foot of Jerusalem and bound together the lives of 22 people : 18 Israeli Chasidim , two American Jews , an Israeli Arab and an Israeli Jew who had just found religion . The last died at the wheel of his bus . The rest of us returned to our homes to heal -- a medical jet flying me , my broken neck and a respirator back to New York . I was 19 . In time , half of my paralyzed body returned to life , my spastic left side not quite keeping up with my right . I was a hemiplegic and would be always . And when last year I returned to Jerusalem at age 40 , stepping from the plane with my cane and ankle brace , I hoped to write of the crash and its place in my life . It had taken me years to tease out where I ended and my disability began . Yes , I knew that had my neck not broken , I would have gotten a haircut that May day , would have played baseball in college , would have become a doctor . But what of the rest ? Was it owing to the crash that I was not married , that I was ever-mindful of time , that people seemed to tell me what they told no one else ? I wondered if my crash-mates wondered similar things . I wondered how they had made sense of the crash . And so , 22 years after it , I set off to look for them . *** I found the Chasidim first . They were a large extended family that , together with me and my American friend , had been riding the bus to Jerusalem where they planned to worship at the Western Wall , the Kotel . I found them in the ultra-Orthodox town of Bnei Brak . They welcomed me into their home . Surrounded by seven shelves of holy books , Yaakov , the family patriarch , told me that God had caused the crash and spared our lives . He said we had to follow the example of Job and serve God though we did not understand him . TED.com : There are no scraps of men Next , I found the widow of the bus driver . She was a secular Jew of Yemeni descent and lived in the industrial town of Petach Tikvah .  She wished to keep her name private .  She told me that her husband had feared nothing but God . And , she said , it was God who had ordained the crash . "  It is written , " she told me . "  If you do n't believe that , you will go crazy . " Finally , in the Arab town of Kfar Qara , I found the driver whose truck had crashed into the left rear of the bus where I sat . Abed told me that he had become religious after the crash and that the crash was an act of God . He then paused from his coffee and his Hebrew to speak an Arabic word : Maktoob . "  It is written . " I left Abed , mindful as I drove south toward Jerusalem that , in this land of competing narratives , Arab and Jew were for once in perfect agreement . *** Maktoob made a certain sense to me , for I had long wished to see the story of what befell me written down , formed into a coherent narrative . But not by God . By me . And so , years ago , I had settled on my own variant of maktoob : It will be written . Now -- 23 years later -- it finally is . I have written my book . And it occurs to me that whenever any of us wish to assimilate why we suffer  or prosper  , we must choose between these same two narratives . We can attribute our lots to God and his writings , his unknowable ways . Or we can root them in the natural world and chronicle them ourselves -- on paper or simply in our minds . We can take comfort in ultimate if inscrutable justice . Or we can take comfort in observable reason and responsibility . *** At first , I threw my lot in with God . Never mind that I had long struggled with the theological implications of life 's evident unfairness . I was being prayed for and I was recovering , and at age 19 , that sufficed . Religion and maktoob were comforts -- the notion of divine authorship  and its obvious extension , ultimate justice  elastic enough to accommodate even inflexible facts like the Holocaust and that my mom was both good and burdened with a vascular disease . But in the end , whether one believes  or not  is not a choice . It is an empirical question . And in time , I came to see that I did not believe in a deity that choreographs crashes . I soon saw just as clearly the uncomfortable fact that I was agnostic regarding God  though my love of Judaism , its traditions and teachings , did not wane  . Maktoob -- reassuring , prescriptive -- was gone for good . TED.com : My story -- from gangland daughter to star teacher But the need in me to make sense of things was not . Like all of us , I still needed a narrative ! And as the years passed , and I failed to translate my thoughts into words on a page , I feared , as had John Keats , "  that I may cease to be Before my pen has glean 'd my teeming brain . " *** I write narratives for a living . And so , seated at my Jerusalem window last year , ready to at last look back and write , I was familiar with the task at hand , the need to gather information and to then look for patterns in it . But as a writer , I also knew to be wary of pareidolia , the perception of a pattern or meaning where it does not exist . I knew that each of us is apt to overlook those patterns that do exist if they are inconvenient or painful . And I knew that particularly those narratives we write about ourselves can be as detached from the truth as those we inherit . And so , when written records -- hospital files , diaries , photos -- contradicted my memories , I deferred to them and tried to learn from the difference . That I misremembered that a girl in college had canceled our date after seeing my wheelchair a first time  when in fact she had long known that I used it  reminded me that I had long seen the shadow of disability where it was not present . And it was then I saw how similarly intent my crash-mates were to see God in a wrecked bus . Yaakov , the Chasid , told me that God had saved his family because grandmother Etel had said Psalms before boarding the bus . He did not note that the family had headed to Jerusalem only because Etel had suggested they go to the Western Wall  or that God might have done better by them by not causing the crash at all  . The widow of the slain bus driver said that God had taken her husband . She did not note that he had died at a bend in the highway known by some in Israel as "  sivuv hamavet , " the turn of death , where between 1980 and 2010 , according to the State of Israel Central Bureau of Statistics , there were 144 accidents with casualties . Abed , the truck driver , said that God , not he , had caused the crash  adding that he had lived an unholy life before the crash , partying in Tel Aviv and Haifa  . He did not note that he had ignored large yellow signs instructing him to shift his truck into a low gear  evidenced by police photographs of his brake pads  . And he did not note that he had already been guilty , at age 25 , of 26 driving violations . But I noted these things . And what for so many years had seemed to point to the arbitrariness of life was soon evidence of the opposite -- my broken neck the almost inevitable consequence not of a divine plan , but of a reckless driver , a truck loaded with four tons of tiles , a backseat with no headrest , and a dangerous road . And it was out of this recognition that the narrative of a slim book grew , careful always to make sense , to reflect , to contextualize -- the obvious efforts of a once passive victim to exert agency over an ungovernable act . TED.com : The why and how of effective altruism That agency is important for the writer . It is what enables him or her to wring meaning from facts and observations , and then be free of them . And because agency informs the narrative , it is important for the reader too . Millennia after Job suffered , my Chasidic crash-mates put him forth to me as an example of faith in the face of sorrow . But he had ached to write his own narrative too . "  Oh that my words were now written ! " Job said . "  Oh that they were printed in a book ! " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joshua Prager .	23 years ago , a bus crash forever changed the life of Joshua Prager Prager 's broken neck led to paralysis ; only half his body functions normally He visited others affected by crash , learned that they accept it as God 's will Prager : I see the crash as result of a dangerous road and poor truck driver
CNN  -- Day-long clashes between police and rioters marked a controversial holiday march in Northern Ireland , leaving dozens of officers injured and widespread damage in Belfast . The violence began overnight , on the eve of July 12 , known as "  The Twelfth " by Protestants who march to celebrate the victory of English king William III over his ousted Catholic predecessor James II in 1689 . More than 100 riot police removed Catholic protesters from a road in north Belfast to allow the march to take place , journalist Peter Taggart told CNN Monday . Rioters pelted police with Molotov cocktails and other explosives , and officers fired baton rounds and used water cannon in attempts to break up the crowds , police said . A policewoman was struck in the head by an object thrown at her , and ambulance crews who rushed to the scene were confronted by rioters , police said . Her condition was unknown . Several vehicles were carjacked and set afire , police said . Police have not yet released details of the number of arrests made , or the number of people injured . However , authorities earlier in the day reported that at least 27 police officers were injured in the clashes . The injuries are not thought to be serious , police spokesman John Anderson had said . The violence took place in two different parts of the city on the eve of a holiday often marked by tension between Catholics and Protestants . Tensions in Northern Ireland as marching season begins The disruption began minutes before the start of the holiday -- also known as "  Orangeman 's Day . " Because of the sectarian nature of the holiday , celebrations have sometimes been marred by violence in the past . "  This is utterly wrong and I condemn it in the strongest possible terms , " police district Chief Superintendent Mark Hamilton said in a statement early Monday . "  Those involved in tonight 's violence were intent on causing mayhem and destruction . " Hamilton said police were investigating the incident . "  We have appealed for calm in the run up to the Twelfth of July and we continue to do so , " he said . "  We would appeal to anyone with influence in the community to exert it to ensure that the next few days pass off without incident . " On Saturday , police in Northern Ireland said a roadside bomb that exploded in a border caused significant damage to both a road and a nearby bridge . District Cmdr. Chief Alasdair Robinson said he believed that police officers were the target , and that the bomb was placed in the area in an attempt to injure or kill them .	Rioters attack police on historic Protestant holiday At least 27 police injured in two different locations , including three hit by shotgun blast People throw objects and explosives Disruption began on eve of holiday
Federal prosecutors Friday filed felony charges against former U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. , alleging the illegal misuse of about $ 750,000 in campaign funds for personal expenses and gifts . The formal charges of conspiracy , making false statements , and mail and wire fraud , were made public in federal court only days after Jackson had signed a plea deal with prosecutors who were investigating potential financial improprieties . After the charges were filed Friday , Jackson issued a statement accepting responsibility for making mistakes and bad decisions . He did not dispute prosecutors ' allegations . The charging document filed in Washington says the Illinois Democrat purchased a variety of luxury items , including furs and Michael Jackson memorabilia with campaign funds . Jackson signs plea deal , wife resigns from Chicago City Council Campaign credit cards were used to purchase $ 582,772 for personal expenses , according to the document . Prosecutors contend Jackson and his wife , Sandra Stevens Jackson , tried to conceal conversion of the money for personal benefit . Among the more expensive items listed are a gold-plated Rolex watch valued at more than $ 43,000 that Jackson purchased for himself . He also purchased nearly $ 9,600 worth of children 's furniture with campaign funds , the court document says . More than $ 5,000 in fur capes and parkas were bought from Beverly Hills , the prosecutors said . Read the case against Jackson  PDF If convicted , according to the document , Jesse Jackson Jr. would forfeit $ 750,000 and a list of specific property that had been purchased . That includes a Michael Jackson hat valued at $ 3,900 ; a Michael Jackson fedora , valued at $ 4,600 ; a football signed by U.S. presidents , worth $ 5,000 ; the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. memorabilia , totaling more than $ 10,000 ; and many other items from Michael Jackson and Bruce Lee collections . Jackson will not have to appear in U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia until his case is assigned to a judge , who will set a date to take Jackson 's plea . Officials say it will be up to that judge to determine whether Jackson will serve any prison time . Under applicable federal laws , he could receive only probation or up to a theoretical maximum of five years . Sandra Jackson was referred to as a conspirator in the charges against her husband . She was identified not by name but by title as manager for the campaign to re-elect Jesse Jackson Jr. , beginning in 2011 . The long strange saga of Jesse Jackson Jr. . Federal investigators charged Jackson 's wife with filing false federal income tax returns for the couple from 2006 through 2011 . If convicted , she could receive up to three years in prison and a maximum $ 250,000 fine . In a statement released by his Washington lawyer , Jesse Jackson Jr. said , "  Over the course of my life I have come to realize that none of us are immune from our share of shortcomings and human frailties . Still I offer no excuses for my conduct and I fully accept my responsibility for the improper decisions and mistakes I have made . To that end I want to offer my sincerest apologies to my family , my friends and all of my supporters for my errors in judgment and while my journey is not yet complete , it my hope that I am remembered for things that I did right . "	Purchases include Michael Jackson items , prosecutors say Charges over alleged misuse of campaign funds Jesse Jackson Jr. says he has no excuses His wife is charged with filing false tax returns
CNN  -- Two children and one adult were killed Friday after a man with a painted face launched a knife attack at a children 's daycare center in Belgium . Police look at a hearse parked in front of the childcare centre in Dendermonde where the attack took place . Officials said two adults and 10 children , some of whom were in a critical condition , were being treated in hospital following the attack in Dendermonde , 25 kilometers  16 miles  northwest of Brussels . "  The guy just went crazy , " local official Theo Janssens said , according to Agence France-Presse news agency . He was arrested an hour and a half afterwards , according to the Interior Ministry . Reports said he was trying to make his escape on a bicycle . The attacker entered the day care center in Dendermonde , about 16 miles northwest of Brussels , around 10 a.m.  4 a.m. ET  and began stabbing children and staff , the ministry said . Local journalist Bart Bekaert told CNN that the attacker 's face was painted black and white . Hear Bekaert describe the attack " "  Witnesses say he looked calm . There was no security and he just walked straight in , " he added . AFP reported that the man was not known to staff at the nursery . "  You do n't expect such acts happening in a daycare center , " Dendermonde deputy prosecutor Jan Kerkhofs told CNN . "  It is not like a prison so there are no bars on the doors or security systems . "	2 children , 1 adult killed in knife attack at creche , Belgian Interior Ministry says Three others reported seriously injured in attack in town of Dendermonde Attacker "  had painted face , " local journalist tells CNN
CNN  -- A group of Columbus , Ohio , police officers hopped on the Powerball bandwagon , but unlike the majority of ticket buyers , the players will walk away from the frenzy $ 1 million richer . The majority of approximately 20 officers work either in the department 's forgery or auto theft unit , according to department spokesman Sgt. Rich Weiner . "  It 's nothing anyone can really retire from , but a lot of people are going to have a nice holiday season , " said Weiner , who was not involved in the pool that purchased the tickets . The group 's ticket had the five winning numbers , but their Powerball number was one off from the winning Powerball 6 -- a not-so-lucky number 5 , according to Weiner . The group planned to come forward late Thursday , according to the Ohio Lottery Commission . Once confirmed , they officers will share the winnings . Wednesday night 's drawing produced 58 $ 1 million tickets and eight $ 2 million tickets , according to the Multi-State Lottery Association . Winning Powerball tickets sold in Missouri , Arizona CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Police officers share winning ticket They missed only the Powerball
CNN  -- A California entrepreneur is helping salvage the dream of a father and son from Indiana who died trying to pilot a plane around the world in a record-breaking quest for charity . Entrepreneur Ashar Aziz has donated the remaining half of the $ 1 million Babar Suleman and his 17-year-old son Haris were hoping to raise for a Pakistan charity that helps poor children go to school . The Sulemans ' plane crashed into the Pacific Ocean near American Samoa on July 22 , ending a voyage that was months in the making and would have taken the father-son duo on a 26,500 mile adventure around the world in 30 days in their single-engine plane . Had they completed the flight , the teenager would have been the youngest pilot to achieve the feat . "  I was deeply saddened and shocked to hear of the tragic end of Babar and Haris ' fundraising mission , " said entrepreneur Ashar Aziz . Aziz was a high school classmate and friend of Babar Suleman . "  I felt that the best way to honor this brave father and son duo was to complete their mission of raising $ 1 million for the charity that was dedicated to providing free education for the underprivileged . " The Sulemans were raising money for the Indiana-based group Seeds of Learning , which supports the work of The Citizens Foundation in Pakistan . They had raised half their goal when their Beechcraft Bonanza A36 crashed into the Pacific 23 miles from the island . In an interview with CNN affiliate WISH TV in June , only days before the pair set off , Babar Suleman , also a pilot , spoke of the importance of the work done by the Pakistan charity . The money raised , he said , would help open schools "  for underprivileged children who otherwise would not have a hope of getting an education and may even end up in the wrong hands . " Aziz said , "  Since this is a cause I also believe deeply in , it was only appropriate that I help complete my old friend and class-fellow 's humanitarian mission . " Cookie Suleman , Babar Suleman 's wife and Haris ' mother , was "  really , really touched , " according to Danial Noorani , spokesman for The Citizens Foundation , the parent organization of Seeds of Learning . The body of Haris Suleman was recovered after the crash , but his father is missing and presumed dead . Services for the teen were held Thursday in his hometown of Plainfield in central Indiana .	An Indiana father and son 's dreams of raising $ 1 million for charity come true Babar Suleman and his son Haris died when their plane crashed in the Pacific A former classmate of the elder Suleman donates the remaining funds to Pakistan charity
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Andrew has denied knowing anything about his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson 's alleged offer to an undercover tabloid newspaper reporter to sell access to Queen Elizabeth 's second son for # 500,000  $ 723,000  . His comments came after News of the World posted a video on its Web site Sunday that appears to show Ferguson accepting money from an undercover reporter in exchange for an introduction to Prince Andrew . Ferguson is also filmed on hidden camera telling the reporter -- who was posing as a wealthy businessman -- that a payment of # 500,000 "  opens doors " to Andrew . She then shakes hands with the reporter after he accepts the deal . On Monday the royal family moved quickly to distance itself from Ferguson , who has never been far from the headlines since she married Prince Andrew , the Duke of York , in 1986 . The couple separated in 1992 and divorced four years later . "  The Duke of York categorically denies any knowledge of any meeting or conversation between the Duchess of York and the News of the World journalist , " Buckingham Palace said . Prince Andrew has carried out his role as a British trade envoy since 2001 "  with complete and absolute propriety and integrity , " the palace said . In a statement issued Sunday , Ferguson , 50 , apologized for the incident . "  I very deeply regret the situation and the embarrassment caused , " the statement said . "  It is true that my financial situation is under stress , however , that is no excuse for a serious lapse in judgment and I am very sorry that this has happened . " The tabloid said its reporter and Ferguson met on two occasions , once in New York and another time in London . Read more about Ferguson In the heavily edited , roughly four-minute video , Ferguson appears to accept $ 40,000 as a down payment for a meeting with Andrew , then later discusses a wire transfer of the larger sum . "  If we want to do a big deal with Andrew , then that 's the big one , " she says . When asked how she would receive the # 500,000 , she tells the reporter , "  You send it to the bank account that I tell you to send it to . " "  Then that , is then like you open up all the channels whatever you need , whatever you want ... and then you meet Andrew and that 's fine . And that 's ... when you really open up whatever you want . But then that opens up everything that ever you would ever wish . " The tabloid said Prince Andrew , 50 , who has been the UK 's special representative for international trade and business since 2001 , was not aware of the deal . In the video , Ferguson tells the reporter that Andrew "  never does accept a penny for anything . ... He does not and will not and he is completely whiter than white . " In her statement Sunday , Ferguson confirmed Andrew "  was not aware or involved in any of the discussions that occurred . ... The duke has made a significant contribution to his business role over the last 10 years and has always acted with complete integrity . " CNN 's Lonzo Cook contributed to this report .	Prince Andrew denies knowing about ex-wife 's alleged offer to sell access to him British tabloid posted video of Sarah Ferguson meeting with undercover reporter Video appears to show her accepting money in exchange for access to ex-husband Ferguson apologizes : "  I very deeply regret the situation "
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor was rushed to a Los Angeles hospital Friday after her doctor diagnosed her with "  a massive blood clot , " her publicist said . Gabor 's left leg was "  swollen like hell " and she had an infection in her right leg , her husband , Prince Frederic Von Anhalt , said Friday evening , as his wife was being treated in the emergency room at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center . She had "  no blood flow to her leg , " Von Anhalt said . Gabor "  was complaining about her leg swelling and hurting her " Friday morning , so a doctor was called to her Bel Air , California , home , publicist John Blanchette said . The doctor diagnosed Gabor with a "  massive blood clot , " which he feared could move from her leg to her heart , Blanchette said . Paramedics took Gabor , 93 , to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , where she had undergone hip replacement surgery in July , he said . She spent several weeks in the hospital over the summer . She has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , Von Anhalt said . The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge ; " "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 ; "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 ; and Orson Welles ' 1958 classic , "  Touch of Evil . "	NEW : Gabor 's left leg is "  swollen like hell , " her husband says The actress was rushed to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center Friday Gabor , 93 , underwent hip replacement surgery last summer
Washington  CNN  -- Being president pays ; $ 400,000 a year , in fact . That salary has increased over time . President Harry Truman left office in 1949 making $ 100,000 . When Richard Nixon entered the White House in 1969 the salary went up to $ 200,000 . It remained there for 30 years , until Congress doubled the presidential salary effective in 2001 , when President George W. Bush took office . Aside from the pay , there 's the free transportation in the presidential limousine , Marine One and Air Force One . And do n't forget the free housing in Washington 's most famous mansion , complete with a killer view of the Washington Monument , along with other perks  a personal chef , for one  . When a president leaves the White House he 's still on the government payroll , receiving an annual pension of about $ 200,000 , health care , paid official travel and an office . Rent for President Jimmy Carter 's Atlanta office is $ 102,000 per year , according to 2010 figures compiled by the Congressional Research Service . President George H. W. Bush 's Houston office costs $ 175,000 per year . President Bill Clinton 's office in the pricey real estate market of New York City is $ 516,000 . Not too bad , huh ? But these taxpayer-funded benefits are nothing compared to the big bucks presidents rake in writing books . "  My Life " netted Bill Clinton a $ 15 million advance . George W. Bush earned $ 7 million for the first 1.5 million copies of "  Decision Points . " Jimmy Carter has written 14 books . "  He was broke when he came out of the White House , " presidential historian James Thurber said . "  If you can write or you can write with someone else , you can write a book and make a great deal of money . Jimmy Carter did that . " President Obama wrote "  Dreams From My Father " in his 30s . Initially , it was only a modest success , selling better as his political star rose , flying off shelves when he ran for president . "  I have been blessed , " he said on the campaign trail in 2008 . "  Before this book started selling we were living in a condo and we had two cars , but one of them was beat up . " Book sales are still the Obamas ' main source of income . For the biggest payoff without too much work , speeches are the way to go . And Bill Clinton is the reigning king of the podium . Right after Clinton left the White House in 2001 , the Greater Washington Association of Executives paid him $ 125,000 for a speech , a very standard price for a former president . "  I 've never had any money until I got out of the White House , " Clinton told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in 2010 . "  But I 've done reasonably well since then . " That 's quite the understatement . Since 2001 , he 's earned $ 75.6 million giving speeches to corporations and organizations around the world , according to the latest financial disclosure required of his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The Center for Public Integrity estimates George W. Bush has made $ 15 million from speeches since leaving office . All of that money raises questions . "  I think the American people think American politics is all about money , " Thurber said . "  And this certainly does n't change their view . " In 1989 , right after President Ronald Reagan left the White House , he was lambasted for accepting $ 2 million for two speeches in Japan , then an economic foe of the United States . Not all presidents have gotten rich after leaving office . Harry Truman could n't afford to answer the copious mail he received or respond to requests for appearances . This prompted Congress to adopt pensions and benefits for former presidents in the 1950s so they were n't forced into activities deemed unsuitable for a former head of state . Some presidents come into office already very rich . If elected , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney would fall into that category . With a net worth of about $ 200 million , he would be the third-richest president in history . Adjusting for inflation , Thomas Jefferson and George Washington were the richest people to become president .  Incidentally , the pay they made in office was , for that time , nothing to sneeze at : $ 25,000  . Washington 's wealth in present-day terms has been estimated at more than a half-billion dollars .	Ex-presidents receive an annual pension , health care , paid official travel , an office Recent former presidents have made millions after leaving office by writing books Since 2001 , former president Clinton has earned $ 75.6 million giving speeches President Obama 's "  Dreams From My Father " was only a modest success initially
CNN  Spirit Airlines has a new fare deal and is announcing it with sex jokes . The low-cost carrier just acquired its 69th plane and is celebrating with $ 69 round-trip fares in April and May that include taxes and fees -- although additional baggage charges may apply . Round-trip purchase is not required , so you could actually pay $ 34.50 for a one-way flight . But the airline is getting more attention for its cheeky ad copy , which obliquely references a sexual act . "  We 've been waiting to hit 69 planes for years , " reads the offer on Spirit 's website . "  It 's our favorite number -- ever since we were twelve and found that magazine under our brother 's bed  the one with the fantastic articles  . Use your mouth to spread the word : Spirit is in an even better position to get you where you 're going . " Some observers say the promotion is sophomoric and has crossed the limits of good taste . "  You ca n't object to that price point , but you certainly can object to the discount airline 's marketing strategy , which is so juvenile it led us to wonder if Spirit 's website was hacked , " wrote Aaron Rupar of KMSP in Minneapolis . Spirit spokesman Paul Berry , in a prepared statement , said the promotion reflects the airline 's quirky culture . "  Spirit is n't your typical airline and we do n't want to be . We enjoy being different than other airlines , " said Berry , Spirit 's director of corporate communications . "  When it comes to advertising , different means we do n't spend a lot of money on advertising -- because that just increases fares . But we 're also different because our ads are fun , provocative , sometimes silly and often irreverent . They get lots of attention , " he added . "  The vast majority of our customers find these types of ads humorous and accept them for what they are . We understand there is a small group of people who feel differently . " The $ 69 fares must be booked by the end of the day Tuesday . Questionable taste or not , the promotion may be working : People were complaining on Twitter that they could n't access Spirit 's website to book flights . Based in Florida , Spirit Airlines is famous for charging fees for almost everything it possibly can . The airline 's defense is simple : Pay for what you want on your flight , and do n't pay for what you do n't want . Airline plans $ 15 flights to Europe	Spirit Airlines is offering suggestive $ 69 fares The airline announced them with a pitch that may remind us of high school jokes The cheeky airline is known for charging for almost all extras
Turkey has temporarily closed crossings to and from Syria along its border due to fighting between opposition groups inside Syria , the Turkish Commerce and Customs Ministry said Wednesday . The announcement came shortly after the United States and Britain suspended non-lethal aid to the Syrian opposition . Syrian National Coalition spokesman Louay Safi called the move "  a temporary measure to sort out the situation in northern Syria , " where the Free Syrian Army lost a weapons depot to the Islamic Front in fighting in recent days . The aid consisted of wood , medical items , non-military equipment like generators and communication equipment , he said . "  I ca n't give you a particular date but I hope this can be solved , " he added . Several U.S. administration officials said Wednesday that the fate of Salim Idris , a top rebel commander supported by the West , was uncertain in the wake of the seizure of the warehouse . U.S. officials said he had left Syria . They added that the seizure of the depot , a warehouse , could prove key in shaping how the United States deals with the Syrian opposition . U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford is expected to travel this week to the region to meet with opposition members . The officials said U.S. authorities were considering expanding their contacts with moderate Islamists who are not affiliated with al Qaeda . The Islamic Front , which announced its formation last month , is an alliance that includes tens of thousands of fighters from some of Syria 's most powerful Islamist groups , including Ahrar al-Sham , Suqour al-Sham , the Islamic Army and the Tawhid Brigade . The groups control territory in key areas across Syria and have been fighting forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad along the critical lines of Damascus and Aleppo , among other places . The front 's formation has diminished the stature of the Western-backed Free Syrian Army and its leadership abroad , the Syrian National Coalition , as leaders inside the country have sought to distance themselves from a command structure criticized for failing to serve the opposition 's needs on the ground . The alliance was formed after the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant -- known as ISIS -- succeeded as the predominant military force in northern Syria , marginalizing and even fighting Syria 's more moderate factions . ISIS 's largely foreign fighting force poses a threat to rebel groups competing for funding , resources and influence in Syria . The U.S. government suspended its aid Wednesday amid the instability near the Turkish border , State Department officials said . The suspension does not affect humanitarian aid efforts , they said . The UK Foreign Office , in a statement , said it was "  investigating events that took place over the weekend . While that investigation is under way , we will not be making any deliveries of equipment to the Supreme Military Council . "  We intend to resume support as soon as we and the SMC are satisfied the conditions on the ground allow the SMC to take safe delivery of equipment provided . " The blockage of passage to Turkey could have implications for refugees . The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees reported in September that nearly 500,000 Syrians had registered or were awaiting registration as refugees in Turkey , and those numbers have been increasing since . Meanwhile , a huge storm dubbed Alexa descended Tuesday and Wednesday on the region , dropping snow and rain whipped by high winds onto Turkey , Syria , Jordan and Lebanon , with the latter most affected , the UNHCR said . In the Bekaa in eastern Lebanon , where thousands of Syrian refugees were living in tents , emergency crews were distributing aid , it said in a statement . "  Reports from Syria and parts of Turkey spoke of similarly grim conditions there , " it said . The Syrian conflict began in March 2011 after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement and is now a full-blown civil war . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict .	U.S. officials : Fate of rebel commander Salim Idris is uncertain Opposition spokesman calls the move "  a temporary measure " Aid consists of wood , medical items , non-military equipment like generators , he says
CNN  -- The latest WikiLeaks revelations may have incurred the wrath of U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who warned they could even "  put people 's lives in danger , " but some seasoned observers believe the episode will prove more embarrassing than damaging in the longer term . On Sunday the whistle-blowing website began publishing more than 250,000 cables from U.S. embassies around the world , in what it said was the largest-ever disclosure of confidential information . The cables will be released over the course of several months , giving the world "  an unprecedented insight into the U.S. government 's foreign activities , " it said . The New York Times , Britain 's Guardian , Germany 's Der Spiegel magazine and the Spanish daily El Pais were all given advance copies of the documents . What is WikiLeaks ? Among the revelations so far are allegations that : -- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah urged the United States to attack Iran to halt its nuclear program , warning that if Tehran were to go nuclear , other countries in the region would too . -- China was growing "  frustrated " with North Korea and worried that its nuclear program posed a "  threat to the whole world 's security . " -- Russian President Dmitry Mevedev was playing "  Robin " to Prime Minister 's Vladimir Putin 's "  Batman . " "  This disclosure is not just an attack on America 's foreign policy ; it is an attack on the international community , the alliances and partnerships , the conventions and negotiations that safeguard global security and advance economic prosperity , " Clinton told reporters Monday . Transparency ? We used to call it spying But Richard Dalton , former British Ambassador to Iran , told CNN Wednesday that although it was a "  wake-up call " for the U.S. , it would not suffer any lasting damage . "  Some people may be reluctant to talk to American diplomats in some countries , while some statesmen may be reluctant to express their minds freely , " he said . "  But in the long term things are going to get back to normal simply because the Americans will correct some of the weaknesses in their approach to computer security . "  We do n't have the full details of Rupert Murdoch 's operations or the Bank of England 's operations all over the media , even though the things they do are very much in the public interest . So I think the U.S. government has simply messed up . " Dalton also cast doubt on the contention that U.S. personnel serving abroad would be in greater danger as a result of the leaked cables . "  I do n't think it 's likely , " he said . "  This is political analysis , not military . " Timeline : WilkLeaks releases In October , WikiLeaks released nearly 400,000 U.S. military reports about operations in Iraq . In July , it released more than 70,000 reports from the war in Afghanistan . However the U.S. government has not said whether any of its military personnel have died as a result of this leaked information . Richard Caplan , professor of international relations at the University of Oxford , said the U.S. government was "  overreacting " in the interest of its own reputation , adding that he understood great care was taken by news organizations to ensure potentially sensitive material was not released . "  This is going to be more embarrassing than damaging for the U.S. , " he told CNN . "  There wo n't be many surprises . If there are a few personal insults , then elected individuals can live with those . At the end of the day what matters are interests , and interests wo n't be affected . "  For example , what we 've learned about Saudi Arabia 's overtures to the U.S. did n't come as any surprise . Perhaps the tone was different , but it 's not as if we 're learning something new about Saudi Arabia 's views vis-a-vis Iran . It wo n't have come as a surprise to Iran either . "  It will be an embarrassment in terms of the public perception of relations between the U.S. government and other governments . " The international reaction to the diplomatic cables has so far been relatively mixed . Russia 's Vladimir Putin , who was described as an "  alpha dog , " told CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday that "  leaks have happened before , and WikiLeaks is not a catastrophe . " The French government released a statement Wednesday calling the controversial website a "  threat to democracy " after President Nicolas Sarkozy was described in U.S. embassy memos as "  thin-skinned and authoritarian . " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan had threatened to sue the Americans after some of the cables accused him of corruption . "  This is the United States ' problem , not ours ... Those who have slandered us will be crushed under these claims , will be finished and will disappear , " he said in quotes carried by Hurriyet Daily News . A Pakistan foreign ministry spokesman told CNN fears over the nation 's nuclear weapons were misplaced . He was reacting to a cable in the New York Times that mentioned the U.S. ambassador in Islamabad was concerned over a supply of highly enriched uranium at an aging research reactor , allegedly enough to build several "  dirty bombs . " "  Their fears are misplaced and doubtless fall in the realm of condescension , " spokesman Abdul Basit said . "  There has not been a single incident involving our fissile material which clearly reflects how strong our controls and mechanisms are . " Basit said Pakistan has "  extended experience in handling nuclear stuff . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks has published more than 250,000 cables from U.S. embassies around world Hillary Clinton : Leaked cables "  an attack on the international community " Five newspapers , including New York Times , Britain 's Guardian , given advance copied Former UK envoy says United States will not suffer any lasting damage
Washington  CNN  -- Some voters are facing a choice this November : vote or be shamed -- publicly . Voters in Alaska received a letter this weekend from the "  Alaska State Voter Program , " which told the recipient whether 11 of their friends and acquaintances had voted in the last three elections and asked a bold question : "  WHAT IF YOUR FRIENDS , YOUR NEIGHBORS , AND YOUR COMMUNITY KNEW WHETHER YOU VOTED ? " Despite the official-looking letterhead , the "  Alaska State Voter Program " is n't a government initiative . The mailer came from the conservative Opportunity Alliance PAC , which is using public voter rolls to shame or peer pressure voters into casting a vote this election , the Alaska Dispatch News reported Monday . And the political group says it will follow up after the election , with plans to send out a new mailer that lists which voters went to the polls on Nov. 4 . "  You and your friends , your neighbors , and other people you know will all know who voted and who did not vote , " the group writes in the letter . The mailer could have an impact on the crucial Senate election in Alaska next week , where Republican Dan Sullivan is looking to unseat Democratic Sen. Mark Begich , especially in a midterm elections when voter turnout slumps . One recipient of the letter told the Alaska Dispatch News she was creeped out when she realized she was Facebook friends with the 11 people listed in the mailer she received . It 's not the first time groups have tried to shame voters into heading to the polling booth . Americans for Prosperity , a conservative group backed by the Koch brothers , sent voters in Virginia a "  report card " last year that judged their turnout history at the ballot box -- and their next-door neighbor 's . "  You are one of the few individuals in your neighborhood that is not a regular voter . We 're contacting you and your neighbors today to let folks know who does and who does n't vote " the AFP letter reads , according to local NBC affiliate WWBT . "  Your neighbors who have voted in every election are concerned about our community 's well being . They 're concerned about the future of America ... Are you ? " Voters in other states have received similar "  report cards . " Another group , Values are Vital , sent Florida voters a mailer this spring that even graded their attendance record at the ballot box and also shared their neighbors ' voting track record . Liberal groups like MoveOn , the Greater Wisconsin Political Fund and America Votes have also pressured voters with voting records .	The Alaska State Voter Program mailed voters in the state this weekend The mailer used public records to see who had voted and not voted in recent elections Alaska is home to a competitive senate race this year
Pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong that began Monday with students boycotting classes and demanding less involvement of China 's Communist Party in Hong Kong 's future continued Sunday and are growing into a wider movement . Organizers said some 60,000 protesters turned out for a Saturday night rally and police tried to block them from joining other protesters that are part of a sit-in outside government headquarters . They 're protesting new election rules issued by the Chinese government in August that say candidates for the top posts in Hong Kong must be selected by a committee perceived to serve the Chinese Communist Party . The students want to pressure China into giving Hong Kong full voting rights and the ability to choose candidates independent of Beijing . Some protesters wore rain jackets , goggles and umbrellas in anticipation of the police 's use of pepper spray as tension rose following more than 70 arrests of student activists . Organizers said they would continue to occupy the area outside government headquarters indefinitely until the students are released . They want to speak directly to Hong Kong 's leader , Chief Executive C.Y. Leung . Hong Kong authorities said 34 people had been treated in hospital for injuries suffered in the protests . Student 's home seached Those arrested include 17-year-old protest leader Joshua Wong , whose parents issued a statement saying that their son 's lawyer "  can see no legal justification for this continued detention given the nature of the allegations , his young age and his clean record . " Grace and Roger Wong said they can only conclude that their son is being detained for political reasons and call his arrest " political persecution . " According to protest organizers , police spent two hours searching Wong 's dorm room Saturday . They confiscated his computer , two SD cards , his phone and a thumb drive , they said . Amnesty International issued a statement Sunday calling for the release of the activists and condemned violence against protesters Friday night , when police used pepper spray . A government statement issued this week urged teachers and parents not to let minors take part in the rallies , saying their future opportunities could be affected . Teachers were also warned that if they are convicted "  as a result of participating in unlawful activities , they will have to bear their legal responsibilities as well as professional - and career-related consequences . " Other protest group joins in Leaders of Hong Kong 's Occupy Central movement , which had planned a separate mass protest in the city 's financial district over voting rights , decided Sunday to join the student movement . Co-founder Benny Tai said he would stay with the students until the last minute and was prepared to be arrested . "  We are willing to pay the price for civil disobedience , " he said . Since the handover from Britain to China 17 years ago , the people of Hong Kong have been granted a wide range of civil liberties and a measure of autonomy under the governing principle known as "  one country , two systems . " But many believe that way of life is under threat as Beijing affirms its political authority over Hong Kong . Although most are not old enough to drive in the former British colony , the students ' political vision is clear . "  The future of Hong Kong is ours , " said 16-year-old student Phoebe Leung . "  I ca n't change Hong Kong , but if all of us are here ... we may change Hong Kong 's future . "	Weeklong student protests grows into larger movement Organizers say 60,000 protesters turn out for pro-democracy rally Authorities say 34 people have been treated in hospital for protest-related injuries Students want to pressure China into giving Hong Kong full universal voting rights
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Pirates have hijacked a Thai cargo ship in the Gulf of Aden off the Somali coast , the Kenya Seafarers Association said Thursday . The ship , the MV Thor Star , was hijacked Tuesday with 28 Thai crew members on board , said Andrew Mwangura , a spokesman for the association , which acts on behalf of merchant vessels in the region . The Thai-flagged ship is owned by Bangkok-based Thoresen Thai Agencies . Pirate attacks are frequent in the waters off Somalia , a notoriously unsafe area for unescorted vessels . Earlier this month , Canada announced it was dispatching a warship to the area to protect U.N. aid ships after more than two dozen reported pirate attacks in the waters off Somalia this year .	MV Thor Star , was hijacked Tuesday with 28 Thai crew Cargo ship hijacked in the Gulf of Aden off the Somali coast Heavily armed pirates frequently hijack cargo ships off Horn of Africa
CNN  -- People have been crying for days . Thousands have left messages , seeking to understand this tragedy . Messages like , "  I never felt so empty and cried so much for someone I did n't know personally . " Marco Simoncelli was not just one of Italy 's most promising motorcycling stars , he brought sunshine into a hard world , in hard times . And that 's what makes his death at a race in Malaysia last weekend , at the age of only 24 , so hard to bear . "  Someone says that God calls the best ones first ; maybe that 's why he had to go , " said his father Paolo , before breaking into tears . It was one of the few times his father has cried . He gave a long television interview showing Marco 's room -- that of a teenager not of a world championship rider , with posters of his hero Valentino Rossi still on the wall . After the crash at the Malaysia MotoGP in Kuala Lumpur where his son died , Paolo Simoncelli spoke a lot . Unexpectedly , he thanked everyone -- those who helped Marco , the journalists , the thousands of fans queuing in the rain for a last farewell . His father is dying inside , and we should be comforting him , but instead we wait for his words to try to comfort ourselves . He has every reason to be upset , but instead he talks to us serenely , thanking life for giving him such a shining son . Paolo tells us how positive Marco was to everyone , "  and that he was beautiful even when I saw him dead . " This is another gift we get from Marco Simoncelli -- joyful , smiling , happy when alive -- and now his family are still inspiring us to love life even when anger would be justified . Kate Fretti has been Marco 's girlfriend since 2006 . It 's known that motorsport offers lots of "  fun ' " for drivers . Marco once said : "  Lots of girls come close , it would be so easy ... But I feel good with Kate , why would I mess everything up ? " They were building their house . Not the one of a millionaire . It is right beside Marco 's parents ' house , with a huge table to have dinner with all their friends . Despite all his money , they were a normal boy and girl of our times , trying to make their way . "  Marco did n't give a damn about money , " Paolo Simoncelli said . "  He used to say : ` Can we buy food without looking at the price ? So we are rich . " He had a unique talent for expressing his emotions on a bike . He was very open to the world , even if it sometimes landed him in trouble . Back in May , after being heavily accused by Spanish press and riders of causing Dani Pedrosa to crash and break his collarbone , several death threats were addressed to Simoncelli from Spain ahead of the Catalunyan GP . At first , his Honda team and his family hid those threats from him , knowing they would shock his sensitivity . A few days before traveling to Barcelona , they revealed what was going on at a dinner . Marco was scared , but most of all staggered . His girlfriend said that , while listening to his father , Marco reduced the wine cork he was holding into tiny pieces . He kept on repeating : "  Why do they threaten me ? What I have done wrong ? " While a public figure might usually dismiss those threats as from some maniac , Marco instead questioned himself . He could n't understand why this could happen . But he was not only a genuine guy , he was also a formidable rider . Valentino Rossi is the legend , while Casey Stoner and Jorge Lorenzo are the leading lights now . But maybe nobody , not even Valentino , has the sense for overtaking and for going over the limit like Simoncelli . That 's why he was so criticized during his battle with the Spanish riders . But the same things were said 30 years ago to Gilles Villeneuve and 25 years ago to another Formula One star , Ayrton Senna . "  He is dangerous , he is crazy , someone will soon be hurt , " they said of Simoncelli . But Simoncelli was a real racer -- and that means overtaking . Carlo Pernat , his manager and a significant figure in the world of MotoGP racing , described him as : "  A driver not of this time , from an era where racing meant trying every second to go past your rival . " Obviously , a rider like this made his rivals nervous . Seven-time world champion Rossi , who loved Simoncelli as a brother , explains it best : "  Having a duel one-vs-one with Marco , it 's like if you 're going to have a punch against a huge guy : you already know you will always be the one beaten up . " Italy had a gem , a pure talent with a pure soul . That 's why the tears ca n't stop . His mother Rossella was at home at Coriano , Rimini , when Marco died . A couple of hours after his death , some of his friends gathered outside the house , crying together . She walked out , the greatest pain inside her but dignity on her face , and told them : "  No guys , stop crying . Marco would be so sad to see you fall apart . You always laughed with him , just remember the good times you had together . " Marco Simoncelli is unique for us because -- despite how Italians feel aggrieved by his fate -- when we see him again on TV , when his interviews are replayed , we ca n't help but laugh . He was the hilarious cousin always in a good mood , the one you were looking forward to spend time . Funny , mamma mia , so funny . He was our "  Super Goof . " Would you ever imagine a celebrity saying this : "  When I wake up early , for example when I have jet-lag , I run to jump in the bed of my parents while they sleep . I 'm crazy for that . " His nickname was actually "  Super Sic . " And now his last farewell has been given , bikes escorted his coffin to the church , and 60,000 people attended his funeral on Thursday . It was broadcast live by three Italian channels , while in some cities thousands of bikes gathered for a parade ended by loud roars in his honor . Spanish fans plan to go to 2011 's final MotoGP race in Valencia next weekend with thousands of curly bushy wigs like his hair . The best way to say goodbye is remember him with his own words . Words of a kid who was always surprised by the world , and made us smile so much  see picture gallery above  .	Funeral of Italian motorcyclist Marco Simoncelli held in his hometown Coriano on Thursday Gresini Honda rider died after a crash in Malaysia on Sunday at the age of 24 Simoncelli is remembered for his colorful style and positive approach to life Journalist says Italians are mourning the loss of "  a pure talent with a pure soul "
CNN  -- They have barely met , lead lives a world apart and did not speak for two years . But Emma Lundell has made Mikaela Shiffrin cry , and Shiffrin has given Lundell hope . Lundell is a 13-year-old Swedish girl . Shiffrin is an Olympic champion ski racer , one of the finest the United States has ever produced . The story begins in Ã ... re , Sweden , in December 2012 . A night slalom , under the lights , five days before Christmas . Shiffrin , then 17 years old , raced to her first-ever World Cup victory that night . In the whirlwind of celebrations , interviews and emotion that followed , she would have every reason to forget the details . Lundell was also having the night of her life in Ã ... re . Profoundly sick with leukemia , the 11-year-old had been brought to the race by a charity looking to give her a break from chemotherapy . At the end of the night , Lundell had the chance to attend Shiffrin 's post-race press conference . "  I remember it really well , " says Shiffrin , two years on . "  My first World Cup win was such a special time for me . I remember doing the press conference , doing the award ceremony , and then immediately meeting Emma . "  I remember seeing her in her cute little hat . She was so small . Every little detail of that meeting is so clear . " A seriously ill , young skiing fan thrust into the heart of the action , Lundell gingerly waited until most people had left before summoning the courage to ask Shiffrin for a picture . "  Her mother offered to take the photo so my whole family could be in the picture . I told Mikaela that I had cancer , and she was interested and understanding . She was so humble , " says Lundell . Shiffrin 's mother , Eileen , had just seen Mikaela become the second-youngest American woman ever to win a World Cup . Her teenage daughter was now a bona fide skiing sensation . "  There was so much commotion going on , " says Eileen . "  But this was one of those things that just stops you in your tracks . This poor mom , she had tears in her eyes . And when she told me that Emma was going to be undergoing treatment for cancer , I just-about died . "  We were walking away when Mikaela said , ` Oh , I should give my winners ' bouquet to Emma . ' So she ran back to find her and that was when the mom just broke down and started crying . I ca n't even imagine being in that boat . " "  My heart melted and I could n't stop the tears , " Emma 's mother , Annika , says now . "  I looked at Mikaela and I looked at her mother , and I was just happy . So happy . And proud . " ` Thinking the worst ' On January 24 , 2011 , Annika had received unthinkable news : both her husband and her daughter had cancer . The diagnoses came on the same morning . Emma had leukemia and her father , Mikael , had a brain tumor that was growing again . He had been fighting it since 2003 . "  It was horrible . The two people you love most in the world , " says Annika , 40 . Mikael 's tumor is now inoperable . The 41-year-old , a former Alpine skier , had been the initial inspiration for daughter Emma 's love of the sport . When she met Shiffrin , she came away with a new hero . "  It meant the world to me , " says Emma , speaking perfect English . "  It meant so much . It was so generous of her , and she was so good-hearted . It was a short meeting but it will stay in my mind and my heart forever . " "  Meeting Emma really resonated with me , " says Shiffrin . "  But as time went by , both my mom and I were honestly thinking -- you know -- what 's the worst that can happen , essentially . Maybe she 's not around any more . "  Which is obviously pretty morbid . You 're thinking of the worst . " Almost two years later , Shiffrin has become an Olympic champion and one of the most recognizable faces in skiing . In October 2014 , Shiffrin is nearing the end of a punishing interview schedule -- fighting back jet-lag in the Austrian Alps -- when a journalist from Expressen , a Swedish newspaper , asks her to watch a video on his laptop . There is Emma . Healthy , happy Emma , with a video message for her idol  it had been the newspaper 's idea  . Shiffrin gasps as the teenager begins to talk . "  You gave me the energy to carry on , " Emma tells her in the message , "  to keep fighting to beat the cancer . "  Today , I 'm not on chemotherapy any more . I 'm much better . I got my hair back and I 'm feeling stronger , day by day . " Eye-opening experience Shiffrin is wiping away tears as the video finishes . Eileen Shiffrin , who was in the room when Mikaela saw the message , could not believe the transformation in the girl they had met two years earlier . "  She looked amazing , " says Eileen . "  She looked so different . She had no hair when we saw her . She was definitely smaller and younger , paler and thinner -- much thinner . "  So to see her looking so filled-out and rosy-cheeked , with gorgeous , long blonde hair ... I mean , she was beautiful . And well-spoken , unbelievable . " A month after seeing that message , Mikaela Shiffrin tells CNN : "  That video brought so many emotions to the surface that I did n't even know I was feeling up until that point . "  One of my very best friends , growing up , was diagnosed with cancer when we were both 14 . "  It was two years of harsh treatments , complications from the treatments , and then the past couple years he 's been healthy -- but you would never wish that on anybody , especially not as young as Emma or my friend . "  That young , there 's a certain innocence that is immediately taken away when you 're diagnosed with something like cancer . That innocence is supposed to be there a little while longer . " Shiffrin acknowledges she has an important role to play in how she , as a prominent athlete , addresses cancer and supports victims . It is not something she had considered , growing up with only ski racing on her mind . Yet since that first World Cup win in 2012 , she has met and reached out to a number of other children with cancer . "  I wanted to race the World Cup , I loved ski racing and I wanted to be the best in the world . And that was it , " she says . "  I did n't even think about the media , and TV , and interviews . That you have to have that side of the sport , in order for it to be a sport . "  In order for me to actually see World Cup racing when I was five , my favorite athletes had to go through the whole media round that I 'm doing now . "  Especially in the past couple years , I 've gotten more used to this side of things -- having fans , having young kids out there who think I 'm their idol . "  Sometimes it feels like an obligation , more like a burden , and then I get these eye-opening experiences like meeting Emma -- then more than two years later , getting that message . I 'm very lucky . "  It seems like every year or two , something happens to me that brings me back down to earth , and I should n't be the girl that does n't have time for this . " Emma Lundell 's battle goes on : the chemotherapy is over but she will not get the all-clear for four more years . Doctors say her father will never be healthy again . "  The chemo was hard and I have lost friends I left in hospital , " says the 13-year-old . "  I have seen friends die . "  Today , I feel much better . I 'm getting stronger . I 'm happy to have my hair back , and I 'm training my fitness to return to normal life and the ski tracks again . "  Mikaela means so much to me . She cared about me , a little girl from a small town in Sweden , and my fight . " Her mother , Annika , says : "  For us , a superstar saw our little daughter and even remembered her , two years later . It 's incredible . "	Olympic ski champion Mikaela Shiffrin forms bond with Swedish girl Emma Lundell was 11 and suffering from leukemia when she met Shiffrin Lundell , now 13 , is recovering well and hails Shiffrin as her inspiration Shiffrin says Lundell reminds her of the impact she and her sport can have
Watch the full interview with Larry Flynt tonight . "  Piers Morgan Tonight " airs weeknights on CNN/US at 9 p.m. ET and on CNN International at 0200 GMT  Live simulcast  , 1200 GMT and 2000 GMT / HKT 2000 CNN -- "  I do n't have any regrets , " Larry Flynt tells CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  And I do feel that I 've done a great deal to expand the parameters of free speech . " The "  Hustler " magazine publisher , free speech advocate , and the man whom Morgan called "  America 's king of porn " will be a guest on Wednesday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Flynt 's new book , "  One Nation Under Sex : How the Private Lives of Presidents , First Ladies , and Their Lovers Changed the Course of American History , " presents an in-depth study of the sex lives of U.S. presidents . Flynt told Morgan that he reached out to Columbia University history professor David Eisenbach when he decided to write the book partly because "  nobody would want to read a history book written by a pornographer . " Flynt and Eisenbach 's research uncovered facts about presidents that they themselves unearthed . For example , the youngest-ever first lady was 19 . After Grover Cleveland 's wife died during the campaign , he married his young nanny . "  What does that mean , culturally speaking , " asked Flynt . "  Today we would not accept an 18 or 19-year-old girl as first lady . " When Morgan asked who the most sexually promiscuous president was , Flynt said it was a toss-up between Warren G. Harding and John F. Kennedy . Morgan also asked if a rumor that Kennedy would have been disgraced in a year or so -- had he not been assassinated -- were true , Flynt said it was "  probably true . " In the book , Flynt refers to Bill Clinton as "  the loveable rogue " because even though he lied , Clinton "  always wore it on his sleeve . He did n't hide it like many of the conservative Republicans do . So the nation was able to forgive him . " Sex scandals have been prevalent since the founding fathers established the United States Constitution . Flynt pointed out that Thomas Jefferson fathered children with one of his slaves , and first lady Dolly Madison "  almost single handedly turned the White House into a brothel . " Flynt also stated that "  most people are under the impression that if somebody is promiscuous that they ca n't be a good president . There 's nothing more ridiculous than that . " When Morgan asked whether "  most of the greatest American presidents would have been unfaithful , " Flynt replied "  yes , " to which Morgan observed "  there seems to be a link between naughty boys and good presidents . " Flynt was nearly assassinated in 1978 when he was shot outside a courthouse . No one was ever charged in the shooting , but Flynt maintains the sniper was a white man upset about an interracial photo shoot published in "  Hustler . " Flynt remains partially paralyzed and uses a wheelchair . Flynt told Morgan that he does n't look back at that day and that when people ask him what being in a wheelchair is like , he tells them he "  would n't have even thought about it " had they not mentioned it . Morgan also asked Flynt why the issue of freedom of speech means so much to him . "  Freedom of speech is not freedom for the fellow you love , " answered Flynt . "  It 's freedom for the fellow you hate the most . And a democracy ca n't exist without free speech and the right to assemble . And that 's what Americans tend to forget . And they 're born into a culture where they take all of their freedoms for granted . " "  When I first started out , " continued Flynt , "  I used to buy into a former Supreme Court justice 's argument that you ca n't scream fire in a crowded theater . Well , I think you can . " Morgan asked Flynt what his preferred news headline would be following his death , "  Larry Flynt , pornographer , " "  Larry Flynt , free speech campaigner , " or "  Larry Speech , lifelong controversialist . " Flynt told Morgan he wanted something "  much bigger than that . I always felt Moses freed the Jews , Lincoln freed the slaves , and I wanted to free all the neurotics . And I realized in the process that I 've helped millions of people get through puberty . I think that 's a great accomplishment . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Larry Flynt : "  I 've done a great deal to expand the parameters of free speech " "  Hustler " magazine publisher 's new book details the sex lives of presidents Flynt says he never thinks about the day he was shot
CNN  -- A Cessna collided with a parachute at a small airport in Polk County , Florida , on Saturday . The plane took a nose dive , and the skydiver was thrown to the ground . Neither the pilot nor the skydiver were seriously injured when they fell about 75 feet , according to the Polk County Sheriff 's Office . Sharon Trembley was doing what are called "  touch and goes " with the Cessna , a maneuver in which the plane touches the ground and ascends again . The Polk County Sheriff 's Department initially identified the pilot as Shannon Trembley . On the pilot 's third time up , one wing became tangled in the strings of the parachute that held 49-year-old John Frost , officials said . The pilot and parachutist were taken to a hospital . Frost was treated and released , and Trembley was being held for observation on Saturday night . Officials said the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration were notified and responded to the scene .	A Cessna doing "  touch and goes " gets caught in a parachute and cuts the cords Skydiver is thrown to the ground from 75 feet in the air The Cessna makes a nose dive to the ground Neither the pilot nor the skydiver is seriously injured
Beijing  CNN  -- A Chinese journalist , whose work exposed alleged human rights abuses of the government , has been detained by secret police in Beijing , said a close friend and human rights groups . Du Bin released a feature-length documentary on the notorious Masanjia labor camp in May . He vanished later that month , says Hu Jia , an activist and friend of Du . Hu says the last time Du 's friends heard from him was 10 p.m. on May 31 . Friends went to his apartment to look for him the next day but no one answered the door . Hu says family members found two copies of an unsigned police subpoena at Du 's residence in Beijing . Copies of the alleged warrants viewed by CNN suggest that Du faces allegations including disturbing public order . Hu says they have heard from two separate eyewitnesses that Du was taken into detention by force . "  We confirmed that Du Bin was taken by 10 secret police . Two in uniform and the rest in plain clothes , " says Hu . "  Du Bin is a very respected professional photographer , documentary film-maker and author with a distinguished record of collaboration with international media organizations , " says Nicholas Bequelin , a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch . Du recently released a book on the Tiananmen massacre that was published in Hong Kong . His documentary on Masanjia focused on interviews with former inmates of the labor camp . China maintains an extensive network of labor camps across the country used to punish petty criminals like prostitutes and thieves . But activists say they are used by the government to detain political activists and members of the outlawed religious group Falun Gong . READ MORE China 's forced labor camps : One woman 's fight for justice Hu said that most of Du 's belongings had been taken from his residence including his laptops , copies of his books , and hardware used to edit his documentary . CNN sought comment on Du 's whereabouts from the Ministry of Public Security , which did not respond to our requests . "  Du Bin 's detention on criminal charges is a worrying signal about the attitude of the new leadership towards dissent . The charges against him are unfounded and a transparent strategy for the authorities to silence him and intimidate others , " says Bequelin . "  We believe that he is at risk of torture . "	Rights Group : Author , filmmaker and activist Du Bin has been detained by police in China Du was last seen in May , the same month he released a documentary on a China labor camp Family members found two copies of a police subpoena at Du 's residence in Beijing
New York  CNN  A pair of New York police officers shot and wounded while responding to an armed robbery in the Bronx were going off-duty and probably not wearing their bulletproof vests , police officials said Tuesday . In fact , Andrew Dossi , Aliro Pellerano and three other officers were changing clothes at the end of a dangerous anti-crime detail when they ran out of a Bronx station house to search for two robbery suspects , officials said . The suspects were arrested Tuesday . "  Chances are they were n't wearing their vests , " Chief of Department James O'Neill told reporters . "  They were going home . They jumped into a car and they ended up getting into this fierce firefight . " The alleged shooter was identified as Jason Polanco , a 24-year-old boxer who was charged with five counts of attempted murder of a police officer and was said to have posted anti-police and anti-government statements on social media , police said . His alleged accomplice , Joshua Kemp , 28 , was arrested on robbery charges . The wounded officers spent Tuesday at St. Barnabas Hospital in the Bronx . One of them , Dossi , who is 30 and has eight years on the job , was in stable condition following surgery after being shot in the arm and lower back , according to police . The other , Pellerano , who is 38 and has nine years as an officer , is in stable condition with gunshot wounds to the chest and arm . "  Last night a team of our officers displayed extraordinary bravery , going above and beyond the call to protect their fellow New Yorkers , " Mayor Bill de Blasio , who has found himself at odds with some in his police force in recent weeks , said in a statement Tuesday . "  We thank these officers for their commitment to serving our city , including answering the call after their shift had ended . ... This incident was yet another reminder of how profoundly important the work of our police officers is , as well as the seriousness of the dangers they face every day in the line of duty . " De Blasio also thanked New Yorkers who provided more than two dozen tips that helped identify the gunman . Police said 10 of the tipsters identified Polanco by name . Monday night , authorities located the white Camaro that two suspects carjacked a block from the shooting , as well as a .44 - caliber revolver , but no one was inside the vehicle . Before Polanco was arrested , police offered a $ 12,000 reward for information leading to a bearded man pictured in a surveillance video from inside a take-out Chinese restaurant moments before the shooting . Police said he was the man who shot at the officers . Polanco entered the restaurant and bought a bottle of iced tea before coming out firing at the officers who stopped his alleged accomplice outside , police said . ` Extraordinarily brave ' The call about an armed robbery at a Bronx grocery store came in around 10:30 p.m. Monday , as five plainclothes officers were coming off their shift . Rather than going home , the police went to look for the criminals , something de Blasio described as "  extraordinarily brave and ... part of their commitment . " The officers exchanged gunfire with Polanco , police said , but the suspects got away , fleeing on foot for one block and then carjacking the Camaro . At tense time for police in city Sometime after the shooting , Kemp checked himself into a Manhattan hospital with a gunshot wound to the back , officials said . The man who drove him to the hospital was also taken into custody . Kemp , who has been arrested multiple times for robbery and was on parole , gave an account of how he was shot that did n't add up , police said . "  He told a story that did n't seem factual , to be honest with you , " Robert Boyce , chief of detectives , told reporters . "  He was not credible . ... So , quickly the story did n't add up and then we saw his background , that he was a Bronx guy and we started breaking the case . " The incident happened just south of Fordham University , an area hardly unfamiliar to violent crime . John Cardillo , who patrolled the area when he was a police officer , called it "  a rough neighborhood in the '90s , and it still is today ...  It had and has  armed bad guys with the propensity to shoot someone . " The shootings have gotten heightened attention given when they happened -- at a time of large-scale anti-police protests after a grand jury decided not to indict a white New York police officer in the death of Eric Garner , an African-American man . Even if it 's too early to tie it to this incident , experts in the law enforcement community have expressed concerns that such sentiment -- views supported in some respects , according to some police , by de Blasio -- will encourage violence against police . That 's what happened , they say , when Ismaaiyl Brinsley fatally ambushed NYPD officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu last month as they sat in their patrol car . "  When the rhetoric turns anti-police , the police are concerned that people on the street , it 's going to increase the already existent lack of respect in certain segments of the society -- including armed robbers ... and other violent criminals , " said CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director . De Blasio has become a focal point for supporters of law enforcement , with some police even turning their backs on him at Ramos ' and Liu 's funerals because of their perception that he has been overly supportive of protesters and critical of police . "  The relationship is toxic  and  almost irretrievable in some respects , " CNN political commentator Errol Louis said of the mayor-police dynamic . "  This is not a good atmosphere . " On Tuesday , Patrick Lynch , the president of the Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association , who has accused de Blasio of having "  blood on his hands " after the two officers were killed in December , said in a statement : "  New York City police officers , who could have closed their lockers and gone home after their shift ended , chose to respond to a robbery in progress and , sadly , were shot in the process . Our members are out there doing their jobs and putting themselves in danger to keep this city safe just as they always do . " CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz and Ray Sanchez reported from New York and Sanchez and Greg Botelho wrote this story . CNN 's David Shortell and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Two men arrested , another in custody , in connection with shootings of two officers Wounded officers are Andrew Dossi and Aliro Pellerano , according to police NYPD officers responding to armed robbery are shot ; 2 are hospitalized
CNN  -- A federal court on Wednesday struck down two provisions of the Patriot Act dealing with searches and intelligence gathering , saying they violate the Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches and seizures with regard to criminal prosecutions . "  It is critical that we , as a democratic nation , pay close attention to traditional Fourth Amendment principles , " wrote Judge Ann Aiken of the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon in her 44-page decision . "  The Fourth Amendment has served this nation well for 220 years , through many other perils . " The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review , set up to review wiretap applications in intelligence cases under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , or FISA , "  holds that the Constitution need not control the conduct of criminal surveillance in the United States , " Aiken wrote . "  In place of the Fourth Amendment , the people are expected to defer to the executive branch and its representation that it will authorize such surveillance only when appropriate . " The government "  is asking this court to , in essence , amend the Bill of Rights , by giving it an interpretation that would deprive it of any real meaning . The court declines to do so , " Aiken said . The Justice Department was reviewing the decision , said spokesman Dean Boyd . The ruling was a response to a lawsuit filed against the federal government by Brandon Mayfield , a Portland , Oregon , attorney who was wrongly arrested for alleged involvement in the 2004 Madrid train bombings . The federal government later apologized to Mayfield and settled part of Mayfield 's lawsuit for $ 2 million . But Mayfield was permitted to keep pursuing the portions of his lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the Patriot Act . Mayfield claimed in the suit that his home and law offices were secretly broken into by the FBI , his clients ' files at his office were searched , his business and personal computers were secretly copied , his telephone was wiretapped and his home was bugged . Mayfield said he was "  excited and happy " with the ruling . "  This , to me , is not so much personal , " he said . "  I think it 's just the right thing to do . It was the right thing to continue to challenge the constitutionality of the Patriot Act . " "  This is an example of the judicial branch doing what it should do , and that 's to be a check and balance for the legislative and executive branch of government , " he said . "  I feel wonderful today , because the Fourth Amendment has been restored to its rightful place , and the balance between liberty and security is balanced again . " Mayfield 's attorneys -- Gerry Spence , Elden Rosenthal and Michelle Longer Eder -- lauded the ruling . "  Judge Aiken , in striking down the challenged provisions of the Patriot Act , has upheld both the tradition of judicial independence and our nation 's most cherished principle of the right to be secure in one 's own home , " they said in a written statement . "  We are relieved that the Bill of Rights can be honored and preserved even in times of perceived crisis . " Aiken ruled that FISA , as amended by the Patriot Act , permits the government to conduct surveillance and searches targeting Americans without satisfying the probable-cause standard in the Fourth Amendment . "  Prior to the amendments -LSB- to FISA -RSB- , the three branches of government operated with thoughtful and deliberate checks and balances -- a principle upon which our nation was founded , " Aiken wrote . But the Patriot Act , she said , eliminated "  the constitutionally required interplay between executive action , judicial decision and Congressional enactment . " "  For over 200 years , this nation has adhered to the rule of law -- with unparalleled success . A shift to a nation based on extra-constitutional authority is prohibited , as well as ill-advised , " she wrote . Aiken noted that FISA does not require that the subject of a search be notified , although the Fourth Amendment ordinarily does . In addition , she said , the Fourth Amendment requires particularity -- authorities seeking a search warrant , for example , must list what they are looking for and where they are looking for it . Named to the bench in 1997 by President Clinton , Aiken is considered one of the more liberal judges on the federal bench in Oregon . E-mail to a friend	Judge : Search warrants issued without showing probable cause Attorney seeks ruling after being wrongly linked to '04 Madrid train bombing His suit says secret searches of house , office violated Fourth Amendment rights As part of suit settlement , he retained right to challenge parts of Patriot Act
The grand jury hearing evidence on the Michael Brown shooting is preparing to meet Friday for what might be its final session , and a decision on whether to charge Officer Darren Wilson could come the same day , law enforcement officials briefed on the plans said . St. Louis County prosecutors are preparing to present more evidence to the grand jury before starting deliberations , and a decision on an indictment is expected soon after , the law enforcement officials said . If a decision comes Friday , prosecutors are expected to provide law enforcement with 48 hours notice before making a public announcement , possibly on Sunday . The current plans could still change and prosecutors could shift the planned grand jury session , the officials said . In the shadow of the storm called Ferguson , a quiet grave Prosecutor Robert McCulloch has said he plans to make public all evidence and testimony presented to the grand jury , but there is growing concern from some on how to deal with the identities of people who have testified , the sources say . Concerns have also been raised that some witnesses could be put at risk once their testimony and identities become public , law enforcement officials said . In some cases , witnesses might have testified differently under oath , providing different accounts than the ones they gave in media interviews , the official explained . Others may have provided testimony that may be interpreted as helpful to the officer 's account of the August 9 shooting . A spokesman for McCulloch 's office said the prosecutor has n't decided whether to redact names of witnesses . The spokesman declined to comment on possible timing of the grand jury decision . A city on edge A tense Ferguson is awaiting to hear whether a St. Louis County grand jury believes Wilson should stand trial in the fatal shooting of the unarmed Brown . Jurors have until January , but the prosecutor 's office has said a decision could come in mid-November . For weeks , lawyers , analysts and journalists have speculated on when it will be announced . Ferguson became a flashpoint for racial tension after the teen 's shooting ; Brown , 18 , was black , the officer is white . Street demonstrations and violence erupted , and heavily armed police came face to face with angry protesters demanding justice . Some predict that will be the case again when the grand jury 's decision is announced . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency Monday as a precaution in the event of unrest or violence . Along West Florissant Avenue , the ground zero of violent protests , businesses put back the plywood boards they had taken down from their windows and doors . Business owners were tired of answering questions about how they had fared through the weeks and weeks of tension . "  How do you think we are doing ? " asked Dan McMullen , owner of Solo Insurance Services on West Florissant . "  I just want to get this over with and move on , " he said , sitting at his desk behind the boarded-up entrance to his strip mall office . He said some protesters came in wanting to leave fliers with information in his office . "  I told them to get the hell out . You broke my windows and now you want me to put out your literature ? " Ferguson Mayor James Knowles told local media this month that he expected demonstrations across the region and warned authorities to "  prepare for the worst . " ` We 've had three months to prepare ' St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said Tuesday that his officers are ready for whatever happens . "  We 've had three months to prepare . ... Acts of violence will not be tolerated , " he said . "  Our intelligence is good . Our tactics are good . We can protect lawful people and at the same time arrest criminals . " On Tuesday , St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay wrote the city 's aldermen , singling out Alderwoman Phyllis Young , chairwoman of the city 's public safety committee , to explain that 400 National Guard troops would be requested for the city . "  We will not , unless something happens that we have not foreseen , post them where there are organized protests , " Slay wrote . Rather , he wrote , they will be placed with police officers at 45 locations around the city to prevent violence and property destruction . The city 's police will wear normal uniforms , as "  we do not want to appear to militarize our response to the demonstrations and want to do everything we can to de-escalate , " the mayor wrote , adding that police may don riot gear if public safety demands it . "  If our officers put on their personal protective gear , it is not to intimidate peaceful protesters . It is for the sole purpose of keeping everyone safe , " he wrote . Area school superintendents wrote a letter to city officials and authorities requesting that they announce the grand jury 's decision on an evening or weeknight so it does n't affect about 20,000 students traveling back and forth to schools . Many parents received notice to fetch their children from school if the decision comes out earlier in the day . A group of community members calling themselves the Do n't Shoot Coalition has asked for 48 hours ' notice before the ruling is made public . It also released 19 "  Rules of Engagement " that touch on major points of contention between protesters and police . The group wants assurances that neither police nor the government will interfere with the flow of information , as well as a guarantee that police wo n't use rubber bullets , armored vehicles , rifles or tear gas . The group also requested that officers wear attire "  minimally required for their safety " and that "  specialized riot gear be avoided except as a last resort . " Staging dry runs in cold weather In the St. Louis area , protesters have been staging dry runs on how to face police . And continuing their demonstrations . Despite below-freezing temperatures Monday , about 100 activists disrupted lunchtime traffic in the nearby city of Clayton . Brown 's shooting on August 9 also touched a national nerve , with protests decrying racism and police brutality taking place around the country since his death . The Ferguson National Response Network expects that reaction to the grand jury ruling will not be limited to the St. Louis area . It has set up a Tumblr account advertising about 90 "  planned responses " to the ruling . They will take place from West Palm Beach , Florida , to New York , Chicago and Los Angeles . Brown 's supporters have turned out in force , but Wilson 's supporters have demonstrated on occasion as well . They point to witness testimony and leaked grand jury documents that suggest Brown might have attacked Wilson , struggled for his gun and perhaps even charged the officer after the tussle over the weapon . McMullen , the insurance company owner on West Florissant , said that protesters have made this into a racial issue but have ignored the facts of the case . "  There is no way a police officer in America would just get out of his car and shoot someone for no reason , " he said . Protesters are aware of the other version of events , but it does n't stem their anger . Many told CNN in August that other witnesses allege Wilson shot Brown at least six times as he stood about 30 feet from Wilson 's police cruiser . The fatal shots were fired as Brown had his hands up in surrender , they believe . Perhaps stoking the most anger is that all six shots hit Brown above the waist , leading community members to believe Wilson never had any intention of arresting the teen . Images of Brown 's body lying on the street went viral through social media . Where he once lay is a makeshift memorial -- half on the sidewalk and half on Canfield Drive , in the middle of the road , exactly where Brown fell . Complete coverage in Ferguson	Grand jury could rule in Officer Darren Wilson 's case by Friday , source say St. Louis police chief says his officers are ready for reaction when grand jury rules Grand jury weighs evidence to determine whether Wilson will face charges Wilson fatally shot an unarmed Michael Brown in August , setting off protests
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- They are the first victims of the oil disaster that has devastated the Gulf region : 11 oil rig workers killed on April 20 when the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded , torching the sky and puncturing the sea . Their remains have been lost in the Gulf of Mexico . At least 15 others were injured in the massive explosion . Victims and their families are suing BP and Transocean , the Swiss-based company that owns the drilling rig . But getting a settlement from Transocean , the world 's largest offshore drilling company , could be difficult . Q&A on the legal liability of the companies involved in the oil disaster The company has invoked a 19th century American law to limit its liability to $ 26.76 million , a fraction of what the plaintiffs are likely to seek . "  It may work , " said Martin Davies , professor of law and director of Tulane University 's Maritime Law Center . "  They 've got a chance . " Transocean 's pre-emptive strike is part of the legal thicket confronting victims , where a patchwork of arcane and sometimes inconsistent laws will most likely make the ensuing litigation one of the most complex cases in American history . The Deepwater Horizon is technically a mobile offshore drilling unit . Under maritime law , it is classified as a seagoing vessel , just like a freighter or passenger ship . Three weeks after the accident , Transocean petitioned a U.S. federal court for protection under the Limitation of Liability Act of 1851 . Congress enacted the law to spur investment in shipping and keep the U.S. Merchant Marine fleet competitive with other seafaring nations . To help the American shipping industry , the government limited ship owners ' liability to the value of the vessel plus the money the owner would collect for completing its voyage . But now that the Deepwater Horizon is a wreck on the ocean floor , the vessel is worthless , according to Transocean . Read the affidavit stating Deepwater Horizon 's value is "  $ 0.00 dollars " Transocean says the remaining value of its drilling contract with BP at the time of the April 20 disaster was $ 26,764,083 . That amount , the company argues , is the maximum it is legally required to pay to victims . "  Totally ridiculous , " said Kurt Arnold , a Houston , Texas , attorney representing two of the victims . Transocean 's ability to use the law may depend on a judge 's ruling on who at Transocean knew of potential problems and when they knew it . Much of the focus has been on BP and its liability in the Gulf oil catastrophe . Survivors of the explosion told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive interview that a BP official wanted workers to replace heavy mud -- used to keep the well 's pressure down -- with lighter seawater to help speed a process that was costing an estimated $ 750,000 a day and was already running five weeks late . More on the survivors ' account In the claims against Transocean , its lawyers will try to prove that Transocean 's top managers did not know about conditions that would cause the accident . If they succeed , the Limitation of Liability Act will apply . Lawyers for the victims will argue that Transocean officials had enough of what the 1851 law calls "  privity or knowledge " to hold the company responsible for the full value of the death and injury claims . Publicly , the victims ' lawyers say they are confident they can "  break the limit . " But law professor Davies disagreed : "  It 's not a slam dunk . " If Transocean prevails , a relatively small pool of money would be split among the victims . If the money ends up being shared on a pro-rated formula , "  nobody 's getting paid 100 percent , " said Joshua Force , a plaintiff 's lawyer in New Orleans , Louisiana . Smaller payouts also affect lawyers who work on contingency fees . The less they recover for their clients , the less the lawyers get paid . Read how some lawyers could get a huge payout A Transocean press release states , without elaboration , that "  Transocean will honor all of its legal obligations arising from the Deepwater Horizon accident . " The company said the petition seeking shelter under the Limitation of Liability Act was filed "  at the instruction of its insurers and in order to preserve insurance coverage . " "  It 's understandable self protection , " Davies said , "  but it still has an unsavory feel to it . " Especially , he added , since the proposed limit is a "  far smaller amount than what they 've recovered from their insurers . " Transocean carried $ 560 million in insurance on the Deepwater Horizon -- more than its book value , according to company officials . Transocean noted a $ 270 million "  accounting gain " -- or profit -- from the insurance payout in a May 6 conference call with investors . Another point of contention is where any future legal battle takes place . Transocean argues that Houston is the proper venue , because its American headquarters is there . But lawyers for the victims want to move the case to New Orleans , which they argue is more convenient for their clients and closer to the scene of the disaster . The lawyers are competing for the "  subterranean sympathy you can get from a judge , " Davies said . Judges "  are all supposed to be objective , but the New Orleans judges are likely to be more ticked off about it than in Houston , " he said . Critics , including Davies , say the Limitation of Liability Act is anachronistic and "  no longer serving the purpose that it was intended to serve . " It should be amended , said attorney Scott Bickford , who represents victims . "  The law ought to just deal with cargo at this point , " not personal injury and wrongful death claims , he told CNN . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said the law should be repealed , "  so that no company has the opportunity to walk away from its responsibility . " But if the law is so antiquated , why was n't it changed years ago ? "  You ca n't get Congress to pay attention to anything on maritime law , " Davies said . "  It 's not a very sexy issue until there 's a disaster . "	Families of oil workers killed , hurt in Gulf file lawsuits against BP , Transocean Transocean , which owns Deepwater Horizon , to use a 19th century U.S. law The Limitation of Liability Act of 1851 was meant to keep U.S. Merchant Marine competitive Some lawmakers and analysts say the law should either be amended or repealed
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Two Kenyan police officers were injured in Dadaab refugee camp in Northern Kenya when their vehicle struck a land mine on Tuesday , according to a senior official . "  The police car was traveling from Hagadera camp to the Dadaab police station , " said Dadaab District Commissioner Ndambuki Muthike . Muthike said that the rear of the vehicle struck the land mine and two policemen at the back of the vehicle sustained injuries . "  They are in a stable condition in Dadaab , " said Muthike , adding that the injuries were not life-threatening . Less than two weeks ago another police vehicle struck a land mine on the same road without detonating it . Kenyan troops are battling the Islamic extremist group Al-Shabaab in neighboring Somalia . "  With the fighting in Somalia , " Muthike said , "  we now have some of the terrorist here in Dadaab . But this is an isolated incident . " The increasing danger caused by the escalating conflict in Somalia is a concern especially for children , the United Nations Children 's Fund said in a statement . "  Somali children 's lives are being put more and more in grave danger with the increasing conflict , " said UNICEF representative Sikander Khan . According to the U.N. 's monitoring and reporting mechanism , 24 children have been killed in the conflict in October -- nearly double the number of child killings confirmed in every other month this year . Another 58 children sustained serious injuries last month , the largest number of children injured as a result of the armed conflict in Somalia in any month this year . The U.N. has confirmed nearly 300 children seriously injured and over 100 children killed in the ongoing conflict this year . Though the death rate is already high , Khan believes it could be even greater , because many deaths go unreported . "  Increasing numbers of children and civilians are being caught in attacks and cross-fire across the south and centre of Somalia , " said Khan . The recruitment and use of children for armed services and sexual violence against children and women are other concerns for UNICEF . Khan has called for an end to the violence by all parties involved in the Somalia conflict . "  All children must immediately be assured of safety and protection from hostile acts , " the statement said . The escalating violence also threatens the delivery of humanitarian assistance to people in the region who need help . "  Many of the hundreds of thousands of children already facing a situation of life and death due to famine and disease are now facing the risk of having life-saving assistance cut off to them . " Since the abduction of two foreign workers of Doctors Without Borders , U.N. and charity groups have significantly scaled back their humanitarian work at the world 's largest refugee camp .	Kenyan officers injured when their car strikes a land mine Another police vehicle struck a land mine less than two weeks ago The escalating conflict in Somalia threatens people on both sides of the border U.N. : 24 Somali children killed , 58 injured in October
CNN  -- There 's something about growing up in a small town . Do n't get me wrong , New York , Los Angeles , Chicago are all great cities with their own identity and appeal , but if you spent your formative years in a burg where traffic lights were few and far between ; where watching freight trains was a welcome distraction ; where after school , kids waste time at the nearest lake , river or abandoned quarry , then count yourself as lucky . This kind of small-town adolescence is uniquely American , and it 's a lifestyle that 's rapidly vanishing . Brian Kimberling perfectly captures this experience in his debut novel , "  Snapper , " available Tuesday . Kimberling grew up in Evansville , Indiana , and the book makes the most of its Hoosier setting . In it , narrator Nate Lochmueller is an affable young ornithologist , earning just enough money to live on by studying the songbirds of Indiana . Not coincidentally , Kimberling also worked as a bird researcher when he was a student at Indiana University . "  Snapper " follows Nate through a series of mostly aimless adventures as he travels across the state in a glitter-festooned truck dubbed the Gypsy Moth . Nate spends a good part of the book in the wilds of Indiana , where he beautifully describes tracking and observing birds like the Summer tanager and wood thrushes , as well as warblers , chickadees and Acadian flycatchers . There are also some hilarious anecdotes involving a dive-bombing bald eagle , a German shepherd with a knack for digging up human bones and a snapping turtle with a taste for thumbs , hence the title . But this is more than a bird book . There are plenty of poignant moments as Nate tries to figure out his place in the world 's pecking order . There 's his on-again , off-again love affair with a free-spirited beauty named Lola and a colorful cast of characters including Nate 's parents , an aunt and uncle from Texas with some questionable views on race , a small group of childhood friends and a few shiftless roommates . Kimberling writes about all of this in a voice part John Audubon , part Holden Caulfield but uniquely his own . The book 's pace is leisurely , the mood is sometimes melancholy , and readers will finish the final page feeling thoroughly satisfied . Perhaps surprising to readers , Kimberling no longer lives in Indiana . After wandering the globe , he now makes his home in England with his wife and son . CNN recently spoke to him about the novel and whether he misses the U.S. . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What was the spark behind "  Snapper " ? Brian Kimberling : Some friends and I used to build fires on Indiana train tracks at night and sit around with a bottle of something purloined from someone 's parents . I told this to an English friend who knew nothing about Indiana and who began imagining and describing a romantically desolate sort of place , forsaken by commerce and industry -- that 's how we knew no trains would come through -- a place where there were no girls to talk to and no drugs worth taking , so adolescent boys played hobo together or whatever it was we thought we were doing . That is a very English way of viewing Indiana . It is also absolutely right , or it used to be . That conversation was a spark . I ran with it . CNN : Had you always wanted to be a writer ? Kimberling : I do n't know when I began writing . I won a national award in high school for a short story about a character named Maudlin Lackey who commits suicide . I have since learned some restraint . I had been writing regularly for a couple of years already at the time . It 's always been important to me , though , to do other things besides write -- to be something other than or in addition to a writer . So I 've worked as a Web developer and an English teacher and an editor and a frozen pizza stacker and so on , in the Czech Republic and Mexico and Turkey and England . CNN : Where did the title come from ? Kimberling : My editor and I did kick around alternative titles for a while . The problem was that other titles  such as "  Audubon , Indiana "  seemed to restrict the book 's scope somehow and that the snapping turtle in the book has symbolic value . In the end , it was a case of , well , it ca n't be called anything else , can it ? "  Snapper " is a digressive , meandering book that invites readers to make connections and interpret things as they will . A more descriptive title  say , "  Birding in Indiana "  would n't do that justice . Also , "  Snapper " is a snappy title . CNN : You write with great admiration about Indiana 's songbirds . Do you have a particular favorite from your days as an amateur ornithologist ? Kimberling : I like the wood thrush , as does the narrator , Nathan , and as did Audubon and Thoreau , both . It 's probably not humanly possible to listen to the wood thrush attentively without some emotional response . Whereas the Acadian flycatcher is pretty boring . I think "  birdsong " and "  songbird " are both misleading words . Lots of songbirds just chirp . I was a research assistant for a major study of songbirds for two years , starting at 5 a.m. six days a week . I especially enjoyed running into non-birds . Foxes , raccoons , opossums , all finishing up the night shift at around the time I started . Their collective expression was : "  Hey , you 're human . Either shoot us or leave us alone . Stop coming around every day . " CNN : You seem to have a love/hate relationship with Indiana , is that correct ? Has your feeling for your home state changed since you 've lived abroad ? Kimberling : I love it from a great distance . There are many things in Indiana that I appreciate more for having lived abroad . Turoni 's Pizza in Evansville tops the list . Bloomington and Brown County are outstanding , and the Ohio is the most beautiful river in the world , as Thomas Jefferson observed 200-odd years ago . Not sure what the beautiful-river criteria are , but it 's true . I think a lot , in a possibly European-inflected way , about the cultural heritage of southern Indiana  five words that do not often appear in that sequence  . It 's not all pretty , but it 's all important . CNN : What 's it like now , having moved to England , and would you ever return to the Hoosier State ? Kimberling : I would certainly return to the Hoosier State . I spent three months there last summer with my wife and son , in fact , and all of us enjoyed it immensely . That said , after 10 years in England , there were a few things I found a wee bit alarming . Health care costs and the size of the average pickup truck , for example . The idea that random civilians may carry guns or , for that matter , that the police do carry guns . I suppose I experience a mild form of culture shock . CNN : What 's next for you ? Kimberling : I am working on another novel also set in southern Indiana . Read an excerpt from "  Snapper " here	Brian Kimberling captures a rapidly vanishing way of life in "  Snapper " Aimless adventures in birdwatching also describe small-town life in Indiana Kimberling 's voice is part John Audubon , part Holden Caulfield
London  CNN  -- More than three meters above east London 's Sclater Street is a mural of sprinter Usain Bolt , captured in explosive color by artist James Cochran . The street artwork , more than four meters high and six meters wide , is a dramatic sight , designed by Cochran to celebrate London 's Olympic Games . Cochran , known as "  Jimmy C , " has a style which combines his background in graffiti art and academic training in figurative realism . The UK-born artist is based in London 's Shoreditch , having spent much of his life in Australia . After his mother died in a car crash when Cochran was 12 , his family life deteriorated . At 16 , he spent three months on the streets where he began painting with aerosol cans . Cochran later completed a visual arts degree at the University of South Australia , before going on to complete a masters degree . The Olympics miss : Why street art should be embraced not snubbed His art often depicts the homeless , as he seeks to capture "  a more raw essence of the human subject . " Cochran 's style has evolved from what he calls "  aerosol pointillism , " with its impressionist overtones , to "  atomic pointillism , in which the subject appears to atomize . Why gritty East End is London 's gold standard Cochran also explores the relationship between individuals and the urban landscape , which has led to paintings of buildings sprouting from heads -- one of which can be seen in this Sam Taylor-Wood directed REM video . Cochran 's canvases sell for thousands of pounds . But he continues to paint on the streets , and his work can be found in cities including Paris , Berlin and New York . "  When you paint on the street there is a lot more rawness to it , " Cochran says . "  Anything can happen . " East London , where the city 's Olympic Games are based , is a hub for street art . "  That 's the great thing about Shoreditch and Hackney , " says Cochran . " -LSB- The art -RSB- is part of the look of the street . "	James Cochran , known as "  Jimmy C , " painted an outdoor portrait of athlete Usain Bolt Cochran has a background in graffiti art and academic arts training He is based in east London 's Shoreditch , which is a hub for the city 's street artists Cochran painted the mural in the hope it would last beyond the Olympic Games
February 3 , 2015 For millions of snowbound Americans in the Midwest and the Northeast , Groundhog Day might 've brought an unwelcome prediction . We 'll tell you what it was , and we 'll take you to a research center in Colorado where having your head in the clouds is the goal . We also look back at a historic document on its 800th birthday and explore its most enduring principles . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- After the news of a U.S. soldier charged with murdering Afghan civilians , mostly women and children , the story of Spc. Dennis Weichel of the Rhode Island National Guard bears telling . The official Pentagon news release says he died "  from injuries suffered in a noncombat related incident . " But there is much more to the story . Weichel , 29 , of Providence , died saving the life of a little girl . According to the Rhode Island National Guard and the U.S. Army , Weichel was in a convoy a week ago with his unit in Laghman Province , in northeast Afghanistan . Some children were in the road in front of the convoy , and Weichel and other troops got out to move them out of the way . Most of the children moved , but one little girl went back to pick up some brass shell casings in the road . Afghan civilians often recycle the casings , and the girl appeared to aim to do that . But a Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protected vehicle was moving toward her , according to Lt. Col. Denis Riel of the Rhode Island National Guard . MRAPs , as they are known , usually weigh more than 16 tons . Weichel saw massive truck bearing down on the girl and grabbed her out of the way . But in the process , the armored truck ran him over , Riel said . The little girl is fine . Weichel died a short time later of his injuries . "  He was a big kid at heart . He always had a smile on his face , and he made everyone laugh , " 1st Sgt. Nicky Peppe , who served with Weichel in Iraq , is quoted as saying in an Army story . "  But as much as Weichel was funny , he was also a professional . When it was time to go outside the wire for a combat patrol , he was all business . " Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee has ordered flags in the state lowered to half-staff until Weichel , who was posthumously promoted to sergeant , is laid to rest Monday . Weichel is survived by his parents , his fiancee and three children . His family will receive Weichel 's Bronze Star and other awards for his sacrifice .	Spc. Dennis Weichel was in a convoy in Laghman Province He saw a huge armored vehicle bearing down on a girl picking up shell casings Weichel moved the girl but was run over by the truck Rhode Island governor orders flags flown at half-staff
CNN  -- Everton held on to their mantle as the only unbeaten team in the Premier League this season with a 3-2 win over Newcastle . Romelu Lukaku was a livewire on his home debut for the Liverpool club , scoring twice and setting up English teenager Ross Barkley for Everton 's second . The 20 year old Belgian , who is on a season long loan from Chelsea , signalled to his compatriot Kevin Mirallas that he wanted the ball in the box with less than five minutes on the clock . Mirallas duly delivered and Lukaku dinked it in to set Everton on their way . The ball travelled from one end to the other for Lukaku 's second in a perfect example of the much aligned long ball football . Everton keeper Tim Howard sent the ball sailing up field and Lukaku got on the end of the American 's mammoth kick to slide the ball past a flailing Tim Krul . Try as he might the hat trick did not come for Lukaku as Newcastle pegged back the home side in the second half . Substitute Yohan Cabaye conjured a wonderful strike from range to close the gap before fellow France international Loic Remy stabbed in the ball for a second with 88 minutes on the clock . It was a nervy finish for Everton as Remy came close to grabbing the equalizer but the home side held on . Roberto Martinez 's team moved up to fourth in the table while Newcastle continue to hover near the relegation zone .	Everton remain the only unbeaten team in the Premier League with 3-2 win over Newcastle Romelu Lukaku scores twice and sets up Ross Barkley Yohan Cabaye and Loic Remy score for Newcastle Everton move up to fourth in the table
CNN  -- Inside the Charles Manson room at the Museum of Death in Hollywood , Anne Forde looks at crime scene photos from the 1969 Tate-LaBianca murders . "  I was a kid when he was involved in these crimes , " says Forde , who grew up in County Cork , Ireland . "  It 's just been a fascination for me ever since . " "  His eyes just stand out and look crazy , " says Debbie Roberts , who was visiting the museum from Kentucky . "  I can see how people followed him . " A few miles away on Saturday mornings , Scott Michaels is hosting the "  Helter Skelter Tragical History Tour . " For $ 65 , you can buy a bus seat to see where the murders took place , as Michaels tells the story of Helter Skelter . "  We have people from around the world that sign up , " says Michaels . "  We added an additional anniversary tour , which is sold out . " August 9 marks the 45th anniversary of the murders of Sharon Tate and four others on Cielo Drive in the Benedict Canyon neighborhood of Los Angeles . Tate , who was 8Â 1/2 months pregnant and married to movie director Roman Polanski , was stabbed 16 times as she pleaded for the life of her unborn child . The next night , supermarket executive Leno LaBianca and Rosemary LaBianca were tortured and killed inside their home near Hollywood . Fast facts : Manson family murders Since then , Charles Manson , who was convicted of orchestrating the murders , has been the focus of continued fascination . "  People seem to be fascinated by things that are strange and bizarre , " says Vincent Bugliosi , sitting in his Los Angeles-area living room . Bugliosi is the man who prosecuted Manson and his "  family " and co-wrote the book "  Helter Skelter : The True Story of the Manson Murders . " With more than 7 million copies sold , it is still the best-selling true crime book . Bugliosi believes people are still fascinated by the Tate-LaBianca murders for two reasons : the gruesome nature of the murders and the lasting image people have of Charles Manson , with the maniacal stare and the swastika on his forehead . "  The name Manson has become a metaphor for evil , and there 's a side of human nature that 's fascinated by pure unalloyed evil , " says Bugliosi . There are , however , people who continue to support Manson . He has received more mail than any other inmate in state history . According to California 's Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , Manson still gets about 35 letters a week . Online , there are multiple Charles Manson websites , including mansondirect.com , which features audio messages from Manson in prison . Manson 's Facebook page has 70,000 "  likes . " "  This is an unusual case . It 's not a whodunnit . This is a why dunnit , " says Brian Davis , the host of the Internet radio channel TLB , which stands for Tate La Bianca . Davis operates the channel , which has an irregular schedule and averages a few hundred listeners , from his home in Roanoke , Virginia . Davis says he has been studying the Manson case off and on for 10 years and labels himself as "  down the middle . " He thinks a lot of the Manson image was created by Bugliosi and the media , and he wonders if Manson really brainwashed the killers . "  I do n't think Manson ordered those murders , " he says . Manson , who turns 80 in November , has been denied parole 12 times . His next parole hearing is n't scheduled until 2027 , when , if he 's still alive , he 'll be 92 years old .	It 's been 45 years since the Tate-LaBianca murders Charles Manson 's next parole hearing is in 2027 At 79 , Manson still draws attention -- and even supporters He has received more mail than any other inmate in California
CNN  -- During the days leading up to the 20th anniversary of the release of Nirvana 's landmark album "  Nevermind " on Saturday and the grunge album 's deluxe reissue the following Tuesday , you 're going to hear a lot about how "  Nevermind " changed everything : How the band 's single , "  Smells Like Teen Spirit , " was a phenomenal , seemingly overnight success that ushered so-called alternative rock into the mainstream . How "  Nevermind " killed hair metal and unseated Michael Jackson -- the old guard -- from the top of the Billboard album chart . How the success of "  Nevermind " ignited a major-label feeding frenzy to find "  the next Nirvana , " resulting in the signing of previously way-too-weird-for-a-major-label bands such as underground heroes The Jesus Lizard and Japanese noise-rockers the Boredoms . How most of these groups were unceremoniously dropped when they did n't sell boatloads of records , while groups perceived by many to be Nirvana and/or Pearl Jam ripoffs  i.e. : Stone Temple Pilots , Candlebox , Bush  achieved multiplatinum success . How Kurt Cobain gave voice to a disaffected , flannel-clad Generation X. And how Cobain was a musical genius , gone from this Earth too soon . And all of these things are true , aside from the hair-metal myth  glam-metal was already a genre in decline by that point  . You 'll also be hearing a lot of use of the word "  grunge , " a label used -- typically to the labeled party 's chagrin -- to describe purveyors of the raw fusion of heavy metal and punk rock that emerged from the Pacific Northwest . But what you wo n't hear quite so much are the specifics of that emergence . In some quarters , it seems 1991 , which also saw the release of Pearl Jam 's multiplatinum debut album "  Ten " and Soundgarden 's "  Badmotorfinger , " is being treated as year 0 of grunge , because that 's when the music exploded into the mainstream consciousness . In fact , grunge 's roots can be traced back to the 1980s , if not further . "  Deep Six , " the 1986 compilation on Seattle label C/Z Records , is recognized as the first record to document this burgeoning regional sound . It featured a half-dozen local bands : Soundgarden , Green River , the Melvins , Malfunkshun , the U-Men and Skin Yard . None of those groups is a household name , save for Soundgarden , which scored a No. 1 hit with the album "  Superunknown " in 1994 and just this year embarked on a North American reunion tour after more than a decade apart . But if you want to know how Nirvana and Pearl Jam came to be , these six bands -- whose histories are tightly intertwined -- are a good place to start . Skin Yard 's guitarist , Jack Endino , produced Nirvana 's the down-tuned and scuzzy debut album , "  Bleach . " Members of Green River , often cited as the first grunge band , went on to form Pearl Jam and quintessential grunge rockers Mudhoney . The Melvins , who have essentially never stopped touring or recording with 20 studio albums to their name , were friends and mentors to Nirvana 's Cobain and Krist Novoselic , who hailed from the same rural part of Washington state . As Novoselic once said of the sway Melvins frontman Buzz Osborne held over him : "  Buzz was the preacher , and his gospel was punk rock . " The Melvins sonic influence on Nirvana 's first album is unmistakable . But to hear Osborne tell it , his band 's importance has too often been diminished . "  All  Nirvana  biographers want to do is pretend that we do n't matter , " the never-shy singer/guitarist said to me at the onset of the first interview I conducted with him for my book . "  They talk us down like none of this makes any difference , but what they have to understand , and what needs to be clearly stated , is that without us , there is no Nirvana . Without us , there is no Nirvana . " So by all means go ahead and purchase the "  Nevermind " reissue or catch a showing of Cameron Crowe 's new "  Pearl Jam Twenty " documentary , and relive the glories of grunge 's most commercial era . But if you want a deeper understanding of where grunge came from , investigate some music by the Melvins  those Nirvana biographers be damned !  or Mudhoney or any number of other grunge bands not fronted by someone with the surname Cobain , Vedder or Cornell . Yes , 1991 was a very good year for grunge , but why not try something of a different vintage ?	Grunge 's roots can be traced back to the 1980s , if not further "  Deep Six " is recognized as the first record to document this burgeoning regional sound Green River is often cited as the first grunge band
CNN  -- Earlier this week , Dr. Mehmet Oz , host of the popular "  The Dr. Oz Show , " conceded that there 's no long-term miracle weight loss pill . This is despite his previous use of the word "  miracle " to describe the weight loss effects of forskolin , raspberry ketones , sea buckthorn , garcinia cambogia , African mango seed and green coffee bean extract . Dr. Oz said his job on the show "  is to be a cheerleader for the audience  when  they do n't think they have hope " But hope is not the same as good advice , and , as Dr. Oz noted , none of these recommendations have proven miraculous . "  Cheerleading " as described by Dr. Oz has contributed to the creation of a weight loss market that is overwhelmingly ineffective yet highly profitable , with sales at $ 60 billion per year . The demand is there . Among U.S. adults , 68 % are overweight or obese and as many as 100 million are trying to lose weight at any given time . Annually , obesity accounts for about $ 200 billion , or about 20 % , of our health care costs . It costs billions more in worker absenteeism and lost productivity . Over 80 % of people who lose 10 % or more of their weight will regain it , and for all the new treatments , that number has n't really improved in a generation . This is not to say that we should n't join Dr. Oz in offering hope . We should seek hope by investing in new ideas and more personalized approaches to combating the obesity epidemic rather than by embracing anecdotal "  miracles . " One way is to focus on obesity prevention , which starts in the home , school and community . Numerous studies suggest that the behaviors we learn early in life influence our behavior as adults .  I know that my parents always told me to eat a vegetable with lunch and dinner . To this day , if I am running late for work and just have time to grab a hot dog , I feel a scowling avatar of my mother pop up on my left shoulder  . We can potentially delay or even prevent adult diseases by fostering better health habits in our children . Schools are an excellent venue in which to orient families toward healthy behavior . Teachers , in addition to providing health and physical education , can serve as role models and engage parents about good health practices for their children . Unfortunately , most public schools , including those in New York , do not meet their mandates for providing minimal physical education . And in general , there is n't enough focus on good dietary and exercise habits in school-based health initiatives . The need for a multipronged approach utilizing actions in communities , schools , businesses , families and health care providers to prevent obesity has been recognized by many federal programs  such as Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move campaign  , state programs  such as New York 's  , and local programs  such as in Chicago or Los Angeles  . Obesity prevention proposals have raised important questions regarding costs and long-term efficacy . It should be noted that some studies have shown that cost-effective , school-based interventions can be implemented , slow weight gain and yield other health benefits such as improved insulin sensitivity or cholesterol level in children . While it has not been determined whether these benefits persist after the program is stopped , the potential financial and health gains as a result of delaying the onset of obesity by even a few years would be huge . We need to start early at home , in classrooms , neighborhoods and even in the pediatrician 's office . The risk of a fat child becoming a fat adult is doubled at age 2-3 but over 20-fold after age 9 . Behavioral interventions appear more effective if started in early childhood . Exploration of new preventive measures should require detailed assessment of their short - and long-term efficacy so they are adequately vetted before they become policy . We should demand that our schools emphasize life-prep as well as test-prep and that failure of schools to fulfill their physical education obligations is treated with the same severity as failing to meet academic obligations . School lunches should be a part of school education and we must actively oppose efforts to undermine them , such as recent Republican efforts to allow schools to opt out of requirements for more fruits and vegetables in meals -- an improvement that arose from the 2010 Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act . Health education is a learning process , and like any academic area , it needs to be developed over time . Good nutrition and exercise habits are good for all of us -- fat or thin -- and most of us could use a refresher course . There is hope , but we have to use common sense and good science to make sure we 're on the right path . As Charles Darwin put it , "  the more we know of the fixed laws of nature the more incredible do miracles become . "	Michael Rosenbaum : Dr. Mehmet Oz says there 's no long-term miracle weight loss pill Rosenbaum : 68 % of adults are overweight or obese ; Americans want to lose weight He says obesity prevention starts in the home , school , community , and at early age Rosenbaum : Schools should provide strong health and physical education to students
CNN  -- The vacation home to five lifelong friends , who became CNN.com sensations because of group photos they have taken of themselves every five years for the past 30 years , has been burglarized . "  I feel angry and violated , " said John Wardlaw , the owner of the lakeside cabin . "  It 's just a shame . Last summer we get known for a feel-good story about friendship . Then the following year the cabin where all this bonding takes place is burglarized . " Wardlaw owns the California cabin near the Oregon border through a trust created by his grandfather , John Laux , an executive in the early years of radio and television . Wardlaw and his fellow graduates of Santa Barbara High School received worldwide attention after CNN wrote a story about their extraordinary friendship , captured in photographs they took sitting in the same order on the cabin deck near Copco Lake . The most expensive item the thieves stole is a boat valued at $ 8,500 . "  There is no physical damage to the house , which is good because they did n't break things as they went through , " Wardlaw said . "  We lost some things that were my grandfathers ... an antique oil lamp , his duck calls , a set of horns from a mountain goat . " The Siskiyou County sheriff is investigating the April burglary but says there are no suspects and no signs of the boat or other stolen items . "  Copco is a very quiet , peaceful lake , so it 's just a great place to go with your family , " said Allison Giannini of the Siskiyou County Sheriff 's Department . "  It 's not like those well-travelled areas . " Wardlaw , a filmmaker who specializes in documentaries and animation , said he learned of the robbery from some neighbors who noticed the boat and trailer were missing from their usual spot near the cabin carport . Wardlaw lives in Santa Barbara , but says he and his wife , Tricia , still make about five treks a year to the Copco Lake cabin , staying one or two weeks each trip to relax and fish . The cabin serves as a base for outdoor adventures at Crater Lake , the Oregon Caves and the Rogue River . "  They took everything related to the boat : electric motor , batteries , chargers , gas cans and every fishing rod , " Wardlaw said . "  They stole my grandfather 's .410 shotgun . It 's small caliber . It was a bird hunting gun for him . " The cabin is a special place for Wardlaw , who does the carpentry to keep the cabin from falling apart in hot summers and frigid winters . He has replaced windows , deck planks and stained boards in the three-bedroom home built in 1970 . Wardlaw re-sided the cabin in 2003 . "  I found all sorts of acorns hidden by squirrels and , I think , woodpeckers , " Wardlaw said . "  I also found a smoke bomb tossed in 1985 by John Dickson  one of the five guys .  There was a bird nest and they were in the walls making all sorts of noise and irritating us . " Dickson threw in a smoke bomb to flush them out . "  Little did we know he could have burned the cabin down , " Wardlaw said . Dickson said the theft is disturbing . "  It 's kind of a happy place for us for three decades , " Dickson said . "  It 's our little sanctuary . To be burglarized is just sad . " CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	A California sheriff investigates burglary at a remote vacation cabin Thieves stole just about everything , including a boat and heirlooms from a grandfather "  The cabin where all this bonding takes place is burglarized , " says owner The five guys ' extraordinary friendship was CNN.com 's most popular story in 2012
As Puerto Rico struggles with a massive debt crisis , a top congressional investigator has questions about the island government 's decision to nullify an agreement that would have returned about $ 230 million in overpaid taxes to a major bank . House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa sent a letter last month to Puerto Rico Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla asking for a briefing on his administration 's decision to unilaterally nullify the agreement between the Puerto Rico Treasury Department , known as Hacienda , and Doral Financial Corporation , the second largest mortgage provider on the island . Doral has said the Padilla administration 's decision to pull out of the agreement could hurt its financial condition . Because Doral Bank 's deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , Issa wrote that the Puerto Rican Treasury 's "  actions place federal dollars ... at risk . " "  To enable the committee to better understand the nature of this risk , and the consequences of Hacienda 's actions , I respectfully request that appropriate Puerto Rico administration officials provide a briefing to committee staff , " Issa wrote . Read Issa 's letter  PDF Issa 's letter comes as Doral battles Puerto Rico for a $ 230 million tax refund it says it 's owed . After Puerto Rico decided not to refund the money , the FDIC essentially told the bank it could no longer count the $ 230 million toward its capital requirements . Deadline imposed The regulator gave the bank 120 days to find other ways to meet its capital requirements or face possible sale , merger or liquidation . An Oversight Committee aide said that one of the questions the California Republican wants answered is whether the FDIC would have to expend federal taxpayer money in the event the bank liquidates and is n't able to make all its depositors whole . The FDIC declined to comment . For its part , the Democratic governor 's office argues that the agreement , signed under a previous administration , is null because Doral 's supporting paperwork did not prove that the bank had overpaid its taxes . Just last week , debt rater Moody 's downgraded the U.S. territory 's credit rating further into junk status -- a theme Doral hit in a statement to CNN . "  The government 's decision to nullify its agreement with Doral was unexpected , " the bank said , and "  comes at the very time that the island teeters on financial insolvency . Nevertheless , the government 's financial situation should have no bearing on its willingness to fulfill its obligation to honor a legally binding agreement with Doral or any other business . " In the statement , Doral spokeswoman Miriam Warren said while bank officials had not seen Issa 's letter , "  We believe that an inquiry from the chairman and his committee represents a significant step in making the government of Puerto Rico accountable for its troubling behavior in this case . " Barbara Morgan , a spokeswoman for the governor 's administration , said in a statement that the Treasury Department determined there had been no overpayment and Doral 's allegations "  are without merit . " "  Doral 's financial situation was not caused by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and its regulatory issues began many years before the Treasury 's determination to nullify the 2012 closing agreement , " she said , adding that administration officials are working with Issa 's staff to provide the information he requested .	House Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa asks Puerto Rico 's governor to respond Bank says Puerto Rico nullified an agreement that would have meant a big tax refund Issa concerned that decision could put taxpayer funds at risk
CNN  -- Hawaii health officials are asking stores to pull a fat-burning supplement from shelves after officials linked it to cases of liver failure and acute hepatitis in 29 people . Two people have undergone liver transplants and one person has died , according to the Hawaii State Department of Health . Twenty-four of the people who fell ill reported using OxyElite Pro before being diagnosed ; the patients had no other medication or supplement in common . While the investigation is ongoing , health officials advised people to "  discontinue use of the product at this time . " Hawaii investigators are working with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Anyone who develops symptoms such as abdominal pain or discomfort , fatigue , loss of appetite , nausea and/or vomiting , and yellow skin or eyes should consult their doctor immediately , " Health Director Loretta Fuddy said in a statement . OxyElite Pro is sold nationwide . Because it is a dietary supplement , it did not have to be approved by the FDA before going to market . USPlabs , the company that produces OxyElite Pro , said it stands by the safety of all its products , but "  out of an abundance of caution , " the company is stopping domestic distribution of OxyElite Pro with the purple top and OxyElite Pro Super Thermo Powder . "  The company continues to believe these versions are safe and are not the cause of the cluster of liver toxicity that has occurred in Hawaii , " USPlabs said in a statement . USPlabs informed the FDA that counterfeit versions of OxyElite Pro have been circulating in the United States , according to an advisory issued by the FDA . The agency is investigating whether counterfeit products are linked to any of the hepatitis cases . USPlabs once also produced a product called OxyElite Pro with DMAA , but that has not been manufactured or distributed since earlier this year , the company said . In April , the FDA said it was using "  all available tools at its disposal " to eliminate supplements containing the stimulant dimethylamylamine , or DMAA , from the market . The agency said DMAA can cause increased blood pressure , shortness of breath , chest tightening , cardiovascular problems and even heart attacks . FDA spokeswoman Tamara Ward told CNN at the time that 11 companies had received warning letters from the FDA over the past year asking them to stop marketing products that contain DMAA . All but one -- USPlabs -- agreed to stop using DMAA in supplements .	Hawaii health officials link OxyElite Pro to 29 cases of liver failure and acute hepatitis Company says it stands by the safety of all its products but is ceasing distribution FDA warned against fat-burning supplements with DMAA in April
London , England  CNN  -- With a military band , a string orchestra and electric guitars on full blast , London 's Buckingham Palace was transformed into a rock venue on Monday as some of the biggest names in music celebrated Queen Elizabeth II 's diamond jubilee . Former Beatle Paul McCartney headlined a colorful evening of flag-waving entertainment that also saw Stevie Wonder , Elton John and Tom Jones take the stage alongside younger acts . The event was one of the highlights of four days of festivities that have united millions to honor the long-serving British monarch . As psychedelic illuminations and the reds , whites and blues of the Union Jack lit up the facade of the palace , McCartney played some of his greatest hits to an audience that included Prince Charles and his wife Camilla , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , Prince Harry , Prince Andrew and Princess Anne . The queen was also there having joined her family at the concert 's midway point . Her husband , 90-year-old Prince Philip , did not attend the show as he had been hospitalized earlier in the day with a bladder infection . See also : Canaletto painting inspires royal knees-up At the concert 's climax the monarch , dressed in a gold gown , joined the cast of performers on stage to ignite the last in a sequence of beacons burning around the world -- a fiery salute to her 60 years on the throne . She used a symbolic crystal "  diamond " to trigger a laser that ignited a "  national beacon " as 4,200 celebration fires blazed in communities across the UK and Commonwealth nations as far away as New Zealand and Tonga . "  We are now celebrating the life and service of a very special person over the past 60 years , " her son , Prince Charles told 18,000 ticket-holding guests , millions more watching on television and crowds packed into the nearby Mall thoroughfare . "  As a nation this is our opportunity to thank you and my father for always being there for us , for inspiring us with your selfless devotion to duty and for making us proud to be British . " Three rousing cheers and a deafening chorus of the British national anthem , "  God Save the Queen , " then rang out as fireworks filled the air . Eyes of the world on spectacular Thames pageant Artists representing pop , rock , classical and musical theater from every decade of her reign made appearances at Monday 's concert . A few tailored their hits for the occasion . Elton John kicked off his set with "  I 'm Still Standing , " while Stevie Wonder 's rendition of "  Is n't She Lovely " featured lyrics paying tribute to the "  young 86-year-old " queen . There were plenty of surprises as artists were given rare access to the royal residence and its surroundings . At one point , pop group Madness performed their hit "  Our House " from the roof of Buckingham Palace . Earlier , operatic tenor Alfie Boe sang a duet with American soprano Renee Fleming from a palace balcony . In one of the show 's more bizarre moments , Grace Jones sang her 1980s hit "  Slave to Rhythm " while swinging a hula hoop on her hips . Read a review of the show Another highlight included the performance of a song specially written by composer Andrew Lloyd Webber and concert organizer Gary Barlow performed by 200 people from around the Commonwealth . Other acts playing at the concert included Annie Lennox , American rapper Will.i.am , and Australian singer Kylie Minogue . While she is no stranger to pop concerts thanks to her regular attendance at "  royal variety " performances , it was n't clear from her set expression whether the queen was enjoying the lineup . Some have suggested the sovereign 's music tastes lean towards songs from musicals such as "  Oklahoma ! . " According to British media reports , she wore earplugs at a similar event in 2002 to mark 50 years of her reign . iReporters celebrate Queen Elizabeth II There were plenty of jokes on stage , but the queen reserved saved her smiles for the crowd and for quips made by Prince Charles about the weather which , after a weekend of rain , was dry for the duration of the concert . On Monday she endured heavy downpours to join a flotilla of more than 1,000 vessels parading down London 's River Thames as hundreds of thousands of people lined its banks . On Tuesday , the final day of jubilee festivities , the queen and other members of the royal family are to attend a service at London 's St. Paul 's Cathedral . After a lunch at the Palace of Westminster she will join a carriage procession traveling back to Buckingham Palace . CNN 's Stephanie Busari and Lauren Said-Moorhouse contributed to this report	Buckingham Palace hosts a star-studded diamond jubilee concert in honor of the queen Elton John , Tom Jones , Paul McCartney among big names playing Queen 's husband , Prince Philip , unable to attend after being checked into hospital Queen uses laser beam to light last in a global sequence of 4,200 beacons
CNN  -- The man paces back and forth on a St. Louis street , yelling "  Shoot me , " as two armed police officers approach him . Less than 20 seconds after their arrival , the officers open fire , killing him . As new cell phone video emerged Wednesday of the fatal confrontation that claimed the life of Kajieme Powell , a 25-year-old African-American man , St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson tried to explain the officers ' action in an appearance on CNN . The incident took place Tuesday , less than four miles from the suburb of Ferguson where , just days earlier , a police officer shot and killed Michael Brown , an unarmed black teen -- and touched off violent protests . Dotson said Powell was suspected of walking out of a convenience store with two energy drinks and a package of pastries that he did n't pay for . Police said Powell had a knife that he pulled out , although that is unclear from the video . "  An edge weapon , a knife , within 21 feet is a lethal weapon , " Dotson told CNN . "  The officer just did , what I think you or I would do -- they protected their life in that situation . " ` Drop the knife ' The video is graphic . CNN has chosen to freeze the footage right before Powell is shot , but the audio continues . Powell , dressed in khaki pants and a blue sweatshirt , is standing on the side of a street when a police car pulls up on the sidewalk near him . He takes a few steps back as officers get out of the police cruiser and approach him , armed with guns . They yell at Powell , repeatedly ordering him to get his hand out of his pocket . Powell walks towards them , yelling , "  Shoot me ! Shoot me ! Shoot me now . " He takes his hand out of his pocket and appears to be holding something in his right hand , but it 's unclear from the video what the object is . Authorities say Powell was brandishing a knife . One of the officers says , "  Drop the knife . " Powell looks back over his shoulder for an instant , then steps over a low concrete wall , off the sidewalk , moving closer to the officers as he is ordered again , "  Drop the knife . " Nine shots are heard .  In the unedited video , the man drops to the ground  . Onlookers gasp . The man filming the incident exclaims , "  Oh my God . " Questions raised Dotson said Powell was "  acting erratically , walking back and forth up and down the street . " Asked why the officers did n't use alternate weapons , such as a stun gun , to subdue the man , Dotson responded by saying such defenses can be unreliable . "  So you 've got an individual armed with a knife , who 's moving towards you , not listening to any verbal commands , continues , says ` Shoot me now , kill me now . ' Tasers are n't 100 % . If that Taser misses , that subject continues on , and hurts an officer , " he said . CNN 's Chris Cuomo said the officers ' actions raise several questions . "  There was no raising , there was no lunge , there was no charge , " he said . "  They open fire , both officers open fire . " "  The question now becomes , why did they have to do this ? " The two officers involved have been placed on administrative duty , per department policy . CNN 's Dana Ford and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Video shows St. Louis Police fatally shooting a man they say brandished a knife The man says "  Shoot me " as he walks toward the officers Nine shots are heard on a cell phone video of the incident Tuesday
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A Metrolink engineer driving a commuter train sent a text message about 22 seconds before the train collided with a Union Pacific freight train last month , the National Transportation Safety Board said Wednesday . The crash killed 25 people , including the engineer , Robert Sanchez , during Friday rush hour in Chatsworth , a northwest Los Angeles suburb . Meanwhile , the Senate on Wednesday night cleared a rail safety reform bill that would give Amtrak $ 13 billion dollars over five years , its passage partly pushed by the September 12 collision , according to The Associated Press . The bill , which passed by a 74-24 vote , will go before President Bush who has not said if he 'll sign it . The Federal Railroad Administration told the AP that safety technology mandated by the legislation would have prevented the crash . The bill adds 200 new safety inspectors and requires technology be installed by 2015 that can slow a train that runs a red light or jumps off track . The NTSB earlier determined the brakes on the Metrolink train were not applied before the collision and that stop signals at the scene were working properly , said Kitty Higgins , an NTSB member assigned to the investigation . The bill also limits the hours a week rail crews can work , and prohibits shifts longer than 12 hours , the AP said . On Wednesday , the NTSB said that Sanchez , 46 , sent a text message at 4:22:01 p.m. on September 12 , the NTSB said , citing information on his cell phone activity that the safety board subpoenaed from his service provider . The preliminary estimate of the time for the head-on collision is 4:22:23 p.m. , NTSB said , citing Union Pacific train 's onboard recorders . Sanchez last received a text message at 4:21:03 p.m. , NTSB said . From 3:03 p.m. -- when Sanchez returned from a break that had lasted several hours -- until the collision , the engineer received seven text message and sent five , the NTSB said . The safety board did not identify with whom Sanchez was exchanging text messages . From 6:44 a.m. until 8:53 a.m. that day , when Sanchez was also in charge of a train , he received 21 text messages and sent two dozen , the NTSB said . "  The Safety Board 's Recorder Laboratory is continuing to correlate times recorded for use of the Metrolink engineer 's cell phone , train recorder data , and signal system data to a common time base , " NTSB said . After the incident , California Public Utilities Commission banned train operators from texting on the job . In pushing for the ban , Commission President Michael Peevey said cell phone use by engineers "  may have been a factor " in train accidents this year in San Francisco and Sacramento , California . He did not elaborate on details of those incidents . Thursday 's order is temporary until the state commission decides whether to make it permanent . Metrolink prohibits cell phone use by engineers on the job , but Peevey emphasized there is no federal or California regulation barring cell phone use by engineers while trains are moving . Twenty-four bodies were found at the scene after the collision . A 25th victim , a man in his 50s , died at a hospital . More than 130 people were injured . The agency said it also has been in contact with two teenagers who told a local television station they were exchanging text messages with the engineer just before the crash . Higgins said investigators interviewed a Metrolink train conductor who had worked with Sanchez since April . The conductor "  had no issues of his time working with the engineer and on how the engineer operated the train , " she said .	NEW : AP : Senate passes bill to give billions to Amtrak Crash killed 25 people , including train engineer Robert Sanchez -- the texter NTSB : Text sent at 4:22:01 p.m. on September 12 ; crash happened at 4:22:23 After crash , California Public Utilities Commission banned texting on the job
CNN  -- The U.S. State Department got personal in its complaints against the Syrian government Thursday , accusing it of a "  targeted , brutal attack " on a popular Syrian political cartoonist , Ali Farzat . Shortly after a cartoon by Farzat depicting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad hitching a ride with outgoing Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi began circulating in Syria , Farzat was reportedly kidnapped by masked men , beaten and thrown unconscious from a van onto a road in Damascus "  The  al-Assad  regime 's thugs focused their attention on  Farzat 's  hands , beating them furiously and breaking one of them -- a clear message that he should stop drawing , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland wrote in an official statement . The statement went on to name five other "  moderate activists " that it said have been jailed for speaking out against the al-Assad regime . "  While making empty promises about dialogue with the Syrian people , the Assad regime continues to carry out brutal attacks against peaceful Syrians trying to exercise their universal right to free expression . We demand that the Assad regime immediately stop its campaign of terror through torture , illegal imprisonment , and murder , " Nuland 's statement continued . Passers-by reportedly found the beaten 60-year-old cartoonist and took him to a hospital . A photograph circulating Thursday on the internet showed Farzat with a bandage over his right eye , his face badly bruised , and heavy bandages wrapped around both hands . Nuland 's statement described Farzat as "  the most popular political cartoonist in the country , " and reaction in Syria was swift to the attack on a man described on a website featuring his cartoons as having "  a pen of Damascus steel . " In a demonstration of solidarity , a number of Syrians on Facebook changed their profile pictures to that of the bruised and bloodied satirist . Farzat is known for his caricatures lampooning figures such as Saddam Hussein , who threatened him with death before banning his work in Iraq , and Gadhafi of Libya , where his work is also banned .	Ali Farzat is a popular Syrian political cartoonist He was abducted and beaten after a cartoon depicting Syria 's Bashar al-Assad The U.S. State Department blames the al-Assad regime for a "  targeted , brutal attack " Farzat 's supporters circulated a photo of the hospitalized cartoonist on the internet
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi man who was jailed after throwing his shoes at then-President George W. Bush last year arrived in Syria on Tuesday night , hours after being released from prison , his employer said . Muntadhar al-Zaidi speaks to reporters shorlty after his release from an Iraqi jail . Al-Baghdadia TV said Muntadhar al-Zaidi had arrived in Damascus . Al-Zaidi 's brother , Dhirgham al-Zaidi , told CNN that the 30-year-old journalist was to travel in a private plane to Greece for medical treatment . Shortly after he left prison , the 30-year-old journalist visited the studios of his employer , Al-Baghdadia TV , where he spoke to other reporters about his experience . He wore a sash in the colors of the Iraqi national flag draped around his shoulders . Muntadhar al-Zaidi said he was beaten with cables and pipes and tortured with electricity immediately after guards removed him from a news conference for hurling both shoes at Bush . He said he was taken into another room and beaten even as the news conference continued . However , he remained defiant about the incident that landed him in prison . "  I got my chance , and I did n't miss it , " he said . "  I am not a hero , and I admit that , " he added . "  I am a person with a stance . I saw my country burning . " Al-Zaidi , who was serving a one-year sentence after the jail-throwing incident December 14 , was given a "  conditional discharge . " Under Iraqi law , a "  conditional discharge " allows for the release of a prisoner after he serves three-quarters of his sentence , on good behavior . Watch more about al-Zaidi 's release " Al-Zaidi said he was compelled to act after witnessing what the U.S. invasion had wrought on his country : orphans , widows , refugees . He said he promised those affected by the war that should he get the opportunity , he would avenge their loss . That chance came at the news conference , when al-Zaidi threw both his shoes at Bush and called him a "  dog , " two of the worst insults in the Middle East . Bush ducked the shoes and was not hurt . During his remarks , al-Zaidi offered one apology : to fellow journalists who perceived his act as unprofessionalism . Sound off : Was a jail sentence too harsh a punishment ? "  Professionalism does not preclude nationalism , " he said . Al-Zaidi was sentenced to jail for "  assaulting a foreign head of state on an official visit to Iraq . " His original three-year sentence was reduced to a single year by an appellate court in April . The journalist 's family and supporters had waited for two days outside the Baghdad jail where he was held , initially hoping he would be freed Monday , but procedural delays kept that from happening . Last week , al-Zaidi 's family prepared for his release , plastering the walls of their modest Baghdad home with his posters . "  We are happy , like any detainee 's family would be happy for the release of its son after the bitter time he spent in jail , " brother Dhirgham al-Zaidi said . He said the family had received many phone calls from supporters across the country who planned to travel to Baghdad and welcome al-Zaidi after his release . Though many Iraqis hold Bush in low esteem , opinions were mixed in Iraq following the incident . Some viewed al-Zaidi as a hero , with thousands taking to the streets , calling for his release ; others said his act went against Arab traditions of honoring guests . Al-Zaidi 's brothers said they had been offered many gifts and financial rewards , though they had rejected them . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Cal Perry contributed to this report .	NEW : Journalist 's brother says he 's headed to Greece to get medical treatment Al-Zaidi threw both his shoes at U.S. president and called him a "  dog " Journalist 's three-year sentence was reduced on appeal in April Al-Zaidi has been in jail since the incident in December
CNN  -- Champions League finalists Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund rounded off their Bundesliga seasons in contrasting styles Saturday ahead of their May 25 showdown at Wembley . Bayern came from two goals behind for a 4-3 win at Borussia Moenchengladbach while Dortmund surrendered a lead to lose 2-1 at home to Hoffenheim , who kept their hopes of avoiding the drop alive . Bayern 's 29th league win from 34 matches gave them a record tally of 91 points -- fully 25 points clear of Dortmund , who had been the reigning champions . Veteran Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes was saying farewell to the Bundesliga after 1,011 games -- he will be replaced by Pep Guardiola next season -- and the match had an added poignancy because it was against one of his former sides . They looked like spoiling his party as they led Bayern 3-1 inside the first 10 minutes , but Franck Ribery with a double , also setting up Arjen Robben for the second half winner , left Heynckes beaming . "  I had the feeling the team were still at last Saturday 's party to celebrate the league title , " he told their official website . "  But the team slowly got the game under control and we played like we 're used to in the second half . I realized my team wanted to win for me . " Heynckes had fielded a full strength line-up tipped to start next Saturday 's final but Austrian defender Martin Stranzl and striker Mike Hanke , on his farewell for Moenchengladbach , put the home side 2-0 ahead in the opening moments . Javi Martinez pulled one back for the champions before Havard Nordtveit made it 3-1 . Bayern had conceded only 15 goals in the entire Bundesliga season going into the final match . Then came Ribery to the rescue with a fine strike on 18 minutes , an equalizer early in the second half and a cross for Robben to tap home the winner . Dortmund 's opponents Hoffenheim were fighting for their Bundesliga life and it looked bleak for the strugglers when Robert Lewandowski put the home side ahead after just six minutes -- the 24th of the league campaign for the Polish star . Juergen Klopp 's men should have added to their tally but with 13 minutes left Mats Hummels fouled Kevin Volland to concede a penalty and also limped off with a turned ankle , leaving him a possible doubt for next week 's final . Sejad Salihovic leveled from the spot and four minutes later had a second penalty opportunity after home keeper Roman Weidenfeller fouled Sven Schipplock and was sent off . Salihovic netted the penalty and Hoffenheim held on to earn a relegation playoff against Kaiserslautern . "  We now draw a thick line under the Bundesliga season and see now if all the players are fit for the final , " Klopp told AFP after the defeat . Elsewhere , Schalke 04 earned a Champions League spot for next season with a 2-1 win at SC Freiburg , who will have to settle for a Europa League place . Julian Draxler put Schalke ahead in the first half but Jonathan Schmid leveled for Freiburg just after the break . An own goal from Julian Schuster saw Schalke ahead again and left Freiburg in fifth place in the final standings . With Hoffenheim winning , Fortuna Dusseldorf were automatically relegated , losing 3-0 at Hanover . Stefan Kiessling stayed ahead of Lewandowski as the Bundesliga top-scorer as he sealed third-placed Bayer Leverkusen 's 1-0 win at Hamburg with a last minute goal -- his 25th of the campaign .	Bayern Munich round off triumphant Bundesliga season with dramatic away win Champions beat Borussia Moenchengladbach 4-3 Borussia Dortmund beaten 2-1 at home by struggling Hoffenheim Dortmund and Bayern to contest Champions League final on May 25
Cairo  CNN  -- Thousands of demonstrators who gathered in Cairo 's Tahrir Square for a protest titled "  Day of Justice and Cleansing " confronted two officers and sent them running late Friday , according to a witness . The numbers in the square have swelled dramatically compared to last Friday 's rally , in part because the Muslim Brotherhood has now joined alongside secular , liberal groups to put pressure on the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which currently rules Egypt . Demonstrators stepped up their demands this week . Muhammad Taman , a spokesman for the January 25 Coalition , told CNN the diverse collection of political groups are demanding Egyptian authorities bring ousted president Hosni Mubarak before a court for his alleged role in the deaths of hundreds of activists last January and February and on corruption charges . If Mubarak is not prosecuted , Taman said , activists are prepared to organize a march towards the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh , where Mubarak has been living on his estate since he stepped down from office on February 11 . "  This is the army 's last chance , " Taman warned . Mubarak 's eldest son , Gamal , is expected to appear before the Justice Ministry 's Illicit Profiteering Committee on Sunday . Meanwhile , Mubarak 's long-time chief of staff , Zakaria Azmi , was questioned and then arrested on Thursday by Egypt 's general prosecutor . Azmi is being investigated for alleged corrupt activities . He was shown on Egyptian television Friday being escorted to a vehicle by uniformed Egyptian police while bystanders chanted , "  Thief , thief ! " An army lieutenant colonel and a military police officer tried to walk to the center of square , where they were surrounded by demonstrators who chanted "  get out , get out , " said journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , who witnessed the incident . Within moments , members of the crowd began pushing the officers and knocking their hats off their heads . "  The officers got scared and started running and they were pursued , " said Fahmy . Demonstrators are protecting 15 army officers and soldiers who broke ranks with the Egyptian military and joined Friday 's Tahrir Square protest , ignoring a warning from the top military brass that any uniformed troops participating in the rally would be arrested . Some of the officers addressed the demonstration , demanding Egypt 's ruling military council be replaced by a presidential committee of civillians .	NEW : Two Egyptian officers forced to leave square , witness says Numbers of demonstrators have swelled because the Muslim Brotherhood has joined Groups are seeking prosecution of former president Hosni Mubarak Mubarak 's chief of staff has been arrested
CNN  -- Among U.S. adults who go online , 13 % use Twitter -- and more than half  54 %  of these people access the popular social media service with their mobile phone , according to new research from the Pew Internet and American Life Project . The report also revealed some interesting details about the demographics of Twitter users . For instance , 25 % of adult African-Americans who use the Internet are on Twitter , as are 19 % of Hispanic Americans , compared with only 9 % of whites . Where you live also may affect whether you 're on Twitter : About 15 % of both urban and suburban U.S. adult Internet users are on Twitter , vs. only 7 % of rural dwellers . Twitter is slightly more popular with men than women , and most popular with Internet users ages 18 to 29 . Income is not an especially significant indicator of whether someone is likely to use Twitter , but education is : 16 % of college-educated adult Internet users are on Twitter , vs. only 8 % of those who stopped school after graduating high school . "  Mobile Twitter " can mean several different things , since Twitter exploits nearly every available mobile communication channel . Pew did not examine which types of phones mobile tweeters use , but it 's probably all of them . After all , Twitter was designed from the very beginning to be accessible on even the simplest feature phones  the next step down from smartphones , representing 70 % of the handsets currently in use in the U.S.  . This is evidenced by the most obvious characteristic of Twitter -- that tweets are limited to 140 characters . That comes from the constraints of SMS text messaging , which can be done from virtually every cell phone on the planet . Texting is , by most measures , the most popular activity across nearly all mobile demographics and on all types of mobile phones . Twitter also supports optional e-mail notifications , and e-mail is increasingly popular with mobile users on all kinds of phones . On the higher end of mobile , you can access Twitter from a variety of native mobile apps for smartphones and tablets , created by lots of different developers using Twitter 's application programming interface , or API . Twitter also recently updated its mobile website by leveraging new HTML5 capabilities to add interactive features and make the site function more like an app -- at least on smartphones with full-featured browsers . But even on the limited "  microbrowsers " still common on most feature phones , Twitter 's site offers a fairly user-friendly mobile Web experience . Pew 's report echoes other research that has found that social media is an increasingly popular mobile activity . A February report from comScore noted that social media is currently the fastest-growing content category for mobile users  up 56 % over the previous year  . And a year ago , Nielsen noted that 54 % of smartphone users and 36 % of feature phone users were accessing social media via mobile apps . On the flip side , all this research indicates that if you 're using social media , expect that a significant and growing proportion of your audience are on mobile devices . Increasingly , social media will also mean mobile by default . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	54 % of Twitter users access the social media service through their mobile phone , study shows New Pew study did not examine which types of phones mobile tweeters use It said that 16 % of college-educated adult Internet users are on Twitter It also said that 25 % of adult African-Americans who use the Internet are on Twitter
CNN  -- Four human rights organizations are urging authorities in the United Arab Emirates to drop charges against five pro-democracy activists . Court proceedings against the five men wrapped up Monday and are scheduled to resume July 25 . They face charges of public insult against the president of the UAE and other top officials , the groups said in a statement . All five defendants have pleaded not guilty . The four groups jointly calling for charges to be dropped are Amnesty International , the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information  ANHRI  , Front Line Defenders and Human Rights Watch . The groups accuse UAE authorities of misusing the defamation charges "  as a pretext " to punish the activists for peacefully expressing their opinions , they said in a statement . "  We consider all five men prisoners of conscience and call on the UAE authorities to release them unconditionally , " said Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa deputy director at Amnesty International . Other charges against the men , who police detained in April , include undermining the public order and opposing the government system . They have been "  held in preventative custody , " according to UAE 's state news agency WAM . The best-known of the five activists on trial is Ahmed Mansour Ali Abdullah Al Abd Al Shehi , more commonly known as Ahmed Mansour . He is a "  leading human rights activist who had publicly called for political freedoms and an elected parliament , " Human Rights Watch said . Mansour also is a member of Human Rights Watch 's Middle East advisory committee . Mansour "  faces additional charges for inciting others to break the law , calling for an election boycott , and for demonstrations , " the four groups said . On trial with him are economist Nasser Ahmed Khalfan bin Gaith , Fahad Salim Mohammed Salim Dalk , Hassan Ali Al Khamis -- all of the United Arab Emirates -- and Ahmed Abdul Khaleq , who "  does not carry identification papers , " state news reported . All were arrested on the heels of a recent decision by the UAE 's government to dissolve the elected board of directors of the Jurist Association , a prominent civil rights organization in that country , and replace it with state appointees , according to Human Rights Watch . The Jurist Association was one of four nongovernmental organizations that sent a petition in March 2011 to UAE President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan and other authorities asking for direct elections . Ahmed Mansour signed the petition , which also demanded authorities turn over legislative powers to a representative body known as the Federal National Council , which exercises an advisory function . FNC elections are scheduled for September , according to state media . Authorities justified the sacking of the association 's elected board , saying it had violated a law banning nongovernmental organizations from interfering "  in politics or in matters that impair state security and  the  ruling regime . " Human Rights Watch has accused UAE authorities of acting against its own free speech guarantees as well as those propagated by regional and international provisions . The UAE are "  reacting to domestic criticisms by banning websites , detaining peaceful activists and intensifying its chokehold on civil society , " Human Rights Watch claims . The country has not faced street protests , but authorities are sensitive to the unrest sweeping the Arab world . Long-standing regimes in Tunisia and Egypt were toppled earlier this year , and Damascus has launched a violent crackdown against protesters in Syria . Libya is currently in the midst of a full-blown war involving supporters and opponents of strongman Moammar Gadhafi . Both the UAE and Saudi Arabia recently sent troops to nearby Bahrain to help quell an uprising there . While concerned with rising ethnic and sectarian strife in the region , authorities in the UAE also have to contend with potentially explosive immigration concerns . More than 8 million people live in the UAE , but Emiratis account for only 11.5 % of that total . Migrant workers comprise the bulk of the population in the country . Jenifer Fenton contributed to this report	They face charges of public insult against the president Human Rights Watch accuses the UAE of misusing the law to persecute free speech UAE authorities have not seen street protests but helped fight protesters in Bahrain All five defendants have pleaded not guilty ; their trial resumes Monday
