CNN  -- Jay Z and Beyonce continue to be full of surprises . In the midst of all of the hoopla surrounding the now well-known elevator incident involving the couple and Beyonce 's younger sister , Solange Knowles , the superstar pair have released a "  trailer " for their upcoming tour . The star-studded short features cameos from actors Jake Gyllenhaal  who is now part of meme history thanks to a recent courtside photo with the superstar couple  , Sean Penn , Don Cheadle , "  Scandal " actor Guillermo DÃ ¬ az , Blake Lively , Emmy Rossum , and sisters Rashida and Kidada Jones . Directed by Melina Matsoukas , who has worked with Beyonce on music videos , the minimovie is meant to promote the 16-city "  On The Run " tour , which will mark the first time the singer and her rapper husband have toured jointly . In the trailer , the couple portray a pair of outlaw lovers seen making deals , executing a heist , running from the authorities and sharing tender moments in a hotel room . One scene shows them emerging from an elevator wearing masks -- which could be seen as a bit of irony , given the recent headlines following the release of a surveillance video showing Solange Knowles punching and kicking Jay Z in a hotel elevator while Beyonce stood nearby on the night of the Met Gala in New York City . The trio have since released a statement which says in part , "  We love each other and above all we are family . We 've put this behind us and hope everyone else will do the same . " Music featuring the rap mogul and his wife play in the almost four-minute video , which hit the Web on Saturday . Titled "  Run , " it 's listed as a joint production between Jay Z 's Roc Nation and Beyonce 's Parkwood Entertainment . The "  On The Run " stadium tour kicks off June 25 in Miami .	The four-minute "  trailer " hit the Web on Saturday Jay Z and Beyonce portray an outlaw couple There 's an elevator scene in the minimovie
Travel + Leisure  -- Hungry travelers are seeking authentic culinary experiences at home and abroad . Steaming bamboo baskets of plump soup dumplings arrive at your table . You could be in Shanghai , China , or even San Francisco 's Chinatown . But one thing is for sure : With one taste of their delicate hand-rolled skins and rich , savory broth , you 're hooked . Especially when you look around and realize that you 're the only out-of-towner in the room . To celebrate the distinct pleasure of being an insider wherever you may be , CNN and Travel + Leisure are joining forces for the delicious multi-platform series "  100 Places to Eat Like a Local . " We will be gathering our intel through iReports , canvassing our network of correspondents and chefs across the globe , and gathering on-the-ground dispatches from CNN reporters . This series will look to the food-obsessed everywhere for their recommendations on their favorite uniquely local spots -- trattorias , noodle carts , clam shacks , taco stands , izakayas , coffee houses , patisseries -- whether in their home towns or farther afield . According to a 2009 World Food Travel Association study of 11,000 self-identified culinary travelers in 37 countries , "  authentic " and "  localist " dining experiences rank as top travel motivators -- and the organization predicts those factors rate even higher today . More than ever , food-minded travelers are following the old adage "  When in Rome ... "  or Memphis , or Moscow , or Melbourne  , and seeking out "  only in " dining experiences they ca n't get at home . Be it an off-the-beaten-path ribs joint in Memphis or a croissant quest in Paris , there 's a measurable return to what 's real -- those places and dishes that locals and travelers alike obsess over . Beyond giving a destination a distinct flavor , these places are often also a source of hometown pride -- and with good reason . Whether you 're ordering a char-grilled kathi roll at Khan Chacha , a beloved local institution in New Delhi since 1968 , or an overstuffed lobster roll laced with lemony mayo at off-the-radar Holbrooks Lobster Wharf in Harpswell , Maine , you are sure to find happy residents -- and a few in-the-know travelers , too . We want to hear from you . Share you favorite local finds with iReport . Some of the best submissions will be featured in an upcoming issue of Travel + Leisure magazine .	CNN and Travel + Leisure partner to Eat Like a Local We want your recommendations for where to get the taste of a place Share your picks with iReport for possible inclusion in upcoming stories
Many of our immediate responses to Hurricane Sandy were successful . Scientists accurately forecast the storm ; authorities ordered the proper actions ; many people heeded the orders ; and there was a massive government response in the aftermath . What went most wrong , and continues to go wrong , is our handling of environmental risks in the long term . Even when the present has delivered an unprecedented shock , we still have trouble accepting that the future will bring new ones , unlike those before . It will . Sandy was forecast with remarkable precision . Some models saw the storm coming more than a week ahead of time . Five days before it made landfall , the National Hurricane Center predicted the rest of the storm 's track confidently , and almost perfectly . Forecasts this accurate are the result of decades of research and development , much of it done by government-funded scientists and engineers . Their remarkable achievement should not be taken for granted . Many aspects of the immediate government response to Sandy were also successful . Having learned from his predecessor 's failure with Katrina in 2005 , President Obama took Sandy seriously from the outset . A battered community , an unexpected angel The Federal Emergency Management Administration had people and assets in place early , and mobilized reinforcements quickly after the storm to bring help to those in need . There were many successes at the local level as well . New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority did a remarkable job restoring subway service so quickly . Our real problems are long-term . Our infrastructure is not prepared for the climate we 've had in the past , let alone the one we 'll have in the future . It was clear for years that the New York City subways were dangerously vulnerable to hurricane flooding . Waterproofing was never undertaken . It was considered too expensive a response to a problem that would arrive at an unspecified future time . One of the storm 's most expensive casualties was the new , half-billion dollar station at South Ferry , built in the flood zone . This is not to single out the MTA . Similar examples line our coastline -- houses and businesses built on the beach and in coastal wetlands , power lines vulnerable to trees that come down even in tropical storm-force winds . The consequences of poor planning will become all the more serious as climate warms and sea level rises . CNN iReport : Photographer revisits Sandy 's path New York City is actually a world leader in urban environmentalism . Mayor Bloomberg and PlaNYC 's post-Sandy "  Proposal for a Stronger , More Resilient New York " may be the most serious proposal by any city yet to become more climate-ready . I hope that it survives the end of Bloomberg 's term , and that we find the funds and political will to implement it , or something like it . But political and economic pressures discourage long-term investment . This is more true at the federal level than the local , and becomes still more frightening when we consider the most large-scale and long-term problem : human-induced global warming itself . Floods like Sandy 's will become more common as sea level rises . Rain-driven floods like those in Colorado a few weeks ago will also happen more often , as warmer air holds more water vapor . Less dramatic , but perhaps ultimately more harmful , the coolest summers in a hundred years will be hotter than even the hottest summers that have occurred in our lifetimes . This has still not sunk in . It is outside our experience , and hard to grasp . But we know these things will happen . This , too , is a confident forecast . The changes are already under way , results of human greenhouse gas emissions , and consistent with the predictions of climate scientists decades ago . Reducing greenhouse gas emissions takes long-term vision . It also takes faith in science . Science , at its heart , is just the practice of taking reality seriously . Under Obama , the United States has taken some modest measures . But we need to do much more . So far , the long-term costs of inaction have not been taken as seriously as the short-term costs of action . Most disturbing , the primary tactic of those opposed to action has not been to argue about the real costs and benefits , but to pretend that reality is not what it is . We human beings are all a little shortsighted by nature , but there is no excuse for willful ignorance , or for conscious , intellectually dishonest denial . When science delivers a threatening forecast , action is the only responsible course . Our leaders have shown great capacity to act upon a forecast for a Superstorm in a few days ' time . We need to convince them to take the climate change forecast equally seriously .	Adam Sobel : The short-term responses to Hurricane Sandy were successful Forecasts were very accurate , FEMA and MTA responded effectively , he says Sobel says the one failure was that it has n't prompted sufficient concern about climate change Threat of storms , flooding will increase ; cities need to prepare now , Sobel says
CNN  -- Lionel Messi 's sixth hat-trick of 2010 helped Barcelona demolish Almeria 8-0 on Saturday night , but three goals from Cristiano Ronaldo kept Real Madrid on top in Spain ahead of next Monday 's "  Clasico " clash between the La Liga giants . Messi reached the milestone of 100 league goals for Barcelona in just 154 appearances for the defending champions , and has already scored 22 this season in all competitions . His third goal briefly lifted him above Ronaldo as the league 's top scorer on 13 , putting the visitors seven up before the Argentine laid on substitute Bojan Krkic 's second goal with 17 minutes to play . Barcelona led 5-0 at the halftime break , with Messi breaking the deadlock in the 17th minute after combining well with David Villa . Andres Iniesta made it 2-0 a minute later after woeful defending by Almeria , with his misplaced cross fortuitously rebounding back into his path , then Peru defender Wilmer Acasiete turned Maxwell 's low cross into his own net on 27 . Pedro embarrassed the onrushing Diego Alves eight minutes later as he easily won the race to a long ball in the 35th minute , then soon after Messi netted from the winger 's low cross at the second attempt after the goalkeeper parried his first . Messi helped set up Bojan 's first in the 62nd minute , with the 20-year-old showing nimble feet before dinking the ball over Alves . The beleaguered Alves could only parry Villa 's shot into Messi 's pass for the seventh , and Bojan made no mistake when sent free down the middle to seal the biggest win of the Spanish season so far and leave Almeria in the bottom three . The home side had conceded only 10 goals in 11 games -- the third best defensive record in the league behind Real and Barcelona -- but coach Juan Manuel Lillo was sacked after the match . Barcelona travel to Greece on Wednesday to face Panathinaikos in the Champions League , then host Real in a Monday fixture forced due to security concerns over the Catalan elections that weekend . Real Madrid will take a one-point lead into that match following the 5-1 victory at home to Athletic Bilbao in the late match , as coach Jose Mourinho completed his two-match touchline ban . With the Portuguese boss watching from various positions in the stands , Real almost went behind in just the second minute when defender Pepe had to clear off the line from Fernando Llorente . But Gonzalo Higuain put Real ahead in the 19th minute with a clinical low finish after fellow Argentine Angel Di Maria slipped a low pass into the penalty area , and Ronaldo doubled the lead on the half-hour after Mesut Ozil cleverly knocked the ball into his path . Spain striker Llorente reduced the deficit five minutes before halftime from close range with his ninth league goal of the season , but Real restored their two-goal buffer 11 minutes after the break . Di Maria duped Markel Susaeta into bringing him down just inside the box , and defender Sergio Ramos surprisingly stepped up to smash home the resulting penalty for his first goal of the campaign . Ronaldo effectively sealed the win in the 62nd minute with a swerving free-kick that wrongfooted goalkeeper Gorka Iraizoz could only palm into his net . The Portugal forward then netted his 15th league goal this season -- and 17th overall -- from the penalty spot in time added on after substitute Esteban Granero was brought down , despite having to retake the kick after illegally stopping in his initial run-up . Bilbao , who hit the bar through Javi Martinez in the 87th minute , were left in ninth place -- 16 points behind Real . Villarreal retained third place after coming from behind to earn a 1-1 draw at home to 10-man Valencia , who stayed fourth . Aritz Aduriz put Valencia ahead in the 20th minute with a deflected shot as Villarreal -- who had won all five previous home matches this season -- conceded at El Madrigal for just the second time . Italy forward Giuseppe Rossi gave his side a lifeline in the 73rd minute with a volley for his eighth La Liga goal of the campaign as his team now trail Real by eight points . Valencia lost Lithuania defender Marius Stankevicius to a second yellow card with 10 minutes to go , but held on for the draw ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League clash with Turkish side Bursaspor .	Real Madrid stay one point clear in Spain after beating Athletic Bilbao 5-1 Cristiano Ronaldo returns to top of scoring charts on 15 with a hat-trick He had earlier been deposed by Lionel Messi , who scored a treble for Barcelona Defending champions thrashed Almeria 8-0 , which cost home team 's coach his job
CNN  -- As easier-to-extract fossil fuels are depleted , techniques that involve more effort , environmental destruction and carbon emissions are being developed . Each new wave of more extreme extraction methods , be it tar sands , deep water drilling or mountain top removal , brings a new level of destruction to the area concerned . In the UK , gas production from the North Sea is in terminal decline . Prices have risen and consumption is falling . It is within this context that the UK government has proposed building up to 40 new gas-fired power stations in the hope that some unconventional gas will be found to fuel them . This apparently insane gamble does have some , admittedly warped , reasoning behind it . The threat to the energy corporations , whose influence in government is huge , is not energy shortages , from which they will profit handsomely , but sensible energy conservation which will make people less dependent on them . Whatever the outcome of that gamble , higher prices and less gas are assured , but the destruction of communities and the environment however , is something we do have a choice about . In the U.S. , the shale gas boom is fast turning into a bust . Fracking companies are losing money hand over fist , drilling has slumped , prices are rising and gas production looks set to decline . The drop in demand due to the 2008 recession is what has lowered U.S. natural gas prices and emissions , not shale gas . It is clear that the idea being pushed of a shale-fuelled economic miracle is just so much hot air , fuelled by the usual irrational exuberance . The impact which a desperate scramble for unconventional gas will have on the UK would be profound . The tens of thousands of wells and thousands of miles of pipelines would have a vast greater impact than has been seen in the U.S. or Australia . The UK is one of the most densely populated countries in the world . As the evidence of water contamination , air pollution and health effect from the U.S. and Australia mounts up , people in the UK are scared . The UK government is preparing to sell off over half the country for fracking in the next year . It has instituted an Office of Unconventional Gas and Oil to cut though what little regulations previously existed . Plans are also afoot to take planning decisions about these developments out of the hands of regional governments so that local communities will have even less influence of the outcomes . On a global scale the threat from the exploitation of unconventional gas is even more dire . We can not afford to burn the all the conventional fossil fuel reserves . The three main unconventional gas techniques are shale gas , coal bed methane  CBM/CSG  and underground coal gasification  UCG  , which literally involved setting fire to coal seams underground to exploit the energy released . Between them they could unlock enough carbon to cause a five to 10 degrees Celsius global temperature increase . In the UK , as with many countries around the world , ordinary people are organizing to resist this invasion of their communities . Groups are being formed , public meetings are being held , films are being made and protests are being organized . People in the UK do not believe that their health and well-being should be sacrificed for the profit of a few . We take particular heart from Australia where a growing movement of organized communities appears to having some success in resisting the spread of fracking companies . The message is clear -- fracking and associated extreme energy methods like tar sands extraction , are intrinsically destructive to people and the planet . They must and will be opposed wherever they are being imposed on communities . In the end , fracking is a road to nowhere and the sooner we start heading back towards safety ground the better it will be for all of us .	UK campaigners : Shale gas exploration have greater impact in UK than in U.S. Frack Off : Unconventional gas unlocking could cause huge global temperature rise Group : Health and well-being of people in UK should not be sacrificed for profit of a few
EW.com  -- NSync is back ! Kind of . The group 's label , Sony Legacy Records , released The Essential * NSYNC , a double album featuring NSync 's hits as well as some rarer songs , Tuesdayâ $ " and the band , evidently , had no idea . Lance Bass posted a photo of the album on Instagram , writing , "  I love when the record label does n't even tell you they are releasing a new ` NSYNC album tomorrow ! Sounds like they do n't anyone to know about it . " Despite the apparent lack of promotion , plenty of people found out about its release : The album is already out of stock on Amazon and is currently one of the most downloaded albums on iTunes . "  There 's a lot of these songs I do n't think I 've ever heard , I remember recording them but I 've never heard them before , so I 'm interested in just hearing it , " Bass said on his radio show "  Dirty Pop " after hearing the news . Some of those songs include "  Believe in Yourself , " which they performed on Sesame Street in 2000 , and a cover of "  The Lion Sleeps Tonight . " The group 's label , Sony Legacy Records , released The Essential * NSYNC , a double album featuring NSync 's hits as well as some rarer songs , Tuesdayâ $ " and the band , evidently , had no idea . Lance Bass posted a photo of the album on Instagram , writing , "  I love when the record label does n't even tell you they are releasing a new ` NSYNC album tomorrow ! Sounds like they do n't anyone to know about it . " Despite the apparent lack of promotion , plenty of people found out about its release : The album is already out of stock on Amazon and is currently one of the most downloaded albums on iTunes . "  There 's a lot of these songs I do n't think I 've ever heard , I remember recording them but I 've never heard them before , so I 'm interested in just hearing it , " Bass said on his radio show "  Dirty Pop " after hearing the news . Some of those songs include "  Believe in Yourself , " which they performed on Sesame Street in 2000 , and a cover of "  The Lion Sleeps Tonight . " Bass is n't the only NSync-er excited to hear what tracks are on this surprise album : Chris Kirkpatrick wrote "  It 's great to release some of the songs that had never made a record before ! " on Twitter Tuesday . Joey Fatone and JC Chasez also took to Twitter to thank their fans , but Justin Timberlake has yet to make any sort of statement about the albumâ $ " he 's probably too busy listening to it on repeat like the rest of us . Though NSync has n't released an album together since 2001 's Celebrity , the five briefly reunited at 2013 's VMAs to perform a medley of "  Girlfriend " and "  Bye Bye Bye . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sony released a double NSync album It contains classics and rare material The group says they did n't know it was coming
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's father wants a judge to order the pop star 's estate to pay him a monthly allowance , according to papers filed in court Friday . Joe Jackson , the 80-year-old Jackson family patriarch , was not named in Michael Jackson 's 2002 will , which left his wealth to his mother , Katherine Jackson , his three children and undisclosed charities . Brian Oxman , Joe Jackson 's lawyer , filed the petition Friday asking for him to be included in the family allowance . The matter will be considered Tuesday when Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff convenes the next hearing on matters related to the probate of Jackson 's will , Oxman said . The filing does not publicly specify how much Jackson 's father is requesting . Howard Weitzman , one of the lawyers for the estate 's special administrators , said Joe Jackson 's request "  will be considered as are all requests for money from Michael 's estate . " "  It was quite surprising to learn of the request , " Weitzman said . Michael Jackson 's mother and his three children receive a court-ordered allowance from the estate totaling more than $ 86,000 a month , according to court documents . The money is in addition to the maintenance of the home -- which is owned by the estate -- in Encino , California , where Katherine Jackson lives with her grandchildren , the papers said . Although Joe and Katherine Jackson are still married , Joe Jackson lives in Las Vegas , Nevada . Joe Jackson is credited with launching and guiding his family 's show business success , but Michael Jackson had publicly criticized his father 's parenting skills . Tuesday 's hearing could also see a new challenge by the Jackson family of the 2002 will . Michael Jackson died June 25 , but the probate of his will has been slowed by a series of court squabbles between Katherine Jackson 's lawyers and the two men now in control of the estate . John Branca and John McClain , who are named as executors in the will , were appointed temporary special administrators to run the estate until the process is completed . Katherine Jackson replaced the lawyers representing her in the estate case last month with attorney Adam Streisand . Another Jackson family lawyer said the change was made because the case was about to take a "  new direction " based on "  new evidence " uncovered by the family . Attorney Londell McMillan pointed to questions about the authenticity of the signature on Michael Jackson 's will . Tuesday 's estate hearing will be Streisand 's first appearance in the case . A trial has been tentatively set for December to decide any challenge of the will , although Streisand said last month he expected it to be set for early next year . The A&E network announced Friday that "  The Jacksons : A Family Dynasty " television series will launch with two hours of programming on Sunday night , December 13 . Four of Michael Jackson 's brothers -- all except Randy Jackson -- are involved in the show "  as they prepare for a Jackson Five reunion , while also coming to terms with Michael 's tragic loss , " the network said . An A&E programming executive said the "  deeply intimate portrait will provide viewers with a raw and honest look inside a musical dynasty . "	Joe Jackson , who was left out of will , wants judge to give him allowance Michael 's mother , Katherine , Michael 's children get bulk of the estate Michael Jackson had publicly criticized his father 's parenting skills
CNN  -- The remains of a Massachusetts airman missing in action from World War II have been identified and will be returned to his family for burial , the Department of Defense said Wednesday . Army Air Forces 2nd Lt. Martin P. Murray , 21 , of Lowell , Massachusetts , took off on October 27 , 1943 , from an airfield near Port Moresby , New Guinea , with 11 other crew members aboard a B-24D Liberator . At the time , plans were being formulated to mount an attack on the Japanese fortification at Rabaul in Papua New Guinea 's New Britain Province , the Defense Department 's POW/Missing Personnel Office said in a statement . The crew was assigned to conduct reconnaissance on nearby shipping lanes in the Bismarck Sea . During the mission , however , the crew was told to land at a friendly air strip nearby due to poor weather , officials said . "  The last radio transmission from the crew did not indicate their location . Multiple search missions in the following weeks did not locate the aircraft . " After World War II , the Army Graves Registration Service searched for missing airmen , including Murray , in the area , but concluded in June 1949 all of them were unrecoverable , the department said . In August 2003 , a team from the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command received information on a crash site from a citizen in Papua New Guinea while investigating another case , according to the statement . The citizen gave the team an identification card from one of the crew members and said there were possible human remains at the site . Other teams attempted to visit the site twice in 2004 , but were unable to because of poor weather and hazardous conditions at the helicopter landing site , authorities said . "  Another team was able to successfully excavate the site from January to March 2007 where they found several identification tags from the B-24D crew as well as human remains . " Scientists from the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command and the Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory used forensic identification tools , circumstantial evidence , dental comparisons and mitochondrial DNA to identify Murray 's remains , the statement said . Murray 's remains will be buried Saturday in Marshfield , Massachusetts , the Defense Department said . At the end of World War II , the U.S. government was unable to recover and identify 79,000 Americans , the statement said . Now , that number has decreased to 74,000 .	Army Air Forces 2nd Lt. Martin P. Murray will be buried Saturday The remains were found at a crash site in Papua New Guinea
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- Officials working to free 33 trapped miners in northern Chile denied Thursday they are under political orders to rescue the men ahead of President Sebastian Pinera 's planned mid-month trip to Europe . "  No decision about any part of the rescue operation has been linked to any political decision . The miners ' health and technical decisions come first , " Interior Minister official Cristian Barra said in a news conference at the San Jose gold and copper mine . "  The president 's agenda is not connected to the timeline for rescue . There are no guarantees this will be before October 17 , " he added . Pinera said earlier this week he believed the 33 miners would be rescued before October 15 . He is due to depart on a government visit to Europe on October 17 , government officials said . In his last visit to the mine on September 19 , Pinera pledged to return the day the miners were extracted and personally hug each one . Mines Minister Laurence Golborne said over the weekend that his best estimate was that the miners would be extracted in the second half of October . Political opponents and even some relatives of the trapped miners have speculated in recent weeks that Pinera was trying to score political points from the miners ' rescue . National opinion polls show his popularity has risen thanks to his handling of the accident . Prior to the disaster his administration had been under political fire for the slow pace of government reconstruction after the February earthquake and tsunami along Chile 's south and central coast , and for his handling of a hunger strike by members of the Mapuche indigenous group of southern Chile , who are fighting for independence . Against the backdrop of political questioning , technical problems plagued the drilling effort at the San Jose mine . The Strata 950 drill , dubbed Plan A , had reached 587 meters by 8 a.m. Tuesday . The men are nearly 700 meters  2,300 feet  underground , but could be rescued from different levels . Andre Sougarret , mines manager for state-run copper company Codelco and on-site rescue coordinator , said that operation was stopped Tuesday while the drill head was changed . It was not expected to resume until late Wednesday . It is currently making its first pass down with a 12.5-inch diameter hole to the roof of the 50-square-meter  500-square-foot  refuge at Level 100  100 meters above sea level  . It would have to make a second pass to widen that shaft to 28 inches . The Schramm T-130 drill , so-called Plan B , was at 466 meters as of 8 a.m. Tuesday and is aiming for the roof of the mine workshop on Level 135  135 meters above sea level  . It had completed just two meters in the previous 24 hours . Sougarret said the drill hammer had been swapped out but hit fresh problems after running into rock that was tougher than expected . He said the drill diameter would be reduced from 28 inches to 26 inches until the hammer had cleared the hard rock but added that the slightly smaller diameter would not cause problems for the rescue . The Rig 421 oil drill , so-called Plan C , is currently at 265 meters and en route to the roof of the tunnel at Level 150  150 meters above sea level  . It is currently drilling a 17.5-inch diameter hole -- smaller than the 28 inches required to rescue the miners -- in an effort to realign after veering off course over the weekend . Mine engineer Renee Aguilar , another of the rescue coordinators , said the first 10 members of a 16-strong extraction team arrived at the San Jose mine Tuesday . The group consisted of Codelco rescue experts . Two other rescue experts from the northern Atacama region , along with three Navy and one police paramedic , were due to arrive at the mine later Tuesday . Once the rescue shaft has been completed and the extraction begins , four members of the 16-person team will be chosen to descend into the mine to carry out final medical checks on the 33 miners . They will then enclose the miners , one-by-one , in a 21.5-inch diameter rescue cage that has been dubbed the "  Phoenix capsule . " Rescuers on the surface will winch them up . Jean Romagnoli , sports medic and personal trainer working to get the miners in shape for their rescue , said the Phoenix capsule would be hoisted to the surface at a speed of about 60 kilometers per hour and would exert about 2 Gs of pressure on the miners . He said small bio-metric monitors , mounted on chest belts , had been sent down to the miners to help keep track of their physical condition . He said the miners are working out for at least one hour a day to ensure they keep their weight down and can fit into the rescue capsule . The U.S.-made monitors , known as Zephyr BioHarnesses , will record the miners ' vital signs , pulse , heart rhythm and breathing . Romagnoli said similar monitors were used to check on the physical training of Chile 's Davis Cup tennis stars .	Interior minister says the operation is not "  linked to any political decision " President Pinera said this week he believed the rescue would be before October 15 He is scheduled to travel to Europe on October 17
CNN  -- Three young women are dead and two are in serious condition after being crushed by a crowd at a Halloween party in Madrid early Thursday , police said . The women were among thousands of attendees at "  Thriller Music Park , " an event at Madrid Arena that featured electronic music artists and a costume contest . There was a stampede in an arena hallway that connected the main dance floor to another area , police said . The five women , between 18 and 25 years old , were the only ones hurt in the incident , an ambulance spokesman said . Four of the women , including the three who died , are Spanish . The nationality of the other injured woman is unknown . Police are investigating whether someone set off fireworks in the hallway , the spokesman said . Thousands of partygoers were unaware of the stampede until after police arrived and began moving people out slowly . American electronic musician Steve Aoki was headlining the party . Aoki released a statement Thursday saying he was "  devastated " by the deaths and injuries . "  The safety of my fans has always been my top priority and had I known that there was any distress putting people in jeopardy within the venue I would have ended my show immediately , " Aoki said in the statement , adding that he was canceling a subsequent show in Bilbao , Spain , "  out of respect for those who lost their lives and those who are injured . "	Five women were crushed in a stampede at a Halloween party Three died , and two are in serious condition The event at Madrid Arena featured electronic music and a costume contest
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Some Israeli archaeologists are having a particularly happy Hanukkah , thanks in part to a British volunteer who took time off from her job to work on a dig . Archaeologists found a hoard of gold coins from the 7th century in Jerusalem on Sunday . The Israel Antiquities Authority reported a thrilling find Sunday -- the discovery of 264 ancient gold coins in Jerusalem National Park . The coins were minted during the early 7th century . "  This is one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever discovered in Jerusalem -- certainly the largest and most important of its period , " said Doron Ben-Ami and Yana Tchekhanovets , who are directing the excavation on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority . Researchers discovered the coins at the beginning of the eight-day Jewish holiday of Hanukkah , which started at sunset on Sunday . One of the customs of the holiday is to give "  gelt , " or coins , to children , and the archaeologists are referring to the find as "  Hanukkah money . " Nadine Ross , a British archaeological volunteer , happened onto the coins during the dig just below the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem . "  To be honest , I just thought , ` Thank God I did n't throw it in the rubbish bucket , ' " said Ross , who had taken four weeks off from her engineering job in England to work at the site . "  I was just glad I sort of spotted it before I disturbed it too much . " The 1,400-year-old coins were found in the Giv ` ati car park in the City of David in the walls around Jerusalem National Park , a site that has yielded other finds , including a well-preserved gold earring with pearls and precious stones . They were in a collapsed building that dates back to the 7th century , the end of the Byzantine period . The coins bear a likeness of Heraclius , who was the Byzantine emperor from 610 to 641 . The authority said that while different coins had been minted during this emperor 's reign , the coins found at the site represent "  one well-known type . " In that style , the emperor is clad with military garb and is holding a cross in his right hand . On the other side is the sign of the cross . Authorities said the excavation of the building where the hoard was discovered is in its early stages . They are attempting to learn about the building and its owner and the circumstances of its destruction . "  Since no pottery vessel was discovered adjacent to the hoard , we can assume that it was concealed inside a hidden niche in one of the walls of the building . It seems that with its collapse , the coins piled up there among the building debris , " Ben-Ami and Tchekhanovets said . The find is a a golden moment for Ross , who said "  it is a pity that I ca n't take it home with me . But there you go . " CNN 's Shira Medding and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	NEW : Coins were found by British volunteer ; "  Pity that I ca n't take it home , " she says Researchers find ancient coins in car park in Jerusalem 's City of David Coins were minted in 7th century and depict Byzantine emperor of the era They were found in collapsed building being excavated by archaeologists
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A new North Korean propaganda video shows images of what appears to be an imagined missile attack on U.S. government buildings in Washington , including the White House and the Capitol . The roughly 4-minute video was posted Monday on the YouTube channel of the North Korean government website Uriminzokkiri . It carries a montage of clips of different weapons , including artillery guns firing and large missiles on display at military parades . Just before the three-minute mark , it cuts to footage of the White House in an electronic sight 's crosshairs , and then a simulated explosion of the Capitol 's dome . At the same time , the voice narrating the video says , "  The White House has been captured in the view of our long-range missile , and the capital of war is within the range of our atomic bomb . " Analysts say that North Korea is still years away from being able to target nuclear missiles at the United States . U.S. lawmaker questions North Korean leader 's ` stability ' But the video 's release comes amid spiking tensions between Pyongyang and Washington after the U.N. Security Council voted to impose tougher sanctions on North Korea following its latest nuclear test last month . In a slew of angry rhetoric in response to the U.N. vote , North Korea has threatened to carry out a pre-emptive nuclear attack on the United States and South Korea and said it was nullifying the armistice agreement that stopped the Korean War in 1953 . Although U.S. officials say they do n't believe North Korea is in a position to strike the United States at the moment , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel last week announced plans to deploy additional ground-based missile interceptors on the West Coast as part of efforts to enhance the nation 's ability to defend itself from attack . This is n't the first time a North Korean propaganda video has evoked the prospect of an attack on the United States . A video posted on YouTube last month , before the North carried out its most recent underground nuclear test , depicted a city resembling New York with its skyscrapers on fire . That video was subsequently removed after the video game maker Activision said those scenes had been lifted from its top-selling game "  Call of Duty . " Under threat , South Koreans mull nuclear weapons CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	NEW : The White House is "  in the view of our long-range missile , " the video says It is posted on YouTube by a North Korean government website A sequence in the video shows a simulation of the Capitol 's dome exploding It comes amid recent tensions between North Korea and the U.S.
CNN  -- Vincenzo Montella has been appointed as the new coach of Italian club AS Roma after Claudio Ranieri handed in his resignation . Roma acted quickly after the departure of Ranieri , who quit after his side were beaten 4-3 by Genoa on Sunday , having led 3-0 six minutes into the second half . Montella , 36 , scored 118 goals in 267 Serie A matches and netted 84 for Roma during a ten-year stint with the club . He joined Ranieri 's coaching staff in 2009 . "  AS Roma have , today , given first team duties to Mr Vincenzo Montella until the end of the current season , " the club said in a statement . "  We are certain he will be able to put the team 's quality together with his professionalism , dedication , enthusiasm and experience . " Ranieri offered his resignation shortly after Roma 's defeat at Genoa -- their fourth in a row . They lost at home to Ukrainian side Shahktar Donetsk in the Champions League on Wednesday and head for the second leg trailing 3-2 . After much speculation about Ranieri 's future , AFP reported that the 59-year-old had told Italian news agency Ansa : "  I 've always thought about the good of Roma and after a game such as today 's I believe it 's right to give a signal . "  After the final whistle I went into the changing rooms to thank the team and I decided to hand in my resignation , " the Italian reportedly said . The club confirmed his departure in a statement on Monday : " AS Roma announces it received yesterday evening the resignation of Mr Claudio Ranieri as coach of the first team . "  Following this move , the financial contract with Ranieri , whose deal was coming to an end on June 30 , 2011 , has ended by mutual consent . Roma wishes to thank Claudio Ranieri for the professionalism shown and the work done . " Elsewhere , Raul Tamudo 's goal was enough to help Real Sociedad past Mallorca and move them up to seventh in the Spanish Primera Liga . Tamudo struck on 55 minutes as he nodded a Daniel Estrada cross into the net . Mallorca stay 11th after their defeat . In England , West Ham powered through to the quarterfinals of the FA Cup with an emphatic 5-1 win over second division Burnley . The London club will now face Stoke in the last eight of the competition . Striker Carlton Cole scored twice while German midfielder Thomas Hitzelsperger also found the net on his debut .	Roma appoint Vincenzo Montella as their new coach to replace Claudio Ranieri Montella played for Roma for 10 years and joined the coaching staff in 2009 Real Sociedad beat Mallorca 1-0 in Spain thanks to a Raul Tamudo goal West Ham thrash Burnley 5-1 to reach the English FA Cup quarterfinals
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Uganda said that it had been warned of a "  specific threat " Thursday evening against Entebbe International Airport near the Ugandan capital , Kampala . An embassy statement , which said the warning came from Ugandan police , based on intelligence sources , said the threat involved an unknown terrorist group . "  Individuals planning travel through the airport this evening may want to review their plans in light of this information , " it said . The warning comes a day after the Obama administration said it was stepping up security for some flights headed to the United States from Europe and the Middle East , reflecting heightened concern that terrorists are developing more sophisticated bombs designed to avoid airport screening . Specific steps and airports were not disclosed . A homeland security official said the Transportation Security Administration would work with airlines and security agencies overseas and that the changes would primarily focus on airports in Europe and the Middle East . The effort does not involve changes to what travelers can take aboard flights . But passengers may see additional inspections of shoes and electronics , additional use of scanners designed to detect trace amounts of explosives , and another stage of screening at boarding gates , in some cases , the official said . The changes came about based on new intelligence on terror groups trying to build new types of improvised explosives that are harder to detect , the official told CNN . There was no specific plot . Earlier this week , CNN reported the United States was considering new airport security measures because of concerns that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was working on undetectable explosives . Tighter security ordered for some U.S.-bound flights Streets awash with troops Security was stepped up Thursday on the road to Entebbe , some 26 miles  42 kilometers  outside the capital and the country 's only international airport . Kampala Metropolitan Police spokesman Patrick Onyango said the heightened police presence , backed up by the army , was in response to the potential airport terror threat as well as security concerns around the soccer World Cup and international events taking place in Uganda . Departing travelers appeared to undergo detailed screening by anti-terrorism police and other security agents as they entered Entebbe airport ; while those arriving said the security process took longer than usual . "  It is unusual out there , " said Jonathan Kikonde , an engineer and regular traveler through Entebbe who arrived at lunchtime . "  We have been subjected to a screening of both the body and luggage . " Residents also saw a heightened military and police presence Thursday on Lake Victoria , on whose shores the airport sits . "  We have been told by police authorities that terrorists are capable of targeting them at the crowded fish landing sites and piers for ferries and boats that transport people to the islands , " said Bruhan Kyeswa , a fishmonger at Nkiwogo landing site , the nearest to Entebbe airport . In Kampala itself , the streets were awash with heavily armed troops , their presence concentrated around busy points like malls , bus stations and markets . Kampala Metropolitan Police commander Felix Kaweesi said by phone : "  We have got information from cross-border security that terrorists are already here  in Uganda  building cells . " The U.S. Embassy in Uganda reminded U.S. citizens of "  the continued threat of potential terrorist attacks in the country , " particularly in crowded public places such as hotels , restaurants , malls and transportation hubs . ` As few disruptions ' as possible Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in a statement Wednesday that he had directed the TSA to "  implement enhanced security measures in the coming days " at selected overseas airports . "  We will work to ensure these necessary steps pose as few disruptions to travelers as possible , " Johnson said . The measures do not involve U.S. domestic flights , and passengers could see changes as early as next week . The UK Department for Transport confirmed Wednesday that it is also stepping up some of its aviation security measures . It said that most passengers should not experience "  significant disruption . " Since hardening cockpit doors and taking other measures after the 9/11 al Qaeda attacks , the U.S. aviation security focus has shifted primarily from hijackings to plastic and other explosives that can be carried aboard a plane or hidden in baggage . The United States has particularly been focused on efforts by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to develop undetectable explosives since the unsuccessful attempt by the so-called underwear bomber to bring down a Delta Air Lines jet over Detroit in 2009 . Journalist Samson Ntale reported from Kampala , while CNN 's Barbara Starr reported from Washington and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Evan Perez and Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials say security is stepped up at Uganda 's Entebbe airport and on Lake Victoria The U.S. Embassy in Uganda cites warning of a specific threat against Kampala airport U.S. Homeland Security is boosting security measures at certain overseas airports The steps are related to new intelligence on terror groups and bomb making
CNN  -- In 2001 , I became the first tenured female faculty member ever in Yale 's physics department . Throughout my 30 years as a physicist , being the only woman in the room has been the norm . Women fill more than half of the jobs in the U.S. economy but constitute fewer than 12 % of working physicists and engineers . For me and for others in STEM fields  science , technology , engineering and mathematics  , the dearth of women is not news . What was big news last week was a study , from colleagues in other departments at Yale , explaining why this deficiency of women persists . Evidence shows that established scientists at top research universities -- those choosing and training the next generation of STEM experts -- unconsciously rate budding female scientists lower than men with identical credentials . They judge women less capable , less worthy of hiring and less deserving of mentoring . And they propose starting salaries that are on average 14 % higher for men than for women . Are we really ready to take a look at ` real women ' ? The new study is the first to be done on STEM faculty rather than , as is more typical , college undergraduates . Hundreds of earlier studies on undergraduates established that the name on a résumé affects our perceptions . And that women and men both act with unconscious bias to privilege those who already dominate a specific field of work , whether that means preferring a man 's résumé for a job in physics or a woman 's for a job in nursing . When I was a young scientist , the dearth of female colleagues bothered me . So did the general lack of concern this raised in the scientific community . Occasionally , a colleague might ask why there were n't more women in physics , but their favorite hypothesis did n't hold water : that family priorities are to blame , because the years raising children often coincide with the crucial years as an assistant professor right before getting tenure . But if family considerations slowed the advancement of women , why would women without children have similar career trajectories to those with children who remained full-time in the work force ? It did n't add up . I also struggled to understand why I did n't seem to belong in my field -- why I was overlooked for leadership roles , why I was underpaid , why my suggestions were ignored until a male colleague proposed the same idea and why female scientists in general garnered a disproportionately small share of honors and awards . Then I stumbled on a description about bias in Virginia Valian 's eye-opening book , "  Why So Slow ? The Advancement of Women . " It was a classic Eureka moment . My observations of the underappreciation of women in science were suddenly explained by a simple idea : that each of us , having grown up in a society where men and women are not equal and do not populate the peaks of accomplishment equally , has an unconscious expectation that men are leaders . Consider this riddle I heard as a kid : A man and his son are in a serious car accident . The man dies on the spot , and the son is rushed to the hospital . Upon entering the operating room , the surgeon says , "  I ca n't operate on this boy ; he 's my son . " I was utterly unable to figure out how the boy 's father could both be dead and about to perform surgery . Of course , the answer is that the boy 's mother was the surgeon . That possibility never crossed my young mind because , until I was in my 20s , I had never had a female doctor . So it 's not surprising that I developed an unconscious expectation that doctors would be men . Opinion : Lift up women to lift the world The social science research made all kinds of sense to me . Our experiences of life are turned into unconscious expectations that affect how we see others . When scholars reviewed a psychology research paper , for example , they scored it higher if the author 's name were male than if female . A male applicant for a job as police chief was rated higher than a woman , even though she had important qualifications for the job that he lacked . Similarly , a male applicant for a job as nursing supervisor was rated lower than the female applicant , even when he had the qualifications she lacked . These experiments , which vary only the name at the top of the résumé , are repeatable . Time after time , the results are the same . Perhaps the biggest worry is that people who swear they are objective are the most likely to make biased judgments . In several classic experiments , subjects were asked which criteria are most important for a particular job and then shown two résumés : one of the "  wrong " gender who had all those qualifications and one of the "  right " gender who lacked them . Yet the subjects rated the person with the "  right " gender higher , i.e. they ignored the criteria they had earlier said were most important . And this tendency was greatest among those claiming objectivity . Those who admitted at the outset that they were not objective were the least likely to shift criteria because of gender . It seems like people who are aware of the unconscious biases we all carry are less likely to make judgments influenced by that bias . You can even check out your own objectivity on a website : implicit.harvard.edu . It 's a sobering experience . Mine is probably typical : I so deeply wanted to be unbiased , but while taking the online tests , I felt the impact of gender and race on my reactions . Mahzarin Banaji , the Harvard professor who started the website , says she too showed signs of bias when she took her own test . If she can admit that , perhaps the rest of us can be open to the possibility . Opinion : Why do women still lag in journalism ? Objectivity is the core value in science . We are trained to be objective ; to be a good scientist is to be objective . Any suggestion that a scientist is biased can be a serious insult . But as the new study tells us , despite our best hopes , we scientists , like everyone else , expect men to be better scientists than women , and we project those expectations on the real people we encounter , not consciously and not meaning to discriminate yet evaluating women below their demonstrated potential . This means most of us ca n't be gender-blind or color-blind or unaware of difference . That 's not the goal right now . What we must do is acknowledge our inner biases and make sure we try our best to avoid them . Maybe then it will become possible for bright young women to move forward in STEM careers as easily as the men do , making discoveries , improving our lives , changing our preconceptions and reducing our unconscious biases . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	A new study shows established scientists are biased against women in science Meg Urry : Most of us have unconscious expectation that men are leaders She says we ca n't be gender-blind or color-blind , even when we think we are Urry : We must acknowledge our inner biases and try our best to avoid them
CNN  -- The United Nations ' refugee agency said Tuesday that more Africans have fled poverty and conflict on the continent during the first 10 months of this year than in all of 2007 . A woman who has been displaced by the current fighting in the Congo . The bulk of the more than 96,000 African refugees headed to Yemen and Italy , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees office . The rest sought refuge in Malta , Greece , Spain and the Canary Islands , the agency said . Last weekend , at least 60 refugees died en route to Yemen , a frequent destination for Somali and Ethiopian refugees , according to Doctors Without Borders , known by its French acronym MSF . UNHCR said most of those who died were forced overboard in deep water off Yemen 's coast by smugglers who demanded more money than the $ 100 they paid for the journey . "  Those who did not or could not pay extra were severely beaten by the smugglers , " UNHCR said in a news release Tuesday . "  Up to 40 -- mainly Ethiopians -- -LSB- were -RSB- thrown overboard despite their pleas for mercy . " Andreas Koutepas , MSF 's field coordinator in southern Yemen , said such a high number of refugee deaths in a short period of time "  is not usual at all . " "  For the whole of September until now , we 've had 27 dead and now suddenly we reach this number , " Koutepas told CNN from MSF 's base in Ahwar , Yemen . "  We are quite shocked here . " About 30,000 African refugees arrived on boats on Italy 's shores during the first 10 months of this year compared with 19,900 refugees last year , according to UNHCR . In Malta , an estimated 2,600 boat people arrived in the first nine months of this year from North Africa , compared with 1,800 last year , UNHCR said . . The agency said that from January to October this year , 509 of those attempting to make the journey to Italy and Malta died , compared with last year 's death toll of 471 . More than 38,000 people have made the perilous journey across the Gulf of Aden from Somalia to Yemen during the first 10 months of this year , a "  considerable increase from the 29,500 who made the same journey during the whole of last year , " UNHCR said Tuesday . However , the death toll on that route has remained lower so far this year : more than 600 have died or disappeared en route to Yemen compared to 1,400 killed last year . In late September , at least 52 Somalis died when the boat smuggling them across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen broke down , and they were left adrift with no food or water for 18 days , according to the U.N. . Many are fleeing the war in Somalia , but Koutepas of MSF told CNN on Monday that he has noticed a recent increase in the number of refugees from Ethiopia . "  It used to be 10 percent of total arrival , and now it 's around 50-50 , " he said . Yemen is a common destination for Somalis fleeing economic hardship and war because of its proximity . It is also an attractive location because Somalis receive automatic refugee status in the fellow Muslim country . New smuggling routes , including some based out of Djibouti -- which lies north of Somalia and is much closer to Yemen -- have also led to the increase in refugees , according to the UNHCR . But according to the Yemen Post , Yemen is just a stopping point for most of the refugees , who then travel on to the wealthier Persian Gulf states or Europe and the United States . Earlier this year , Yemen 's coast guard stepped up patrols of its coastline in an attempt to deter the smugglers . Some of the smuggling boats seized by Yemen 's coast guard are given to Somali fishermen who suffered losses in the December 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami . As part of a $ 19 million operation , UNHCR operates shelters and reception centers for the refugees in Yemen and has increased its efforts to discourage people from making the illegal crossing to Yemen . It has also sponsored training programs for coast guard personnel and other officials . MSF said the plight of the refugees has been overshadowed by the dozens of pirate attacks off Somalia 's coast that have grabbed international headlines in recent months . "  A lot of attention has been paid lately to tackling the issue of piracy in the waters off the Horn of Africa , " said MSF Yemen mission leader Francis Coteur . "  Unfortunately , little attention is paid to the drama of the refugees crossing the same waters in horrific conditions . Much more needs to be done to address this issue . "	More Africans have already fled poverty and conflict so far this year than in 2007 Bulk of the more than 96,000 African refugees headed to Yemen and Italy , U.N. says Rest sought refuge in Malta , Greece , Spain and the Canary Islands
CNN  -- If you think this is the year George Clooney will finally settle down , do n't hold your breath . In an interview airing on Friday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " he told both Morgan and his own father that his one marriage , to actress Talia Balsam that ended in 1993 , was enough . Morgan pointed out that George 's father , Nick , who appeared on the show with him , had "  one of the great marriages . " Nick Clooney has been married to his wife , Nina -- George 's mother -- for more than 50 years . Morgan asked whether , as a parent , Nick was "  yearning for the moment " his son would walk down the aisle . Nick Clooney turned to his son and said , "  I want you to think about that . I want you to think about -- we 've been married -- Nina and I 've been married 51 years . " "  I hate to blow your whole news story , " said the younger Clooney , "  but I was married , so I gave it a shot . " Clooney said the "  shot " he gave marriage ought to have "  proven how good I was at it . " Clooney also said his dad taught him that he has an inherent responsibility to share his luck and good fortune with others . Clooney said his father urged him "  to help look out for people that are less fortunate than you and to challenge people that are in power . " Clooney also said his career luck came late and pointed out that his acting successes came relatively late . "  I did eight television series before "  ER " hit and if we did n't get a Thursday night at 10 o'clock time slot , you know , I would n't have the career that I have . " When Morgan asked Clooney if he was considering following in the footsteps of other Hollywood A-listers who ventured into the political arena , the actor dashed any hopes of a President George Clooney : "  Honestly , my job is as good as they get . " "  I think that I am best suited as an advocate for issues , " said Clooney . "  And I look to people who are far smarter and far better at this than I am to lead . " His primary issue now is the situation in Sudan . Earlier this month , Clooney continued his ongoing humanitarian efforts to shed light on deadly violence in the troubled border area of Abyei . Clooney was a firsthand witness to the voting process that will most likely lead to independence for Southern Sudan . Clooney also told Morgan he contracted malaria while in Sudan , but said he 's no longer infected with the disease , and even made light of the situation , saying , "  Even with malaria , it 's just good fun . " Clooney , who has been infected with malaria twice , joked , "  I guess the mosquito in Juba looked at me and thought I was the bar . " When Morgan asked whether Clooney gets angry when people say he 's wasting his time in Sudan and that his charity work is for "  self-aggrandizing reasons , " Clooney told Morgan , "  I do n't need to be more famous . " "  I 've got all the attention I need , " Clooney continued , "  and I 'm just trying to use that attention on other people . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	George Clooney credits his dad for teaching him to be generous with his good fortune He says if not for "  ER 's " 10 p.m. time slot , "  I would n't have the career that I have " Clooney contacted malaria on a humanitarian trip to Sudan in early January Watch the full George Clooney interview on "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " 9pm ET
Dr. Karl Williams says he normally sees three or four deaths from drug overdoses in a typical week as the chief medical examiner in Pennsylvania 's Allegheny County , which includes Pittsburgh . In the past week , he saw 15 -- men and women , of various ethnicities , ranging in age from 22 to 53 . All of them appear to have been heroin users who instead received a mix of heroin and fentanyl , a powerful narcotic used to treat cancer patients ' pain , Williams told CNN . "  This is pretty clearly somebody manufacturing fentanyl and selling it as heroin , " Williams said . The deaths Williams has recorded are among nearly two dozen in western Pennsylvania linked to a heroin-fentanyl mix , state Attorney General Kathleen Kane said Monday . The "  extremely dangerous and potentially lethal " combination has killed 22 people in six counties , Kane said in a written statement . "  We are working with the Allegheny County Police Department , the Pittsburgh Police , and their counterparts in the region to get this deadly mix of heroin off the streets of Western Pennsylvania , and to arrest and prosecute anyone caught selling , distributing , and producing these drugs , " her statement said . Williams said fentanyl can be 10-100 times more potent than morphine , the base molecule in heroin , and it 's only distributed as a powder when someone is manufacturing it illegally . The drug is being distributed in bags marked "  Income Tax , " "  Bud Ice " and "  Theraflu , Williams said . "  This is not accidental . Somebody is deliberately trying to make a big batch of fentanyl , " he said . "  It is not an extraordinarily complex molecule to synthesize , and you can find instructions on the Internet . It does not take a sophisticated chemist to do this . " It 's not the first time that fentanyl has turned up on the streets of Pittsburgh . In 1988 , Williams said , 17 people died when a chemist distributed fentanyl as heroin . And in 2006 , in Philadelphia , 269 people were killed by fentanyl overdoses , the state Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs said . The agency raised new alarms about fentanyl in July , blaming it for 50 deaths in Pennsylvania by mid-2013 . Bags of heroin labeled "  Obama Care " seized	"  This is not accidental , " Pittsburgh medical examiner says Fentanyl is used to treat pain in cancer patients Mixing it with heroin is "  extremely dangerous " mix , prosecutor warns
CNN  -- Congressional auditors have uncovered widespread abuse of techniques used to restrain or discipline special-education students in U.S. schools , with some deaths linked to the practices , a top congressman says . Investigators in Utah say a teacher left Garrett Peck in an isolation cubicle for at least two and a half hours . The findings are among those expected from a Government Accountability Office report scheduled to be released Tuesday . The report documented serious problems with the way children with disabilities are being treated in public schools , including cases of children being held face-down on the ground . The GAO report was prepared for the House Education and Labor Committee , which is considering new laws governing what actions teachers can take to rein in disruptive special-needs students . "  I think what we 're going to hear from the GAO is that very often , special-need children are subjected to the policies of seclusion and policies of restraint that have turned out to be lethal in a number of circumstances , " said Rep. George Miller , D-California , the committee 's chairman . In other cases , children as young as 6 have been locked away "  for hours at a time , " Miller said . "  What the GAO is telling us is that that policy is fairly widespread , " he said . "  The state regulations about how to handle these incidents do n't exist in about half the states , and in other states you have kind of a patchwork of regulations . " The GAO , the investigative arm of Congress , found that state laws governing the treatment of the more than 6 million children classified as having "  special needs " -- conditions including autism and Down syndrome -- are patchy at best . Teachers and school staff frequently lack training in correct restraint methods , and in some cases , where improper restraints led to injuries , teachers often kept their jobs . Only five states keep track of incidents where special-needs students are separated or restrained . Parents contacted by CNN commonly said they were not told their child was being disciplined until he or she began to behave badly at home -- a sign of trouble at school . When confronted with complaints , school systems sometimes sought to minimize or deny the allegations , even after public investigations found the charges to be true . And parents told CNN that when they got into a dispute with the teacher , their child was made to suffer as retribution . Some of the most disturbing reports concerned the use of seclusion rooms . Experts have long recommended that children should only be isolated when they pose an immediate threat to themselves or others . But CNN found that isolation was often used as a punishment by teachers to compel the students to follow instructions . State investigators in Utah found a teacher left 7-year-old Garrett Peck in an isolation cubicle for at least two and a half hours after the teacher said he told her to "  shut up . " While the boy was in the cubicle , the teacher taunted him by playing his favorite video and telling him what he was missing . His parents , Joshua and Becca Peck , said the child has an attention span of about 10 minutes , and they believe that after the first few minutes , he had no idea why he was in the cubicle . "  It was so sad . We felt it was a form of torture for him but he , being autistic , he had no way to express it , " Joshua Peck said . "  He could n't tell . " And Becca Peck said her son had been left in the cubicle with nothing but a magic marker -- which he used to scrawl all over himself . When she came to school to pick him up , "  He was covered in marker -- on his eyelids , on his hair , face , clothes , arms , eyelids -- everywhere . " "  I started thinking , ` What was he thinking ? ' Was he thinking , ` Why is my mom letting this person do this to me ? Why am I here ? I trust no one now . ' " In Garrett 's case , like others cited by the GAO , the teacher remains on the job . And what frustrates experts is that efforts to force unruly children to comply do n't actually work . At one school in Pennsylvania , however , teachers appear to have better results using sharply different methods . The Centennial School at Lehigh University serves severely emotionally disturbed children that have been passed from school to school , and even from juvenile justice centers . When school director Michael George came to Centennial in 1999 , the school had documented more than 1,000 cases of restraint and seclusion that year . After the school revamped its approach , no such incidents were reported . When they get to Centennial , students can be violent and aggressive . But instead of trying to force a change in behavior , the school teaches the children new skills to get what they need . Children who might be violent because they are desperate to escape an uncomfortable task or environment learn to communicate their discomfort in nonviolent ways . Children who need to move frequently -- a common trait with conditions such as autism -- are permitted to do so , then re-directed to the task at hand . Staff are forbidden from saying anything negative about the children , parents or other teachers , even among themselves . And when a child acts violently , the staff is trained to step aside , rather than immediately attempt a potentially dangerous restraint . On a recent visit to the school , all students appeared to be calm and receptive to teachers . The school 's philosophy can be summed up in a question George likes to ask teachers interviewing for jobs there : Which teacher you remember most from your own childhood ? "  No one ever mentions the person who yelled at them , who screamed at them , who told them to write a phrase a hundred times , who slammed them into closets , who was abrupt , who made them feel stupid . No one ever mentions those people , " said George . "  Our job is to teach . Sometimes the children we are teaching here present extraordinary challenges ; it can be very , very difficult . But that 's the job we chose to do . "	GAO report uncovers abuse of techniques used to restrain or discipline children Some deaths of special-needs kids have been linked to the practices , report says Investigators : Utah boy with autism left in cubicle for at least two and a half hours Only five states keep track of incidents ; many states have no regulations
CNN  -- A Florida State University student has died while studying abroad in China , a school spokeswoman said Monday . Local law enforcement authorities are investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of William Cullen Klein , said Jeanette DeDiemar , the Tallahassee school 's director of university communications . Neither DeDiemar or the Tallahassee-based university itself offered any details regarding Klein 's death . At the time , he was with 36 other students in Tianjin , a large city about 140 kilometers  85 miles  southeast of Beijing , as part of the university 's international studies program -- an interdepartmental endeavor through which students can earn bachelor 's or master 's degrees in international affairs , Asian studies or Russian and East European studies . According to DeDiemar , the group left for China on May 5 and were scheduled to return on June 17 . Klein was majoring in Chinese language and culture , as well as Spanish , the Florida State spokeswoman said . On his Facebook page , in which his name is written in English as well as Chinese , Klein said that he knew 28 languages and dialects -- from Haitian Creole to Egyptian Arabic to Mandarin Chinese . His Facebook timeline notes some considerable travel in the past two years , including to Ireland , Spain and Morocco . DeDiemar said that Klein is from Melbourne Beach , Florida , on the state 's Atlantic coast , and his Facebook page notes he is a graduate of Melbourne High School .	William Cullen Klein was with 36 other Florida State students in China He died while on the study trip , a school spokeswoman says Local law enforcement are investigating the cause of his death , she adds
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Rawalpindi 's police chief stopped doctors at the hospital where Benazir Bhutto died from conducting an autopsy , according to a lawyer on the hospital 's board . In a video released Sunday , Benazir Bhutto , far right , appears through the sunroof before shots ring out . It was a violation of Pakistani criminal law and prevented a medical conclusion about what killed the former prime minister , said Athar Minallah , who serves on the board that manages Rawalpindi General Hospital . However , the police chief involved , Aziz Saud , told CNN that he suggested an autopsy be done , but that Bhutto 's husband objected . The revelation came on Monday after new videotape of Bhutto 's assassination emerged , showing her slumping just after gunshots rang out . The tape provided the clearest view yet of the attack and appeared to show that Bhutto was shot . That would contradict the Pakistan government 's account . Read Bhutto 's full medical report A previously released videotape showed a man at the right of her vehicle raising a gun , pointing it toward Bhutto , who was standing in her car with her upper body through the sunroof . He fired three shots , then there was an explosion . In the video that emerged on Sunday , Bhutto was standing , and her hair and scarf appeared to move , perhaps from the bullet . Bhutto fell into the car , then came the blast . Watch new tape showing apparent gunman " These images seem to support the theory that Bhutto died at the hands of a shooter before a bomb was detonated , killing another 23 people . Doctors at Rawalpindi General Hospital declared the 54-year-old dead hours after Thursday 's attack , but the cause of her death has been widely debated . Pakistan 's Interior Ministry announced on Friday that Bhutto died from a skull fracture suffered when she fell or ducked into the car as a result of the shots or the explosion and crashed her head onto a sunroof latch . See the likely sequence of events " Bhutto 's family and political party maintain that the government is lying , and insist she died from gunshot wounds . Bhutto 's husband , in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Monday , called for an international investigation into his wife 's death , saying the new video proves the Pakistani government "  has been trying to muddy the water from the first day . " "  Everything is now very clear that she was shot , " Asif Ali Zardari said . Zardari also called on the U.S. government to push for an international probe . "  I want them to help me find out who killed my wife , the mother of my children , " he said of the Bush administration . Javed Iqbal Cheema , spokesman for Pakistan 's Interior Ministry , said the government 's conclusion on Bhutto 's death was based on "  absolute facts , nothing but the facts " and "  it was corroborated by the doctor 's report . " But Minallah issued an open letter on Monday and released the doctors ' clinical notes to distance them from the government statement , and he also talked to CNN . In the letter , Minallah said the doctors "  suggested to the officials to perform an autopsy , " but that Saud "  did not agree . " He noted that under the law , police investigators have "  exclusive responsibility " in deciding to have an autopsy . Minallah told CNN that he was speaking out because the doctors at the hospital were "  threatened . " "  They are government servants who can not speak ; I am not , " he said . He did not elaborate on the threats against the doctors . He said the lack of an autopsy has created "  a perception that there is some kind of cover-up , though I might not believe in that theory . " "  There is a state within the state , and that state within the state does not want itself to be held accountable , " Minallah said . Cheema said the government had no objection to Bhutto 's body being exhumed for an autopsy if the family requested it . Her widower has said the family was against exhumation because it did not trust the government . Minallah said the family could not have prevented an autopsy at the hospital without getting an order from a judge . The three-page medical report , which was signed by seven doctors , described Bhutto 's head wound , but it did not conclude what caused it . It noted that X-ray images were made after she was declared dead . The wound was described as an irregular oval of about 5 centimeters by 3 centimeters above her right ear . "  Sharp bones edges were felt in the wound , " it read . "  No foreign body was felt in the wound . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	NEW : New video proves Bhutto shot , widower says Doctors claim Pakistani police prevented an autopsy on Benazir Bhutto Lawyer Athar Minallah said the move violated Pakistani criminal law Police chief Aziz Saud said he suggested autopsy but Bhutto 's widower objected
Mass shootings have been occurring more frequently in recent years , an FBI study shows , with nearly one incident a month from 2000 to 2013 . The study , which was released Wednesday , reported 160 incidents during that time , with 486 people killed and 557 wounded . Those figures do n't include the deaths or injuries of the shooters . The bureau called such shootings "  active shooter incidents " -- which the report described as "  individuals actively engaged in killing or attempting to kill people in populated areas  excluding shootings related to gang or drug violence  . " Underscoring the difficulty authorities have to prevent such incidents or reduce their lethality , the study found that 60 % of the shootings ended before law enforcement officials arrived . In cases where investigators could determine the length of time of the incident , most of the shootings lasted under five minutes and many under two minutes . In 40 % of the cases studied , the shooters killed themselves . Most of the shootings were carried out by males . Only six of the "  active shooters " in incidents during that time period were female . Seventy percent of the incidents "  occurred in either a commerce/business or educational environment , " the FBI said . James Yacone , the FBI 's assistant director overseeing the Critical Incident Response Group , said at a briefing that the study is part of a White House-directed response to some of the recent mass shooting incidents and the need to understand what 's behind them and how to prevent them . Because police and other first-responders often also are shot or wounded , the FBI hopes to implement better practices for local agencies usually first on the scene . "  In essence , we 're trying to improve our readiness , " Yacone said . Frequency increasing And if you think such shootings seem to be happening more frequently in the past few years , you 're right . "  In the first half of the years studied , the average annual number of incidents was 6.4 , but that average rose in the second half of the study to 16.4 , an average of more than one incident per month , " the study said . "  Recognizing the increased active shooter threat and the swiftness with which active shooter incidents unfold , these study results support the importance of training and exercises -- not only for law enforcement but also for citizens . " The FBI said the goal of the study is to "  provide federal , state , and local law enforcement with accurate data so they can better understand how to prevent , prepare for , respond to , and recover from these incidents . " Active shooter incidents differ from "  a defined crime , such as a murder or mass killing , " the study says , because "  the active aspect inherently implies that both law enforcement personnel and citizens have the potential to affect the outcome of the event based upon their responses . " 25 deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history Andre Simons leads the FBI 's Behavioral Analysis Unit 2 in Quantico , Virginia , which is helping to study the motives for shootings and assists local police in detecting early signs that may indicate a suspect is planning one . Simons said at Wednesday 's briefing that while the motives vary widely , more shooters appear to be inspired by past mass shootings . "  The copycat phenomenon is real , " Simons said . Anecdotal evidence shows that "  many active shooters have a real or perceived deeply held personal grievance and the only remedy that they can perceive for that grievance is an act of catastrophic violence against a person or an institution , " Simons said . Many shooters research major shooting events and find inspiration from the notoriety that killers receive . "  As more and more notable and tragic events occur , we think we 're seeing more compromised and marginal individuals who are seeking inspiration from these past attacks , " Simons said . Case studies Among the incidents studied by the FBI for the report was the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , on December 14 , 2012 . Gunman Adam Lanza , 20 , killed 20 children , ages 6 and 7 , and six adults at the school before killing himself . Police later found the body of Lanza 's mother at her home . "  In at least nine incidents , the shooter first shot and killed a family member  s  in a residence before moving to a more public location to continue shooting , " the FBI report said . Another case studied for the report was the mass shooting at an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater in 2012 . Twelve people were killed and 58 wounded . Accused gunman James Holmes pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to the killings ; his trial begins next month . In 2007 , Virginia Tech student Seung-Hui Cho shot and killed 32 people and wounded dozens more in a classroom building and a dorm on campus before killing himself . Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan killed 13 people and wounded 32 at Fort Hood , Texas , during a shooting rampage November 5 , 2009 . He was convicted and sentenced to death .	Between 2000-2013 , there were 160 "  active shooter " incidents , FBI study shows Most shootings were carried out by males -- only six were female 70 % of the incidents took place at schools or businesses , report says
CNN  -- Thousands remained without power Saturday in the metro Detroit area after powerful thunderstorms the previous night that left one man dead and frightened others in its path . The man was killed in the Detroit suburb of Warren after being electrocuted by a fallen power line in his backyard , according to CNN affiliate WDIV-TV . The victim did not realize the wire was down , the TV station said . DTE Energy reported 230,000 customers without electricity as of 9 p.m. Saturday , down from 385,000 at the height of the outage . Others attending church festivals around the region got a scare when high winds caused tents to collapse , WDIV reported . Larry Tomenello recalled people yelling as strong winds literally picked up a massive tent over the St. Hubert 's Parish Festival in Harrison Township , prompting a frenetic push to get everyone out before 100-pound beams came crashing down . The Rev. Paul Ballien described a similar situation at his church in Dearborn Heights . "  The tent ... just collapsed over on one side , " Ballien told WDIV . "  And I know there were people under there , and I just could n't do anything about it . " DTE Energy said wind gusts as high as 75 mph downed more than 2,000 power lines across southeastern Michigan . More than 600 personnel from as far away as Tennessee , Wisconsin and New York worked 16-hour shifts alongside tree-trimming crews to bring back service , according to the utility . "  The vast majority of customers will have their power restored by late Monday night , but ... some small clusters of customers ... . probably will not be restored until Tuesday or Wednesday , " DTE Energy said . At least the weather cooperated in one respect Saturday in Michigan : Conditions were comfortable , with temperatures peaking in the mid-70s and relatively light winds . The same storm system that caused the extensive power outages in Michigan moved through the Northeast on Saturday . Areas from eastern Pennsylvania all the way north to Maine could see powerful winds and large hail , said CNN meteorologist Todd Borek . The National Weather Service issued severe thunderstorm watches and warnings from northern Virginia up the East Coast , including Philadelphia , New York and Boston . There 's also a small chance for an isolated tornado , Borek said , but hail and damaging winds are the main threat . Hundreds dead in flooding across Asia CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Tents collapse during church festivals in Michigan More than 600 workers from several states try to restore power , utility says Man in Detroit suburb electrocuted in backyard by downed power line DTE Energy said 75-mph winds knocked downed 2,000 power lines in southeastern Michigan
CNN  -- When temperatures start to dip to uncomfortable lows at night , there are always calls from charities to donate blankets and warm clothes for homeless people . Some iReporters came up with less predictable ways to help their fellow humans and make a creative impact in the lives of those less fortunate . Tina Hovsepian , for example , wondered if she could help the homeless with origami . She was exploring the principles of this ancient paper-folding art at the University of Southern California School of Architecture when she envisioned a way to provide a portable shelter for the people she saw at night sleeping out on the pavement . After working through many iterations of the design , Hovsepian developed an accordion-like shelter she calls "  Cardborigami . " Because of the origami design , the folding mechanism increases the sturdiness and structural integrity of the cardboard . This also allows it to be folded flat and easily carried by one person . Watch Tina unfold her "  Cardborigami , " on CNN iReport Hovsepian knows "  Cardborigami " is not a permanent solution , but she hopes it can be a transition to something better . "  Sometimes people just need a moment out of the elements , a moment to rest and prepare for the next day . " "  It has been very inspiring , hearing from people around the world who are interested in my design , " says Hovsepian , who is creating a 501  c   3  nonprofit organization to help get the folded homes on the streets . For guidance and motivation , Hovsepian turned to the team at "  Everyone Deserves a Roof , " a pioneering nonprofit group that provides portable shelters for homeless people in Los Angeles , California . The group 's EDAR , a four-wheel pushcart that transforms into a shelter , offers secure storage of belongings during the day . At night , it unfolds into a one-person raised tent , providing privacy and protection from the elements . iReporter Julie Yurth Himot , EDAR program coordinator , sees an added benefit to portable shelters . She said that although 140 EDARs are in use , with another 50 being manufactured , the greatest measure of the units ' success is the fact that one has already been returned . One woman is no longer in need of the EDAR because she curbed her drug habit and moved into transitional housing . "  It was experiencing her own bed , her own place to stay , " in the EDAR , said Himot , "  that made her remember the life she could have . " See photos of the EDAR in action , on CNN iReport Spencer Aronfeld filed an iReport about helping homeless people with the law . He provides free legal services in Miami , Florida , shelters , with the organization Lawyers to the Rescue . He said there is a growing need for legal assistance with housing issues . "  There are more and more questions on foreclosures , property rights and mortgage law " said Aronfeld , who said this now accounts for up to a quarter of the legal inquiries he receives at the shelters . Aronfeld said he helps many people still living in their foreclosed home . "  They are desperate , knowing that on any day they will be kicked out . Some of these people have already lost their home and just do n't know where to go or what to do , " Aronfeld said . He said if he can help keep the roof over just one family , it will take the strain off the homeless shelters , which are already overcrowded . Spencer with his legal team at the Camillus House , on CNN iReport Neil Donovan , executive director for the National Coalition for the Homeless , is pleased to hear that individuals losing their homes are consulting lawyers . "  Many of these people were not entering into the conversations with lawyers or bankers about viable options other than foreclosure . " said Donovan , who has seen the added pressure the housing crisis has placed on the homeless population . "  This economy and the lack of employment have increased the number of homeless , and the second tier effect would be from foreclosures , which in turn is making rental property scarce . " Donovan said . He is concerned about those that find themselves without a place to stay . "  America 's homeless shelter system is called the last safety net , and this net is beginning to fray . " Have you helped make a positive change in the lives of those who need shelter ? Share your story with iReport and Impact Your World .	iReporters find personal ways to fight homelessness Building a portable shelter is how two iReporters tackled the problem One iReporter offers free legal advice to help those in foreclosure from becoming homeless
CNN  -- In an instance of truth being stranger than fiction , American author Herman Melville turned to a horrifying ordeal as inspiration for his 19th-century classic "  Moby-Dick . " In 1820 , the Nantucket , Massachusetts , whaling vessel Essex was rammed and sunk in the South Pacific by a sperm whale . George Pollard Jr. and his surviving crew , initially using three small boats that were aboard the Essex , resorted to cannibalism while they drifted in the open ocean for more than two months before being picked up by other vessels . The sea truly must have been Pollard 's mistress , for he took command of another whaler . The captain and Two Brothers were off Hawaii on February 11 , 1823 , when the ship hit a shallow reef . The terrified crew , clinging to small boats , was rescued the next day by a fellow whaler . Some 188 years later , maritime heritage archaeologists , working with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , found the Two Brothers shipwreck nearly 600 miles northwest of Honolulu , the agency said in a statement Friday . "  This rare archaeological discovery is the first discovery of a wrecked whaling ship from Nantucket , Mass. , the birthplace of America 's whaling industry , " the agency said . Whaling ships , part of America 's expansion into the Pacific Ocean , explored portions of the Indian Ocean and the polar regions . Expeditions from 2008 to 2010 yielded a large anchor of Two Brothers , cast-iron pots for melting whale blubber , bricks , whaling lances , harpoon tips , glass , ceramics and remains of the ship 's rigging , NOAA said . Research and accounts from crew members helped verify the find . The shipwreck lies off French Frigate Shoals in the blue waters of Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument in Hawaii . Melville completed "  Moby-Dick " in 1851 , drawing on an Essex crew member 's account of the remarkable event . The twice-cursed Pollard retired from whaling , became a watchman and lived to be almost 80 . Melville met him in Nantucket shortly after completing "  Moby-Dick . " Author Nathaniel Philbrick wrote about Two Brothers and the Essex in "  In the Heart of the Sea . " While the Essex story is linked to "  Moby-Dick , " Pollard must not have been the inspiration for its mercurial Captain Ahab . "  To the islanders he was a nobody , " Melville said of Pollard , according to the Nantucket Historical Association . "  To me , the most impressive man , tho ' wholly unassuming , even humble -- that I ever encountered . "	Archaeologists find remains of whaling ship Two Brothers Its master sailed another vessel that sank after it was hit by a large whale The crew members of the sunken Essex resorted to cannibalism Herman Melville 's "  Moby-Dick " drew on an account of the Essex
CNN  -- Greece 's economic turmoil threatens to topple the eurozone , shake the global financial markets and bring down the protagonist in the political drama : embattled Prime Minister George Papandreou . Papandreou has been at the center of the financial storm in Europe , with his political future on the line after a turbulent day of political wrangling between the government and opposition . As the 59-year-old comes under fire for his call for a referendum on the latest bailout package from Europe , the world is anxiously watching . And uncertainty looms for a man surrounded by power from an early age . Born in Minnesota and educated in the United States , Sweden and several other countries , Papandreou has seen the world as a student and a diplomat . The son and grandson of former leaders , Papandreou is a product of Greece 's political establishment . His grandfather served as prime minister in the 1960s , a position assumed about two decades later by his father after he founded the Panhellenic Socialist Movement , or PASOK party . During his first run for Greece 's top job in 2004 , Papandreou did not shy away from touting his family legacy . "  I am very , very honored to have such a name , " he said at the time . "  It is a heavy responsibility , but it is the Greek people in the end who make the decision . " While his name is a political institution in the South European nation , his rise to power was hardly preordained -- considering he was born more than 5,000 miles from Athens , on June 16 , 1952 , in St. Paul , Minnesota . His father , Andreas , joined the University of Minnesota faculty five years earlier as an associate economics professor , rising later to full professor before leaving in 1955 for a post at the University of Berkeley in California . "  He was a most charismatic character : His eyes seemed to burn with zeal , " Scott Maynes said of the elder Papandreou in a University of Minnesota economics department newsletter . "  It bothered me that he seemed to see the CIA under every bed ... But what impressed me most of all about Papandreou was the strong commitment he inspired . " The prime minister 's mother , Margaret Chant , graduated with a journalism degree in 1946 , from the Twin Cities university . Six years later , the same year her son was born , she earned her master 's degree in public health . In a letter in the 1972 edition of the University of Minnesota alumni news magazine , Margaret Chant Papandreou explained how her family left the United States in 1959 and settled into "  political life " in Greece . She wrote then that she initially spoke little Greek , though her children -- young George included -- "  attended Greek schools . " Her friends , she said , tended to be educated in England or the United States . And she particularly bristled at what she deemed Greece 's "  machismo " culture , and the tendency of men in authority to demean and unfairly punish women who spoke out . "  They detested me , " Chant Papandreou recalled of those aligned against her and her husband . "  I had ` mingled too much in politics , ' they declared ... If I were n't in the fight for the liberation of Greece , I 'd surely be in the fight for the liberation of Greek women . " The Papandreou family 's lives turned upside down following a military coup in April 1967 , leading to a globe-trotting existence evident in the schools the prime minister attended including in Illinois , Stockholm and Toronto . Papandreou also attended Amherst College , a small and prestigious liberal arts institution in central Massachusetts where he roomed with Antonis Samaras , according to Amherst 's news office . Samaras would later become his primary political rival as the leader of Greece 's conservative New Democracy party . He has described the prime minister as untrustworthy and demanded he resign and call for snap elections in six weeks . After attending schools in far-flung cities , he eventually returned to Greece and immersed himself in politics . He first won election to parliament in 1981 and within a few years , he was a key figure in his father 's PASOK 's party . While still a parliamentary member , he assumed several ministerial positions where he coordinated the government 's unsuccessful bid to win the 1996 Olympic summer games . After a short stint away from top ministry positions and fresh off heading Greece 's winning 2004 Olympic bid , he emerged as a prominent international figure in the late 1990s . He became a tested diplomat on various issues , including fostering positive relations with Turkey , boosting support for the U.S.-led coalition against terrorism and serving as a key figure in helping defuse a 2002 crisis involving militants expelled from the West Bank after taking refuge in Bethlehem 's Church of the Nativity . One of his biggest milestones came last month when he negotiated another round of bailout funding  and mandated austerity measures  , worth about 130 billion euros  $ 178 billion  . It remains to be seen whether that agreement will be realized , or whether Papandreou will be in power if , and when , Greece turns the financial corner . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	George Papandreou was born in Minnesota He is the son and grandson of former Greek prime ministers During his first run for top job in 2004 , he did not shy away from touting his family legacy
CNN  -- "  We face neither East nor West , we face forward . " Those words were spoken by Kwame Nkrumah , the man who led the creation of the independent nation of Ghana out of British colonization in 1957 . And over half a century later , they are still inspiring a man who is doing his best to lead a small sporting revolution in his homeland . It is no small irony that the focus of his mission so far was the Commonwealth Games -- a competition formerly known as the British Empire Games , bringing together nations and dependent territories from around the globe . And when Jedidiah Amoako-Ackah took to Glasgow 's velodrome last week , he became Ghana 's first international track cyclist . It was some achievement -- the 23-year-old had only taken up the sport the previous September , and did not know his best event until March . "  I had never competed in cycling or track in any kind of level , so it was a big ask , " he tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It was quite a steep learning curve to start with the aim of competing at the Games . "  I was very excited by it , but also , my common sense told me that , you know , you 've never done this before . All the logical things go through your head , ` What are you thinking ? You must be mad . ' "  You know all these things , but I think it 's worked out fantastic and taking that risk has proved worthwhile . " To some degree , Amoako-Ackah had the benefit of home advantage at the Commonwealth Games -- but it was a long journey . Born in the town of Asamankese , by the age of five he had moved almost 3,000 miles south to Botswana with his mother , a midwife , and father -- a pastor . "  I learned to ride a bike in Botswana , " he recalls . "  It 's just something I did recreationally and it 's the quickest way to get from A to B without paying any money , so it was a thumbs-up for me . " The family 's wanderlust meant that by 2000 they ended up in London , the former control center of Britain 's once-proud global reign , and a year later had settled north of the border in Scotland -- a country which will hold a referendum on the issue of independence from the UK on September 18 . "  I 've lived in Glasgow for nearly 14 years now , so it 's my home , " Amoako-Ackah says . "  I feel like I 've got a great connection with the Scottish people . " He had been studying sports therapy at university when a chance opportunity arrived that would reconnect him with the land of his birth . With the Commonwealth Games heading to Scotland , a fellow expatriate Ghanaian businessman had a plan -- but he needed someone to execute it . "  In Ghana , track cycling is not really a sport . We 're really big on road and time-trialing , " Amoako-Ackah says . Deep into his studies , he initially decided not to take part . But his first trip back to Ghana in 18 years changed his thinking . "  It was all new to me and I kind of fell in love with the place again and really enjoyed my seven weeks there , " he says . "  After I came back to the UK , it made so much sense to actually do something for the Ghanaians who I 've got to know and love after my holiday there . " So in September 2013 , Amoako-Ackah took a year out of university and began the process of trying to catch up with cyclists who 'd been training for more than a decade . You have to pass tests just to be allowed to ride on the steep contours of a velodrome . "  The first time I got on the track , I thought it was very , very easy , " he recalls . "  Then it got harder and harder in terms of bike handling skills and techniques on the track , and I had to repeat my accreditations I think about eight times , so it was slightly embarrassing and one of those moments where you either quit or you fully commit . " You need to know what you 're doing in track cycling -- the bikes have fixed gears and the punishment for mistakes can be painful . "  It 's not like a road bike where you just put on the brakes and you 're safe from any drama , " Amoako-Ackah says . "  I always say to my friends I 've got little pieces of me on the Glasgow velodrome ! " By the end of the year he had decided to keep pursuing his dream . "  It was kind of do it yourself , go onto the internet , watch YouTube videos , download journals and read and read and kind of consume as much as possible , " he says . "  Because of my sport background , I had an understanding of how to write training programs and through reading journals about track cycling and just asking the coaches there , I started to write programs . " By March , he realized he was not suited to endurance events , so switched to sprints . And his hopes were boosted by the support of Englishman David Daniell , who had won silver at the 2010 Commonwealth Games but was now part-time coaching after injuries restricted his riding opportunities . "  A lot of the local community were very supportive and very inspired by what I was doing , " Amoako-Ackah says . "  I find it quite funny because I never thought I 'd be one of those guys , but they 've been amazing and encouraging and a lot of local businesses in Glasgow have contributed a lot to funding and paying for the track sessions and equipment . " Ghana 's cycling federation was in no position to help financially , but supported his bid to make history in Glasgow . "  They really motivated me , gave me advice and assisted me in finally being able to be part of the Ghana Commonwealth Games team . Their support and their encouragement has been incredible . " He went into the competition not expecting great results -- and that proved to be the case . Amoako-Ackah was 26th out of 28 in the men 's sprint qualifying  12 riders went into the final  and was last in both his heats in the keirin -- watched in the latter event by his parents , two brothers and younger sister . "  It was a very good experience to get an idea of what it 's like to compete at the very top , " he says . "  These guys have been doing it for 20-plus years and you come in after 10 months in the sport to challenge them -- the audacity of it ! "  In terms of performance I did n't do as well as I could have , or I wanted to , but I think the lessons will help for Rio 2016 . I 've been encouraged by the other teams here . One of the New Zealanders came up to me at the end and gave me a jersey , shook my hand and said , ` Well done mate . ' " Next he is targeting the 2016 Olympics , both on the track and off it . Ghana had a road cycling team for the first time in Glasgow , sending five riders . "  We 're a very small nation in terms of cycling and we 're taking it one competition at a time , " Amoako-Ackah says . His long-term dream is to build a national cycling center in Ghana , and he has started down that path by setting up the Gift A Bike foundation to both help children in Ghana with transport and stimulate their interest in cycling as a sport . "  Cycling as a whole is developing rapidly on the continent of Africa , " he says , and cites the example of 2013 Tour de France champion Chris Froome , who was born to British parents in Kenya and started his racing career in South Africa . "  I think there should be an eye kept out on these countries because if you look at their development in athletics , it 's going to be similar , " Amoako-Ackah says . "  The only difference is they just need the time , the facilities and the funding to get the talent -- which is tremendous there -- to the platforms where they can compete . " And that will hopefully mean he 's not another one-man band on the track at the 2016 Olympics . "  Representing Ghana as the first track cyclist is a tremendous honor , " he says . "  It 's a privilege for me , who has only been involved in this sport for a very short time , so I hope to do them proud and progress the sport and facilitate Ghana 's long-term involvement in track cycling . "	Jedidiah Amoako-Ackah is Ghana 's first international track cyclist The 23-year-old competed at Commonwealth Games in sprint events He trained for just 10 months in his adopted home city of Glasgow Amoako-Ackah dreams of building a national cycling center in Ghana
Washington  CNN  -- Most of the provisions in a landmark food safety law which passed 16 months ago still have n't gone into effect and are stuck in a rule-making process at the White House , four months overdue . That leaves 80 % of the U.S. food supply operating largely under safety laws dating from the Great Depression , and safety advocates and the food industry alike are puzzled . "  It 's still unclear what 's holding them up , " said Chris Waldrop , who directs food policy for the Consumer Federation of America . The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act was signed by President Obama on January 4 , 2011 . It allows the Food and Drug Administration to take action to prevent outbreaks , increase the number of inspections and mandate recalls . Experts : Third-deadliest U.S. food outbreak was preventable Many of the provisions , however , have n't been implemented because the White House Office of Management and Budget has n't released the rules which the law created , which were due on January 4 , 2012 . "  We are back basically operating mostly under the law that is 70 years old because the new protections , the new safeguards in these rules have not been put in place , " said Erik Olson , director of food programs for the Pew Health Group . "  We are very worried all the effort that was put into this by all of these Democrats and Republicans and independents in Congress by the business community and the health community will really be for naught if we do n't move forward with these protections . " The FDA defended the speed of the review . "  These are four big rules that set a framework for a really important change for food safety , " said Michael Taylor , deputy commissioner for Foods at the FDA . "  Each rule is complicated in its own right ; they also have many interconnections . " The agency also points to parts of the law that have gone into effect , like the ability to hold food that may have been adulterated or mis-branded and requiring companies importing food to let the FDA know whether another country refused to allow it in . "  If you look at normal standards for how long it takes to get rules out , it has n't taken very long at all , " Taylor said . "  I 'm proud of this process and the pace of the work . " But food industry lobbyists and safety advocates contacted by CNN say it may have more to do with politics . "  I think it 's an administration criticized for being involved in the nanny state . They 're worried about that , " said one lobbyist who has been in White House meetings and spoke on the condition his name would not be used . "  I do think there is some concern . Will the Grocery Manufactures Association and others who stood with the president turn on him ? " The White House says this is about making good rules , not playing politics . "  The administration is working as expeditiously as possible to implement this legislation we fought so hard for , " said Moira Mack , OMB spokeswoman . "  When it comes to rules with this degree of importance and complexity , it is critical that we get it right . " The Centers for Disease Control and prevention estimates that one in six Americans gets sick from consuming contaminated foods or beverages . Foodborne diseases cause about 128,000 hospitalizations and 3,000 deaths each year , the CDC estimates .	The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act became law in 2011 It was to be implemented on January 4 , but OMB has n't released rules "  It 's still unclear what 's holding them up , " says one consumer advocate FDA and OMB say the pace is n't unusual given the complicated nature of the rules
Madrid  CNN  -- Spanish rail chiefs testified on safety before lawmakers Thursday , two weeks after 79 people died and scores were injured in a horrific derailment in northwestern Spain . The investigation has focused on the actions of the train 's driver , Francisco Jose Garzon , but questions have also been asked about the safety systems in place on Spain 's national railway network . Gonzalo Ferre Molto , president of state-owned rail infrastructure company Adif , and Julio Gomez-Pomar , president of state railroad company Renfe , outlined what is being done to ensure the safety of rail travelers . "  My desire is to know the whole truth and avoid the possibility of an event of this nature happening again , " said Ferre . "  This is the best service we can offer to the victims and the whole Spanish society . " Lawmakers heard that the route the train was on , from Madrid to Ferrol , includes a mix of conventional and high-speed track , with the latter allowing high-speed trains to travel at over 200 kilometers per hour  124 mph . Driver on phone when train derailed , court says Two different safety systems are used in Spain : the European Rail Traffic Management System for the high-speed track and another known as ASFA on conventional lines . The train and its engineer were switching between the two kinds of track and operating system in the course of the journey . A transition from an ERTMS-operated section to the other system happened about four miles before the train derailed on a curve near the northwestern city of Santiago de Compostela , Ferre said . That section of track had been inspected on April 20 , he said . Speed limit on bend Court officials have said the train was traveling at 153 kph  95 mph  when it derailed , nearly twice the speed limit on the curve where the accident happened . Victims mourned at memorial mass After the accident , a temporary speed limit of 30 kph was imposed on the stretch where the accident occurred and is still in place , Ferre said . A permanent limit of 60 kph will come into force once that is lifted . "  Our safety department is developing an investigation report , " Ferre told the parliamentarians . "  Safety in the rail sector is an open subject . " Gomez-Pomar said Renfe has started to examine the safety systems in place and admitted that they can be improved . He said the driver had taken control of the train at Ourense station at 8:06 p.m. , about 35 minutes before the crash occurred . Garzon had started his working day about eight hours earlier , but his effective driving time at that point was less than three hours , he said . The driver , who has worked for Renfe since 1992 , had passed his most recent health test , Gomez-Pomar said . He had been qualified to travel the Ourense-Santiago stretch of track since February 2012 and was given permission to drive the kind of train involved in the crash last November . In total , more than 7,000 trains have passed through the stretch where the accident occurred , Gomez-Pomar said . Human error Some lawmakers from smaller parliamentary groups criticized what they said was a rush to blame the driver for the crash . "  Shifting the responsibility of a high-speed train on to the machine operator is , from our point of view , a rather excessive responsibility , " said Rosana Perez , of the Mixed Group . She suggested the number of drivers aboard a train should be increased as a safety measure to protect against human error . "  It has been said that the only cause is the human factor . If it is really so , we are lost . This argument falls by its own weight , " said Gaspar Llamazares , of the United Left group . Charges filed Investigations continue into the cause of the July 24 derailment , which shocked the nation . As of Thursday , 38 people remain in the hospital , six of them -- all adults -- in critical condition , according to local health authorities . No nationalities were given for those still hospitalized . Authorities have charged Garzon with 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness and an undetermined number of counts of causing injury by professional recklessness . He has been given conditional release but has surrendered his passport . Three witnesses were expected to give statements Thursday to a court in Galicia , in a closed-door session . They are a station manager and two neighbors who went to help the survivors immediately after the crash . Minutes before the derailment , Garzon received a call on his work phone , apparently receiving instructions on the way to Ferrol from a Renfe staff member , a court in Galicia said last month . The train was nearing the end of the six-hour trip between the capital and Ferrol at the time of the accident . Spain train crash victim : ` It felt like a roller coaster ' CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Al Goodman reported from Madrid , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	NEW : Minority party lawmakers say there 's a rush to pin blame on the train driver Rail chiefs say the train was traveling on a mix of conventional and high-speed track 38 people remain in hospital two weeks after the train derailed in northwestern Spain Investigations continue into the cause of the deadly crash near Santiago de Compostela
New York  CNN  -- Two men have been arrested in the death of a popular television and radio disc jockey who was shot to death on Staten Island early Sunday morning , according to New York City police . Corey McGriff , known to fans as DJ "  Megatron , " died of a gunshot wound to the torso near his home shortly after 2 a.m. March 27 . William Williams , 21 , and Richard Cromwell , 20 , both of Staten Island , were arrested Wednesday and charged with murder , robbery , and criminal possession of a weapon . Williams and Cromwell are expected to be arraigned Thursday according to Peter Spencer , spokesman for the Staten Island District Attorney . McGriff , 32 , was best known for his appearances on the BET 's music countdown show , "  106 & Park . " He had worked for both the show and BET.com since 2006 , according to a statement released by the network . "  The BET Networks Family is saddened by the news of the untimely loss of our friend and colleague , Corey ` Megatron ' McGriff , " the statement said . "  We extend our deepest condolence to his family . He will truly be missed . " CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Man was known for BET 's "  106 & Park " Arrests were made Wednesday in Staten Island shooting
CNN  -- There were words said between two men at a movie theater , but nothing that merited the one to fatally shoot the other , the victim 's wife said Thursday . Former Tampa police officer Curtis Reeves is in custody , accused of shooting Chad Oulson at the Wesley Chapel , Florida , movie theater on January 13 . Chad Oulson 's wife , Nicole Oulson , appeared on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " Thursday to give her recollections of that day . Oulson was wearing a cast , a result of an injury she suffered in the shooting . Widow : ` My whole world just got shattered ' "  The gunshot wound to my finger is the least of my worries right now , " Oulson told ABC . "  The real pain is in my heart and that will take a long time , if ever , to get over . " Reeves , 71 , got into an altercation with Chad Oulson because he was texting the couple 's babysitter during the previews for "  Lone Survivor , " police said . The 6-foot-1 , 270-pound Reeves , who was also with his wife for the matinee at the Grove 16 Theatre in suburban Tampa , left the auditorium , apparently to complain to management , police said . Reeves returned "  irritated , " a witness said . The argument continued and popcorn was thrown . According to the incident report , Reeves told police he was hit with an "  unknown object " in the face , and then , fearing he was being attacked , pulled a handgun from his pocket and shot Chad Oulson . In aftermath of shooting , heroes responded "  It was a couple of words . No threats . No harm . No nothing , " Nicole Oulson said on ABC . "  We 're both very respectful when the movie is on , that we put our phones away , so he took a couple of seconds just to check the phone to make sure there were no messages about our daughter . " A defense attorney , who tried and failed to get a judge to grant the Reeves bail , said that the former police officer was the victim and that Chad Oulson was the agressor . Nicole Oulson 's attorney , TJ Grimaldi , dismissed that idea . It should n't matter what Chad Oulson threw at Reeves , the attorney told CNN . "  There is absolutely no reason that this should have escalated to the level that it did , especially as quickly as it did , " the attorney told "  Good Morning America . " Couple describes encounter with Curtis Reeves	Chad Oulson 's widow , Nicole Olson , says her husband did not threaten suspect "  The gunshot wound to my finger is the least of my worries right now , " she tells ABC Suspect told police he was hit by an "  unknown object " before shooting Oulson It should n't matter what was thrown at Reeves , Nicole Oulsen 's attorney told CNN
CNN  -- Atlanta police have launched an internal investigation into filmmaker Tyler Perry 's claim he was racially profiled by two white officers who pulled his car over , the police department said . Perry , one of America 's most successful film and television producers , put a post on Facebook on Sunday describing a tense encounter with police , which he suggested "  could have turned for the worse . " "  It was so hostile , " wrote Perry , who is African-American . "  I was so confused . It was happening so fast that I could easily see how this situation could get out of hand very quickly . I did n't feel safe at all . " The Atlanta Police Department gave a statement to CNN on Wednesday confirming that two officers recently "  encountered Mr. Tyler Perry during a traffic stop . " "  Mr. Perry 's concerns , as recently expressed by him publicly , will be the basis for referral of the matter to the department 's Office of Professional Standards , " the statement said . "  OPS has opened an investigation to determine if Mr. Perry 's claims can be substantiated , and whether any departmental policies or procedures were violated during the stop . " The investigation began Tuesday , and no action has been taken against the officers involved , a police spokesman said . Perry acknowledged that he made a left turn from a right lane , which a police officer told him was illegal and the reason for stopping him . It was a practice recommended by his security team in case he was being followed , Perry said . The misunderstanding and tension described by Perry suggests that the two white officers did not recognize him as one of Atlanta 's richest and best-known citizens . It happened a few days before Perry hosted President Obama at his studio on March 17 , he said . The tension was defused after another police cruiser pulled up to the scene , Perry wrote . "  This officer was a black guy , " Perry wrote . "  He took one look at me and had that ` Oh No ' look on his face . " The black officer spoke "  in a hushed tone " to the two white officers , he said . "  After that , one of the officers stayed near his car while one came back , very apologetic , " Perry wrote . Perry did not identify the officers or specify which police department in the Atlanta metropolitan area they were from . Perry posed a question to his readers : "  Do you see how quickly this could have turned for the worse ? " Perry 's posting , which has drawn more than 101,000 "  likes " and 18,426 comments , told what happened when two white police officers stopped him even though he has directed and acted in at least 16 feature films . But his movies are most popular among African-American audiences , and Perry is often dressed in drag as his "  Madea " character . The traffic stop happened near Perry 's southwest Atlanta movie studio last month , according to the posting . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	Atlanta police confirm officers stopped Tyler Perry 's car last month Office of Professional Standards will look into whether Perry was racially profiled , police say "  It was so hostile , " Perry wrote in a Facebook posting Sunday The tension was defused when a black officer arrived and explained who Perry is , he says
CNN  -- At least 27 fishermen were missing after a Vietnam-registered vessel sank in the South China Sea , China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported on Thursday , citing maritime rescue authorities . Strong gales caused the Phu Tan to capsize and sink and the fishermen fell overboard , the report said . The accident occurred about 110 nautical miles to the west of Sanya City in the southern island province of Hainan , a South China Sea Salvage Bureau spokesman said . A rescue vessel was headed to the site of the sinking , and a towboat was ordered to assist .	The vessel was registered in Vietnam Strong gales caused the capsizing
CNN  -- A man sees a 75-year-old man stuck on railroad tracks and pulls him to safety . An off-duty emergency worker pulls a woman from a van after it crashes into an icy pond . An NBA star saves a woman from drowning . A postal worker helps a mother whose baby is unconscious . A father goes into a house engulfed in flames to save two of his children , then returns to save the family 's pet . These are examples of everyday people who , when confronted with a life-or-death situation , jumped in to do what they could -- and became rescuers and heroes . CNN.com takes a look at some of the stories of heroic acts that happened throughout the country in the past 12 months . Do you know someone who 's an everyday hero ? Tell us about them on CNN iReport NBA player saves woman from drowning Donté Greene is used to being looked up to . He is a 6-foot-11 player for the Sacramento Kings of the NBA . But on Memorial Day he became a lifesaver . Greene and some friends were on a boat in the American River near Discovery Park in Sacramento , California . Greene told CNN affiliate KCRA that he heard some yelling and then a splash . A woman had been pulling a ladder onto her boat , and she was thrown into the water when the driver pulled away . Greene saw the woman flailing in the water and dived in . "  I honestly do n't even think I was thinking -- I was just reacting , " he told KCRA . "  I was pretty confident in my swimming abilities . " Read the story at the KCRA web site Off-duty EMT makes icy pond rescue Tony Gerdom , an emergency medical worker from Iowa , was driving off-duty on December 7 when the van in front of him suddenly swerved off the icy road and fell into a pond . The cold weather had frozen the locks and windows on the van , trapping driver Kathy Van Steenvik . Gerdom took a tire iron and smashed the van 's passenger side window to free the driver . A second man , Brian Ford , held onto him with a rope while Gerdom descended into the pond . Each man shrugged off his hero label . "  I 'm just the lucky idiot that jumped in first , " Gerdom told CNN affiliate WHO in Des Moines , Iowa . "  No matter how cold the water was , it 's this overwhelming feeling that I helped save a life . It 's tremendous , " Ford said . All three were treated at a hospital for minor hypothermia . Read the story at the WHO web site Postman delivers CPR to save baby In Sacramento , California , Robert Sweeney had just about finished delivering the mail on December 11 , 2008 , when he heard a panicked mother 's cry for help . Her baby , 19-month-old Kelly Jimenez , appeared lifeless . Sweeney took the child , placed her on the grass in front of the woman 's home and performed CPR while neighbors called 911 . Sweeney revived the child before paramedics arrived , CNN affiliate KCRA reported . Sweeney told KCRA that the emotion of the moment did n't hit him until he got back in his truck to go home . That 's when he started crying . "  You do n't ever think you would be in a situation like that , " he said . Read the story at the KCRA web site Father saves children , family dog from burning home A Michigan father jumped through flames to save his two youngest sons when an electrical fire set their house ablaze December 7 . Investigators told CNN affiliate WZZM in Grand Rapids , Michigan , that sparks from an electrical outlet set a living room curtain on fire . After climbing up pitch-black stairs to rescue his 4-year-old and 2-year-old boys , Jonathan Brito went back in the house and pulled out Punchy , the family 's dog , who was unconscious . Brito performed CPR and revived the dog , Brito 's wife , Charlene Hernandez , told the station . "  He got the dog to breathe , " she said . " -LSB- Punchy -RSB- coughed up some smoke and took off running . " Brito and Hernandez 's other two children were at school when the fire started . The couple , who both work night-shift jobs , lost their clothes , furniture and some Christmas presents . "  Thank goodness everybody got out of the house safely , " Brito said . "  If I 've got to jump through fire to save my kids ' lives , that 's what I 'm going to do . " Read the story at the WZZM web site Men honored for saving driver from tanker fire Truck driver Ronald Tobias , 73 , of Syracuse , Indiana , was trapped after his propane tanker truck flipped on its side and exploded . But rather than running from the flames , two people headed toward them . Lonnie Hood , 30 , from Acton , Indiana , and Robert Skaggs , 49 , from Fortville , Indiana , each decided they had to try to help save Tobias on October 22 . Hood was working on a nearby construction job and ran over . Skaggs was in his car on Interstate 465 when he saw flames behind him , stopped , and put his car in reverse . "  I just jumped off -LSB- a second-story roof -RSB- and ran to it . I do n't know , I was kind of feeling something telling me to get over there , " Hood told CNN affiliate WRTV of Indianapolis . "  I just kicked -LSB- the window -RSB- real hard and it went right in , and I just grabbed him up , me and another guy , and pulled him up to higher ground . " Added Skaggs , "  For some reason , I just jerked the car off to the side , threw it in reverse and took off backwards toward it . " For their actions , they were awarded the Governor 's Heroism Award by Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels . Read the story at the WRTV web site Bomb suspect hailed for railroad track rescue Michael Woodson had already made news in Brevard County , Florida , as a bombing suspect when he rushed to help a man about to be run over by a train in April . Woodson , 21 , had been accused of filling a liquor bottle with black powder and setting it off at Brevard Community College to get out of class . But in April he saved Michael Chergosky , 75 , who was trying to cross railroad tracks in a motorized scooter . Chergosky 's scooter had become stuck in gravel , and Woodson ran over to pull the man to safety as a train approached , reported CNN affiliate WFTV in Orlando , Florida . "  As soon as I got to him I grabbed him out by the back of his collar , pulled him out of his wheelchair . -LSB- The train -RSB- missed him by four or five inches , " Woodson told the station . Several witnesses saw the rescue , and police said there 's no doubt Woodson saved Chergosky , the station reported . Read more about the rescue at the WFTV web site The station reported later that Woodson was sentenced to probation , 15 weekends of work at a sheriff 's work farm and banned from the school in a plea deal . The heroic deed was not mentioned in court , the station said . Woodson said he never intended for the device to blow up , that it was just supposed to let off some smoke . The judge , who could have sentenced him to 15 years in prison , told Woodson he was lucky no one was injured . "  I hope that each and every day when you are standing out there in the sun you contemplate where your life could have gone if something else had happened , " the judge said . Read more about the case at the WFTV web site	Heroic acts occurred across the country as reported by CNN 's affiliates Among them : A postal worker helps a mother whose baby is unconscious Off-duty emergency worker pulls a woman from a van after it crashes into an icy pond Man sees 75-year-old stuck on train tracks and pulls him to safety
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- Bollywood 's recent financial growth has been as dizzying as the swirling dancers , colorful costumes and pulsating music that typify the industry 's films . Mumbai 's once booming flamboyant Hindi-language film industry is hit hard , as overseas investment dries up . Foreign money has poured into Mumbai 's flamboyant Hindi-language film industry , which churns out more than 1,000 films each year . Twice as many films as Hollywood -- and for a fraction of the cost . But a financial drama has arrived on the movie sets and production suites of India 's largest city courtesy of the world economic downturn and a producer 's strike -- fewer films are being made ; less tickets are being sold and money is suddenly tight . "  It 's become more difficult now to green light films ; to be able to think of developing films , " Nikhil Advani of People Tree Films who works as both a producer and a director told CNN . "  Today you think twice how you 're going to be able to put that thing together before you commit any money to it . " It 's the new reality : Money that was gushing into the market from abroad to finance films a year and a half ago is now just trickling in . Production of Bollywood movies has only just resumed , having ground to a halt for seven weeks due to a producer 's strike . The strike is finally over , but money is still tight and this is affecting the number of films going into production . "  The number of movie projects has come down by almost 30 percent , " Farokh Balsara , a partner at business consultants Ernst & Young told CNN . Balsara heads Ernst & Young 's media and entertainment division in Mumbai and looks at trends in the market . What 's more , after several years of fast-rising film revenues due to India 's exploding middle classes who were willing to spend , Bollywood finds itself back on a budget . If you do n't have a solid financial plan these days , getting funding for a film is nearly impossible . Throwing around a known filmmaking family name and getting a star signed up wo n't cut it anymore . "  The easy finance is a thing of the past , " Balsara told CNN . Some producers are asking big name talent to take a cut in their pay or at least get paid on the "  backend . " In other words , waiting until the movie releases -- if it does well you get a piece of the pie ; if not , you eat it . In some cases , accountants are actually on movie sets crunching numbers daily to make sure the budget is on target . "  They are getting into daily audits , " Balsara said . The thought of an accountant on set might make some producers shudder , but many believe the slowdown has done Bollywood a favor . "  Is that a good thing or a bad thing ? " says Advani of the changes the slowdown has forced on the way he produces upcoming films . "  I think it 's a very good -LSB- thing -RSB- . " He currently has several in the works : an animated film in post-production called "  Ab Dilli Door Nahin " and a gritty action-packed thriller "  Basra , " named after the Mumbai street term for heroin . The slowdown has made Bollywood focus on making better , not more movies , according to Advani : "  I do n't call it a credit crunch , I call it a credit correction . "  I think what has happened is it 's corrected itself , because I think Bollywood or the Indian film industry was going absolutely crazy last year . " Mairi Mackay contributed to this story .	The economic downturn and a producer 's strike have hit Bollywood financially Foreign money pouring into Mumbai 's film industry a year ago is now trickling in It 's harder to get funding for films , and accountants are on set auditing daily Some producers are positive , saying Bollywood needs to make fewer , better films
CNN  -- Argentina star Lionel Messi scored twice as Barcelona thrashed Atletico Madrid 5-2 in the Camp Nou to maintain their perfect start to the Spanish league season . Messi put Atletico to the sword with two goals in the Camp Nou . Messi celebrated his lucrative contract extension at Barca , sealed on Friday , with a superb display against a flagging Atletico who have made a poor start to the season . New signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic put Barcelona ahead in the second minute , just after Thierry Henry had hit the post in a frenetic opening . Messi then got in the scoring act , rounding goalkeeper Roberto Jiminez after being played through by midfielder Xavi . Daniel Alves scored the third for the reigning European and Spanish champions with a powerful free kick on the half hour mark . Ibrahimovic , who is finding his feet after a slow pre-season campaign , then found Messi who charged past a static Atletico defense before finding Seydou Keita for a tap-in on 41 minutes . To complete an exciting first half , Sergio Aguero pulled one back for the visitors after a mistake by Sergio Busquets . Atletico gained respectability after half-time as Diego Forlan scored six minutes from time , but Messi rubbed it in with the fifth during injury time . In other action on Saturday , Real Mallorca briefly went top before Barcelona won the late kick off , beating promoted Tenerife 4-0 . Mario Saurez , Artiz Aduriz , Julio Alvarez and a late Pierre Webo penalty gave Mallorca three points as they matched their best ever start to a Primera Liga season with two wins and a draw . Espanyol moved off the bottom with their first victory of the season with a 3-2 away win at Deportivo la Coruna , while Alvaro Negredo scored his first goal for Sevilla who beat Osasuna 2-0 . In Sunday 's action , big-spending Real Madrid will bid to equal Barcelona 's three wins form three games when they tackle lowly Xerez .	Lionel Messi scores twice as Barcelona beat Atletico Madrid 5-2 Barca have opened Spanish Primera Liga season with three straight wins Real Mallorca maintain fine start with 4-0 thrashing of promoted Tenerife
Venezuelans have taken to the streets in recent days , leading to gruesome clashes between protesters and police . Their demands are varied , from economic to social . Here 's a Q and A to bring you up to speed with what 's going on . When did the protests in Venezuela begin ? Nationwide student protests started this month . On February 12 , the demonstrations attracted global attention when three people were killed . Demonstrators are demanding better security , an end to goods shortages and protected freedom of speech . Major social and economic problems have fueled the protests . But as the demonstrations gained steam , officials have pointed fingers at other factors and accused the United States of plotting to destabilize the government . Some blame Venezuela 's government , led by President Nicolas Maduro , for those problems . Maduro and other officials blame the opposition for the security and economic problems . The protests are the largest Maduro has faced in his 11 months in power . He has called opposition members fascists and compared them to an infection that needs to be cured . Who 's protesting ? Many demonstrators across the country are students , but prominent opposition politicians have also joined marches . Since February 13 , more than 2,000 stories from Venezuela have been uploaded to iReport , CNN 's user-generated platform . Many of the videos and photos are gruesome , and depict violent scenes between demonstrators and police . Who are some of the opposition figures involved ? You 'll be hearing a lot about opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez in the coming days . He 's become the opposition 's face of demonstrations against the government . Lopez was detained this week on terrorism and murder charges , but prosecutors dropped those charges , replacing them with arson and conspiracy counts , his lawyer said Thursday . What did Lopez do ? Lopez was arrested in connection with the deaths of four anti-government protesters and a government supporter in clashes nationwide . He was targeted because he organized protests . He has denied the charges , which the human rights group Amnesty International said "  smack of a politically motivated attempt to silence dissent in the country . " Human Rights Watch weighed in , too , warning that Venezuela must avoid "  scapegoating " political opponents . You mentioned something about a U.S. plot to destabilize Venezuela ... Yes . Top Venezuelan officials have accused the United States of trying to destabilize the government . This week , Venezuela gave three U.S. diplomats 48 hours to leave the country , accusing them of conspiring to bring down the government . At a rally Tuesday , Maduro shouted , "  Yankee , go home " from the stage , drawing cheers from the crowd . U.S. President Barack Obama was not amused . "  Venezuela , rather than trying to distract from its own failings by making up false accusations against diplomats from the United States , the government ought to focus on addressing the legitimate grievances of the Venezuelan people , " Obama said . Is this the first time Venezuela has had protests ? No . Bitter protests and counterprotests by supporters and opponents of the government have threatened political stability in Venezuela over the past decade . Many of Maduro 's claims -- of U.S. intervention , of assassination plots -- were also lobbed by the late President Hugo Chavez . Chavez was briefly ousted in a coup in 2002 , but otherwise outlasted the protests and repeatedly won re-election . What happened to Hugo Chavez ? He ruled for 14 years until his death last year after a long battle with cancer . Maduro , who was then his vice president , won the presidential election and is now running the country . What 's the latest ? Lopez remained in a military prison Thursday . His wife , Lilian Tintori de Lopez , called on supporters to keep the pressure on the government . "  Do n't give up , " she said . "  I wo n't . " Tell me more about Venezuela Venezuela is on the northern coast of South America and shares a border with Colombia , Brazil and Guyana . Its formal name is the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela . The oil-rich nation -- one of the world 's top 10 oil exporting countries worldwide -- has a population of about 30 million .	Murder , terror charges against opposition leader Lopez dropped ; new charges brought Nationwide student protests started this month They attracted global attention when three people were killed Protesters want better security , an end to goods shortages , protected freedom of speech
CNN  -- North Korea turned up the temperature yet another degree on its neighbors Monday , warning that it would not give any advance notice before attacking South Korea . "  Our retaliatory action will start without any notice from now , " the North said in a statement carried by its official news agency , KCNA . North Korea said it was responding to insults from the "  puppet authorities " in the South , claiming that there had been a rally against North Korea in Seoul , the South Korean capital . It called the rally a "  monstrous criminal act . " North Korea said last month it was withdrawing from the armistice that put the Korean War on hold in 1953 . 5 things we still do n't know about North Korea 's nukes Timeline : War of words escalates CNN 's Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korea says it will strike "  without any notice " Tensions have been increasing steadily on the divided peninsula
CNN  -- All four of the children wounded in a mass shooting in east Texas have died , police confirmed Thursday . Lt. Andrew Lewis , a Bay City Police spokesman , said the deceased children were 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 years old . He did not identify them . The 2-year-old was a girl and the 4-year-old a boy , he said . The children 's mother was wounded in the shooting Wednesday afternoon and airlifted to a hospital in Houston , according to police . Her condition was not available Thursday evening . The apparent gunman , who killed himself at the scene , was identified Thursday as Jose Avila , 24 , the mother 's husband . His relationship to the children , if any , was not disclosed . The shooting occurred at a mobile home in Bay City , about 65 miles southwest of downtown Houston . Police responded at 3:18 p.m.  4:18 p.m. ET  Wednesday to a call that a woman had been shot . When they arrived , they also discovered the four children and the apparent shooter , who died at the scene from a single gunshot to the head , Lewis said .	The children and their mother were shot Wednesday in Bay City , Texas The suspect , the woman 's husband , fatally shot himself , police say The mother 's condition has not been made available
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Spain commemorated victims of the March 11 , 2004 Madrid train bombings with somber ceremonies on Tuesday at three stations in the capital where 191 people died in the Islamic terrorist attacks . A bouquet of flowers for a victim of the 2004 bombings is attached to railings near Atocha station . King Juan Carlos and Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero attended the main ceremony at Atocha station , where most of the casualties came when bombs exploded on one train inside the station and a second on the tracks just outside . Some of the survivors of the attack , which left 1,800 people wounded , gathered with the king and prime minister at the train bombing monument -- a circular glass structure in front of the station that was inaugurated on the third anniversary of the attacks . There were no speeches , just the placement of a floral wreath and the performance of "  Da pacen domine , " a song for peace , by an orchestral and choir ensemble . Other smaller memorials were held at the Santa Eugenia and Pozo stations down the line from Atocha , where the other two trains were torn apart by explosions four years ago . "  This year it was especially delicate to reach the anniversary , " Pilar Manjon , who lost a son in the bombings and is president of the March 11 Victims Association , told Spanish radio network SER . "  Everything has been stirred up again . There were elections again . " Zapatero won an upset victory in 2004 three days after the bombings , and was re-elected last Sunday . A Spanish court last October convicted 21 people in connection with the attacks . Seventeen of those were Islamic terrorists and four were Spaniards who were sentenced for supplying explosives stolen from a Spanish mining operation that ended up being used in the attacks . Seven people were acquitted . Various appeals to that sentence are still pending before Spain 's Supreme Court , which is expected to rule on the cases later this year . A few other suspects thought to be linked to the bombings could yet face trial , including two in Morocco and another in Spain . Authorities say Spain remains under constant threat from Islamic terrorism . Al Qaeda reports regularly mention Spain -- among other countries -- as a target , and more than 300 suspected Islamic extremists have been arrested in the country since the bombings . Besides the train bombing trial , a separate trial concluded last month with the convictions of 20 men , mainly Algerians and Moroccans , for Islamic terrorist activity in Spain . In another case , a judge held in prison for investigation 10 men , mainly Pakistanis , who were arrested last January in Barcelona on suspicion of planning al-Qaeda style attacks in Spain , Germany , France , Britain and Portugal . E-mail to a friend	Spain commemorates victims of the March 11 , 2004 Madrid train bombings There were 191 killed and 1,800 wounded after the Islamic terrorist attacks King Juan Carlos and Prime Minister Jose Zapatero attended with survivors A Spanish court last October convicted 21 people in connection with attacks
CNN  -- A woman accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter and dumping her body in Galveston Bay in Texas has pleaded guilty to tampering with evidence in the case . Kimberly Dawn Trenor is scheduled to go on trial for murder next week in the death of her daughter . But Kimberly Dawn Trenor , 20 , pleaded not guilty to the capital murder charge , her lawyer said Wednesday . Trenor and her husband , Royce Clyde Zeigler II , 25 , both were charged with tampering with evidence and capital murder in the case of Riley Ann Sawyer , whose body was found in a large blue plastic container on an uninhabited island in Galveston Bay , Texas , in October 2007 . The charge of tampering with evidence accused the couple of concealing the child 's remains . Trenor was arraigned Tuesday in Galveston , Texas , said her lawyer , Tom Stickler . Jury selection for her trial on the capital murder charge begins Wednesday . The trial will begin in earnest on January 27 , he said . The jury also will sentence Trenor on the evidence tampering charge , which carries a penalty of two to 20 years in prison , The Houston Chronicle reported . Zeigler , who is being tried separately , has not been formally arraigned , Stickler said . Both remain in jail . The Houston Chronicle reported bail had been set at $ 850,000 each . Riley Ann 's case garnered national headlines after a fisherman found her body on the island in the bay . Authorities were unsure of her identity , and police dubbed her "  Baby Grace . " Police distributed composite sketches of the girl nationwide , and Sheryl Sawyers , the girl 's paternal grandmother , contacted police from her Ohio home to say the drawing resembled her granddaughter . DNA testing confirmed the child 's identity . According to an affidavit , Trenor told police Riley had been beaten and thrown across a room and that her head was held underwater before she died on July 24 , 2007 . She said the couple hid the girl 's body in a storage shed for one to two months before they put it in the plastic container and dumped it into the bay . A medical examiner said Riley 's skull was fractured in three places , injuries that would have been fatal . A cross has since been erected on the island where the child was found , which was named Riley 's Island in her honor , the Houston Chronicle reported . Trenor moved to Texas from Ohio with the girl in May 2007 to be with Zeigler , whom Trenor had met on the Internet . While in custody , Trenor gave birth this summer to another child , who is now in the care of relatives , Stickler said .	Kimberly Dawn Trenor pleads guilty to tampering with evidence She faces capital murder trial in death of child known as ` Baby Grace ' Child 's body was found in plastic container on island in Galveston Bay
CNN  -- A United Nations court convicted a former governor of Rwanda to life in prison for his role in a 1994 genocide that left about 800,000 dead in the central African country . An estimated 800,000 people -- mainly Tutsis -- were killed in Rwanda in 1994 . Tharcisse Renzaho was found guilty of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . The verdict , delivered Tuesday , is the third judgment on charges of genocide delivered this year by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda  ICTR  . The U.N. court is holding hearings in Arusha , Tanzania , where it is based . Renzaho was governor of the capital , Kigali , and a colonel in the Rwandan Armed Forces in 1994 during the country 's genocide , when extremist militias made up of ethnic Hutus slaughtered ethnic Tutsis across Rwanda . It began in April of that year and within 100 days , an estimated 800,000 people were killed . The court found that Renzaho ordered soldiers , police and militias to set up roadblocks to identify Tutsi civilians to be executed . It found he ordered the distribution of weapons to people who then killed Tutsis . Renzaho also supervised a selection process at a refugee site where about 40 Tutsis were abducted and killed , the court found . Renzaho participated in an attack at the Sainte Famille church in which more than 100 Tutsis were killed . People across Rwanda sought refuge in churches all over the country as the genocide unfolded . He also made remarks encouraging the sexual abuse of women , according to the court , and was found criminally liable for the rapes that followed . The genocide ended when Tutsi-led militias backing Rwandan President Paul Kagame ousted the Hutu government supporting the massacre . Renzaho was arrested in September 2002 in the Democratic Republic of Congo . His trial began in January 2007 and closed in September that year after hearing from 53 witnesses , including Renzaho . Throughout the trial , Renzaho maintained his innocence and said he had no association with the militia . Renzaho 's lawyer blamed the case on political interference by the Rwandan government . Renzaho has the right to appeal the verdict . The decision is the third judgment on charges of genocide delivered this year by the tribunal . Emmanuel Rukundo , a former military chaplain , was convicted of genocide and crimes against humanity and sentenced to 25 years in prison . The court found Rukundo had a history of contempt for Tutsis and his fellow clergymen , and that he ordered the killings of Tutsi civilians . Callixte Kalimanzira was sentenced to 30 years in prison for genocide and incitement to commit genocide . The court found that Kalimanzira , a senior civil servant who at one point worked with the Interior Ministry , participated in various massacres of Tutsi civilians and actively encouraged other crimes against them . Prosecutors at his trial said he beat some Tutsis to death and called for the elimination of all Tutsis , including pregnant women and their babies .	Tharcisse Renzaho guilty of genocide , crimes against humanity , war crimes 3rd genocide judgment this year by International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda Renzaho governor of Kigali in 1994 during the country 's genocide Court : Renzaho ordered roadblocks to identify Tutsi civilians to be executed
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A few days ago , I received an Instagram message from a young girl who has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . She was struggling in school and depressed since being diagnosed . She shared her situation knowing I had found a way to live peacefully with my attention deficit disorder , which gave her hope she could do the same . I was so deeply touched because her story is mine . As early as the second grade , I knew something was different about me . I could n't sit still in class . It was torture for me . My teachers constantly requested I stop fidgeting , but I could n't . I was confused because other kids did n't seem to have my problem . Additionally , it was impossible to focus on my teacher and her lessons . My mind would float off with the clouds , way more interested in imagination than the reality of a boring textbook . School always paled in comparison to the vibrant world I created in my mind . The classroom was my jail . The highlight of my day was recess , where I was a natural born leader . On the playground , I was somebody for one glorious hour a day . Then it was back to the classroom and my feelings of inadequacies . My inability to sit still and focus eventually took its toll on my academic performance . If students could n't or did n't keep up , they were labeled "  learning disabled " and placed in a "  special " class with other kids who shared the same shame . Regardless of your specific learning challenges , all students were thrown into one big class . I was mortified . It changed my mindset about my capabilities and who I thought I was . I labeled myself "  stupid " and set out to prove my theory right . I lost all self-esteem and self-respect . In fifth grade , I gave up on myself . I stopped learning and started surviving . As my academic workload intensified , so did my self-loathing . I feared my deep , dark secret would be discovered at any moment . To prevent that from happening , I became the class clown . I developed skills to mask my inadequacies . For example , if I was asked a question and did n't know the answer , I would simply crack a joke . Although I seemed happy , my despair over my academic performance weighed heavily on my heart . My parents tried their best to support me and lift my spirits , but their efforts fell on deaf ears . I felt alone , hurt and by high school , suicidal . Sports provide a turning point Luckily , sports were an arena where I excelled and felt good about myself . I was a natural athlete , and my sport of choice was softball . My parents took notice of my ability early . They practiced with me daily , came to my games and even coached my Little League softball team . Often they taught me life lessons using sports analogies . They learned to speak "  my language , " and it made sense . My tenacity , competitiveness and desire to win developed on the softball field . By the time I reached high school , I was a softball super star ! I still was n't a fan of schoolwork , but to play softball , I had to maintain a minimum 2.0 GPA . So , I did the bare minimum to be eligible for the team . During these years , my inability to control my emotions became a major part of my struggle . My temper tantrums were legendary . I started hanging out with some high school dropouts and experimenting with drugs because I wanted to fit in . Still struggling with the undiagnosed ADHD , I was a full-blown teenage jerk . Luckily my parents were on top of it and implemented a strict and relentless set of rules . It got ugly . I would scream obscenities at the top of my lungs . I rebelled and threatened . I tried the silent treatment . None of it worked . My parent 's rules were set in stone like the Ten Commandments : no drugs , no loser friends and no dropping out of high school . I resigned myself to my fate . All I could see was the finish line my senior year . Although my academic struggles still made me feel worthless , I stayed involved in school because as captain of the softball team , I was determined to see our team get to the state finals . We did make it , but were eliminated in the first round . Nonetheless , I was honored as an all-state softball all-star -- a rare proud moment during my bleak high school years . High school musical to the rescue When softball season ended , I felt hopeless . I had no prospects for my future . College was n't an option because I could not imagine four more years of torture . On a whim and to procrastinate doing homework , I signed up to work as a props master for our annual high school musical . As I watched the performances from backstage , a small flame was ignited in me . A few days later , I sheepishly asked my parents what they thought of me becoming an actor . Clearly concerned , they paused for a moment , then my father said , "  You 'd be great at acting . " My mom then chimed in sarcastically , "  You can put all those emotions to work " as she winked at me . That 's all I needed to hear . Acting became my new softball , my new passion . Suddenly the kid who hated school was going to college . My parents were overjoyed . In college , many of my ADHD characteristics that had created so much grief in the past became assets . With my vivid imagination , I could believe wholeheartedly in the imaginary worlds portrayed in plays . I 'm also very emotional and impulsive . While these may not be such great qualities in a corporate office , they helped me excel in the world of theater . By my sophomore year , I was on a full academic scholarship . After I graduated from Howard University in Washington , I moved to Hollywood to pursue my dream of becoming a professional actor . Finally , my questions had answers Fast forward to 2009 . I 'm one of the stars of Lifetime 's hit TV series "  Army Wives . " My early struggles in school were a distant memory . Life was great , except for one little thing -- my daughter Kobi was a real chip off the old block . She was fidgety and had a tough time sitting still in school . Her second-grade teacher suggested Kobi get tested for ADHD . The results confirmed she had it . On a whim , I decided to follow suit and get tested . My diagnosis : ADD . Finally my entire childhood made sense ! I was n't happy about having the disorder , but at least now I knew I was n't alone . I had a child to shepherd through the ADD landscape . I wanted her to thrive , not just survive like I did . I had to learn more . I googled ADHD , and the first link to pop up was www.CHADD.org . Everything I needed to know was there , including critical information about how to be a powerful advocate for your child in school . It was a light at the end of a tunnel . The website gave me the information and tools I needed to best support my daughter and myself . I contacted CHADD and spoke with several members of their leadership team . I was so impressed with their resources , their commitment and dedication to this condition that I offered my services to support them . In late 2013 , CHADD asked me to be their national spokesperson . I proudly accepted this important role to help people feel comfortable living with ADHD and let them know they deserve the opportunity to live up to their full potential . Early diagnosis and treatment greatly increase their chances of doing that . I want to share one more message with the young girl who sent me that Instagram message and with others who are struggling with ADHD/ADD .  And lean forward because this is important  . You 're NOT stupid , broken or disordered . Celebrate the good , step over the bad and work around the ugly . Realize that those of us with ADHD/ADD have a skill that allows us to see the world through a unique lens . We are different , not defective . You can see Davis on the "  Army Wives " two-hour special Sunday , March 16 , on Lifetime and follow her on Twitter and Instagram @wendydoffical .	Actress Wendy Davis grew up thinking something was wrong with her in school After her daughter was diagnosed with ADHD , Davis learned she had ADD At the website CHADD , she got answers as well as support According to the website , an estimated 15 million Americans are affected by ADHD
EW.com  -- Pick a box-office record and "  The Avengers " has probably broken it . Biggest opening weekend of all time ? Check . Biggest Saturday gross of all time ? Check . Most popular movie released this year featuring intense archery scenes ?  Sorry , "  Hunger Games . "  Highest-grossing superhero movie ever ? Not yet , but consider this a warning : "  Dark Knight , " your days are numbered . But as we all know , the most important thing about "  The Avengers " is undoubtedly its role in the brilliant career of one Samuel Leroy Jackson . Back in October , the Guinness Book of World Records named Jackson the highest-grossing actor in the history of movies -- the result of Jackson 's insane four-films-per-year work ethic , his willingness to take supporting roles in mega-productions , and what we can only assume is a tremendous sense of humor . Now that "  Avengers " looks set to make a billion dollars before the end of this sentence , the question becomes : Can anyone ever outgross Jackson ? After his cameo in "  Iron Man , " the actor signed a nine-film commitment with Marvel , which means we can expect him to pop up in the next cycle of Avenger movies .  Easy money says that he has a brief appearance in "  Iron Man 3 " and a bigger role in "  Cap 2 . " Hard to see how he fits into "  Thor 2 , " unless it turns out he 's the human incarnation of Odin , which would be cool .  Even if phase 2 of Marvel 's mad-scientist movie plan is n't as successful as phase 1 -- heck , even if "  Avengers 2 " makes half of what "  Avengers " has made in two weeks of global release -- Jackson looks likely to achieve a career global tally of $ 10 billion . By comparison , Tom Cruise has only grossed $ 7 billion . And Tom Cruise does n't get invited to devour the scenery in Quentin Tarantino movies . In short , that eyepatch might turn out to be the single most lucrative prop in movie history . If you could wear that eyepatch and Dorothy 's ruby slippers and Audrey Hepburn 's "  Breakfast at Tiffany 's " dress while riding Rosebud the Sled and swinging Luke Skywalker 's lightsaber ... well , you 'd be a real weirdo , but at least you 'd be wearing a totally sweet eyepatch . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	In October , the Guinness Book of World Records named Samuel L. Jackson the highest-grossing actor The actor signed a nine-film commitment with Marvel Jackson looks likely to achieve a career global tally of $ 10 billion
The shock of seeing the forlorn hulk of the Costa Concordia has n't been dimmed by time . I 'm here once again on the pristine little Italian island of Giglio , made famous not for its beauty , but for the tragedy on its shores . The Concordia is illuminated by salvage vessels in the inky dark March night . Plans are well advanced to move the vessel , but for now it remains stranded , a macabre beacon at the entrance to the island 's main port . More than a year on from the catastrophe the capsized cruise liner is only now giving up its darkest secrets , with a prosecutor 's report now throwing light on how some of the 32 victims died . The most heart-rending story is that of 5-year-old Dayana Arlotti and her father William , who were both unable to find space on a lifeboat . The pair struggled to the other side of the tilting ship , but fell into a flooded chasm and drowned . Dayana was the youngest victim -- it beggars belief that adults in the lifeboat refused to give up their seats for a girl who 'd only just started school . And then there 's the horror endured by bartender Erika Molina . She managed to get onto a lifeboat , but fell out amid the chaotic launch . Without a life jacket she was sucked underwater by swirling currents as the cruise liner capsized . Maria D'Introno is the only victim whose body has yet to be found . She too was unable to get on the packed lifeboats ; so much for women and children first . She was last seen trembling on the edge of the ship . Eventually she jumped into the icy water below . She did n't have a life jacket and could n't swim . Just a few hundred meters from shore , she also drowned as horrified islanders looked on . Giuseppe Girolamo was a musician aboard , lucky enough initially to get into a lifeboat , gracious enough to give up his seat to someone else . He too drowned in those dark panicked hours that followed . Capt. Francesco Schettino has been under investigation for manslaughter and abandoning ship , but prosecutors now recommend he should stand trial , together with four other crew members and a shore-based manager . One of the accused crew is Manrico Giampedroni . He 'd previously been declared a hero , the last person winched off the ship , but he 's now accused of failing in his duties to help with the evacuation . The tragedy is still discussed earnestly as if it happened yesterday , according to one American part-time resident of the island . This tiny maritime community has become inured to the savage power of the sea ; the walls of local hotels are covered with fading black and white photos of wrecked schooners and cargo ships . But what shocked locals is that this happened on a calm January night , to a modern cruise liner bristling with the latest navigation equipment . Despite all the advances in ship design and technology , 100 years after the Titanic , once again passengers were left without enough lifeboats . Since the disaster , the island 's small winter population of a few hundred has been swelled by dozens of salvage experts . The operation to right the Concordia is the biggest maritime salvage exercise ever undertaken with 111 divers working in shifts 24 hours a day from a floating accommodation support vessel tethered next to the wreck . They are helping to deposit 18,000 tons of concrete beneath the hull to stabilize it before it is carefully rolled upright in the summer . Huge "  sponson " flotation tanks are being prepared that will act like children 's water wings to give the ship buoyancy and massive metal frames anchored to the granite seabed will become vital crutches to support the hull . The sponsons will then be pressurized with air and the Costa Concordia should then float , enabling experts to tow it to the mainland to be cut up for scrap metal ; something that could n't have been done on the water , for fear it would lead to devastating pollution of this national park . But even if this ambitious salvage is successful , it still will have taken almost two years to remove the wreck . Although there is no permanent memorial to the tragedy on Giglio , many islanders are reminded about the disaster every time they look out of their window and see the wreck . But even when the ship is gone in September or October , the memories of Friday 13th in January 2012 will remain vivid here -- the night disaster made Giglio notorious .	A year ago Sunday , a luxury cruise liner capsized off the Italian coast claiming 32 lives A new report sheds light on how some of the doomed ship 's victims died The island of Giglio is made famous for the tragedy on its shores , says Dan Rivers The salvage operation is the biggest ever undertaken
Westminster , Colorado  CNN  -- It seems like a simple question , but ask Victor Perez and Dulce Garcia what grade they 're in and you wo n't get a traditional answer . At almost any other school in the country , the 11-year-old friends would be in fifth grade . Not so at Hodgkins Elementary in Westminster , Colorado , where there are no grades and no grade levels . Here , children are grouped together in classes based on their ability , not their age In literacy class , Victor and Dulce are both in level seven . In math , Victor is in level seven while Dulce is still learning level six . "  He 's the highest in the class , " said Dulce , who is proud of her friend 's achievements . The move to do away with grade levels throughout the Adams County School District began three years ago . Standards-based learning , as it 's called , is founded on the belief that every child learns in different ways and at different speeds . With the school district on an academic watch list , educators here were eager to reverse the slide . "  Every single student is getting an individualized education , " said Hodgkins Principal Sarah Gould , who helped usher in the reform at her school two years ago . "  We are giving our kids exactly what they need when they need it . " Children work at their own level in each subject and must demonstrate proficiency in various learning targets , achieving a score of 75 % or higher before they 're allowed to move on to the next level . During a recent visit to Jennifer Gregg 's literacy class , students ranging in age from 8 to 10 were gathered in small groups or working on their own to hit their learning targets . Each table had a basket with books separated into four different reading levels . Gregg says when she first heard about standards-based learning , she wondered , "  How do you juggle that many levels in one classroom ? " Now , she sees the benefits , since students are n't frustrated by work that 's too hard , nor bored with assignments that are too easy . "  The kids know exactly what they 're working on ... and what they need to do , so it 's very empowering for them , " she said . Gregg 's students come to her when they 're ready to take the proficiency test to move to the next level . "  I do n't know if ` hounding ' is the right word , " Gregg said , "  but they definitely will let you know ... ` Please sign me up . ' " Unlike traditional schools , students at Hodgkins can move up a learning level anytime they 're ready , not just at the end of the year . When a visitor asked who had moved up a level in the 2010-11 school year , almost all hands shot up . A large bulletin board in the hallway displays the smiling faces of nearly 400 students who had changed levels in the month of March . "  The time is right for a system that focuses on individual students and lets them progress at their own pace , " said education researcher Robert Marzano , who is helping the district develop standards-based learning , a system that was first introduced in the 1960s . "  The conversation around the country is about that like it 's never been before . " The Adams 50 school district is made up of about 10,000 students , mostly from Hispanic families . About 40 % are still learning English . In the last decade , as demographics began to change , standardized test scores fell , leading the district to be placed on an academic watch list . School board president Vicky Marshall said the district needed something drastic to turn it around . She set out to enlist teachers and parents , aware that without their support , the new system would fail . High school teachers were among the first to embrace the idea , realizing students would have to have mastered material before moving levels . Their response , according to Marshall : " ` You mean , by the time they get to us they 're going to know all ... of the prior material that they should know in biology , in math , in social studies , and I 'm not going to have to spend the first three months of their freshman year figuring out what they do n't know ? ... Wow -- absolutely . ' " Parents , however , did have concerns , especially whether there would be a big age range in some classes . "  We were very quick to say , ` No , we 're not going to have someone with a mustache ... sitting next to a 6 - year-old . ' That 's just not going to happen , " she said . Instead , older children at lower levels are given extra help , as they are in traditional middle and high schools . Standards-based learning in the Adams County School District is currently in place in kindergarten through ninth grade , and will be integrated through all high schools by 2014 . But it 's not for the faint of heart . This particular approach was developed by the Re-Inventing Schools Coalition , a nonprofit organization that helped turn around a small , struggling school district in Alaska . Students there went from 0 % attending college to nearly 90 % going on to secondary education or the military . The organization 's executive director , Wendy Battino , said that in order for standards-based learning to work , schools must have strong leadership and shared vision . Of the approximately 300 schools that have attempted to enact this system , Battino said , half have n't been able to stick with it . "  Superintendents last 2-2 1/2 years on average in this country . It 's really hard to lead systemic change when you have that much turnover , " Battino said . Community and school support are critical , she said , "  so when a leader does leave , you have enough shared vision and stakeholder support that they will hold onto this and it wo n't leave , despite the next leader . " The message is particularly relevant in Adams County , where the schools superintendent who brought the change recently resigned . And since school board members are are limited to two four-year term limits , the unanimous support may wane if standardized test scores do n't improve . So far , they have n't . In last years ' CSAP test , only 39 % of Hodgkins ' third - graders tested proficient in reading . That 's 8 % lower than the previous year , before the new system was put in place . School Board President Vicky Marshall explained that it would take three to five years for any type of major reform to show results . "  So I would say , if within three to five years we 're not seeing the kind of results that we project , yeah , it probably could be at risk , " she said . Principal Gould is quick to point out that the initial drop in test scores was expected , since many kids were placed in lower levels to make up for gaps in their educations . "  Our hope and goal is that when this year 's test scores come out and the following year 's , that progression will just continue to increase , " Gould said , adding that test scores do n't paint the whole picture . Discipline problems , Gould said , have decreased 76 % in the past two years -- a sign , she said , that the system is working . "  When students are challenged exactly where they need to be , " she said , "  there 's not a lot of time for students to be messing around in class . "	A Colorado school switched to standards-based learning It means students learn according to ability , not their age group District leaders say it will take 3-5 years to improve test scores
CNN  -- Giant panda Lun Lun is pregnant , and officials at the Atlanta , Georgia , zoo say they are thrilled . Animal and veterinary teams estimate that a birth could occur in 10 days to two weeks . It would be the first panda birth in the U.S. this year . Memphis , San Diego and Washington , D.C. , zoos also have pandas , but none has produced a baby panda this year . Thirteen-year-old Lun Lun was artificially inseminated , and the father is Zoo Atlanta 's Yang Yang . Lun Lun and 13-year-old Yang Yang have already given birth to two cubs -- Mei Lan , a 4-year-old female who now lives in China , and a male , Xi Lan , 2 , who resides at Zoo Atlanta . The giant panda is an endangered species , so another birth is good news for the zoo and , of course , the species . "  We 're absolutely excited about the news , " said Rebecca Snyder , the curator of mammals at Zoo Atlanta . "  Many times , zoo handlers are not aware that a panda is pregnant until after the birth , so to know ahead of time is a special treat . " ' Lun Lun was artificially inseminated on June 13 after the pair failed to mate naturally . Zoo Atlanta said giant panda gestation periods have been documented to be as short as 83 days or as long as 197 days , and the average pregnancy is 135 days . Ultrasound procedures will track the progress of the developing fetus , zoo officials said . Fans of the panda can watch Lun Lun on the zoo 's PandaCam , which runs Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET . Lun Lun and Yang Yang were born in China . They have lived with each other since they were 1 and came as a pair to Zoo Atlanta in 1999 . Lun Lun 's birth name , given to her by keepers , was Hua Hua , and Yang Yang 's birth name was Jiu Jiu .	Zoo Atlanta is soon expecting the first panda birth in U.S. this year Thirteen-year-old Lun Lun was artificially inseminated The giant panda is an endangered species
They know Russian tanks would make short work of their ramshackle defenses and shallow trenches . But with U.S. and Europe shrinking from the fight , this rag-tag band of civilian volunteers know they could be the first , last and only line of defense if Moscow rolls into this corner of northeast Ukraine . "  We ca n't expect help from anybody else . Our own government is too passive . But hopefully we can rely on support from ordinary Ukrainians , " Vladimir Fedorok told CNN on a blustery morning close to the Ukrainian border village of Senkivka . In more peaceful times , Fedorok runs a farm supplies company . Now , with Russia estimated to be massing up to 88,000 troops just across the border from Ukraine 's eastern frontier , he finds himself marshaling a newly formed self-defense committee . They 're setting up an outpost along the highway that cuts from the Ukrainian-Russian border to the Ukraine 's interior . Klitschko pulls out of presidential race He and his closest aides , Younis and Olec , are clad in British Army-issue uniforms from the Iraq "  Desert Storm " campaign . They still bear the Union Jack insignia on the left sleeve . "  We picked them up at the bazaar . I 've no idea how they got there . Including my boots , I paid around 100 euros , " Fedorok said . Other members of his self-defense unit are sporting surplus combat jackets and pants from other European militaries . All of the volunteers say they have some army training from time spent doing military service . Fedorok said they 've also been getting refresher courses from friendly Ukrainian army officers in recent days . Two members of the group claim -- like an unspecified number of other Ukrainian nationalists -- to have fought alongside Muslim insurgents against the Russians in Chechnya . Best hope is to slow any advance But if the Russians roll into eastern Ukraine , it will be very different from the house-to-house urban combat that has previously taken place in the Chechen capital of Grozny . This region is home to sweeping expanses of farmland and scattered forests , classic terrain for a tank war -- the kind of scenario both Soviet and NATO forces drilled for during the Cold War years . Fedorok and his patriots have encircled their dilapidated outpost with piles of old car tires . The plan : If the Russians stream down the highway en route to the district capital Chernigov , they 'll burn rubber and set up a smokescreen . They say they have no real weapons , but this band of brothers has made up a stash of Molotov cocktails , with rags stuffed into old vodka bottles . The few yards of trenches that stretch into a nearby tree line are only a fallback position , and hardly constitute a sturdy defensive line . "  As much as anything else , we 're put here making a political point . We know this outpost is only an effort to slow down the Russians , " Fedorok said matter-of-factly . "  I should n't be telling you this but our plan is to break down into five-man units and we will launch a guerrilla-style partisan war against the Russians , " he added , declining to specify how many volunteers he has under his command . But these paramilitary militias may not be entirely alone . Fedorok drives a few kilometers up the highway closer to the border to introduce us to a detachment of Ukrainian soldiers . For now , they 're coordinating operations . A fresh-faced army major with a Russian-made AK-74S assault rifle slung over his shoulder told us his men are on high alert . "  These are military times , " he said as he showed us a little of his hardware : three armored personnel carriers mounted with heavy-machine guns , dug into the earth and camouflaged with branches from birch trees . A few yards away stood a Russian-made T-80 tank . The major said there were more tanks half buried behind berms in the forest . ` Looking toward our brothers ' All the vehicles are pointing toward a bridge . The major , who declined to give his name , said the order was to defend the bridge or blow it up if the Russians advanced across the border . But unlike the civilian self-defense militias , these soldiers seem a little unsure when I asked whether they would really stand and battle the Russians . In Ukraine 's Crimea region , the Ukrainian army confined itself to barracks or surrendered . Earlier this week , the Defense Ministry in Kiev said a full 75 percent of its force in Crimea either defected or simply went AWOL when the Russians moved in . Here at the eastern border , the major in charge of this armored detachment shook his head slowly . "  I prefer to say that we are not pointing our tanks at the Russians but merely looking toward our brothers in case they advance in friendship , " he said . The major said he could scarcely believe he was on high alert to battle troops from Moscow . "  We trained in the same military academies during Soviet times and after that . We see them as our brothers , " he said . The Pentagon 's latest figures put the number of Russian troops massing just over the border at about 40,000 . The Ukrainian government 's National Defense and Security Council estimates the figure at 88,000 , but that estimate may include units a little farther from the border region that could be deployed as a second wave in the event of an invasion . Moscow has insisted it is only carrying out drills . And in televised comments Saturday , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov insisted his forces had no intention of crossing into Ukraine . However , in a telephone conversation with President Barack Obama Friday night , Russian President Vladimir Putin once again reportedly raised concerns about ethnic Russians living in eastern Ukraine . He suggested Ukrainian ultra-nationalists had been threatening ethnic Russians and driving them out of their homes and businesses -- the same accusations that Moscow used as a pretext to intervene in Crimea . Standing tall and surveying his trench lines , self-defense commander Fedorok was in no mood to listen to any assurances from Moscow . He said he was in no doubt : "  The Russian hordes are coming . " Crimea 's military dolphins "  to switch nationalities " OPINION : Is Obama weak against Vladimir Putin ? Maidan -- protest heart , crime scene , political stage	Tens of thousands of Russian troops amass on border with eastern Ukraine Band of overmatched Ukrainian volunteers has vowed to fight any Russian advance Moscow insists it is only conducting military drills , but has pledged to protect ethnic Russians
The Cold War aerial games of chicken portrayed in the movie "  Top Gun " are happening in real life again nearly 30 years later . A U.S. Air Force spy plane evaded an encounter with the Russian military on July 18 , just a day after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was downed by a suspected surface-to-air missile that Ukraine and the West allege was fired by pro-Russia rebels in eastern Ukraine . The RC-135 Rivet Joint fled into nearby Swedish airspace without that country 's permission , a U.S. military official told CNN . The airplane may have gone through other countries ' airspace as well , though it 's not clear if it had permission to do so . The U.S. plane had been flying in international airspace , conducting an electronic eavesdropping mission on the Russian military , when the Russians took the unusual action of beginning to track it with land-based radar . The Russians then sent at least one fighter jet into the sky to intercept the aircraft , the U.S. official said Saturday . The spy plane crew felt so concerned about the radar tracking that it wanted to get out of the area as quickly as possible , the official said . The quickest route away from the Russians took them into Swedish airspace . The U.S. official acknowledged that was done without Swedish military approval . As a result of this incident , the United States is discussing the matter with Sweden and letting officials know there may be further occurrences where American jets have to divert so quickly they may not be able to wait for permission . "  We acknowledge a U.S. aircraft veered into Swedish airspace and will take active steps to ensure we have properly communicated with Swedish authorities in advance to prevent similar issues before they arise , " the U.S. State Department said . The incident was first reported by the Swedish news agency Svenska Dagbladet . Russian officials did not provide any immediate reaction about the encounter . This was at least the second potentially-dangerous encounter between a U.S. plane and Russia over the past few months . On April 23 , a Russian Su-27 Flanker fighter jet buzzed within 100 feet of the nose of a U.S. Air Force RC-135U reconnaissance plane over the Sea of Okhotsk between Russia and Japan , a Defense Department official said . Russian fighter jet nearly collided with U.S. military plane in April Russian and U.S. aircraft often encounter each other , both in Northern Europe as well as the area between the Russian Far East and Alaska . But the official said the land radar activity by the Russians in this instance was unusual . The ongoing civil unrest in Ukraine and the downing of MH 17 over eastern Ukraine on July 17 , which killed all 298 people aboard , have heightened tensions between Washington and Moscow . Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was brought down by a suspected missile . Pro-Russia rebels have denied allegations from Ukraine and the West that they shot down the Malaysian airliner , or that Russia supplied equipment used to shoot it down .	U.S. military official tells CNN the incident occurred on July 18 RC-135 Rivet Joint was on electronic eavesdropping mission in international airspace Russians began tracking with ground radar , and sent at least one fighter to intercept U.S. plane evaded encounter by flying into Swedish airspace without permission
CNN  -- This year has seen Johnny Depp morph into a chameleon , Anne Hathaway perform as a parrot , Jack Black play a panda and Katy Perry turn into a Smurf . A-list celebrities are now scratching at casting directors ' doors in their eagerness to voice animated creatures -- a move that would once have been considered professional suicide . "  There was a sense that actors who did animated work were n't at the top of their game career-wise , " said Total Film editor Aubrey Day . "  There was a stigma surrounding it . " Then Robin Williams let the genie out of the bottle in 1992 's "  Aladdin , " magically transforming voice actors from faceless fill-ins to sought-after stars . "  When Robin came in -- whose career was flying at the time -- it showed people there was no stigma in animated work , and it opened the floodgates , " said Day . "  The success of that movie made film execs think , ` We 've hit on something -- if we get celebrity actors in these roles , it will generate box office . ' " A roll call of big-name actors has followed -- from Tom Hanks as Woody in "  Toy Story " and Eddie Murphy as "  Shrek 's " wisecracking Donkey , to George Clooney as the "  Fantastic Mr Fox . " For studios , the draw is obvious : a bankable name on the poster that will entice parents -- the ones ultimately buying the tickets . "  If you can make parents think it 's not going to be a painful two hours , that 's a big advantage , " said Day . "  For adults , knowing there are A-list stars in a film adds a level of curiosity and an inclination to go and see it . "  They went to see ` Bee Movie ' with Jerry Seinfeld because he was in it , and ` Antz ' because they wanted to hear Woody Allen in an animation . " A celebrity is also infinitely more useful than an unknown voice actor in terms of PR , since they can be sent onto chat shows and red carpets . For the A-listers themselves , animated films are now seen as credible projects -- even , since 2001 , honored with their own category at the Academy Awards . And with the success of the sector in recent years , animated films have become epic productions with budgets for A-list salaries . According to boxofficemojo.com , "  Shrek 2 " and "  Toy Story 3 " both grossed over $ 400 million . Inevitably , there 's still the sneaking suspicion that actors regard voice work as a cushy number . As Jack Black , who voices Po in "  Kung Fu Panda 2 , " out later this year , quips : "  Well obviously I do n't have to do costume and make-up , and it 's an easy piece of pie . Just role out of bed in your PJs and rock the mike for a few hours a month , and you 've got a real cool movie . " That 's galling for traditional voice actors , who regard theirs as a well-honed craft -- and who are increasingly consigned to bit parts . Artists like the late Mel Blanc , the "  Man of a Thousand Voices " -- who brought Bugs Bunny , Tweety Bird and Daffy Duck to life -- made successful careers out of their ability to voice multiple characters , often in the same film . Their flexibility remains their trump card in the era of star casting , while celebrities ultimately need to sound enough like themselves to be recognized . "  That 's the name of this game -- versatility , " Nancy Cartwright , a veteran voice actor best known for being Bart Simpson , told CNN . "  The more versatile you are , the better chances you have of getting hired . It 's not enough to just have one voice . " In "  The Simpsons , " Cartwright not only voices Bart , but other characters including Nelson Muntz , Ralph Wiggum and Todd Flanders . Far from being a cushy job , Cartwright says voice work is a performance -- and one that requires actors to find the physicality of the character , just as they would in a live-action film . The way Cartwright holds herself changes when she is about to say a line as Bart , and she often gets so into character that she starts ad-libbing -- once snapping "  eat my shorts " at a colleague and inadvertently creating a famous catchphrase . Black got similarly carried away as his martial-artist bear , ad-libbing so often that co-star Angelina Jolie had to be brought back in to re-record scenes that had changed . "  I go headlong and really try and get into the fur of my panda character , " Black told CNN . "  I do n't think about what it 's like to live on a bamboo diet all of my life , but just the emotional reality of the scene ... I think you tend to overcompensate because you do n't have the face and the eyes . " The production team helped Black and Jolie imagine what each scene would eventually look like . "  They are really great about showing us images , footage , something -- even if it 's just a sculpture of your animal , " said Black . "  They give as much as they can to give a sense  of it  . But sometimes you really have to ask , because they give you five lines and you say your lines loads of times and they say , ` No , no , no , you do n't understand -- while you are saying this you are dropping from the top of a 500ft building ! ' " A-list stars , however , do n't always guarantee success . A recent big-screen version of "  Yogi Bear " failed to impress , despite help from Dan Aykroyd and Justin Timberlake . "  There is no direct correlation between the big name and the size of box office -- it 's more : Is it a good marriage between the actor and the character they 're voicing ? " said Day . "  That 's the key about animation -- it 's about correct casting , not stunt casting . "	From Johnny Depp to Angelina Jolie , A-list stars line up to voice animated movies Robin Williams 's performance as the genie in "  Aladdin " removed stigma of voice work Traditional voice artists rely on their versatility to survive
LONDON , England  CNN  -- After an off-season of big-money transfers and endless speculation in Spain the focus finally turns to matters on the pitch . The first round of La Liga fixtures kick off this weekend and Fanzone details what to expect from the new campaign : So what 's new ? No sooner had Barcelona wrapped up an historic treble than all of the focus shifted to rivals Real Madrid following the much-vaunted return of Florentino Perez as the club 's president . The start of Perez 's latest spell at the Santiago Bernabeu has seen a revival of the ` Galacticos ' policy of the early 2000s as the club cherry-picked star players from around Europe in a bid to recapture former glories . Los Merengues smashed the world transfer record twice in a week as winger Cristiano Ronaldo arrived from Manchester United for $ 130 million hot on the heels of the signing of Brazilian playmaker Kaka from AC Milan for $ 92m . Who do you think will win La Liga ? Sound Off below . Karim Benzema , Xabi Alonso , Raul Albiol , Alvaro Arbeloa and Esteban Granero were also brought to the club as Real splashed out a whopping $ 365m on new players . Barcelona clinched the signing of Zlatan Ibrahimovic from Inter Milan with Samuel Eto'o moving in the opposite direction while Inter 's attacking full-back Maxwell also arrived at the Nou Camp . Real 's frenzied activity in the transfer market has somewhat overshadowed the appointment of former Villarreal coach Manuel Pellegrini in place of interim boss Juande Ramos while Ernesto Valverde takes over from the Chilean at El Madrigal . Other managerial changes see Jose Angel Ziganda take charge of Xerez in their debut season in La Liga while Juan Ramon Lopez Muniz has left Racing Santander for Malaga with Juan Carlos Mandia the new man in the hot seat at El Sardinero . Elsewhere , the start of Espanyol 's first season at their new Cornella-El Prat stadium has been overshadowed by the shock death of 26-year-old captain Daniel Jarque who suffered a heart attack after training during preseason . New signings Cristiano Ronaldo and Kaka will play a key role in Real Madrid 's quest to win the La Liga title . Key players : It is hard to look beyond the potent attacking threat of Ronaldo , Kaka and Benzema who are all set to make their La Liga debuts for Real Madrid . But it could well be that Alonso 's decision to return to Spain which will prove the most decisive , especially if the midfielder can replicate the kind of form he showed in his final season at Liverpool . Ibrahimovic 's move to Barcelona raised a few eyebrows and how Pep Guardiola manages to fuse the enigmatic Sweden international with the talents of Lionel Messi , Thierry Henry et al will be crucial to whether they can match the success of last season . Diego Forlan found the net 32 times to secure the Pichichi award for the most goals in La Liga and his partnership with fellow striker Sergio Aguero will provide the backbone of their hopes of improving on last season 's fourth place . Will Real Madrid 's expensive new signings deliver the La Liga title ? Sound Off below . Elsewhere , David Villa remains the main man at Valencia while big things are expected of talented young winger Diego Perotti at Sevilla after making his debut last term . Despite intense speculation Valencia have kept hold of David Villa for their final season at the Mestalla . Key clubs : Real Madrid have spent big to try and close the gap between themselves and defending champions Barcelona and a lot will depend on whether they can turn their potential into effective team performances . The task facing Pelligrini will be how to accommodate all of the players in his talent-laden squad , while Guardiola 's problem will be how he emulates a superb first season in charge of the Blaugrana . Despite their financial woes Valencia have managed to keep hold of prize assets David Villa and David Silva . And there will be a heightened level of expectancy among the club 's supporters as the club look to end their 87-year stay at Mestalla with silverware before moving to a new stadium It also promises to be a fascinating season at Villarreal as they look to life under new coach Valverde following five seasons under Pellegrini . Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola will hope Zlatan Ibrahimovic settles into life at the Nou Camp quickly . Expert view : CNN 's Pedro Pinto - "  So Real Madrid have splashed the cash , but will the massive $ 365 million investment translate into success on the field ? That is the question football fans are asking themselves leading up to the start of the season . "  There is enough talent in Real 's squad for the team to aspire to greatness . On paper , they have all the necessary elements to succeed and perhaps emulate Barcelona and their historic treble-winning season . However we all know that football is not played on paper and I personally believe Los Merengues have no chance of achieving that . "  Rome was not built in one day and neither will a treble-winning team . Ronaldo and Kaka will be fantastic this season , I have no doubt of that , while Benzema and Alonso have made the side stronger , but Real can only aspire to win one trophy this season . "  I think the new coach Pellegrini will struggle to find the right balance in the team and therefore the league title will probably escape them . "  As far as the Champions League is concerned , though , I would definitely rank Real in the top three sides to lift the trophy . The final will be played at the Santiago Bernabeu and everyone at the club would love to end a European drought which started back in 2002 on home turf . "  Despite all their success last season , defending Spanish and European champions Barcelona shook up their squad in the summer . Eto'o , scorer of 38 goals in all competitions last season , left for Inter Milan . In exchange for the Cameroon striker , manager Guardiola got Ibrahimovic . "  The Sweden international 's goalscoring record is inferior to Eto'o but he does add a different dimension . For the first time in a long time Barca will have a tall striker who can make an impact in the air , as well as create his own chances in the area and bring others into play . "  It was a good move for the Catalans when you consider that Eto'o hardly endeared himself to the team 's dressing room . He was a winner , but he was also a whiner . "  There is no question the title will be decided between Real and Barcelona , with my vote going to the defending champions , but we should watch out for Atletico Madrid . "  As far as I am concerned , this is one of the most exciting teams in European football and last season they won five of their last six games . "  With Aguero leading the way , anything is possible and I believe this is will be a big year for ` El Kun ' who should edge out Messi as the one to watch . From what I have seen in preseason , he is going to set the league on fire ! Shame their defense is a bit shaky , although they signed Spain international Juanito from Betis . "  Overall I expect Barcelona to take the title -- the backbone of the team remains intact and the chemistry in the team is fantastic . They will have to dig deep to beat Real Madrid , but my hunch is that they will be able to do it . At the wrong end of La Liga , Getafe , Xerez and Tenerife will all do well to avoid the drop . "	Real Madrid have spent $ 365 million on new players to try and win La Liga Champions Barcelona have added Zlatan Ibrahimovic to their talented squad After keeping David Villa and David Silva Valencia may be surprise challengers Have your say on who you think will win Serie A in the Sound Off below
President Barack Obama plans to nominate the first U.S. ambassador to Somalia in more than two decades , a top State Department official said Tuesday . Undersecretary of State Wendy Sherman called the decision "  a reflection both of our deepening relationship with the country and of our faith that better times are ahead . " Sherman said the nomination would occur "  soon , " but did not give any specifics . Sherman said the United States has no plans in the immediate future to open an embassy in Mogadishu , the Somali capital wracked by violence from al Qaeda-linked extremist group Al-Shabaab . Last month , the group launched a deadly attack on the nation 's parliament . The new ambassador would work out of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi , Kenya , with another dozen or so diplomats working on Somali issues , and would travel to Mogadishu . "  I would hope that in years ahead ... that we will see a full presence both in Somalia and by the Somalis here in Washington , " Sherman said . "  It 'll take some time , but we take this in a step-by-step approach . " The United States and Somalia closed their embassies in each other 's capitals in 1991 after the overthrow of Mohamed Siad Barre and the effective collapse of central government in the Horn of Africa nation . The United States and its European allies have strengthened diplomatic ties with Somalia since Hassan Sheikh Mohamud , a civil activist , was elected president in September 2012 . The United States officially recognized the Somali government in August 2013 , and Britain is operating its diplomatic mission an office at the Mogadishu airport until the rest of the UK Embassy compound is completed .	State Dept. official : Move reflects "  our faith that better times are ahead " for Somalia U.S. has no immediate plans to open an embassy ; the ambassador would work from Kenya U.S. closed its embassy in Mogadishu in 1991 , but has maintained diplomatic relations
CNN  -- Ariel Castro 's ex-daughter-in-law never felt comfortable around the man who police say kept three young women trapped in a Cleveland home for a decade . Monica Stephens -- who was once married to Castro 's son Anthony -- said she never developed a close relationship with Castro , primarily because of the stories her ex-husband and ex-mother-in-law had shared with her . "  I never had the desire to get to know him personally or very closely , " Stephens told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Tuesday night . "  Both my ex-husband and his mother had shared with me stories of how he had beaten them , locked them in the house , just treated them like hostages , so I never had a desire to get to know him . He did n't have that like , you know , father-in-law appeal . " Photographs give glimpse of Castro 's yard Stephens said she had been told Castro 's alleged abuse of Anthony Castro began when he was a child and that he even beat his wife , Grimilda Figueroa , after she had brain surgery . "  He still continued to beat her . He hit her in the head . Either he kicked her or hit her with a lead pipe , " she said . "  I do n't even think I really fully could grasp just how horrible some of the stories were . " In addition to the beatings , Castro "  played a lot of mind games " with the family members , Stephens said she was told . Court documents show that Castro was in fact accused in 2005 of repeated abuse and domestic violence against Figueroa . The allegations include a broken nose , broken ribs and threats to kill her . But after several missed court appearances by Castro and repeated court delays , the petition was dismissed . Lawyers for Castro told CNN affiliate WKYC that their client is being wrongly depicted by many . "  The initial portrayal by the media has been one of a ` monster ' and that 's not the impression that I got when I talked to him for three hours , " attorney Craig Weintraub told WKYC . Another Castro attorney , Jaye Schlachet , added : "  I know the media wants to jump to conclusions and all the people in the community want to say terrible things about the person who 's accused . We are not even at the beginning of the process . If this was a marathon race , we 're not even at the starting line yet . " During her marriage , Stephens made a visit with Anthony Castro to Ariel Castro 's home . Stories she heard about how he would "  obsessively " keep things locked up in the house made her nervous during her short visit . Castro 's brothers : Ariel fooled us "  I do n't think we were there more than 20 minutes . It was n't a normal occurrence . I think that was the one and only time I had ever been there . Ariel Castro always gave me the heebie-jeebies , but I thought that was just because of my personal bias , " she said . "  Like I said , I just attribute to the things I had heard about him . " Stephens said she did n't hear any unusual noises when she was in the house . The three women once held captive in that house -- Amanda Berry , Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight -- have said in a statement from their attorney they want privacy so they can reconnect with their families . They also wo n't be giving any media interviews until after the criminal case against Castro is complete . Castro 's daughter crushed by news her father allegedly abducted her friend Berry and DeJesus returned to joyous homecomings with their families last week . The whereabouts of Knight are unknown . She has not reunited with her family , but a source close to the investigation told CNN she "  is in a safe place and very comfortable . " Castro , a 52-year-old bus driver and musician , faces charges of rape and kidnapping in connection with the prolonged captivity of the women . According to initial police reports , the women told investigators that they were chained in the basement of the home , but later moved upstairs to rooms on the second floor . They were allowed out of the home only twice , and then just briefly , according to the document . How the horror unfolded Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Monica Stephens never wanted to get close to Ariel Castro She said her ex-husband , ex-mother-in-law shared disturbing stories about him During her marriage she did make a visit to Castro 's home
CNN  -- A 20-year-old Florida International University baseball star was charged last week with the rape of two females in Nassau , police said Monday . The athlete , Garrett Wittels , has been released on $ 10,000 bail , Bahamas Police Department Press Officer Sgt. Chrislyn Skippings told CNN . "  We are aware of the case and we are providing all appropriate consular assistance , " said a U.S. Embassy spokeswoman in Washington . "  We are providing all appropriate consular assistance and , due to privacy concerns , we are unable to share specific information about this case . " The 6-foot , 1-inch , 198-pound infielder finished the 2010 season on a 56-game hitting streak , the second-longest in NCAA Division 1 baseball history , according to FIU 's website . Calls to Wittels ' family , FIU and the NCAA were not immediately returned . The junior shortstop was with four friends from Miami , Florida , when the incident allegedly occurred , said Skippings , who added that all five were charged . But the mother of one of the friends said only three of the five were charged , and that all five had returned to Miami . "  I really think all of them are innocent , " said Dalilah Tromberg , mother of Steven Tromberg , in a telephone interview . "  These kids are going to prove , at the end , that they are innocent . The truth will prevail . " She added that her son and another of the group were not charged . "  They are all wonderful boys from great families and I 've known them for many years , most of them . " Tromberg said she could not add more . "  I 've been told not to discuss , " she said . Wittels was named this month to the National Collegiate Baseball Writers of America Preseason All-America Team . His streak , which will carry into the 2011 season , puts him two games behind Robin Ventura 's 1987 record of hitting in 58 straight games . According to FIU 's website , Wittels is slated to start on Feb. 18 , when FIU hosts Southeastern Louisiana . CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this story .	NEW : "  I really think all of them are innocent , " said the mother of one of the group Garrett Wittels and four friends are charged with rape in the Bahamas The infielder has been released on $ 10,000 bail Wittels finished the 2010 season on a 56-game hitting streak
CNN  -- President Obama told West Point graduates that the United States faces "  difficult days ahead " in its fight against insurgents in Afghanistan and said that the threat posed by al Qaeda operatives across the globe "  will not go away soon . " Speaking at the U.S. Military Academy commencement in New York , Obama praised the graduates for their achievements and laid out a scenario of military and societal challenges in what is the ninth West Point commencement during the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the fight against international terrorism . "  This time of war began in Afghanistan , a place that may seem as far from this peaceful bend in the Hudson River as anywhere on Earth , " Obama said , referring to a conflict that started after the al Qaeda terror network attacked the United States on September 11 , 2001 . "  The war began only because our own cities and civilians were attacked by violent extremists who plotted from that distant place , and it continues only because that plotting persists to this day . " While the United States and its allies battled in Afghanistan , the U.S. military launched an invasion of Iraq in 2003 , toppling the Saddam Hussein regime and battling insurgents for years until that war began to wind down in the last couple of years . But the Afghan conflict persists as the United States and its allies battle tenacious militants from the Taliban militant movement . Obama said as the Iraq war ends , America is "  pressing forward in Afghanistan " and faces a "  tough fight " against a nimble insurgency . "  From Marja to Kandahar , that is what the Taliban has done through assassination , indiscriminate killing and intimidation , " Obama said , referring to the main militant and two southern Afghan battlegrounds . "  And any country that has known decades of war will be tested in finding political solutions to its problems , and providing governance that can sustain progress and serve the needs of its people . " Obama said that even though the nature of the war has changed in the past nine years , it remains just as important as it was after the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon . He said the United States has helped bring hope and sovereign government to Afghanistan , but "  there will be difficult days ahead . " "  We toppled the Taliban regime ; now we must break the momentum of a Taliban insurgency and train Afghan security forces , " he said . "  We will adapt , we will persist , and I have no doubt that together with our Afghan and international partners , we will succeed in Afghanistan . " As for al Qaeda 's activities , Obama defended the "  campaign to disrupt , dismantle and to defeat al Qaeda , " saying it 's an "  international effort that is necessary and just . " While he said there has been "  more success in eliminating al Qaeda leaders in recent months than in recent years , " the group will continue its recruitment efforts . "  We see that in bombs that go off in Kabul and Karachi . We see it in attempts to blow up an airliner over Detroit or an SUV in Times Square , even as these failed attacks show that pressure on networks like al Qaeda is forcing them to rely on terrorists with less time and space to train , " he said . "  We see it in al Qaeda 's gross distortion of Islam , their disrespect for human life , and their attempts to prey upon fear and hatred and prejudice . " Obama dismissed al Qaeda and its affiliates as "  small men on the wrong side of history , " but acknowledged that the threat they pose "  will not go away soon . " "  This is a different kind of war , " he said . "  There will be no simple moment of surrender to mark the journey 's end . No armistice or banner headline . " The president said America 's "  strength and resilience " will counter people attempting to sow fear . "  Terrorists want to scare us , " he said , but "  New Yorkers go about their lives unafraid . Extremists want a war between America and Islam , but Muslims are a part of our national life , including those who serve in our Army . Adversaries want to divide us , but we are united by our support for you -- soldiers who send a clear message that this country is both the land of the free and the home of the brave . " Obama made reference to West Point 's diversity , pointing out that women in uniform are playing "  indispensable role in our national defense . " They include West Point 's No. 1 overall cadet and valedictorian , Liz Betterbed and Alex Rosenberg . Obama noted it was the first time the academy 's two top awards were earned by female cadets . "  America 's Army represents the full breadth of the American experience , " with cadets hailing from all walks of life , Obama said . The president noted that one thing that sets the cadets apart is that they "  have come together to prepare for the most difficult tests of our time " and know they are being sent into "  harm 's way . " "  And through a period when too many of our institutions have acted irresponsibly , the American military has set a standard of service and sacrifice that is as great as any in this nation 's history , " he said . Obama also stressed that economic and technological innovation "  must be a foundation of American power " and that the efforts of America 's armed forces must be complemented by effective diplomacy , world development and security . "  We need intelligence agencies that work seamlessly with their counterparts to unravel plots that run from the mountains of Pakistan to the streets of our cities ; law enforcement that can strengthen judicial systems abroad and protect us at home ; and first responders who can act swiftly in the event of earthquakes , storms and disease . " Obama said the world 's burdens can not just be America 's , and alliances that has served the United States well must be maintained , strengthened and widened . "  The international order we seek is one that can resolve the challenges of our times -- countering violent extremism and insurgency ; stopping the spread of nuclear weapons and securing nuclear materials ; combating a changing climate and sustaining global growth ; helping countries feed themselves and care for their sick ; preventing conflict and healing its wounds . "	President Obama speaks at West Point 's ninth wartime commencement Obama : Despite challenges , "  we will succeed in Afghanistan " World fight against al Qaeda "  necessary and just " Obama hails West Point milestone ; two top cadets both female
EW.com  -- Last year , in the avidly faithful but ultimately rather flat-footed screen version of "  The Hunger Games , " we saw Katniss  Jennifer Lawrence  triumph in a Survivor-meets-gladiator teen war to the death . How did the stoic archeress from District 12 win the "  Hunger Games " ? By making herself over into a lethally clever  but never murderous  scamp of the woods . Now it 's out of the frying pan and into the even hungrier games . In "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , " Katniss has become a star , a lightning-rod symbol of the early stirrings of a people 's rebellion . But she 's still the superwarrior girl next door ; she wears her rebel impulses lightly , if not politely . EW : ` Hunger Games ' coverage On a Victory Tour of the 12 districts , she and her fellow champion , Peeta  Josh Hutcherson  , have to carry on the charade that they 're in love , and the first sign of Katniss ' insurrectionary fever is that she 's not very good at faking it .  Or maybe it 's just that Hutcherson , with his captain-of-the-cricket-team geek hunkitude , is n't much of an inspiration .  As the two speak , rebel miscreants are subdued by stormtroopers , and the crowds just get angrier . So the ruling powers , led by the velvet-voiced fascist President Snow  Donald Sutherland  , figure it 's time to nip Katniss -- and the rebellion -- in the bud with the Quarter Quell , a special , once-every-25-years edition of the Games in which past winners compete against each other . In other words : It 's all badasses . Up on stage with Stanley Tucci 's purple-eyebrowed , gleaming-white-smiled Caesar -- the Ryan Seacrest of Oz -- Katniss shows off her wedding gown , and the outfit burns down to reveal a stunning black Mockingjay dress . It 's the revolution as fashion statement -- a wink to the masses watching her on TV . But in the presidential lair , Plutarch Heavensbee  Philip Seymour Hoffman  , the sinister Games designer , predicts that the blood sport to come will squelch her popularity . He smirks , " Let 's watch her get her hands dirty ! " EW : Willow Shields talks ` Catching Fire ' Yet Katniss Everdeen does not get her hands dirty . She competes in ruthless kill-or-be-killed contests using her speed and wits , but she never has to do anything too ugly or brutal -- or , for my money , too surprising . There 's a ritualistic quality to these films that 's key to their appeal , but it also limits their capacity to truly wow us . "  Catching Fire " is more energized than the first "  Hunger Games " movie ; it 's been directed , by Francis Lawrence  I Am Legend  , with a darkly sustained verve . The Quarter Quell is more openly a contest between Katniss and the Capitol powers , and in its gimmicky way it 's more gripping -- a lethal jungle fun house , with Katniss and her allies facing down a toxic fog , a vicious tribe of baboons , even the arena itself . As newcomer Johanna , Jena Malone delivers her lines with a scene-stealing screw-it-all nastiness , and Sam Claflin nails the role of the wicked-smart former champion Finnick . As for Lawrence , she more than holds her own , turning her face into a dreamy-pale Valkyrie mask . You react to every wave of sadness and fury roiling around inside Katniss , even when Katniss is n't allowed to show it . "  Catching Fire " is smoothly exciting but a bit of a tease . It gets mileage out of setting up the Quarter Quell as some ultimate Fear Factor version of Deliverance , yet there is n't a moment of real dread in it . The film also sets up Katniss , with her sizzling  in every way  costumes and goth-Cleopatra makeup , as the feral face of revolt , but the cliff-hanger finale reveals that she is , thus far , a passive agent in this revolution . Lawrence plays her as a riveting icon of girl power , but I hope that in the upcoming sequels , Katniss gets to show another dimension or two to go along with her precocious , defiant strength . Grade : B See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Katniss has become a star in "  Catching Fire " Newcomer Jena Malone as Johanna is a scene stealer The film gets mileage out of setting up the Quarter Quell
CNN  -- The National Rifle Association 's Friday press event has received almost uniformly negative reviews . Yet the speech by NRA chief Wayne LaPierre had this merit : It pulled into daylight for all to see the foundational assumption of modern American gun culture . LaPierre argued that our society is stalked by unknown numbers of monsters , potential mass murders like Adam Lanza . Then he said this : Even if we could somehow identify future Adam Lanzas , "  that would n't even begin to address the much larger and more lethal criminal class : Killers , robbers , rapists and drug gang members who have spread like cancer in every community in this country . " The "  criminal class " sentence is key . In LaPierre 's mind , the world is divided between law-abiding citizens and dangerous criminals . Citizens and criminals form two separate and discrete categories . The criminals pose a threat ; if the citizens do not go armed against the threat , they will be victimized by the threat . I know people who carry handguns with them wherever they go , and for just the reason described by LaPierre . Now let 's take a look at the real world of American gun ownership . The following incident occurred in August : "  A man was shot in the face 9 p.m. Friday in an altercation with a neighbor over barking dogs on Atlas Street , " Troy Police said . "  Police arrested David George Keats , 73 , of Troy -LSB- Michigan -RSB- and charged him with attempted murder in the incident , " according to a media release from the Troy Police Department . "  According to police , witnesses stated that the altercation began when Keats let his three dogs outside and the dogs began to bark . According to the media release , Keats ' 52-year-old next door neighbor yelled at the dogs to be quiet and kicked the fence . Keats then ran up to the victim , yelled , ` Do n't tell my dogs to shut up , ' and began shooting at the victim . "  One bullet hit the man in the face , piercing both cheeks , and four more shots were fired at the victim as he was running away , " according to the report . The encounter between Keats and his neighbor ended nonlethally only by good luck . A shot in the face is a shot to kill . The great divide on guns Nor was this encounter aberrational . There 's solid research to show that most so-called defensive gun uses are not really defensive at all . In the late 1990s , teams of researchers at the Harvard school of public health interviewed dozens of people who had wielded a gun for self-defense .  In many cases , the guns were not fired , but were simply brandished .  The researchers pressed for the fullest description of exactly what happened . They then presented the descriptions to five criminal court judges from three states . "  The judges were told to assume that the respondent had a permit to own and carry the gun and had described the event honestly from his/her own perspective . The judges were then asked to give their best guess whether , based on the respondent 's description of the incident , the respondent 's use of the gun was very likely legal , likely legal , as likely as not legal , unlikely legal , or very unlikely legal . " Even on those two highly favorable  and not very realistic  assumptions , the judges rated the majority of the self-defensive gun uses as falling into one of the two illegal categories . The researchers concluded : "  Guns are used to threaten and intimidate far more often than they are used in self-defense . Most self-reported self-defense gun uses may well be illegal and against the interests of society . " That certainly describes the Keats shooting . With a little Google searching , you can pull up dozens of similar incidents . Kurtz : Will media stay focused on gun story ? Here 's a story from just this past week , December 22 . "  Longview , Washington -- A man shot and killed his uncle during an argument at their apartment complex late Friday night . ... ` We heard a big bang , ' said Ron Nelson , who lives a few apartments down ... Nelson said the men were fighting over a hat and a cell phone . " Now that so many Americans carry weapons when they go out of the home , shooting incidents can occur anywhere , including very commonly the road . Another recent incident : In Pensacola , Florida , in October a man in a Jeep Cherokee cut off another car . A roadway confrontation followed , the two cars stopped , and the Jeep owner emerged to shoot the other driver in the knee . He was arrested this past week . In these cases , and thousands like them each and every year , it is not so clear who is the "  good guy " exercising responsible self-protection and who is the "  bad guy " who can only be deterred by an armed citizen . But the guns in their hands protected exactly nobody . They turned ordinary altercations into murderous exchanges of fire . They brought wounds , death and criminal prosecution where otherwise there would likely only have been angry words or at worst , black eyes . LaPierre 's offers a vision of American society as one unending replay of the worst scenes in Charles Bronson 's 1974 vigilante classic , "  Death Wish . " The people most victimized by this nightmare vision end up being the people who believe it -- and who carry the weapons that kill or maim their neighbors , their relatives , their spouses , and random passersby . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : NRA statement surfaced the key rationale for its views on guns NRA chief talked of battle between criminals and civilians , who use guns defensively Frum : In fact , guns are used to intimidate and threaten more often than in self-defense He says armed civilians turn ordinary altercations into murderous exchanges of fire
CNN  Officials from Russia , Ukraine and separatist groups engaged in low-level talks hours before a crucial meeting over the crisis in eastern Ukraine . In the early morning hours Wednesday , the parties gathered in Belarus with one question answered in part : Will separatist leaders whose pro-Russian forces are battling with Ukrainian soldiers for control of eastern Ukraine show up ? Video showed Denis Pushilin of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic and Vladislav Deinego of the Luhansk People 's Republic at the talks speaking with reporters . Monitors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe also attended the preliminary meeting . If a peace deal is to be reached , leaders involved in the talks still have a long road before a lasting agreement is reached , CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Minsk . Later in the day , the leaders of France and Germany hope to bring together Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Ukrainian counterpart , Petro Poroshenko , on Wednesday in the capital of Belarus . U.S. President Barack Obama called Putin on Tuesday and urged him to seize the opportunity for peace , the White House said . "  The President emphasized the importance of reaching and implementing a negotiated settlement underpinned by the commitments in the  prior  Minsk agreement . However , if Russia continues its aggressive actions in Ukraine , including by sending troops , weapons and financing to support the separatists , the costs for Russia will rise , " the White House said . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Monday that European diplomats were making "  one further effort " at negotiating a deal to resolve the crisis . In an interview with Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Russia was "  really interested in a peaceful settlement of the crisis in Ukraine . " He said other Western proposals , such as imposing more sanctions against Russian interests , isolating Russia or the possible arming of Ukrainian forces , would only destabilize the situation . The European Union 's Foreign Affairs Council agreed on additional sanctions Monday against Russian and separatist interests but said their implementation would be delayed for a week to "  give space for current diplomatic efforts . " Meanwhile , fighting continued in eastern Ukraine 's Donetsk and Luhansk regions , with the strategically important town of Debaltseve under fire and deadly shelling reported in the town of Kramatorsk . What 's next in conflict ? A spokesman for the government 's military operation against the separatists , Vladislav Seleznyov , told a media briefing that the militants were consistently shelling Debaltseve -- and that it 's currently the most dangerous place in the country . "  The city infrastructure is increasingly devastated , " he said . "  Ukrainian armed forces are holding their lines of defense and are not going to leave their positions . " Seven Ukrainian soldiers were killed and 23 injured overnight , he said . Eduard Basurin , deputy defense minister of the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic , said fighting for the town continued . A day earlier , Basurin said the separatist forces had Debaltseve "  entirely surrounded . " About 55 miles  89 kilometers  to the northwest , shelling in Kramatorsk killed 12 civilians and injured 35 , including at least five children , the Kiev-backed Donetsk regional authority said . Kramatorsk , deep inside Ukrainian-held territory , is the location of the main base for the government 's military operation against the separatists , which it calls the anti-terrorist operation , or ATO . Thirty-two Ukrainian military personnel were injured in shelling on the base 's airfield , according to Donetsk regional health care authorities . The official Facebook page for the ATO said cluster bombs were used to shell the airfield at lunchtime . ATO spokesman Alexander Motuzyanyk said that these munitions are not used by Ukraine 's military . Each side has accused the other of shelling civilian areas in the course of the conflict . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe 's monitoring mission in Ukraine last week reported evidence of the use of cluster munitions in separatist-controlled Luhansk city . Cluster bombs are banned by many states because of their deadly impact on civilians . The main points of negotiations of the so-called Normandy group -- the leaders of France , Germany , Russia and Ukraine -- would be the withdrawal of heavy weapons , the creation of a demilitarized zone and the beginning of a permanent dialogue between Kiev and the Donbas area , which comprises Luhansk and Donetsk , RIA Novsoti quoted a diplomatic source at the talks as saying . The big challenge facing Putin , Poroshenko , Merkel and French President Francois Hollande in Minsk is whether they can reach a peace agreement that will stick . A peace agreement was signed in September in Minsk . It called for a drawback of heavy weapons , self rule in the eastern regions and a buffer zone to be set up along the Russia-Ukraine border . But the agreement quickly disintegrated , and the violence continued . The new plan envisions a much broader demilitarized zone to run along the current front lines . Russia has steadfastly denied accusations that it is sending forces and weapons into Ukraine . But top Western and Ukrainian leaders have said there is n't any doubt that Russia is behind surging violence and separatists ' efforts to take over territory in eastern Ukraine . Merkel in the middle of a U.S.-Russia standoff As the time for crunch talks to begin approached , questions remain over apparent differences between European leaders and the United States about whether to arm the Ukrainian government forces . Even as they tried to present a unified front at a media briefing Monday , it was clear that it 's an area where Obama and Merkel do n't quite see eye to eye . Obama said he has n't decided yet whether to send arms to Ukrainian forces defending their country against Russian-backed separatists , and he has n't set a deadline for when he will . But he insists it 's an option that should be considered if diplomacy fails . Any weapons the United States sends would not be meant to help Ukraine defeat the Russian army in an all-out battle , Obama said , but "  simply to defend itself . " Merkel favors a different approach . "  I 've always said I do n't see a military solution to this conflict , " she said . "  We have to put all our efforts in bringing about a diplomatic solution . " Both Obama and Merkel stressed the importance of working together . If the Minsk talks fail , U.S. lawmakers will probably ratchet up pressure on Obama to send weapons to Ukraine . All the while , the crisis in Ukraine , which stemmed from a trade agreement , has killed more than 5,000 people , including many civilians , and forced more than 1.5 million from their homes , according to the United Nations . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Alla Eshchenko , Frederik Pleitgen , Catherine Shoichet , Khushbu Shah , Matthew Chance , Radina Gigova , Emma Burrows and journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev , Ukraine , contributed to this report .	Separatist leaders gather with Ukrainian and Russian officials before peace talks officially kick off President Barack Obama calls Vladimir Putin , urges him to seize opportunity for peace Seven civilians have been killed in Kramatorsk shelling , Kiev-backed Donetsk authorities say
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Wounded Syrians streamed across the Turkish border seeking first aid Wednesday after a car bombing in a border town that 's become a battleground in the fight between Syrian rebel factions . The blast in the Syrian town of Jarablus shook windows about a kilometer away in the Turkish village of Karkamis , said Selami Yilmaz , a Karkamis resident . "  We do n't even have enough ambulances to keep up with how many wounded are coming across , " Yilmaz told CNN . He said he has lent his car to authorities to help get the wounded to hospitals . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the car bomb exploded near a cultural center controlled by fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . That al Qaeda-linked force has taken control of much of northern Syria amid that country 's bloody civil war . The Syrian Observatory said heavy clashes were still going on in Jarablus . Haunting images of Syria 's abandoned homes ISIS , which has also taken control of parts of western Iraq , has attempted to impose strict Islamic law in towns where it holds sway . Rebel troops who had been battling forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad launched an effort to push back the Islamists two weeks ago , but that offensive appears to have faltered after hundreds of deaths on both sides , observers report . Yilmaz said the Free Syrian Army , the leading Western-backed rebel force , has been losing ground in Jarablus . Dozens of its fighters have fled amid intense fighting , while wounded FSA troops have been pouring across the border into Turkey for treatment . Palestinian refugees starving to death in Syrian camp Human rights groups reported 183 deaths across Syria on Tuesday alone , all but 40 of them combatants on one side or the other . Heavy fighting between ISIS and rebel factions was under way around Aleppo , Syria 's largest city , as well as the ISIS-held city of Raqqa and the border town of Saraqeb , where a Belgian man who had become the regional ISIS "  emir " was among the dead , the Syrian Observatory reported . The group also said ISIS executed two civilians from a Kurdish village last week after they left their homes to buy bread in a nearby city . Their bodies were found with their hands tied behind their backs "  and marks from torture evident on their bodies , " the London-based organization reported . CNN can not independently verify daily death tolls , but the United Nations has said more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since the revolt against al-Assad began in 2011 . U.S. announces $ 380 million in humanitarian assistance for Syria CNN 's Raja Razek in Beirut contributed to this report .	"  We do n't even have enough ambulances , " Turkish villager says Heavy fighting between Syrian rebels , Islamic militants reported in several cities An Islamist commander was reported killed in one of those clashes , rights group says
Tokyo  CNN  -- Radioactive iodine in seawater around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant dropped sharply even before workers plugged a water leak believed to be from its crippled No. 2 reactor , the plant 's owner said Wednesday night . Stopping the flow of highly radioactive water into the Pacific Ocean was a key victory for workers who have struggled to keep the earthquake-damaged plant 's reactors from overheating for nearly four weeks . But the Tokyo Electric Power Co. and a top Japanese official warned the fight was far from over . Concentrations of iodine-131 had been as high as 7.5 million times legal standards in water directly behind the plant after the leak was discovered Saturday . They had dropped to less than 4 percent of that amount in the 24 hours before the leak had been cut off Wednesday morning , according to figures released by Tokyo Electric . The level remained 280,000 times higher than the legal limit , but those concentrations were dropping sharply as the water flowed out into the Pacific . Levels of longer-lived cesium-137 were down sharply as well but remained 61,000 times the legal standard , according to Tokyo Electric 's water sampling data . Samples from a monitoring point 20 kilometers  12.5 miles  southeast of the plant found iodine-131 levels down to 1.5 times legal levels , with no reading for cesium . Japanese authorities said they believe the leaking water was part of the 8 metric tons  2,100 gallons  per hour being pumped in the No. 2 reactor , one of three that suffered core damage after the massive earthquake that struck northern Japan on March 11 . The water has been leaking into the basement of the unit 's turbine plant , carrying with it radioactive particles that are the byproduct of nuclear reactors . Until Wednesday , the fluid was pouring into the ocean from a cracked concrete shaft near the turbine plant 's water intake . Workers managed to use a silica-based polymer dubbed "  liquid glass " to seal the breach Wednesday morning , but the Japanese government 's top spokesman on the crisis said government and utility officials had other problems . "  Is it completely stopped ? Are there any other areas where  radioactive  water is being released ? " said Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano , the spokesman . "  We can not be optimistic , just because we were able to plug this one . " Hidehiko Nishiyama of Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said the now-contained water "  may lead to more leakage somewhere else . " Tokyo Electric began pumping nonflammable nitrogen into the primary containment vessel around reactor No. 1 early Thursday in what it said was a precautionary measure to counteract a possible buildup of hydrogen . "  The possibility of a hydrogen explosion is extremely low , " the company announced Wednesday night . "  But more hydrogen could eventually develop in the containment vessel . " Hydrogen buildup is a symptom of overheating fuel rods and can cause explosions like the spectacular blasts that blew the roofs off the No 1 and No. 3 reactor buildings in the days after the March 11 earthquake . But Tokyo Electric said it did not believe an explosion was imminent . The radioactive cores of units 1-3 were damaged when the tsunami that followed the earthquake flooded the plant , knocking out power to its coolant systems and disabling backup generators needed to restore electricity . Engineers responded by pumping water into the reactors from outside to stave off a feared meltdown , but they are now struggling with what to do with thousands of tons of now-contaminated liquid . Since Monday night , the plant has been discharging nearly 10,000 tons of less radioactive water into the ocean , largely to make room in a waste treatment reservoir for the supercharged coolant leaking from the No. 2 reactor . "  Right now they have no systems available to them for processing liquid rad waste , and they 're generating liquid rad waste at the rate of about 400,000 gallons a day , " said Michael Friedlander , a former nuclear power plant operator . "  So without any doubt whatsoever , if they do n't put in place some systems to handle this , they are going to have to continue dumping the water into the ocean . " Tokyo Electric had released about three-quarters of the water -- which also came from the subdrains below reactors 5 and 6 -- by Wednesday night and had reduced its estimate of how much was being dumped from the treatment facility . But the discharge , which Japanese officials called an emergency measure , drew protests from neighboring South Korea and enraged the country 's fishermen . Edano said Wednesday that the move was "  unavoidable " and would minimize harm to the environment . But he told reporters , "  We should have reported  more information  to the people who may be concerned , especially to the neighboring countries . " "  It was a measure to prevent more serious marine contamination , but we needed to explain the reasoning better , " he said . Members of Japan 's fishery association voiced their ire in a Wednesday morning meeting with Tokyo Electric officials , complaining that they had argued against the measure beforehand and were not told until later that the process would begin . Edano said the Japanese government is considering "  provisional compensation " to give a more immediate boost to fishermen , ahead of a more final payment plan that may be established in the future . Experts have said the releases likely wo n't pose any long-term health risks to humans or sea life . It also helps that most of the radiatioactive particles detected are iodine-131 , which loses half its radiation every eight days . The emergency discharge equates to about five swimming pools , compared to "  about 300 trillion swimming pools of water " that fill the Pacific Ocean , said Timothy Jorgensen , chairman of the radiation safety committee at Georgetown University Medical Center . "  So hopefully the churning of the ocean and the currents will quickly disperse this so that it gets to very dilute concentrations relatively quickly . " After a tumultuous first few weeks , utility and government officials have described conditions recently in the plant 's reactors and spent nuclear fuel pools as generally stable . Levels of airborne radiation nearby and further away , meanwhile , steadily have been declining . Still , the existence of significant amounts of collected radioactive water around the facility suggests that there may be other leaks -- and other problems . Hiroo Saso , Susan Olson and Tsukushi Ikeda contributed to this report for CNN	Seawater radioactivity levels drop sharply in new tests Nitrogen being injected into Unit 1 due to hydrogen buildup One leak of highly radioactive water , from Unit No. 2 , into the Pacific Ocean has been stopped But an official says , "  We can not be optimistic , just because we were able to plug this one "
CNN  -- It 's a horrifying case that officials described as heinous and troubling . Three suspects were arrested Tuesday and accused of forced labor for allegedly holding a woman and her daughter captive for more than a year in Ashland , Ohio . A federal prosecutor described it as modern-day slavery . An FBI agent 's affidavit filed in an Ohio federal court this week provided details about some of accusations that suspects Jordie Callahan , Jessica Hunt and Daniel Brown are facing . Attorneys for Hunt and Brown could not be immediately reached for comment . An attorney for Callahan told CNN affiliate WOIO that the accusations are ludicrous . And Callahan 's mother told CNN that the accusations are false . Here are several excerpts from Special Agent Michael S. Sirohman 's affidavit , which identifies the mother as "  S.E. " and calls her 6-year-old daughter "  juvenile victim : " -- "  S.E. advised law enforcement that Hunt and Callahan made S.E. care for their iguanas and numerous pit bulls , clean the house , do laundry , do yard work , and walk to the store to do their shopping . " -- "  Brown advised law enforcement that he instructed S.E. to hit juvenile victim and that Callahan , Hunt and Brown then used their cell phones to record the screen of the baby monitor as they watched S.E. hit juvenile victim on the monitor . " -- "  S.E. recounted a time when she and juvenile victim had not eaten all day , and Callahan got a plate of food and gave it to the dog , rather than letting them eat . " -- "  Witness # 4 advised law enforcement that he had seen Callahan point guns at S.E. 's head and say he -LSB- Callahan -RSB- would shoot S.E. Witness # 4 said he was sure S.E. was terrified . " -- "  S.E. advised law enforcement that the door to that room was tied closed during the day to keep juvenile victim from getting into the family 's food while S.E. cleaned . S.E. further advised that at night , the door to this room was padlocked to keep S.E. and juvenile victim from escaping . S.E. advised that Callahan and Hunt ordered them to look at the camera in their room and ask to be let out to use the bathroom . " -- "  Witness # 3 advised law enforcement that he saw Hunt drag S.E. down the stairs from S.E. 's room by S.E. 's hair and Hunt held S.E. 's face down by a mess made by one of Hunt and Callahan 's pit bulls . Witness # 3 advised that Hunt was swearing at S.E. and telling S.E. to clean up the dog urine  and  feces . " -- "  S.E. told law enforcement that Callahan and Hunt would bind up juvenile victim with rope or tape to prevent juvenile victim from getting into Hunt and Callahan 's food or getting something to drink . ... S.E. stated that on multiple occasions , she tried to remove the bindings from her daughter , but Hunt and Callahan were watching S.E. on the video monitor and one of Hunt 's sons would come up to the room and tell S.E. to leave the juvenile victim bound . " -- "  Witness # 5 told law enforcement that he had visited Hunt and Callahan 's apartment on multiple occasions to buy drugs . Witness # 5 advised law enforcement that Callahan 's snake collection included a poisonous coral snake , a ball python , and a Burmese python that weighed approximately 130 pounds . Witness # 5 said he saw Callahan put snakes on S.E. and put snakes in juvenile victim 's face and that juvenile victim would get scared and cry . " -- "  S.E. advised law enforcement that she was not allowed to feed juvenile victim or give juvenile victim anything to drink without obtaining permission from Callahan and Hunt , and that it would regularly be after 8:00 p.m. before S.E. was allowed to feed juvenile victim . S.E. said there were times the pit bull dogs were fed the leftovers instead of S.E. and juvenile victim . S.E. said that S.E. was not able to feed fruit or vegetables to her daughter , but Callahan and Hunt ordered her to feed fruits and vegetables to the iguana that freely roamed in S.E. and juvenile victim 's bedroom . "	In an affidavit , an FBI agent details accusations in an Ohio forced labor case A mother and her daughter were held captive and repeatedly threatened , the affidavit says The mother tells investigators pit bulls got leftovers while she and her daughter went hungry One witness says he saw a suspect point guns at the mother 's head
The July heat wave that wilted crops , shriveled rivers and fueled wildfires officially went into the books Wednesday as the hottest single month on record for the continental United States . The average temperature across the Lower 48 was 77.6 degrees Fahrenheit , 3.3 degrees above the 20th-century average , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported . That edged out the previous high mark , set in 1936 , by two-tenths of a degree , NOAA said . In addition , the seven months of 2012 to date are the warmest of any year on record and were drier than average as well , NOAA said . U.S. forecasters started keeping records in 1895 . Animated map : U.S. drought in 2012 And the past 12 months have been the warmest of any such period on record , topping a mark set between July 2011 and this past June . Every U.S. state except Washington experienced warmer-than-average temperatures , NOAA reported . The high temperatures have contributed to a "  rapid expansion " of drought across the central United States , NOAA found . Dozens of cities and towns already have seen the mercury hit record levels this summer , and three states -- Nebraska , Kansas and Arkansas -- saw record dry conditions between May and July . That 's battered American farmers ' corn and soybean crops , driven farmers to sell or slaughter cattle they ca n't feed and spurred the U.S. Department of Agriculture to designate more than half of all U.S. counties as disaster zones . Think it 's hot ? Imagine living here NASA scientist links climate change , extreme weather Past 12 months warmest ever recorded in U.S.	July 's average U.S. temperature topped 20th-century average by more than 3 degrees The first seven months of 2012 are the warmest since record-keeping started in 1895 , NOAA says The high temperatures have contributed to a drought that has battered farmers
CNN  -- Afghanistan and several African nations are the most at risk to have a food shortage , an organization that works with the United Nations said in a report Thursday . Afghanistan was named as the country with the most vulnerable food supply , according to the study by Maplecroft , a British-based research agency . After Afghanistan , African nations were on the rest of the top 10 list . In order , the next were the Democratic Republic of Congo , Burundi , Eritrea , Sudan , Ethiopia , Angola , Liberia , Chad and Zimbabwe . In all , African nations were 36 of the top 50 on the list . "  Sub-Saharan Africa is particularly vulnerable to food insecurity because of the frequency of extreme weather events , high rates of poverty and failing infrastructures , " the organization said . Maplecroft said it worked with the U.N. 's World Food Programme to develop the criteria to judge 163 countries . The group came up with 12 categories to help make evaluations . Those categories included the nutritional and health status of populations , cereal production and imports , Gross Domestic Product per capita , natural disasters , conflict and the effectiveness of government , the group said . The United States was ranked No. 158 . Finland got the best rank and was considered least at risk .	Group works with the United Nations 36 African nations rank in the top 50 in peril , group says Finland gets the best rank , considered least at risk
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- Bolly is working the streets , watching clubbers spill from one bar to the next when he spots his next mark -- two westerners in one of Manila 's most notorious areas . It 's a little after 10pm when Bolly sees me and my cameraman -- though he does n't have a camera visible with us on this night -- rolling out of a sports bar known for its bounty of women offering ` companionship ' in Edsa , Manila 's unofficial red light district . He strides over quickly , waving a little white flier in our faces . The street is teeming with people after an evening rain . Pedestrians dodge neon-bathed puddles while darting behind and between passing cars . On the sidewalk , several homeless families have bedded down on cardboard for the night . On the block ahead , we see teams of girls in tight-fitting cocktail dresses and school girl uniforms standing in front of karaoke bars , calling out to western businessmen to come inside and join them for a little fun . "  Hello friends . Where are you going ? " Bolly says . "  I know where there lots of girls . Cheap drinks . This way , " he says , thrusting the pamphlet into our hands . Bolly is a recruiter for a number of nightclubs in the area . "  We are looking for young , pretty girls " my cameraman asks , playing the part . "  Where can we find them ? " Bolly grins broadly . "  OK . I take you . " We make small talk as Bolly happily walks us the several blocks to the first bar . My photographer and I do n't tell our new friend that we 're actually working at the moment ; on the lookout for evidence of forced prostitution or children being sold for sex . It 's part of the two year-long investigation CNN embarked on as part of its Freedom Project , an initiative to help the battle against modern-day slavery . It 's estimated 800,000 people are involved in prostitution in the Philippines . The government and NGO estimates on the number of women trafficked range from 300,000 to 400,000 and the number of children trafficked range from 60,000 to 100,000 . Click here to get full infographic on human trafficking in the Philippines We follow Bolly down the street , until we come upon a little door guarded by a large bouncer . He opens the door and our eyes struggle to accept the flood of pink fluorescent light bathing the room . Katy Perry 's "  Teenage Dream " blares from unseen speakers . Along the wall a dozen girls seated in a row stare at the newcomers . A few wave hello , most look bored . They 're not drinking . Not really even talking . Just sitting and waiting to be selected . A few red plastic tables are scattered around the room , each decorated by a single man sitting and drinking . One man has a girl he 's chosen sitting beside him . She 's kissing the lobe of his ear . There are no empty tables left , so the manager puts us on the side of the L-side couch , opposite the girls . It feels a little like it 's an adolescent school dance , with everyone waiting for someone else to make the first move . I struggle for a place to look away from the gaze of the girls and cast my eyes to the ground . A cockroach skitters around the legs of the tables and chairs and patrons ' feet . The manager is behind the bar , getting us beers . She sees me looking at the cockroach and laughs from across the room . "  Our pet , " she says . The girls giggle , somewhat embarrassed . I force a smile , but another patron , who had n't heard the quip gets up from his chair and smashed his shoe down on the husky insect . The girls groan and the manager pretends to cry . This is too weird . Time to go . My photographer and I race through our San Miguel Lights and leave . Bolly is there outside the door . He leads us through a labyrinth of roads and alleys . Fifteen minutes later , near the Manila port , we arrive at a strip club . We 're seated near the front of the stage , where two girls sway in a bored dance . This time instead of the girls sitting in a line , the manager brings them to us . More than a dozen girls in skimpy cocktail dresses line up in front of us . The manager shines a flashlight across each of their faces . He tells us to select one . "  No , that 's okay . I do n't want one , " my photographer says . In the back , smaller than the others , I see a young girl , hiding behind the others . I ca n't tell if she 's frightened or uninterested . "  Her . " The other girls part way . She hesitantly makes her way to sit beside me . She orders an ice tea . When the bill arrives , we 'll find out it cost us $ 22 . How old are you ? I ask "  18 , " she says . "  Really ? You look younger . " She does n't budge . "  18 , " "  Do you like working here ? " She looks forlornly at the stage . "  Yes . " How long have you been working ? "  Three months . " Despite our best efforts , she has no interest in giving up information to two white strangers . Read what girls rescued from trafficking say We decide to leave and end up getting into an argument with the manager . The bill for two beers and an iced tea comes to $ 83 dollars . But carrying undercover camera equipment , and because of the size and number of security guards , we only offer a half-hearted protest . We would go to several other bars and speak to a number of women working in the sex industry . Some seemed to enjoy their work , but most said it was a sort of last resort . They had children at home they have to feed and they had n't been able to find any other work . Still , it 's important to note , no one we spoke with said they were being forced to do this work by another person despite our suspicions and their youthful looks . Often , skeptics of the modern slavery issue will point to a story like this as proof that it does n't exist , or that the problem is overblown . But the absence of evidence is not evidence of its absence and the simple fact is ; it is very hard to get deep enough into an underground criminal culture to find evidence of trafficking , especially in a single night . It 's equally difficult to convince a person who may be in that situation that it is safe and wise to speak openly with a foreigner . In filming the documentary , "  The Fighters , " we witnessed the hard work of the Filipino government 's Inter-Agency Council Against Trafficking , honest police officers and anti-slavery organizations like the Visayan Forum and International Justice Mission . They are working to ensure that jaunts like the one we attempted are n't successful , not only for a night , but for good .	In Manila 's unofficial red light district , scantily-clad young girls are everywhere CNN undercover reporters asked to choose from a line up of girls Police and anti-traffickers say sex industry is major destination for trafficked girls Some estimates say up to 100,000 children are trafficked into the Philippines ' sex trade
CNN  -- A Miami-Dade police officer on vacation in Puerto Rico was shot and killed Thursday morning , as was his sister who was with him , authorities said . Juan Aviles Otero , 34 , a Miami-Dade police officer since 2006 , and his sister , Jasmin Plaza Otero , 21 , were found dead from multiple gunshot wounds about 3:10 a.m. in the Puerto Rican town of Villalba , according to Agent Angel Feliciano-Torres , director of homicide investigations for the municipality of Ponce , which includes Villalba . "  When the forensics team arrived at the scene , they verified that on the body of Juan Aviles they found three little bags with white powder , " Feliciano-Torres said . Investigators did not immediately determine what the powder was but the substance will be analyzed , he added . Such "  little baggies " are often used to distribute drugs , Feliciano-Torres said . The two victims were driving a rental car from San Juan , about an hour away from where the bodies were found . Aviles was found inside the car and his sister was found dead just outside the car door . The bodies were transferred to the medical examiner , Feliciano-Torres said . Miami police confirmed the slaying of the officer , with police Director James K. Loftus saying in a statement that Aviles "  was murdered in the early hours ... from apparent gun shot wounds in Villalba , Puerto Rico . " CNN Miami affiliate WSVN reported that Aviles ' wife , also a police officer , recently gave birth to twins .	Juan Aviles had been a Miami-Dade officer since 2006 He and his sister were found shot to death in Puerto Rico An investigator says "  three little bags with white powder " were found on Aviles A Miami police official says the officer was "  murdered "
EW.com  -- Identity Thief  CinemaScore : B  fared even better than expected , bringing in $ 36.6 million over the weekend across 3,141 theaters . For comparison , Melissa McCarthy 's last major film Bridesmaids  though it was in a supporting role  opened at $ 26.2 million , in 2,918 theaters . With an opening like this , big things are surely expected from Seth Gordon 's R-rated comedy which has already surpassed its $ 35 million production budget . Though Bateman and Gordon had a successful run with Horrible Bosses after a $ 28.3 million opening weekend in July 2011 , Bateman has n't had this kind of luck with most of his starring roles . Universal 's The Change-Up  with Ryan Reynolds  opened at $ 13.5 million in August 2011 and went on to gross only $ 37.1 million domestically , on a $ 52 million production budget . Jonathan Levine 's Warm Bodies took second place for its second weekend with $ 11.5 million , bringing its domestic total to $ 36.7 million . This breaks Levine 's record , beating the lifetime domestic gross of his last feature , the cancer dramedy 50/50 with Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon-Levitt , which brought in $ 35 million . The R-rated Hitchcock-style , prescription-drug thriller Side Effects  CinemaScore : B  ended up beating director Steven Soderbergh 's January 2012 weekend opening of Haywire , earning $ 10 million weekend this weekend and averaging $ 3,845 per theater . We talked a little bit about stars Rooney Mara and Channing Tatum 's box office history yesterday . Another star of Side Effects is Jude Law , and he 's got a varied track record at the box office . He generally participates in ensemble casts -- Anna Karenina , the Sherlock Holmes franchise , Soderbergh 's Contagion , The Holiday -- making his singular box office appeal somewhat more elusive . Side Effects has Soderbergh 's name and another strong ensemble , and could go on to a respectable run , even though it wo n't reach Contagion heights  the epidemic thriller eventually grossed $ 76 million  . EW reviews : ` Identity Thief ' Rounding out the top five are Silver Linings Playbook and Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters . The Academy Award-nominated Silver Linings Playbook is now at a cool $ 90 million domestically . The Weinstein Company 's $ 21 million David O. Russell feature is steadily on its way to becoming a $ 100 million movie . This would be a first for Russell whose The Fighter came close with $ 93.6 million in domestic grosses . The $ 83 million Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters came in fifth place this weekend with $ 5.8 million , bumping its domestic total to $ 43.8 million . Notably , the Jeremy Renner vehicle is doing quite well overseas with $ 84 million . 1 . Identity Thief -- $ 36.6 million 2 . Warm Bodies -- $ 11.5 million 3 . Side Effects -- $ 10 million 4 . Silver Linings Playbook -- $ 6.9 million 5 . Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters -- $ 5.8 million EW reviews : ` Side Effects ' Top Gun 3D also opened in 300 theaters to a $ 1.9 million weekend , and awards favorite Argo expanded its release to bring in $ 2.5 million , bumping its domestic total to $ 123.7 million . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Identity Thief " scored $ 36.6 million in its opening weekend In comparison , McCarthy 's last major film "  Bridesmaids " opened at $ 26.2 million "  Warm Bodies " took second place
Myanmar  CNN  -- When Nyein Chan Aung sold his house in Yangon recently he faced a dilemma -- what do to with the proceeds . Did he he take his cash to the bank or keep it at home ? He compromised . A third went to the bank , the rest stayed where he lives . In fact , the only reason he deposited anything at all was fear of a house fire . Read more : Looking for transformation in Myanmar This is banking in Myanmar , circa 2013 . An outdated and debased system , open for decades to abuse by the previous regime , and shunned by about 90 % of the population . People here completely bypass the banks and keep their money at home . It 's the closest thing you 'll find to a total cash economy anywhere in the world . Read more : Change in Myanmar , the market view The Myanmar government has made fixing the banking system a priority but a quick visit to any branch reveals the size of the problem they face . It 's an extraordinary scene : Teller counters and the office tables are literally overflowing with cash . Bricks of the stuff , tied in bundles of a thousand notes balancing precariously on top of each other or littering the floor in large untidy piles . And customers bring in more in bulging shopping bags , while security guards wheel in white rice bags with still more bundles of kyat , as the local currency is known . Myanmar is still working on a real credit system and ATM machines are a relatively new development -- if they work . Like most businesses in the city and the towns , frequent blackouts means the systems shut down . I tried three ATMs over the course of a day . None worked . Read more : 11 things to know before visiting Myanmar But it goes much deeper than that . The banking system we take for granted in most countries -- easy loans , financial products , interbank operations , credit -- they 're all virtually non existent here . There is no proper corporate banking . Businesses can not get loan repayment plans of longer than one year . True , they are rolled over but it means the central plank for corporate borrowing -- a realistic repayment schedule -- does n't exist . Bank managers still have to telephone the central bank at the end of each trading day to tell them what the balance in the books is . There is now a banking law before parliament and until that is approved , thorough root-and-branch reform can not take place . And even when it does , the banks have to overcome enormous mistrust in the system , built up over two generations of mis-management . People here highly suspicious of banks . One clear sign of change is that credit cards are becoming more common , but only by Visa and Mastercard . No local issuer yet . Visa plans to issue pre-paid credit cards by the end of this year . It 's a small step , but for Myanmar a small step in the right direction is critical as it gets ready to be part of a global integrated financial system .	People here completely bypass the banks and keep their money at home Teller counters and the office tables are literally overflowing with cash One clear sign of change is that credit cards are becoming more common Myanmar is getting ready to be part of a global integrated financial system
Berlin  Financial Times  -- The Greek parliament has approved controversial reforms of the civil service and tax administration , opening the way for mass dismissals of state employees in return for a $ 6.8 bn aid disbursement by international lenders . The legislation was passed in the early hours of Thursday after the governing coalition secured a narrow majority in 15 separate votes on key clauses in the bill . The centre-right New Democracy party and Pan-Hellenic Socialist Movement  Pasok  together control 155 seats out of 300 , but won support from independents in several of the votes . One Pasok legislator broke ranks , voting against the axing of the 3,500-strong municipal police force . Protesters gathered outside parliament as voting took place , shouting anti-austerity slogans and calling for the government to resign . Earlier , legislators from Syriza , the main leftwing opposition party , which has pledged to boost state employment if it comes to power , joined the demonstrators in a show of solidarity . Among the protesters were teachers at vocational training institutes , school guards and municipal police officers who will be transferred to a special "  mobility reserve " on reduced pay and given eight months to find another job in the public sector or face dismissal . The governing coalition is committed to sacking 15,000 civil servants by the end of 2014 under the bailout terms . The legislation was passed hours before Wolfgang Schäuble , the German finance minister , was due in Athens on a one-day visit to show confidence and urge the government to stay the course on structural reform . The vote came after the governing coalition made last-minute changes to the 108-clause bill to prevent defections by dissident lawmakers . Yannis Stournaras , the finance minister , agreed to suspend payment of $ 80m in compensation for 2,600 workers who were sacked at the state broadcaster ERT last month , following complaints by a rightwing faction in New Democracy . "  We ca n't accept this level of payouts when we have cut the pensions of farmers -LSB- who receive the lowest state pension -RSB- , " said Makis Voridis , a rightwing legislator . Earlier , Antonis Samaras , prime minister , announced the EU and International Monetary Fund had agreed to a temporary cut in value added tax on restaurants , cafés and bars from 23 per cent to 13 per cent from August 1 in response to a longstanding Greek request aimed at boosting the tourist industry . The cuts would become permanent if , as the finance ministry argues , VAT revenues show a marked improvement . "  Our problems certainly have n't been resolved but ... for the first time we 've achieved some positive changes , " Mr Samaras said . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	State employees face massive dismissal in wake of Greece 's reform on civil service Protesters gathered outside parliament , calling for government to resign The governing coalition is committed to sacking 15,000 civil servants by the end of 2014 under the bailout terms
Jerusalem  CNN  After a bitter campaign , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is claiming victory as his main rival Isaac Herzog concedes . Many questions linger about exactly what this means for U.S.-Israeli relations and Israel 's standing in the Middle East . CNN global affairs correspondent Elise Labott has been covering the Israel election in depth and took to Facebook to answer your questions about the election . Here are five highlights from the chat : 1  How did the race go from exit polls saying it was a neck-and-neck race to Netanyahu claiming victory within a matter of hours ? I know , right ? It 's a great mystery as to how the exit polls got it so wrong . There 's one pollster here in Israel named Avi Degani who predicted that Netanyahu would win all along . He said that the polls here in Israel rely too heavily on modern methodology and are n't really suitable for people outside city centers like Tel Aviv . There 's also the question of whether Netanyahu gained more seats because of the 11th-hour push to the right . Part of the explanation is that he cannibalized votes from the other right-wing parties . Also worth noting that Israeli elections always have surprises . In the last election , no one predicted the amazing turnout for Yair Lapid , whose Yesh Atid party won 19 seats . This time , he only won around 11 . Why were the election polls so wrong ? 2  What does Netanyahu have planned for his next term ? That 's the $ 6 million question . The Obama administration was waiting for the election to be over to see who they would be dealing with . They knew even if Prime Minister Netanyahu won re-election , they would need to re-engage with him . I think both sides realize that the U.S.-Israeli relationship is too important to continue as it has been . But I think the tone Prime Minister Netanyahu sets now will dictate how the White House deals with him . Opinion : Will Netanyahu win seal Iran deal ? 3  What is Netanyahu 's plan regarding the Israeli-Palestinian conflict ? In the final days before the election , Prime Minister Netanyahu made a big push to energize his right-wing base . He promised that there would not be a Palestinian state under his watch , backtracking from a commitment he made in 2009 for a two-state solution . Now the right wing that helped keep him in office is going to be looking for him to deliver on his campaign pledge . It 's not encouraging . Now that he has a new mandate , perhaps he will feel more confident to explore possibilities with Palestinians . However the unilateral moves Palestinians have taken since the collapse of peace talks last summer does n't give him much encouragement either . 4  Was Netanyahu 's statement about not recognizing a Palestinian state a political move to get votes , or a true ideal he wants to hold up ? It 's a great question that nobody knows the answer to just yet . Even the Netanyahu camp would admit that they made a conscious effort to reach out to right-wing voters , many of whom do not want to see a Palestinian state . For many years Netanyahu has at least agreed to negotiate with the Palestinians , even if sometimes actions like continued settlement activity call into question his true commitment . It remains to be seen whether Netanyahu considers his re-election as a mandate from the right to govern in this hard-line way or whether he will try to soften these hard-line positions . In the hard-line way is how he appeared in the final days of the campaign . 5  As an American , what impact do the Israeli election results have on me ? In other words , why do I need to care ? I think Israel is a very important ally of the United States in a region where there is a hell of a lot of turmoil . The U.S. looks to Israel as a stable democracy with whom it shares , for the most part , similar values and interests . Clearly the relationship between Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Obama has soured the ties between the two nations . Whether the two leaders can repair the relationship now that Netanyahu has been re-elected will , in large part , dictate how they work together . As an American , whether the U.S. has a friend in this volatile region does impact our national security . Read the full chat :	CNN 's Elise Labott holds Facebook chat about Israeli election results She answers questions about why polls were wrong , why Americans should care
A team in Oklahoma that prepared condemned murderer Clayton Lockett for execution in April failed to set a properly functioning I-V in his leg , according to preliminary findings of an independent autopsy released on Friday . The review was conducted by forensic pathologist Dr. Joseph Cohen in May and funded by Lockett 's lawyers . Lockett 's attempted execution occurred at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester . He died from an apparent heart attack 43 minutes after the execution began . The autopsy was conducted separately from a formal state investigation . Outside examinations are common in certain cases . Documents : Not enough drugs left to finish botched Oklahoma execution Oklahoma court grants stay after botched execution Tennessee to use electric chair when lethal drugs unavailable Appeals court stays Texas execution after intellectual disability claim	Autopsy funded by inmates lawyer says IV improperly set The lethal injection was botched and Clayton Lockett died 43 minutes later The April fiasco in Oklahoma is under formal investigation
New Zealand maxi Alfa Romeo eased to victory in the 65th annual Sydney to Hobart ocean yacht race on Monday . Skippered by Neville Crichton , Alfa Romeo crossed the finish of the 628-mile race ahead of favorite Australian maxi Wild Oats XI . Alfa Romeo had led since they left Sydney Harbor on Saturday and was not threatened during its two days , nine hours and two minutes at sea . Australian maxi Wild Oats XI finished 16 nautical miles behind in second place with British yacht ICAP Leopard a further 24 miles behind in third . Crichton admitted he was taken aback by the large crowd which had gathered at the dockside to welcome his team home before he paid tribute to his crew . "  We did n't expect to see anything like this crowd . We 're certainly honored , " he told the event 's official Web site wwwrolexsydneyhobart.com . "  I 'd like to thank the 21 guys in my crew . We did n't have any problems and I do n't think there was any time in the race when we were passed . " Crichton continued : "  There were occasions when we had to take a gamble and hope it paid off . We were very busy the whole race . There were occasions when there was a lot of breeze , and occasions when we drifted , so it made the race much more interesting . "  I do n't think there was any part of the race that counted any more or less . We all had periods we were parked up . I think it was the advantage of making the least amount of mistakes of anybody that won us the race . " Wild Oats , who set the race record in 2005 , was bidding for a fifth win , but trailed Alfa Romeo out of Sydney Harbor in the traditional Boxing Day start and was never able to get on terms with the leader .	New Zealand maxi Alfa Romeo eased to victory in the 65th annual Sydney to Hobart ocean yacht race . Skippered by Neville Crichton , Alfa Romeo crossed the finish of the 628-mile race ahead of Australian maxi Wild Oats XI . Crichton credited his team 's victory to the fact they had made few mistakes having led from start to finish .
CNN  -- World No. 2 Rafael Nadal is still on course for his first Miami Masters title after beating the Czech Republic 's Radek Stepanek 6-2 6-2 in the third round of the U.S. hard-court tournament . Spain 's 10-time grand slam winner has been runner-up at the event on three occasions , including last year when he lost to Novak Djokovic , who went on to dethrone him at the top of the rankings . Nadal took just 87 minutes to record a sixth consecutive win over 25th seed Stepanek on Sunday , setting up a clash with No. 16 Kei Nishikori -- who also beat Czech opposition in the shape of Lukas Rosol . "  He 's a fantastic player and it will be a very difficult match for me , " Nadal said of Japan 's 22-year-old rising star . "  He has a big talent to hit the ball very early , to play very aggressive . So he will be a really tough opponent . " World No. 4 Andy Murray reached the last 16 without hitting a ball , after his in-form third-round opponent Milos Raonic was forced to pull out due to an ankle injury in Key Biscayne . "  The doctor does n't think it 's anything big . It probably just needs a couple days of rest and , with treatment , it should be OK in a week , " said the Canadian , who has already won titles in Chennai and San Jose this year . Murray will now face Gilles Simon for a place in the quarterfinals after the French 13th seed won 7-6 6-4 against Austrian 22nd seed Jurgen Melzer . In other third-round matches , seventh-seeded Czech Tomas Berdych slumped to a shock 6-3 2-6 6-4 defeat by Grigor Dimitrov , who beat a top-10 player for the first time in his career . The Bulgarian next faces Serbian ninth seed Janko Tipsarevic , who saw off Ukrainian No. 18 Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-4 5-7 6-2 . French sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga defeated No. 32 Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-4 7-6 , and will next face another German -- No. 19 Florian Mayer . The winner of that match will face Nadal or Nishikori . In the women 's section , the unseeded Venus Williams , who was handed a wildcard to compete in Florida , is also through to the last 16 . The American , who was diagnosed with the incurable Sjogren 's syndrome before the 2011 U.S. Open , was made to battle hard before defeating Canadian Aleksandra Wozniak 4-6 6-4 7-6 . She next faces fellow former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic . The Serbian 15th seed overcame Slovakia 's No. 20 Daniela Hantuchova 6-2 7-6  7-2  . World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka , the defending champion , thrashed British wildcard Heather Watson 6-0 6-2 . The Australian Open champion will play No. 16 Dominika Cibulkova after the Slovakian beat China 's Zheng Jie . Polish fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska set up a clash with Spanish wildcard Garbine Muguruza Blanc , who shocked Italy 's No. 24 Flavia Pennetta 6-2 1-6 7-6 . French seventh seed Marion Bartoli will face Russia 's No. 22 Maria Kirilenko in the last 16 after both won comfortably .	Second seed Rafael Nadal through to the fourth round of Miami Masters The three-time runner-up at the U.S. hard-court event beat Czech Radek Stepanek No. 4 Andy Murray handed a walkover after opponent Milos Raonic had to withdraw Murray handed a walkover after opponent Milos Raonic had to withdraw through injury
CNN  -- It 's become a nightly ritual . When dusk descends , so do they -- by the hundreds , in cities coast to coast . And the protests over police brutality after recent deaths of unarmed black men might only intensify . Organizers are calling this week a "  Week of Outrage , " culminating in large demonstrations planned for Saturday in New York and Washington . Eric Garner Jr. , the son of the man who died after a New York police officer held him in a chokehold , said he was proud of how protesters are carrying on . "  It made me feel proud because I do n't have to share this moment by myself and my family , " the son told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  It 's amazing how everybody  is  doing this . My father and I appreciate it . " But already this week , peaceful protests across the country have been marred by bouts of violence and crowds that disrupted thousands by shutting down freeways . Here 's the latest on the unrest across the country : Protesters ` die in ' At New York City 's Grand Central Station , protesters Tuesday night re-enacted the chokehold that killed Eric Garner , laid on the ground and chanted . Demonstrator Dariel Ali , who 's participated in New York protests for days , held a sign that said , "  My only crime is being black . " "  There 's a lot of racial profiling going on within the system , " he said as protesters chanted behind him . It 's been encouraging to see the ranks of protesters grow in recent days , he said . What 's next ? "  We gain numbers , " Ali said , "  and we take the streets , like we always do . " NBA players speak out Before the Brooklyn Nets and Cleveland Cavaliers faced off on the basketball court Monday night , several players were already scoring points with protesters outside the arena . As they warmed up for the game , Cleveland Cavaliers LeBron James and Kyrie Irving were among the players wearing T-shirts that said "  I ca n't breathe " -- Eric Garner 's last words , which have become a rallying cry for protesters after last week 's grand jury decision not to indict an officer in his death . The crowd erupted in cheers after an organizer told them about the players ' T-shirts . After the game , James explained why he wore the "  I ca n't breathe " shirt . "  It was a message to the family . I 'm sorry for their loss , " the four-time league MVP said . "  Obviously , we know that our society needs to get better . But like I said before ... violence is not the answer , and retaliation is n't the solution . As a society , we know we need to get better , but it 's not going to be done in one day . Rome was n't built in a day . " NBA Commissioner Adam Silver told CNN Tuesday that he supports players who want to voice their opinions . "  I have a tremendous respect for our players and the fact that they want to speak out on an issue , and we support them doing that , " he said . "  Of course , there are the four corners of the court , and in terms of the game itself it is my job to enforce our rules . Having said that , I recognize that there needs to be some flexibility and I think , to me , that was a spontaneous reaction from our players ... and my sense is that , to respect it . " California interstate shut down For the second night in a row , protesters spilled onto a Northern California freeway Monday night , this time shutting down Interstate 80 in Berkeley . Many snaked through the hundreds of cars that were trapped for an hour and a half . "  We are out here because the system has made it obvious that black lives do not matter , and us as a people are not OK with that , " a protester in Berkeley told CNN . "  We 're here to demand justice , and we 're here to demand peace . " The California Highway Patrol arrested 150 people for illegally blocking the freeway , the agency said . Some protesters also sat on a train track in Berkeley , blocking a train from moving , the San Francisco Bay Guardian reported . But unlike Sunday night , when some protesters looted businesses and damaged several police cars in the Oakland and Berkeley areas , there were no reports of major destruction in Northern California . Obama weighs in After weeks of racial protests across the country , President Barack Obama spoke about the future of race relations in America to a network that reaches a predominantly young African-American audience . "  What I told the young people who I met with -- we 're going to have more conversations over the coming months -- is , ` This is n't something that is going to be solved overnight , ' Obama said in an interview with BET . " ` This is something that is deeply rooted in our society . It 's deeply rooted in our history . ' " Once criticized for shying away from the topic of race early on in his presidency , Obama has more recently been forced to lead a discussion on the issue . In his interview , the President said African-American youths need to be both persistent and patient in order to make progress on the issue of racial tensions in America . "  It 's important to recognize as painful as these incidents are , we ca n't equate what is happening now to what happened 50 years ago , " he said . "  If you talk to your parents , grandparents , uncles , they 'll tell you that things are better -- not good , in some cases , but better . " CNN 's Dan Simon in Berkeley , California ; Nick Valencia , Julian Cummings and Lawrence Crook in New York ; Sara Fischer in Washington ; and Emily Smith and Tina Burnside in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : "  My only crime is being black , " one sign says at a New York protest 150 people are arrested for blocking a California freeway LeBron James wears an "  I ca n't breathe " T-shirt during a warm-up in Brooklyn "  This is n't something that is going to be solved overnight , " President Obama tells BET
CNN  -- Some of the first accounts emerged Tuesday from eyewitnesses who were aboard several boats stormed by Israeli forces as they approached Gaza the day before . Hanin Zoabi , a member of the Israeli parliament , was on board the Miva Marmara , the ship that was the scene of a confrontation between activists and Israeli soldiers . That clash left at least nine people dead . The Israeli Navy fired on the ships five minutes before commandos descended from ropes that dangled from helicopters , Zoabi said during a press conference in Nazareth , Israel . She said passengers on board the ship were unarmed . Were you there ? Send us your story , images , video Israel has said its forces found several weapons among the passengers on the Miva Marmara . Israel also has said that its forces started shooting after passengers on the Miva Marmara assaulted them . Zoabi said the military operation lasted about an hour and that she saw five dead bodies in that time . She urged Israeli authorities to investigate and to let the news media interview passengers who have been detained . Zoabi said she believes Israel has video footage of how the ten passengers were killed , and she called on Israeli authorities to release that footage . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has said that of the six ships in the flotilla , the people prepared an ambush on one , a reference to the Turkish ship . But on the other five , "  the people got off without a scratch . " Huwaida Arraf , one of the Free Gaza Movement organizers , told CNN Israeli troops roughed her up when they responded aggressively to her ship , a smaller one in the flotilla that was near the Turkish vessel where the casualties occurred . "  They started coming after our ship , " she told CNN , "  so we took off and they charged us also . Eventually , they overtook our ship and they used concussion grenades , sound bombs and pellets . " She said the people on her ship tried to keep them off . She said they were told the vessel was American and the people aboard were unarmed . But , she said "  they started beating people . My head was smashed against the ground and they stepped on my head . They later cuffed me and put a bag over my head . They did that to everybody . " Her account could not be independently verified .	Passenger says shots were fired before Israeli commandos boarded ship Israel says its forces started shooting after passengers assaulted them Zoabi said she saw five dead bodies during the hour-long military operation Another witness said a bag was placed over her head
Washington  CNN  -- When French President Francois Hollande flew to Washington this week for a state visit , he brought along a lot of baggage -- and it 's not his country 's famous Louis Vuitton . Hollande left France amid sinking popularity ratings and swirling reports that he cheated on his partner of seven years with a younger movie actress â $ " making this week 's trip something of an escape for the embattled president . The former French first lady Valerie Trierweiler -- whom Obama said in November he was looking forward to hosting -- is n't coming to the White House now that Hollande has announced their split . French President 's alleged lover nominated for acting award He says his private life is private , but Hollande 's not denying the affair . Now he 's in America solo for one of Washington 's most tradition-bound events , where protocol dictates nearly everything and a slip-up , however unlikely , could wind up offending a top ally . Obama and Hollande : A strong alliance "  The protocol that dictates how state visits are handled is something that 's steeped in hundreds of years of history , " said Anita McBride , a former chief of staff to Laura Bush who helped plan state dinners . Over time , formal arrival ceremonies and high profile press conferences have become a part of the multi-day affair . Finding ways to accommodate foreign leaders , even those with "  it 's complicated " relationship statuses , is just another aspect of the highly choreographed state visit , said people with experience organizing them . It 's not the first time a French president has come to Washington alone . Hollande 's predecessor , Nicolas Sarkozy , attended a formal dinner at the White House shortly after announcing his split from his wife . And at least Hollande is showing up ; when Brazil 's President Dilma Rousseff caught wind of National Security Agency spying , she canceled altogether . "  There are so many changes that take place , some that are more prominent in the news than others , " said Capricia Marshall , who until August was the U.S. chief of protocol . "  You have to be flexible , you have to be prepared , and you just sort of change course . " But questions such as who will sit next to Obama are still up in the air . Typically the partner of the visiting head of state gets the chair next to America 's president . When that position is vacant , U.S. officials must consult their counterparts and even have the president himself weigh in . It 's not necessarily a hard task , said McBride , because plenty of people would jump at the chance to sit next to Obama . The designee does n't have to be French , though it would n't be unexpected if he or she is . It 's just another piece of planning that requires painstaking attention to detail . "  I 'm sure that they will have an imaginative way of doing their seating that 's absolutely appropriate , " said Marshall . It may seem antiquated to treat a guest so gingerly , but state dinners have always been about formality and gentle manners . They 've grown so much that they no longer fit in the State Dining Room . Instead a sturdy white tent on the South Lawn holds the hundreds of invited guests , who usually include some top donors and key allies in Congress . This year they 'll take trolleys from the White House East Wing down to the structure . No detail spared for French president 's arrival at the White House Once there they 'll dine on four courses of American-grown haute cuisine â $ " osetra caviar and quail eggs , a winter salad "  served in a wonderful glass bowl to make it look like a terrarium , " Colorado-raised beef , and a chocolate dessert sourced from Obama 's native Hawaii . On Monday the White House released the names and vintages of the wines poured at each course â $ " a change from the last few state dinners , which listed only "  American " bottles lest the price tag shock taxpayers . Reds from California and Washington State , and a sparking wine from Virginia , are the selections . None retail for over $ 50 a bottle . It 's a much-sought-after invitation -- so much so that a Virginia couple faked one to attend Obama 's event honoring the Indian prime minister , Monmohan Singh , in 2009 . Michaele Salahi 's red-and-gold sari is likely forever imprinted in the mind of Desiree Rogers , the former White House social secretary who stepped down shortly after the incident . That kind of glaring fissure in the evening 's decorum is n't typical , said McBride , who did recall an incident during a visit by the Chinese premier she said was marred when a journalist shouted a question at the formal arrival ceremony . And while the details still matter for staunch allies like France , a slip-up on protocol is n't likely to throw the United States ' now-solid relationship with the country into jeopardy . France , to the Obama administration 's pleasure , has taken a more interventionist stance in global conflicts , a turnaround from the days when Americans responded to France 's opposition to the Iraq invasion with boycotts of French  or just French-sounding  products . "  Let 's just say that we 've come a long way from Freedom Fries , " was how one senior administration official described the relationship Monday . In Libya France took a leading role in the mission that ended with Moammar Gadhafi 's death . And in Mali , French troops are working to prevent Islamists from taking over in the northern part of the country . France was ready in September to launch air strikes in Syria as Obama was trying to rally support , making the country one of a few foreign allies to back the U.S. plan after Britain 's parliament voted against it . Obama eventually went to Congress for approval , but the issue never came to a vote . While Hollande , like most other European leaders , has expressed outrage at allegations of NSA spying , the dust-up is n't likely to make any major dent in French-American relations . The same can be said for what Hollande calls "  tax evasion " by U.S.-based tech firms  after Washington , the French President heads to Silicon Valley  . Hollande , a socialist elected in 2012 , is more closely aligned in policy with Obama than the center-right Sarkozy . His fluency in English might make him an easier dinner companion than his predecessor , as well as a more conversant travel buddy on the trip to Jefferson 's Monticello the pair took Monday . Not up for discussion ? His love life . Opinion : Why the French president needs Michelle Obama French president says it 's over ; first lady leaves residence French President meets with Pope Francis amid scandal CNN White House Producer Matthew Hoye contributed to this report .	French President Francois Hollande 's visit comes amid troubles at home Hollande and former first lady split after reports of his affair surface White House protocol experts are working to navigate delicate situation France and the United States are generally in accord on policy matters
CNN  -- The family of an American woman who went missing in Istanbul nearly two weeks ago is in mourning after learning that Turkish police found her body Saturday . Steven Sierra wept during a phone call with CNN , as he waited in Istanbul to go with police to identify the body of his wife , Sarai Sierra . Turkish police found the New York woman 's body near ancient stone walls in Istanbul 's Sarayburnu district , the semi-official Anatolian Agency reported . Police suspected she had been killed at another location . Police told CNN 's sister network CNN Turk that the body of the 33-year-old mother of two showed signs of stab wounds . However , the police chief of Istanbul , Huseyin Capkin , said Sierra died from a blow to her head . At least nine suspects had been detained in connection with Sierra 's disappearance and death , Anatolian reported . Sierra 's family and friends first sounded the alarm last week after she did not arrive on a return flight from Istanbul on January 22 . "  The last we heard from my wife was Monday morning on the 21st . She had spoken with her sister and the last thing she said was , ` I 'm coming home tomorrow , ' and she was excited and put a little smiley face at the end of her statement , " said Steven Sierra in an interview with CNN earlier this week . Steven Sierra spoke to CNN in Istanbul on Wednesday , after he and Sarai Sierra 's brother , David Jimenez , traveled to Turkey to assist in the search . The worried husband was periodically overwhelmed with emotion throughout the interview . "  You 're hoping that she 's OK wherever she 's at , that she 's not hurting , that she 's not cold , that she 's being fed , " Steven Sierra said , choking back tears . "  Its difficult what 's going through my mind , if our hopes and prayers are not answered . It is difficult when you have two children that look up to you , and you have to do your very best to stay strong regardless of what happens . " Sarai Sierra flew alone to Istanbul on January 7 after a friend at the last minute canceled plans to accompany her . "  She did a lot of researching about the area , about where she was going to stay , the safest places to go and the time of day to travel , " friend Magalena Rodriguez said . Sierrra was an amateur photographer who had amassed more than 3,000 followers since she joined the photo sharing app Instagram last year . Some people she met through the service encouraged her to visit the ancient Turkish city , her husband said . They offered to act as tour guides . "  You 're admiring pictures , but you 're getting acquainted with people that you 've never met before , " Steven Sierra said . Sarai 's brother said he had been worried about his sister 's solo trip . "  We were nervous . Were just like ` always be mindful of what you do , be aware of your surroundings . Do n't get too comfortable to the point where you drop your guard down , ' " David Jimenez said . But Jimenez and Sierra 's husband said Sarai was determined to complete challenges that she set for herself . As an example , they described how she competed in a triathlon several years ago , despite being a weak swimmer , and despite the fact that she did not own a bicycle . Instead , Sarai completed the cycling leg of the competition by borrowing a mountain bike from her husband . After arriving in Istanbul , Sierra 's photo feed displayed images of Istanbul 's beautiful skyline and historic landmarks . She also squeezed in an excursion to Amsterdam in the Netherlands and to Germany , starting January 15 . "  She chose to go to Amsterdam for the graffiti , " her husband said . "  She informed me as far as how her time was out there . And she also had a tour guide that was helping her out there as well , who I know about and who I 've spoken with personally . " Sierra returned to Istanbul on January 19 . Three days later , she went missing . Sierra had rebooked her flight to arrive back early , on January 22 , in part to surprise her two sons , 9 and 11 . Days before her scheduled trip home , Sierra spoke with her father , Dennis Jimenez , via Skype to remind him of her flight number and arrival time . When Dennis Jimenez went to the Newark , New Jersey , airport to pick Sierra up , she did n't show , he said . The airline told him she had never checked in for the flight . "  She kept in contact with us all the time , " Sierra 's mother , Betzaida Jimenez , said . "  And then not to hear from her ? It 's not like her . " After the tourist went missing , Turkish police released a surveillance camera video of Sarai at a shopping mall in Istanbul , flipping through her iPad . The scenes from January 20 are the last known images of her . The manager of the small private hotel where Sierra was staying reported last seeing her the day the surveillance video was shot . That was a Sunday . Her Skype account , which she avidly used , went silent a day later . A day after that was when she missed her flight home . The time she last talked with her family , Sierra was planning on January 21 to see the Galata Bridge and visit the Asian side of Istanbul , her husband said . The former capital of the Byzantine and East Roman empires straddles the continents of Europe and Asia . After Sierra 's family raised the alarm that she was missing , some of her belongings -- including her passport and medical cards -- were found in her room in Istanbul , though her iPhone and iPad were not there , according to her husband . Since Sierra 's disappearance , Turkish police detained a Turkish man she had been in contact with who was identified only by the first name Talan , according to CNN Turk . Millions of foreign tourists visit Turkey every year . While it is not unusual to hear about foreigners being targeted by pickpockets and bag snatchers , violent crime involving foreign tourists is relatively rare .	NEW : Turkish police chief says tourist died from blow to her head Body of New York woman found in Istanbul She disappeared almost two weeks ago Sarai Sierra was a mother a two
CNN  -- An all-female jury will start hearing the murder case against Florida neighborhood watch captain George Zimmerman next week , with opening arguments in the closely watched trial set for Monday . The jury was selected Thursday afternoon after defense attorney Mark O'Mara completed his question-and-answer session with the potential jurors . Opening statements are scheduled to begin Monday morning , Judge Debra Nelson said Thursday . The prosecuting and defense attorneys referred to the jury members as five white women and one black or Hispanic woman . CNN does not have access to the juror questionnaires and can not confirm the ethnicities of the jurors . Four alternate jurors -- two women and two men -- will hear the case as well . Nelson asked Zimmerman if he agreed with the jurors selected to serve on the panel , and he said he did . Zimmerman , a former neighborhood watch captain , is charged with second-degree murder for killing 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , on the night of February 26 , 2012 . He says he shot the teenager in self-defense , but prosecutors accuse him of unjustly profiling and killing Martin . An initial decision by police not to pursue charges in the case led to the dismissal of the town 's police chief and sparked fresh debates about race relations and gun laws in the United States . Zimmerman is Hispanic ; Martin was African-American . Opinion : The facts must decide Trayvon Martin case O'Mara began the day by explaining the definition of reasonable doubt to the jury pool . He said it 's a complicated concept that even "  third-year law students " can have difficulty understanding . O'Mara questioned the 40 potential jurors about a variety of topics , including their beliefs about gun ownership and their thoughts on self-defense . O'Mara pointed out that Florida law states that there is no duty to retreat when being threatened , but Nelson admonished O'Mara , saying she did not want the attorneys interpreting the law for the jurors . Nelson then read to the jury the strict definition of justifiable homicide that they must consider during deliberations . Justifiable homicide is a killing where no criminal liability can result , such as when someone acts in self-defense to protect himself or another person . O'Mara finished his questioning of the jury before Nelson broke for lunch . When court resumed Thursday afternoon , the attorneys began the process of whittling down jury pool to the six jurors and the four alternates needed for the trial . Under Florida law , six-person juries hear all criminal cases except capital offenses . The charges against Zimmerman do not make it a capital case . Fast facts : Trayvon Martin shooting After the jury was selected , attorneys representing the Martin family released a statement saying with the makeup of the panel , "  the question of whether every American can get equal justice regardless of who serves on their jury panel will be answered . " The statement , from the law firm of Parks and Crump , added , "  We firmly believe that when these jurors see the overwhelming evidence that will be put before them in the coming weeks , they will find George Zimmerman guilty of murder on the night in question . " Both sides had the chance to keep or strike jurors . Each side had 10 peremptory strikes -- 10 opportunities to eliminate potential jurors without having to disclose their reasons -- and an unlimited number of strikes "  for cause , " for such reasons as bias or hardships . Court will be in session Friday to handle any outstanding issues before opening statements begin , and Nelson said she try to make a ruling Friday on the admissibility of technology used to analyze the screams on a 911 call from the night of the shooting . The technology may be key to the prosecution 's case , because their experts ' testimony may be able to shed light on what was said between Zimmerman and Martin moments before the teenager was shot . If the analysis indicates Martin screamed for help , it could hurt the credibility of Zimmerman 's claim that he acted in self-defense . The law states that for technology to be admissible , it must be "  generally accepted " in that particular field . Zimmerman 's attorneys are arguing the technology does not satisfy that threshold . On June 6 , defense expert Hirotaka Nakasone , an audio engineer for the FBI , expressed his doubts about using the recordings . "  A screaming voice is too far for us to address , " Nakasone said . "  It might mislead in the worst case . " CNN 's Grace Wong , Rich Phillips and MaryLynn Ryan contributed to this report .	An all-female jury will hear the Zimmerman murder case Opening statements are set for Monday morning Zimmerman is charged with killing Trayvon Martin in February 2012 Zimmerman says he shot Martin in self-defense ; prosecutors say he profiled the teen
CNN  -- The Standard & Poor 's rating agency announced Friday that it has downgraded the U.S. credit rating to AA + from its top rank of AAA . "  The downgrade reflects our opinion that the fiscal consolidation plan that Congress and the administration recently agreed to falls short of what , in our view , would be necessary to stabilize the government 's medium-term debt dynamics , " the agency said about the move , which was announced after the markets had closed . Rating agencies -- S&P , Moody 's and Fitch -- analyze risk and give debt a grade that is supposed to reflect the borrower 's ability to repay its loans . The safest bets are stamped AAA . That 's where U.S. debt has stood for years . Moody 's first assigned the United States a AAA rating in 1917 . Fitch and Moody 's , the other two main credit ratings agencies , maintained the AAA rating for the United States after this week 's debt deal , though Moody 's lowered its outlook on U.S. debt to "  negative . " A negative outlook indicates the possibility that Moody 's could downgrade the country 's sovereign credit rating within a year or two . John Chambers , the head of sovereign ratings at S&P , told CNN that the political brinkmanship over the debt ceiling proved to be a key issue , with "  the U.S. government getting to the last day before they had cash-management problems . " Few governments separate the budget process from the debt-authorization process as the United States does , he noted . And , though the budget deal that finally was reached will deliver at least $ 2.1 trillion in savings over the next decade , that will not suffice , he said . "  It 's going to be difficult to get beyond that -- at least in the near term -- and you do need to get beyond that to get to a point where the debt-to-GDP ratio is going to stabilize . " Asked who was to blame , Chambers said , "  This is a problem that 's been a long time in the making -- well over this administration , the prior administration . " Congress should shoulder some of the blame , he said . "  The first thing it could have done is to have raised the debt celining in a timely manner so that much of this debate had been avoided to begin with , as it had done 60 or 70 times since 1960 without that much debate . " Chambers added that his agency 's decision is likely to have a long-term impact . "  Once you lose your AAA , it does n't usually bounce back , " he said . He pointed to the decision by Congress about whether to extend the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts as one crucial area . "  If you let them lapse for the high-income earners , that could give you another $ 950 billion , " he said . U.S. Treasury officials received S&P 's analysis Friday afternoon and alerted the agency to an error that inflated U.S. deficits by $ 2 trillion , said an administration official , who was not authorized to speak for attribution . The agency acknowledged the mistake , but said it was sticking with its decision . The administration official called it "  a facts-be-damned decision ... Their analysis was way off , but they would n't budge . " But Chambers defended his agency 's move . "  It does n't make a material difference , " he said . "  It does n't change the fact that your debt-to-GDP ratio , under most plausible assumptions , will continue to rise over the next decade . " Rumors of a possible downgrade surfaced shortly after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi announced in Rome that finance ministers of the Group of Seven industrialized nations may meet "  in a few days " to discuss the sagging world economy . The G7 members are Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan and the United States . The announcement came on a day when financial anxiety gripped the globe . Stock markets worldwide saw intense volatility amid worries of a widening debt crisis in Europe and a stalled economic recovery in the United States . Stock market values fell across Asia and Europe on Friday . American markets were dramatically up and down a day after having their worst day since the 2008 financial crisis . Concerns about debt issues in Europe appeared to battle with optimism that a positive U.S. jobs report indicated the American economy is not headed into a new recession -- the dreaded "  double-dip . " "  The crisis in Europe is quickly becoming on par with the financial crisis of 2008 , " David Levy , portfolio manager at Kenjol Capital Management , told CNN Money . "  The jobs report shows that things are n't getting much worse in the U.S. , but the focus is clearly on Europe at this point . " The Dow Jones index spiked 170 points in early trading on a better-than-expected jobs report , but then dropped by 200 points in mid-morning trading . It closed Friday up 60.93 points  0.54 %  . The Nasdaq closed down 23.98 points  0.94 %  . In London , the FTSE 100 closed off 146 points , or 2.7 % , to close the week down nearly 10 % . Germany 's DAX fell 2.78 % to finish the week down nearly 13 % . And the French CAC 40 declined 1.26 % to finish the week off 10.73 % . "  We are going to get through this , " Obama said prior to the downgrade at the Washington Navy Yard , where he announced a jobs program for veterans . "  Things will get better . And we 're going to get there together . " Obama , who spoke Friday afternoon with France 's Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel about the crisis , noted that July marked the 17th consecutive month of private-sector job growth in the U.S. , but said much more work needs to be done . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Laura Smith-Spark , Mariano Castillo , Mike Pearson and Kendra Petersen contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. credit rating is downgraded to AA + G7 finance ministers may meet "  in a few days , " Berlusconi says Obama talks with German , French leaders
RealSimple.com  -- My mother was no domestic goddess . She was a golfing , blackjack-playing , martini-drinking sort who had little to do with cooking , sewing , or , God forbid , "  crafts . " Throughout my childhood , we ate Thanksgiving dinner at the golf club . This was essentially my parents ' place of worship . Both my sister and I were eventually married there , and we recently scattered my mother 's ashes on the ninth hole . The best thing about Thanksgiving at the club , as far as I was concerned , was the magnificent centerpieces the staff assembled : towering assemblages of nuts , fruit , chocolates , and candles in the shape of Pilgrim children that made my sister and me twitch with acquisitive longing . RealSimple.com : Upgrade your Thanksgiving table settings Once I left home , I did things rather differently . Starting at the age of 19 , I cooked myself silly every Thanksgiving . Even during my vegetarian years , and on through brining and turducken and other frivolities , I compensated for my mother 's uninterest . This particular rebellion of mine was just fine with her , as she was widowed early on and happy to have a reason to visit me . She would come clear across the country if necessary , always bringing her contribution : the centerpiece , a creation soon known as Mr. Turkey . Mr. Turkey had a simple red-felt turkey head , with a black-bead eye on either side , and was attached to the butt end of a pineapple with straight pins . You laid the fruit on its side so that the leaves took the place of tail feathers and ... ta-da ! Faux fowl ! RealSimple.com : 7 authors share tales of family Thanksgiving traditions Even though the S-shaped seams of the neck were ironed together in the manner of a third-grade art project , I am quite sure my mother did not make the turkey head herself . Perhaps it was a gift from one of the ladies at the bridge table . When an eye fell off , we drew one on with a Sharpie . And it was charming , in an outsider art-meets-Lillian Vernon kind of way . I put it at the center of my table every year , always surrounded by a flock of hand-carved apple swans I had learned how to make in my early 20s from a chef friend . RealSimple.com : The best turkey essentials We found Mr. Turkey 's head up in the closet with the wrapping paper after my mother died , its edges rotting slightly from seeping pineapple juice . Since she has been gone , I somehow feel less like cooking . Last year I stuck his head on a bottle of Beaujolais Nouveau in the dining room of a nearby hotel . I ordered the smoked-salmon appetizer . I know my mother would have approved . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The author compensated for her mother 's uninterest in Thanksgiving by cooking The author 's mother brought a centerpiece known as Mr. Turkey every Thanksgiving It was at the center of the table every year , surrounded by hand-carved apple swans
CNN  -- I signed up to volunteer for a one-way trip to Mars . Yep , one-way . Mars One , a Dutch nonprofit organization , aims to establish the first human settlement on Mars in the coming decades . I am one of 1,058 people chosen from around the world to be in round two of Mars One 's astronaut application pool . The next few rounds will narrow the field until at last 24 candidates will be picked to begin 10 years of training for the mission . The process is very competitive . In my application , I highlighted my strengths , including adaptability , resiliency , curiosity and leadership skills . I am ready to accept all the hard challenges of going to space and living on Mars . My passion for Mars and space exploration began in 1997 when I was 8 years old . NASA had been sending humans to space for several decades , but it began to push new frontiers by sending the first rover to Mars . The Sojourner rover landed on the Red Planet on July 4 , 1997 , and gave humans a glimpse of the rust-colored Martian surface . Seeing the images ignited a passion inside . For most people , perhaps the desolate landscape of Mars is uninviting ; for me , it was the future -- the next frontier . I remember telling myself then that the only way we will find the answers locked inside our solar system would be to send humans to Mars ; and I wanted to go . When I was a senior in college , I was selected to be the executive officer and chief geologist of Crew 99 at the Mars Desert Research Station in Utah . Much like the astronauts on the International Space Station learn to live and work in space , the Mars Society 's MDRS outpost teaches us how to live , work and solve problems on Mars . My crew consisted of five other students from across the country and we lived at a Martian analogue station for two weeks . We learned how to conduct daily missions , maintain our habitat , take quick showers and utilize recycled water systems . Although our two-week stay is relatively short compared to Mars One 's lifelong expedition , it is scientific research like this that is going to help us find a way to adapt to living on other planets . Once the Mars One crew arrives on Mars the members will begin living their lives as Martians . A majority of their time will be spent conducting scientific experiments , exploring the surroundings , maintaining and improving their habitat . They will also stay connected with the world they left through e-mail and video messages . They will live like the scientists at MDRS and spend their days learning how to adapt to a foreign environment . The opportunity the Mars One project presents is extraordinary . Humans have always dreamed of living on another planet . The technology to send us to the surface of a planet like Mars exists ; it has been available for more than 20 years . But limited funding and unknown health risks have put a brake on our desire to try to settle on other planets . 200,000 apply to live on Mars Because Mars mysteriously lost its atmosphere and oceans millions of years ago it is important for us to find out why . By sending humans there , we can find answers to Mars ' past and future , and ultimately , maybe find answers to the future of Earth . Of course , there are concerns about whether it makes sense to start a human settlement on such a cold and harsh planet . In an article in The Times , astronauts and physicians acknowledge that the human body is n't equipped for long-term space travel . Risks include extended exposure to radiation and cosmic rays . Even at low and acceptable levels , they may cause health problems . Luckily , it does not take a lifetime to travel to Mars . In fact , it may only take 210 days to reach the Red Planet . This is a mere 30 days longer than a normal crew rotation on the International Space Station . While we know about the negative toll of prolonged space living on the human body , astronauts returning to the gravitational force of the Earth recover from their stay in space . Although research is still being done on the loss of bone mass , most other effects felt during space missions subside after physical therapy and treatment . Mars is also a much smaller planet than Earth . This means the gravity felt on the surface is one-third what we feel on Earth . Once the settlers arrive on the surface after a seven-month space journey , their bodies will eventually adapt to the surface of Mars . Obviously , there will be unforeseen challenges in such a huge endeavor . But they should n't deter us from the attempt . If we never put our collective efforts together to do this , the human race will never fulfill its dream of living on another planet . We owe it to future generations , who will be left with the problems of Earth , to try to find new homes throughout the solar system . As long as there are volunteers like me willing to make the sacrifice , we will find ways to survive in space and beyond . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Heidi Beemer .	Mars One , a nonprofit , aims to establish the first human settlement on the Red Planet Heidi Beemer : I signed up to volunteer for a one-way trip to Mars She says despite risks and challenges , the trip is worthwhile in what we can learn Beemer : For one thing , the human race can fulfill its dream of living on another planet
CNN  -- A 75-year-old Illinois woman flying her kit plane violated restricted airspace during a presidential visit to Chicago and was intercepted by two F-16 fighter jets , authorities said . The fighter jets intercepted a Kitfox Model 2 aircraft when it violated a temporary restricted airspace Wednesday evening in Chicago , said Lt. Col. Mike Humphreys of the North American Aerospace Defense Command . Humphreys said the military planes escorted the small aircraft back to its home airport at Mill Rose Farm in Barrington , Illinois . By the time local police showed up on scene , the plane was already in its hangar , said Sgt. Sam Parma of the South Barrington Police Department . Parma said Myrtle Rose of South Barrington , Illinois , flies almost every day and was not aware President Barack Obama was in Chicago on Wednesday . South Barrington is a suburb about 30 miles northwest of Chicago . Obama was in Chicago to attend fundraisers for the Democratic National Committee and his re-election effort . A Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman said the agency is investigating what may have been a violation of a temporary flight restriction from a small single-engine plane . But the spokeswoman , Elizabeth Isham Cory , said she could not release the name of the individual or where the individual was flying to or from because the investigation is underway . Rose will not face any local charges , but the FAA has yet to decide what action it might take with regards to her piloting license , authorities said . South Barrington police said Rose either did n't have her radio on , or the radio was not functioning , Parma said the plane had a male name , but could not recall what Rose called it . Rose did not return a phone message from CNN . CNN 's Simon Hernandez-Arthur and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report	Police say Myrtle Rose did not know President Barack Obama was in town Authorities say she violated a temporary restricted airspace Two F-16 fighter jets escort her small plane to suburban Chicago Police say Rose wo n't face local charges , but the FAA is investigating
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban on Tuesday claimed responsibility for a foiled plot to assassinate a high-profile television journalist by planting a bomb on his car . Hamid Mir , a senior anchor on Geo TV 's prime time programming , escaped the attempt on his life Monday when the bomb was found attached to the back of his car and disabled before it could cause any harm . Read more : Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? "  We will continue targeting journalists who propagate a secular agenda and side with the government , " Ihsanullah Ihsan , a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , said by telephone Tuesday . Mir said he had gone to a busy market place in the heart of Islamabad "  to run some errands " on Monday when the bomb was detected . A police officer in Mir 's security team saw a plastic bag containing half a kilo  about a pound  of explosives attached to the car and called the bomb disposal squad , which successfully defused the device , said Bin Yamin , the Islamabad police chief . Read more : Girl 's courage , Taliban 's cowardice Despite the brush with danger , Mir remained defiant following the incident in a country that is fraught with risk for journalists . "  I want to give those responsible a message , " he said in an interview with Geo TV . "  I want to say that as long as I have life in my body and blood in my veins I will not stop telling the truth . " He said the assassination attempt "  is a message not just to me but to Geo TV and the entire journalist community . " Pakistan is frequently cited by press freedom advocacy groups as being among the most deadly countries in the world from which to report . Danger can come from militant organizations -- like the Taliban , who threatened journalists for their coverage of the attack on the teenage education activist Malala Yousufzai -- and also from government agencies , the advocacy groups say . "  We have a lot of respect for journalists , however all those who are spreading negative news against us and Islam will be targeted , " Ihsan , the Taliban spokesman , said Tuesday . The Pakistani Taliban , who are closely linked with their namesake in Afghanistan and with al Qaeda , operate in the ungoverned area that sits on the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan . Police say they are investigating the assassination attempt . The Islamabad bureau chief of Geo TV , Rana Jawed , said that he thought the bomb plot had been carried out by group with expertise in such attacks . "  Somebody must have followed Mir 's car , and when he got a chance he must have attached the bomb , " Jawed said . He said the bomb had not gone off because it was "  faulty . "	NEW : The Pakistani Taliban say they planted the bomb A bag containing explosives is found attached to Hamid Mir 's car He is an anchor on the television station Geo TV 's prime time broadcast "  I will not stop telling the truth , " Mir says following the attempt
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Rand Paul is receiving blowback from some of his Japanese-American colleagues after using World War II Japanese internment camps to describe what happens when a chief executive oversteps their power . "  Think of what happened in WWII , where the President issued an executive order , " the Kentucky Republican said in a speech in his home state Friday slamming President Barack Obama 's executive action on immigration . "  He said to Japanese people , ` We 're going to put you in a camp . We 're going to take away all of your rights and liberties and we are going to intern you in a camp . ' " "  I care that too much power gets in one place , " Paul continued . "  Why ? Because there has been instances in our history where we allow power to gravitate to one person and that one person then makes decisions that really are egregious . " As news of the speech spread , Japanese lawmakers slammed Paul for his remarks . "  Rand Paul 's comments comparing President Obama 's executive order on Immigration with President Roosevelt 's executive order that imprisoned thousands of Americans of Japanese descent during World War II could not be more misguided , " Rep. Mike Honda said in a statement out Monday . "  At best , he is confused . At worst , he is just wrong . " Honda himself lived in and out of Japanese internment camps for four years as a small child , as he referenced in his statement . "  As someone who as victim of executive order 9066 , I can say without hesitation that  President Franklin Delano  Roosevelt was wrong , " Honda said . "  It was a misuse of power . President Obama 's order is an appropriate use of executive order because Congress did not do its job . " On Sunday , his colleague and fellow California Democrat Rep. Mark Takano also slammed Paul for his "  insulting " comparison . "  Senator Paul 's comments likening President Obama 's executive action that provides immigration relief to millions of people in this nation to the internment of Japanese Americans is insulting - not only to the millions who will benefit from President Obama 's executive action , but to the thousands of Japanese who were interned during World War II , including my own mother and father , " Takano wrote on his Facebook page . "  At best , his comments are revisionist history , wrapped in a logical fallacy . " Doug Stafford , a Senior Adviser to Sen. Paul , told CNN that Paul "  was not comparing the substance , he was discussing unchecked executive power . " "  If you allow a President to take broad , unconstitutional power , you may not like what some of them do with it , " Stafford said . "  It is important for many reasons to follow the rule of law , and to live within the constitutional checks and balances in our system of government . " America 's Bridge 21st Century PAC first posted video of Paul 's comments on YouTube on Friday .	Rand Paul made the reference as part of remarks condemning the President 's immigration plan Paul cited World War II internment camps for the Japanese as an example of executive overreach Rep. Mike Honda said "  At best , he is confused . At worst , he is just wrong . "
Washington  CNN  -- Edna Griggs keenly remembers the anger and outrage she felt during the 2012 general election when she watched as African-American senior citizens were forced to wait in long lines in the Houston heat as they cued up to vote at the Acres Homes Multi-Service Center . A member of her local NAACP chapter , Griggs says she was told that she could n't bring them water to drink or chairs to rest in . "  A poll watcher approached me and said , ` What are you doing ? ' He told me I could n't do that . They thought we were trying to sway their votes by giving them water , " she said . "  It was really sad to me because it was like a reflection of the stories I heard from my grandmother and mother when they had to pay to vote . It was a reflection of everything our people have gone through . " Griggs is one of the plaintiffs in a NAACP lawsuit about new Texas voting identification laws , regulations that are considered by some civil rights and liberties groups as among the nation 's most restrictive . Civil rights groups in that state , and others , fear that election officials and poll watchers , empowered by those new laws will ratchet up the level of discrimination against minority voters . "  We 've had a serious problem with elected officials discriminating against Latino and African-American voters . It 's obvious that many officials can not be expected to treat these voters fairly , " said Gary Bledsoe , an attorney and president of the Texas NAACP . "  When you give them more power to reject black and Latino voters at the polls , that power will be exercised and the discrimination escalated . " Key races to watch in 2014 Texas voting officials have said the state 's new photo voter identification law will help tamp down fraud . "  The U.S. Supreme Court has already ruled that voter ID laws do not suppress legal votes , but do help prevent illegal votes , " Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said last year , according to media reports . The hunt for fraud When they head to the polls in this fall 's midterm elections , some voters in nearly half of the country will find it a lot tougher to cast ballots due to new voting laws , according to a new report by the Brennan Center for Justice . It is a legal think tank at New York University School of Law that has criticized the increase in what it sees as prohibitive voting measures . Most of the laws were approved by Republican-dominated legislatures and in states that saw greater minority voter turnout in the 2008 and 2012 general elections , the report found . Civil rights groups and voting rights advocates see the spate of new laws as a way to disenfranchise and intimidate minority voters and suppress turnout during high-stakes elections . Others support the changes and see the laws as the best way to preserve integrity in the voting process . Such groups as the grassroots Voter Integrity Project in North Carolina and True the Vote , a conservative group in Texas , supports citizen enforcement of the new voter laws , acts that often mean sifting through voter rolls and pounding on doors in search of fraud . True the Vote announced this week that it is suing the Mississippi secretary of state and that state 's Republican Party over the right to look at the poll books and ballots in order to ensure that Democratic primary voters did n't also illegally vote in last month 's Republican primary runoff . In Mississippi , voters who do n't cast ballots in a primary election can vote in either party 's runoff . Mississippi state Sen. Chris McDaniel , who lost a bitter runoff against incumbent Republican Sen. Thad Cochran last month , is citing what he sees as "  illegal " and "  unethical " behavior among African-American Democrats who cast ballots for the veteran lawmaker . McDaniel said many of those voters participated in the Democratic primary and should n't have been allowed to vote in the Republican runoff . "  True the Vote has been inundated with reports from voters across Mississippi who are outraged to see the integrity of this election being undermined so that politicos can get back to business as usual . Enough is enough , " True the Vote President Catherine Engelbrecht said in statement . Vigilante or vindicator ? One man 's bid to root out voter fraud Tough new laws The nation 's new crop of voting laws run the gamut from dialing back early voting hours to new requirements for photo identification to stricter rules for voter registration . A few examples : And , in at least seven states , including Arizona , Arkansas and North Carolina , suits challenging new voting restrictions are wending their way through state and federal courts and could potentially impact the outcome of the 2014 elections . "  The rules of the game " This all follows a U.S. Supreme Court decision last year striking down provisions of the Voting Rights Act , which required a number of states -- many of them in the South -- to get clearance from the Justice Department before changing their voting laws . Without that protection , voting rights advocates say , in states with a history of discriminatory voting practices against racial minorities those who seek to unduly influence elections will find it easier to suppress votes . 2012 increase in voting ID laws "  We have seen a dramatic increase in politicians trying to manipulate the rules of the game in terms of making it harder for citizens to vote , " said Myrna Perez , a senior counsel at NYU 's Brennan Center for Justice . The flurry of new and more restrictive voter laws coincided with the 2010 elections and new Republican majorities that came into power , Perez said . In 2012 , the increase in laws reached a fever pitch when 19 states put forth measures civil rights groups view as restrictive . Now , as the 2014 midterm elections loom , voting rights advocates point to scenarios in the 2000 and 2012 general elections in Florida , where there was confusion about voting methods , laws and long lines , as a model for what could happen elsewhere in the country . "  I guess you could say we 're ahead of the curve on voter suppression , " said Deirdre Macnab , president of the nonpartisan League of Women Voters of Florida adding that the state has since passed a series of election reform measures which have improved voting . "  When it comes to Florida , we first saw the impact of taking away days and times to vote . And the legislators were properly shamed and embarrassed . It 's unfortunate that other states have to experience that . " 2014 Midterm Elections	A slate of new voter laws could impact the 2014 elections , experts say Civil and voting rights advocacy groups say many of the laws disenfranchise minority voters The laws include stricter voter ID requirements , cuts to early voting , among other provisions The changes , along with court ruling on the Voting Rights Act , could impact minority voters
CNN  -- Four years ago today , President Barack Obama signed Obamacare into law , pledging that Americans could keep their health care plans and their doctors and that their coverage would be "  more secure and stable " than before . As the horror stories continue to roll in , however , the emptiness of those promises and the human toll of this deeply misguided experiment have become increasingly difficult for Democrats to ignore . Consider Angela Strobel , a mother of five girls from Owensboro , Kentucky . Angela was perfectly happy with the insurance and the doctor she had before Obamacare . She also had an ironclad assurance from the President that she would n't have to sacrifice either one if his health care plan became law . Now she finds herself among the growing group of Americans who 've been shell-shocked by the reality . The fact-checkers may have declared the President 's "  you can keep your plan " pledge last year 's "  lie of the year . " But Angela and millions like her will be reeling from that broken promise for years . It wo n't be easy . Angela not only lost her insurance , she also lost a trusted family doctor to Obamacare . In a perfect summary of modern liberalism , one of the billing clerks for Kentucky 's Obamacare exchange told Angela that since she now qualifies for Medicaid , she 'd be breaking the law if she tried to pay more out of her own pocket just to keep her old doctor . Medicaid rules forbid it . The upshot : for Angela and her family , it 's either Medicaid or a monthly premium increase of nearly $ 1,000 . Tragically , stories likes Angela 's are playing out in households all across the country . And the promises that were made to sell Obamacare â $ " that it would n't disrupt people 's previous health care arrangements and that premiums would go down â $ " are now being exposed for the cheap and deceptive sales pitch they were . It may be tempting for some to brush all this aside as standard politics . But it 's hard to think of anything even comparable to the scope of the deception involved in selling this law . The President made repeated , explicit pledges that no one would lose their doctor or their plans as a result of this law . For two years , he did everything he could to assure Americans that they had nothing to worry about . Yet now , as millions of Americans speak out about their frustrations and heartbreak , he 's not even listening . Instead , leading Democrats have engaged in a despicable campaign to discredit the victims . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid labeled people like Angela liars , while other Democrats have downplayed statistics that cast it in an unfavorable light . As for the President , he seems more interested in promoting his NCAA bracket and talking up Obamacare 's elusive virtues on satirical talk shows like "  Between the Ferns . " For the Washington Democrats who gave us Obamacare , in other words , these stories about lost care , lost doctors , and higher costs are n't problems to be resolved , but political obstacles to be deflected . But there 's only so much they can do to tune out or brush aside the cascading impact of Obamacare . In recent weeks , we 've heard calamitous reports of Obamacare patients being denied access to doctors , hospitals and premium cancer care centers . A recent analysis by the management consulting firm McKinsey & Co. found that only a fraction of the biggest local hospitals in a given coverage area will accept Obamacare patients . An Associated Press study found that only four of the 19 cancer centers it surveyed would give Obamacare patients access to its cancer care through the new Obamacare exchanges in their states . This is progress ? Do n't tell that to Terri Durheim of Enid , Oklahoma . She 's another mom who 's been blindsided by the realities of Obamacare . Terri told CNN that her son has a serious heart condition , but will now have to travel more than an hour to find a pediatric cardiologist who 's covered under her new plan . She does n't even want to think about what she 'll have to do in case of an emergency . "  Obviously we 'd have to pay out of pocket and go here in town , " she said , "  but that defeats the purpose of insurance . " Terri 's story raises a key question : what was the point of all this ? Those who voted for Obamacare cling to the claim that they 've increased access . But as report after report has shown , increasing the ranks of the insured does n't necessarily guarantee access . It certainly did n't for Angela and Terri . For many , the answer to all this is obvious : Admit that Obamacare is a failure , repeal it , and work together on bipartisan , patient-centered solutions that correct the deficiencies in our previous system . But clearly , those who supported this law still need convincing . Four years after Obamacare was signed into law , they still ca n't bring themselves to admit the reality all around us . That needs to change . Obamacare 's human toll is getting worse every day . We can do better . For the sake of people like Angela Strobel and Terri Durheim , we must . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Mitch McConnell .	Sen. Mitch McConnell says that four years after the Affordable Care Act was signed , many Americans still struggle McConnell points to President 's repeated claims that it would n't disrupt people 's existing health care plans He tells of several constituents who are "  reeling from that broken promise "
T.J. Lane , a remorseless killer who escaped from an Ohio prison where he was serving three life sentences for a school shooting , has been captured . For six long hours , police scoured neighborhoods on the north end of Lima , Ohio , asking residents to lock their doors and stay inside . They brought in extra officers and provided patrols to the families of Lane 's victims . In the end , he was found 100 yards away outside a church , the prison warden said . He did n't say anything , nor did he put up a fight , authorities said . Lane was serving consecutive life sentences without the possibility of parole for his attack at Chardon High School on February 27 , 2012 . He walked in to the school cafeteria with a .22 - caliber gun and randomly started shooting . He fired 10 rounds , killing three students . The 19-year-old scaled a fence at the Allen Oakwood Correctional Institution in Lima , about 90 miles northwest of Columbus , Warden Kevin Jones said . "  He was n't in the maximum-security facility . That is something we have to sit down and take a look at . " Lane escaped , along with two other men , about 7:40 p.m. Thursday . He was back in custody about shortly after 1 a.m. Friday . "  You never plan on someone escaping and certainly someone of that notoriety , you would think that they would take special precautions to prevent this , " Ian Friedman , who represented him at his trial , said late Thursday . "  This was a huge case here in Ohio . So , everyone in Ohio is shocked right now . " Friends , family remember Ohio school shooting victims Prison infractions The Allen Oakwood Correctional Institution houses about 1,600 inmates guarded by 257 security personnel . A Correctional Institution Inspection Committee report in April said the facility was over capacity by 217 inmates . In addition , the number of inmate assaults on staff increased by 60.7 % last year , compared with 2012 . No escapes were mentioned in the report . In the 18 months he 's been there , Lane was disciplined seven times , according to The Plain Dealer newspaper . The infractions ranged from urinating on a wall to giving himself a tattoo , the paper said . Lane escaped with Clifford E. Opperud , 45 , who was serving time for aggravated robbery , and another man . All three have been captured . Chardon is about 190 miles away from Lima . "  We 're upset this happened , " said Ron Parmetor , whose nephew Daniel Parmetor , 16 , was one of Lane 's victims . Parmetor says he wants answers ; how could Lane just escape ? The other two victims were Demetrius Hewlin , 16 , and Russell King Jr. , 17 . Chardon schools will be closed Friday , but counselors and other support services will be provided , the school district superintendent said . Community shaken Chardon is a community of 5,100 people , some 30 miles east of Cleveland . It was shaken by the shooting at the high school , and further traumatized by Lane 's behavior in court . Lane pleaded guilty last year to three counts of aggravated murder , two counts of attempted aggravated murder and weapons-related charges . But he never offered an explanation . He was sentenced to consecutive sentences of life without parole and additional sentences totaling 37 years . At the sentencing hearing , Lane unbuttoned his blue dress shirt to reveal a white T-shirt on which he had scrawled the word "  KILLER " across the front . He had on a similar shirt during his shooting rampage . Before the sentencing , he addressed the victims ' families using profane imagery and ending with the expletive , "  F -- all of you . " He then held up his middle finger . "  For everyone in that courtroom -- the victims , their families , the prosecutors , defense -- everyone in that courtroom was just absolutely taken aback , " said Friedman , who has n't talked to Lane in about a year . "  There was no way to fully comprehend what happened in the courtroom that afternoon . " T.J. Lane tightlipped about motive , escape Ohio school shooter shows contempt , no remorse during sentencing	Report : In 18 months at facility , Lane was disciplined seven times He was one of three inmates who escaped from the prison Lane killed three students at his high school in 2012 He wore a T-shirt with "  killer " written across the front
Chicago  CNN  -- The headline in the Chicago Tribune left no one in any doubt . "  Obama Solid in Illinois . " The latest polls are clear -- President Barack Obama will carry his home city and state and scoop up its 20 electoral college votes in his battle for re-election by a large majority . Illinois will vote Democrat , as it has for the past five elections . Obviously Chicago is amongst the last places to get an unbiased opinion on this year 's presidential race . This is the absolute heart of Obama country . It is the place where Obama lived and taught law . The city where he started his political life , first elected to the state legislature then , in a few short years , honing his policies for national office . Full coverage : CNN 's Election Center Illinois is where he announced his run for the presidency . Four years ago , in Chicago 's Grant Park , the new President-elect Obama delivered his victory speech in front of tens of thousands of screaming supporters . So if this mid-western city is so firmly in the Obama camp , why am I here ? What can I hope to learn from a place so biased they should just weight his vote rather than count it ? It is the perfect place to start my American Quest . See more : American Quest in pictures Chicago is the third largest city in the U.S. Here , the buildings rival New York 's in size and beauty . The hardy mid-western people play on the national stage . Chicago is a confident , muscular city whose people need none of the tinsel show-and-tell of the west , nor the power posturing of the east . Boeing , McDonald 's , United Airlines and Kraft foods are some of the global companies headquartered in the metropolitan area . Here , they make things . Early today , as I stood by the Buckingham Fountain , just yards from where Obama addressed his adoring base four years ago , the city was at its resplendent best . Debate analysis : Biden , Ryan slug it out A crisp breeze blew in from Lake Michigan and a rainbow appeared in the fountain 's spray , forming a perfect arc over the magnificent skyline . Chicago was putting on a show of contended bravado . By starting here , we gauge how the faithful view their man , before we delve into those parts of the country where the doubters , naysayers and downright critics live . This American Quest will take us from Chicago to the swing states of Iowa and Colorado . We will sojourn in the strong Romney state of Utah , home of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints , whose followers are known as Mormons . And we will end up in California , a state which even though it will almost certainly vote Democrat , we can learn much of the trends for the future . Five States : Two Swing . Two Democrat . One Republican . Austan Goolsbee was head of Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers and is now a professor in Chicago 's prestigious Booth School of Business at The University of Chicago , where Obama taught law . He told me we will find many different types of economies as we travel by rail to California . Read more : The 25 funniest tweets about the VP debate Some states , like Illinois , with its wide variety of industries , have rebounded strongly from the recession . At 9.1 % unemployment , it is above the national average and amongst the worst in the country . But the state 's mainstay , Chicago , has bounced back . A diverse economy across services and manufacturing has helped insulate it from the severest bite of the economic chill . As we travel across America , Goolsbee points out that we will see how the rise in commodity prices has benefited other Great Plain states like Iowa , which should benefit the president in this swing state . Then we will head to Colorado , which Goolsbee calls "  ground zero " in the White House race because of its mixture of new business and old . This is where the economy is being reborn through new business like health care and technology . Map : Voices from around the world But more depressingly , out of the window of our train we will see neighborhoods in Nevada built with more optimism than pragmatism , now abandoned to economic fate and foreclosure . More than half the state 's homeowners are "  underwater , " owing more to the banks than their properties are worth . We will end our journey in California . Lively . Maverick . Trendsetting -- and amongst the most diverse states socially and economically . The Golden State 's manufacturing and high tech industries will warrant close inspection . This journey is more than just about "  the economy , stupid " although that is by far the single biggest concern . Expect issues of birth control , same sex marriage , gun laws and more to be on our menu . And throughout we will return to the comfort of our Amtrak train , to muse on our findings as we cross these United States . When I asked him what he thought of our plan to cross all of these states by rail , Goolsbee said he thought we were crazy . Personally , I ca n't wait to see all this for myself .	CNN 's Richard Quest is traveling across the U.S. for American Quest , which will air from October 29 He has started in Chicago -- the heart of President Barack Obama country By starting in Chicago , Quest will understand how the faithful view their man Quest will travel across the U.S. , through five states : Two Swing . Two Democrat . One Republican
CNN  -- AC Milan captain Gennaro Gattuso has been charged for head-butting Tottenham 's assistant manager at the end of his side 's Champions League loss on Tuesday . Football 's European governing body told CNN on Thursday that Gattuso faces a charge of "  gross sporting misconduct " after he clashed with former Milan player Joe Jordan following the 1-0 first-leg defeat at the San Siro . UEFA said the 33-year-old 's case will be discussed at a meeting of its disciplinary and control panel in Switzerland on Monday . The former Italy midfielder was already due to miss the return leg of the last-16 tie at White Hart Lane in March because of an earlier booking during the game , but according to UEFA 's rules this could be extended to at least a three-match suspension . Why Gattuso has to lose his cool In a tense encounter between the Italian Serie A and English Premier League sides , Gattuso had already clashed with 59-year-old Jordan before the incident with the former Scotland international on the sidelines at the final whistle . The ex-Glasgow Rangers player also came to blows with Spurs goalscorer Peter Crouch during the match , and received a yellow card for a foul on South Africa midfielder Steven Pienaar . However , Gattuso has apologized for his behavior towards Jordan and said he would have to accept the consequences of his actions . "  I lost my head and I 'm taking responsibility because I did something I should n't have done , " he told reporters . "  I made a mistake doing what I did to an older person , and that 's it . I will wait and see what UEFA decides now . "	Gennaro Gattuso faces charge of "  gross sporting misconduct " over head-butting incident Gattuso clashed with Tottenham assistant manager at end of Champions League match AC Milan captain 's case will be discussed at a UEFA disciplinary hearing on Monday Midfielder already banned from return leg in London , and suspension could be extended
French President Francois Hollande met with Pope Francis privately Friday amid media speculation over his alleged affair with an actress . Hollande also plans to meet Vatican Secretary of State Pietro Parolin and French clergy while in Rome . Hours before he arrived at the Vatican , a small bomb exploded in central Rome near a French foundation and French cultural center , police said . The blast damaged three cars and broke windows in two nearby buildings , said Agostino Vitolo , a spokesman for Italy 's military police , or Carabinieri . There 's been no claim of responsibility for the bomb . It 's unclear whether its detonation is linked to the visit by the French President . Hollande 's private life has been the subject of global headlines since claims in the French magazine Closer of a two-year affair with actress Julie Gayet . The allegations of an affair have left the position of the President 's partner , Valerie Trierweiler , in some doubt . It 's not clear whether she will accompany Hollande on a state visit to Washington next month . Hollande and Trierweiler are working to issue a "  clarification " concerning their relationship , Trierweiler 's attorney , Frederique Giffard , told the French daily newspaper Le Figaro in an interview published late Thursday . After the alleged love affair , Trierweiler "  truly wants to resolve the matter in order to come out of it in the most dignified way possible , " Giffard told Le Figaro . Trierweiler has been Hollande 's partner for several years . Last weekend , she left the hospital where she 'd spent a week being treated for stress and fatigue , Paris Match magazine reported . The same magazine -- where Trierweiler is a longtime correspondent -- said Saturday that she would recover for "  several days " in an official residence in Versailles . Hollande may hope his visit to Rome will help improve his standing in France , a majority-Catholic country . His relationship with many Catholics was damaged by a bruising battle last year over the passage of a law allowing same-sex marriage and adoption . The measure was one of Hollande 's election pledges . The Catholic Church in France opposed the legislation . Many of the faithful joined huge marches in protest against it , but they were unable to stop it from becoming law . Nationwide , Hollande has seen his personal approval ratings plummet since his election in 2012 , although this has been attributed to dissatisfaction with his leadership rather than disapproval of his private life . A recent survey by French pollster Ifop with French newspaper Le Journal du Dimanche found that more than 80 % of respondents had not changed their opinion of the President based on the allegations of an affair .	President Francois Hollande meets with Pope Francis at the Vatican The French President 's visit to Rome comes amid turmoil in his private life Hours before his visit , a small bomb exploded near buildings with links to France Hollande and Valerie Trierweiler are working to clarify their relationship , Le Figaro says
CNN  -- When it comes to winning , Coach Beverly Kearney , University of Texas head women 's track and field coach , knows how to get the job done . With a coaching career spanning nearly three decades , she has won seven NCAA championships and coached 12 Olympians . In 2007 , she was inducted into the USTFCCCA Coaches Hall of Fame . Needless to say , Kearney 's athletes are known to get results . "  They would say that I 'm tough . That I believe in being the best you can be at all times , " she says . "  I am going to demand their best , and I am relentless at it . " But for Kearney , success means more than coming in first place . Her goal is to make others successful beyond the finish line , so she founded the Pursuit of Dreams Foundation . Designed around Kearney 's coaching philosophy , the nonprofit strives to connect young men and women with needed resources to realize their fullest potential . "  If I could utilize the techniques that I used to produce results in sports , why ca n't I utilize those techniques to produce results in life , " Kearney says . "  Pursuit of Dreams is about connecting people with the inner magic that lies within them ... that let 's them know , yes you can . No , better yet , yes we can . " The organization hosts many programs including a minority mentorship symposium , which introduces students of color to the back stories of notable leaders as a way to motivate and empower . "  If I can expose you to the best ... it has a great chance of inspiring you to be the best , " Kearney explains . Another one of the nonprofit 's programs is Pursuit of Excellence . Under this program , Kearney works with children and teens in foster care . Kearney and her team provide these children with new wardrobes , designed and custom tailored by a celebrity stylist . "  It 's that hands-on loving touch that makes them feel special , " Kearney says . "  Why not use your resources to inspire them to be better citizens , to pursue their dreams ? We are letting them know we care . " Kearney credits her life experiences as preparation for not only her nonprofit but her successful coaching career . While winning may seem to come easy for her , she is honest that her journey toward success was not without sacrifice and faith . During her senior year of high school , Kearney was homeless after her mother , a single parent , unexpectedly passed away . After short periods of staying with friends and family , Kearney graduated high school and went to college on a scholarship where she excelled in both academics and track and field . "  More than any other time I realized I was on my own , and that moment drove me to being successful , " she says . After college she received a graduate assistantship where she turned her love of track and field into a successful coaching career . She is the first African-American to win an NCAA national team championship in Division I track and field , and she is the first African-American to serve as a head coach at the University of Texas . "  I just knew I could n't fail , " Kearney says . "  If I failed I would be a shining example of why you do n't hire African-Americans and why you do n't hire women . " Kearney says what separates her from her competition is her empowering style that motivates her athletes to succeed . "  I wo n't give up on you , " she says . "  I do n't care how bad you do , I am not letting go . I will believe in you no matter what . As long as you keep trying ... I got your back . " Kearney 's determination was tested again when over a decade ago while on her way to Disney World she was involved in a tragic car accident that claimed the lives of two of her friends . Thrown over 50 feet from the car , she suffered extensive spinal injuries that left her partially paralyzed . Kearney says she never doubted her ability to walk again and continued to lead her team from her hospital bed . "  When they told me I was paralyzed , it went in one ear and out the next ... because I had to get up and coach , " she says . Track practices were recorded and then played for Kearney on a VCR in her hospital room . "  Because I was an intuitive coach ... whatever it is you need to do I can describe it in a way that you internalize it and you feel it without me having to demonstrate it . " Guided by her personal motto -- Believe it . Speak it , Do it -- Kearney continued to beat the odds and eventually learned to walk again . "  All that I have been through in my life has been the foundation that has created an unshakeable , unwavering faith that all things are possible , " Kearney says .	Beverly Kearney is the founder of the Pursuit of Dreams Foundation Pursuit of Dreams mentors men and woman through programming and inspiration Kearney was partially paralyzed in a car accident , but she learned to walk again
Jonathon Walters did n't know where to begin . He just knew he had to start somewhere , or he would n't be alive for much longer . His weight had caused him problems for years . In high school , he was wearing size 50 pants . As a junior , sick of the bullies and comments from teachers , Walters went to his father and told him he was dropping out of school . He recalls his dad saying , "  John , quitting is unlike anything else in life . It is only hard the first time you do it . After that it is habit and almost impossible to break . " His dad was right . Walters received his high school diploma through home schooling in 2006 . But in the years that followed , he quit college and multiple jobs . Now , though , the comic book colorist from Benton , Illinois , is finally sticking with something . His father 's death motivated him to lose 200 pounds in the last nine months , and he says he is n't looking back . ` My world had collapsed ' On May 6 , 2013 , Walters received devastating news : His father had died from a heart attack . He was 53 . According to Walters , his father was n't overweight or really out of shape , so his death was unexpected . "  My world had collapsed , " Walters said . Walters was despondent . He left his job as a telecommunications sales rep and did n't speak to practically anyone besides his wife and three young boys . Already heavy , Walters began packing on more weight in the weeks after his father died . He ate to numb the pain he felt , every night feeling the crushing weight laying heavy on his chest . "  At first I played the role of the victim and slowly let my obsession with food consume me , " he said . But then he had a realization about his father 's death . It hit him that he too would "  eventually run out of tomorrows . " On July 18 , he woke up and decided he had had enough . He was done . "  I was done being a burden to my family . I was done feeling pain every second of every day . I was done being stared at in grocery stores . I was done being the regular customer at fast food restaurants . I was done being the unhealthy version of me . "  I was done quitting everything I started . I was going to not only lose the weight , I was going to obliterate it . I was going to stop giving up . I quit quitting . " Facing reality Walters made a doctor 's appointment for the next day . He had no idea how he would do it , but he was determined to lose weight without surgery and knew he needed help . At the doctor 's office , he had to sit in the bench-style chairs because he was too large to fit in the regular seats . Facing reality was hard . He weighed 477 pounds , had high blood pressure and high cholesterol , as well as a severe fatty liver . He left the doctor 's office and started exercising the next day . "  I could barely walk without getting winded . After every time I went walking , I could feel pain in my legs and feet . It hurt so bad to keep going , but I knew it was temporary and giving up was permanent . " Walters would walk a quarter mile , then rest for 5 minutes . Slowly , he worked himself up to greater distances . Soon , he was up to 3 miles a day and was down 50 pounds . A few months later , he started running . Walters now runs 10 miles a day , lifts weights and works out on machines at the gym . He has completely changed his diet , lowering his carbohydrate intake , eating more vegetables and fruits , and increasing his protein consumption . He also cut out fried foods and soda . The 6 ' 3 " man currently weighs 270 pounds . He still wants to lose an additional 30 to 40 pounds , but at a much slower pace through weightlifting . He started a Facebook page to hold himself accountable and is inspired by all the messages he gets each day . Terri Hartman , a nurse practitioner who worked with Walters early on in his diet , said she 's thrilled with his progress . Besides changing his own life , she 's seen his lifestyle changes inspire others , including his two sisters , to become healthy . Walters has found new strength and willpower , Hartman says -- something that will aid him the rest of his life . This time , Walters is determined not to quit . "  It is n't about me anymore . My mission is to bring motivation to the masses and show them it does n't take any surgeries , pills or other products , " Walters said . "  I have three boys and a wife that count on me daily . ... Imagining my sons and wife without me , makes every ounce of effort I put in worth it . " He lost 125 pounds , but still felt fat Random online match helps man lose nearly 400 pounds	Jonathon Walters went from 477 pounds to 270 pounds His father 's unexpected death motivated Walters to make healthier choices Walters is determined not to quit for his family 's sake
Mashable  -- Within about two hours of reports first surfacing  and since confirmed by the President  that Osama Bin Laden had been killed , a Facebook Page titled "  Osama Bin Laden is DEAD " has already accumulated more than 150,000 "  likes . " The page appears to be adding thousands of likes by the minute with users also sharing hundreds of comments and links to stories about the news . Interestingly , the page itself appears to have been setup well prior to tonight as a way to advocate the theory that Bin Laden had actually died long ago . Mashable : How news of Osama Bin Laden 's death unfolded on Twitter The page description reads in part : "  Osama Bin Laden has not been found and will never be found because he died a long time ago . This may be news to you because it was n't in the news . His death is critical to the CIA because they want you to believe in this so called ` War on terror ' which has made the world a more dangerous place . If Osama Bin Laden was alive , he would 've been found -- just like Saddam Hussein . " Nonetheless , the page is now serving as a real-time discussion board for the historic news . See the original article at Mashable.com . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The page appears to be adding thousands of likes by the minute The page itself appears to have been setup well prior to tonight Almost as a way to advocate the theory that Bin Laden had actually died long ago
CNN  -- Usain Bolt , the anchor of Jamaican sprinting success for the past six years , led his 4x100m relay team to a new world record and in the process picked up his third gold for the second successive Olympic games . He pulled away from Team USA anchor Ryan Bailey about half way through the final leg to cross the line in a time of 36.84 seconds , beating the previous record of 37.04 seconds . The Jamaican team seemed to show no concern that regular anchor Asafa Powell was missing through injury , as they eased up through the gears and ensured some perfect baton changes to keep in their destiny in their own hands . The crowd cheered not only a perfect end to Jamaica 's campaign but also a great end to all the action within the Olympic stadium . And Bolt was celebrating with them , doing the ` Mo-Bot ' -- copying the celebration of British athlete Mo Farah , who completed a Olympic double earlier in the day winning the men 's 5,000 m as well as the 10,000 m earlier in the week -- as he followed his 100m and 200m golds with a relay victory . Bolt has now won seven out of eight of the major athletics competitions , only missing out on a World Championship 100m title in South Korea due to a false start . The United States claimed silver in a national record of 37.04 sec , which matched the previous world record . Meanwhile , Canada 's team of Jared Connaughton , Gavin Smellie , Oluseyi Smith and Justyn Warner crossed the line in third , but were disqualified after Connaughton ran outside his lane on the third leg . The bronze was given to Trinidad and Tobago .	4x100m team of Carter , Frater , Blake and Bolt post World Record time of 36.85 secs Usain Bolt wins three gold medals for the second successive Olympic games Team USA second at 37.04 secs after Bolt pulls away in the final leg of the race Canada are disqualified after the race and the bronze medal is given to Trinidad & Tobago
Everyone loves a good get-back-up , Rocky-style story . But inspirational tales do n't always have to star a guy in shiny shorts -- or a big city like Philadelphia . Sometimes the best against all odds tales are real ones , taking place in unsung towns , led by regular citizens energized to resuscitate once thriving destinations just as they appeared flat on the mat . Even big , star-studded cities face struggles and off decades , but what 's kept Main Street , USA alive amid interstates , mega-malls , national chains and closed stagecoach routes ? The heart and hard work of historic rebound towns like these . Coronado , California : The little peninsula that could Then : A storied SoCal getaway for adventure-seeking aristocrats and their servants stretching back to the Victorian era , Coronado suffered in the late 20th century with a 35 percent vacancy rate along its historic main drag , Orange Avenue , leaving locals wondering how to prevent this pretty peninsula on the far side of San Diego Bay from drowning . Now : One of the country 's most successfully revitalized coastal resort communities draws crowds of vacationers and window shoppers over the boomerang-shaped San Diego-Coronado Bridge onto streets lined with flowers and fully restored classical revival-style buildings . Wow : The iconic Hotel del Coronado  aka "  The Del "  remains one of the world 's grandest landmarks and most resilient beach hotels , with a who 's who guest list of celebs and dignitaries several generations long . Paducah , Kentucky : Small town with big art Then : In the 1980s , historic Lower Town was 20 square blocks of once-beautiful homes blighted by crime and neglect . Its commercial center sat 70 percent vacant . Now : More than $ 100 million in investment later , those same blocks are home to a vibrant arts and small business community that 's now listed on the National Register of Historic Places . With brick - and tree-lined sidewalks that attract more than $ 200 million in annual tourist income , the town underwrites an Artist Relocation Program that 's drawing resident artists and international visitors , and is considered a national model for utilizing the arts for municipal resurrection . Wow : Held each May , the Lower Town Arts & Music Festival was recently tapped among the state 's top spring festivals , featuring Western Kentucky 's best art , music , theater and food . New Iberia , Louisiana : Reborn on the bayou Then : Founded by the Spanish in 1779  originally called Nueva Iberia  and home to five brick factories in the 1890s , this vintage bayou town 's main street was a barren row of boarded-up shops not long ago , with its decaying landmark art deco theater , the Evangeline , looking like the sad inspiration for a forgotten Jim Carrey movie . Now : New Iberia 's latest renaissance has yielded a Great American Main Street Award and a revitalized commercial district featuring hot  and hot  Cajun eateries , rows of new shops and the beautifully restored Evangeline  now Sliman  Theater -- home to Louisiana Live Cajun and "  swamp pop " concerts . Wow : High points of a town tour include the pin-up antebellum mansion , Shadows-on-the-Teche , and the original Tabasco factory and 250-acre Jungle Gardens on Avery Island , just seven miles down the road . Frederick , Maryland : After the flood ... cute shopping ! Then : Once a hospice for Civil War casualties , this proud Colonial-era city endured late 20th-century battle fatigue after getting sidestepped by a new interstate , losing its retail core to outlying shopping malls and being hit by a massive flood in the mid-1970s that turned nearly 100 acres of its historic downtown into a temporary swamp . Now : Frederick is revived , with a nearly chain-proof red brick commercial district lined with indie shops , destination restaurants and weekenders from D.C. and Baltimore  both about an hour away  escaping here instead of the other way around . Wow : Stroll along Carroll Creek Park 's pedestrian bridges and brick pathways lined with public art and it 's hard to believe this green space was originally a flood control project . Ely , Nevada : The mettle of nowhere Then : Originally a Pony Express station , this remote Nevada town 's mineral mining fortunes boomed and busted through the 20th century , taking their biggest toll during the 1970s copper market crash . Now : Copper is back , as is gold mining , but Ely 's latest boom is as a weekend escape between Las Vegas , Reno and Salt Lake City  the nearest major town , 241 miles away  . Way out on Highway 50  aka The Loneliest Road in America  , you 'll find wallet-friendly Wild West imagery like the Hotel Nevada & Gambling Hall  from 1929  , the Jailhouse Casino 's Cell Block Steak House  fine dining behind bars  and several land-of-the-lost state parks about as busy as the moon . Wow : You can augment the Western experience by boarding an authentic steam-powered train on the Ely-based Nevada Northern Railway for a 90-minute chug through the Silver State 's timeless outback . DeLand , Florida : Classic revivalist Then : Conceived in the 1870s as an "  Athens of Florida "  emphasizing education and culture  by baking soda baron Henry DeLand , the small but big-thinking central Florida community gave rise to grand Victorian homes and Stetson University before succumbing to financial hardship , deteriorating neighborhoods and 75 percent downtown vacancy in the mid-1980s . Now : After a magical civic recovery an hour from Disney World , downtown DeLand 's rows of shops , restaurants and museums along Woodland Boulevard and Indiana Avenue include the restored 1921 art deco Athens Theater , nearby Artisan Alley and a revived Garden District that inspired an award-winning documentary about urban renewal . Wow : Housed in the basement of an old bank building , the Mainstreet Grill has been voted DeLand 's best restaurant for more than a decade , and serves a "  Spectacular Sunday Brunch Buffet " to prove it . Libertyville , Illinois : Revival , take two Then : Established as a bedroom community for Chicago 's elite in the early-mid-20th century , Libertyville receded into drab suburb status in later decades . Its first stab at revitalization in the 1960s -- a poorly conceived series of modernization projects dubbed Operation Face-Lift -- led only to more boarded-up storefronts over the next 20 years . Now : Unveiling its old Victorian facades and regaining its roots as a homey , Midwestern Americana detour from the big city , Libertyville 's four-block epicenter along Milwaukee Avenue  35 miles from the Loop , and a world apart  is lined with boutiques , foodie shops and an important microbrewery  Mickey Finn 's  on Windy City pub hop maps . Wow : If it 's Thursday between 7 a.m. and 1 p.m. , it 's Farmer 's Market time  June-October  on Church Street across from Cook Park -- a tradition for more than three decades . El Dorado , Arkansas : Raising the boom Then : Home to a 1920s oil rush that brought high hopes , rows of new buildings and 30,000 people to "  Arkansas ' Original Boomtown , " the golden opportunity of El Dorado 's namesake gave way to the Great Depression and perpetual economic hardship . By 1980 , the town 's commercial district was barely ticking . Now : Thanks to one huge civic mobilization , mass restorations , a new $ 14.4 million conference facility and a roster of annual festivals , El Dorado has recouped its reputation as "  the pride of south Arkansas . " The once desolate downtown is now lined with more than 65 specialty shops , eateries , inns and the state 's only operating art deco theater . Wow : Each May , the Bugs , Bands & Bikes festival features thousands of revving motorcycles gathered for a bike show/parade and a two-day Battle of the Bands -- all seasoned with hundreds of pounds of the region 's best crawfish . What 's your favorite small town success story ? Let us know in the comments section below .	Once down on their luck , these historic towns have become attractions again Coronado , California , has more than just its famous namesake hotel going for it In Frederick , Maryland , it 's hard to believe Carroll Creek Park was originally a flood-control project New Iberia , Louisiana 's , renaissance has yielded a Great American Main Street Award
Honolulu  CNN  His weeks-long stay in Hawaii largely uninterrupted by major news , President Barack Obama flies back to a redrawn Washington late Saturday prepared for a renewed economic push he hopes will set up a productive final presidential quarter . He faces an uphill battle : Newly powerful Republicans take control of both chambers of Congress next week , and the nation 's political attention will quickly turn to the next presidential contest as candidates declare their intentions in the next few months . Expecting to receive GOP-passed measures gutting his health care law , approving the Keystone XL pipeline , and undoing his executive actions , Obama has said he 's ready to wield veto power that 's largely been unused during his presidency . But his aides say Obama is hoping to avoid a year of reaction focused solely on rebutting the GOP . Instead , the White House says , he 'll look to present an affirmative agenda that builds upon the nation 's economic gains . On areas like tax reform and trade , Obama has said he 's open to working with Republicans , who made major gains in November 's elections and now control the Senate . But administration officials say they 're not under any illusions that Republicans in the next Congress will be more willing to work with Obama than those in the last . That means the go-it-alone strategy of last year , which relied on unilateral action to exact change , has n't been completely retired , officials say . In a bid to jump start the year 's governing -- and exploit momentum following the raft of late-2014 executive actions -- Obama next week will start a three-week preview period for his late-January State of the Union address . Obama 's chief speechwriter , Cody Keenan , was kept busy drafting the annual speech while along with Obama for his Hawaii vacation . The President will make targeted stops in Detroit , Phoenix and Tennessee next week to promote , respectively , advances in the American auto industry , housing gains , and his education platform . The White House said during Obama 's tour he would promote both executive actions and proposals for legislation . "  The President is eager to get to work , and looks forward to working with the new Congress on policies that will make sure middle class Americans are sharing in the economic recovery , " said Eric Schultz , a White House spokesman . "  There are a number of issues we could make progress on , but the President is clear that he will not let this Congress undo important protections gained - particularly in areas of health care , Wall Street reform and the environment , " Schultz said . Obama has only vetoed two measures in his six years in office , though White House officials expect that to change quickly as Republicans assume power on Capitol Hill . One of the first measures lawmakers will debate is a bill approving the controversial Keystone pipeline , which environmentalists oppose . The White House has suggested it would reject any measure from Congress approving the pipeline , since the review process in place at the State Department is still underway . Areas of compromise exist : both Republicans and Obama say they 're interested in overhauling the corporate tax structure and pushing through major trade deals with Europe and Asia . But those projects face opposition from Democrats , who worry they could favor large companies over working class Americans . "  We certainly hope they work with Congress instead of continuing to campaign against it , " said Don Stewart , a spokesman for the incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . "  But remember , the biggest hangup on things like trade has been the President 's own party . They oppose entitlement reform , trade , revenue neutral tax reform . " Stewart said that could mean Obama is forced to spend negotiating time with both Republicans and Democrats -- "  something he 's been reluctant to do . "	President Barack Obama arrives back in Washington with the Hill under Republican control Obama will soon start a three-week preview period for his State of the Union address The President will make stops in Detroit , Phoenix and Tennessee next week
CNN  -- Barenaked Ladies have nixed their plans to play at SeaWorld after viewing CNN 's "  Blackfish " documentary . "  This is a complicated issue , and we do n't claim to understand all of it , but we do n't feel comfortable proceeding with the gig at this time , " the band said on a Facebook post late Wednesday night . "  The Seaworld folks have been gracious , and extended us invitations to the park to learn more about what they do , and how they do it . " A park spokesman told CNN that the show has been taken off the theme park 's concert schedule . The decision to cancel the Canadian rock band 's performance came two days after drummer Tyler Stewart posted a tweet saying the group is "  looking at options " after viewing the documentary . The documentary -- which aired on CNN last month -- tells the story of the SeaWorld trainer who was killed in 2010 by an orca named Tilikum . Fans launched an online petition last week asking the group to cancel after the Barenaked Ladies announced it would perform at SeaWorld 's Orlando park on February 15 , 2014 , during its "  Bands , Brew & BBQ " events . Mike Garrett of St. Catharines , Canada , posted the petition on Change.org asking band members to watch "  Blackfish " and "  learn how SeaWorld and other captive display facilities such as Marineland in Niagara Falls have for decades exploited marine mammals solely for profit . " Garrett said he was "  disappointed " when he heard the group was scheduled to play there "  in light of all the horrific information we 're learning . " "  I 'm hoping to grab the band 's attention on this issue and ask them , on behalf of all their animal-loving fans , to reconsider performing there , " Garrett wrote . His petition had gained more than 9,200 signatures by Wednesday afternoon . It worked . "  We here at Barenaked Ladies have made a decision based on what we feel . It 's not about money , or petitions , or press ... But it is about our fans , " the band said Wednesday night . "  We listen to them , and they 're important to us . " The park 's website does not list Barenaked Ladies on the schedule . February 15 and four other weekend dates just say "  Coming Soon . " Acts that are listed on the calendar include Willie Nelson , Cheap Trick , REO Speedwagon , Martina McBride , 38 Special , Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery . ` Blackfish ' sparks debate over taking kids to animal parks CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	NEW : The band says it does n't feel "  comfortable proceeding with the gig " "  Blackfish " tells the story of SeaWorld trainer killed in 2010 by an orca named Tilikum "  I 'm hoping to grab the band 's attention on this issue , " fan Mike Garrett says in petition
New York  CNN  -- Brooklyn gave roller coaster fans something to scream about Saturday . This weekend marks the 85th anniversary of New York 's most esteemed roller coaster , the Cyclone . Nostalgic local residents and excited tourists gathered Saturday at Luna Park in Coney Island to help celebrate the anniversary of the treasured landmark . The Cyclone , which debuted on June 26 , 1927 , helped revolutionize entertainment in amusement parks across the United States . The roller coaster , made mostly of wood , has an 85-foot drop to start and is followed by several drops and turns . Luna Park honored the ride 's original fare of 25 cents for the first 85 minutes Saturday . The 2012 price to ride is $ 8 . Players from the Brooklyn Cyclones minor league baseball team were on hand around the park for a "  meet and greet " with fans . The day 's festivities , many of them free , were to be followed by a fireworks display over the Coney Island beach . "  This ride has really stood the test of time " said Johanna Zaki , marketing manager for Central Amusement International . "  It 's been around for so many years that families get to share their experiences from generation to generation , " she said . Zaki said visitors lined up three hours before the park opened Saturday . The Cyclone was declared a New York City landmark in 1988 . Three years later , it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places . This summer , Disney goes big in California America 's cleanest  and dirtiest !  beaches Did you ride the Cyclone as a kid ? Tell us about it and all of your favorite summer memories in the comments .	Cyclone roller coaster debuted in June 1927 Coney Island fixture starts with 85-foot drop Riders on Saturday paid the original 25-cent fare
Islamabad  CNN  -- The spotlight on so-called "  honor " murders in South Asia and across the world in recent days has raised awareness about the deaths of countless innocent victims , but condemning the act and its perpetrators does little to end the murders or address the root causes of the problem . I started my career as a gender specialist working in many countries where "  honor " murders and other acts of violence against women often found considerable public support . As a naÃ ¯ ve and newbie rebellious activist , I never asked "  why ? " Instead I set out on my activism by loudly condemning the culture of violence against women in these regions as if it were an isolated phenomenon from other longstanding gender-racial-religious injustices I witnessed . British court convicts parents of murder in "  honor " murder Expressing my horror and repulsion of "  honor " murders with like-minded colleagues made me feel righteous and involved . But the more I focused my outrage on the perpetrators , the more I sensed a growing divide between "  them down below " and "  us up above . " Husband issued death sentence after I asked for divorce Of course , I was part of the "  us " -- the humane , the educated , the egalitarian . Today , I am an aid worker in Islamabad , Pakistan . It 's a job that has exposed me to the dehumanizing effects of war , poverty , economic disasters , and natural calamities . I have seen dehumanizing living conditions breed dehumanized people . The outcome is a nation where tens of millions of people live without their most basic needs being met . Every day I see Pakistanis robbed of their dignity , their hope , and ultimately their sense of significance . I believe every human being instinctively yearns for a sense of significance -- a reason why their absence or presence matters . In a culture where systematic dehumanization through corruption-fueled poverty makes a sense of self virtually impossible , I have found that it 's useless to merely condemn those seeking it by being an "  honor " killer or a "  protector of the Holy Book " or even a "  suicide bomber . " Instead , I blame the wealthy , powerful and educated elite for failing to humanize the masses . Not with charity and altruism -- which are acts that still preserve the "  us up here " and "  them down there " divide -- but by demanding true political , economic and institutional change . I am well aware of the stakes at hand . A large section of Pakistan 's powerful elite is made up of landlords exploiting a deeply rooted feudal system . Today , the feudal elite is entrenched in Pakistan 's political system . For the feudal elite to eradicate poverty and ignorance , they must conjure the political will to create equality by pushing for land reform . They must pay for education and social welfare programs by enacting new tax laws . And they must demand transparency in government to end corruption . These drastic policy shifts are likely counterintuitive to the power elite 's longstanding views on governance , but a solution to "  honor " murders and the many injustices and inequalities in Pakistani society starts here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dania Gharaibeh .	Dania Gharaibeh : Condemning the act and its perpetrators does little to end the murders As an aid worker , she blames the wealthy , powerful elite for failing to humanize the masses She says feudal system in Pakistan is preventing equality and the chance to battle ignorance Gharaibeh : Dehumanizing living conditions breed dehumanized people
CNN  A photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the Nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country . His tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on Saturday , April 25 , killing more than 5,000 people and injuring at least twice as many more . His name is Sonit Awal , and he 's just four months old . On Saturday , Sonit was at home in Muldhoka , Bhaktapur , east of the capital Kathmandu , when the 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through Nepal and neighboring countries , according to Kathmandu Today . The house collapsed , burying the child , leaving his father Shyam Awal frantically searching for him amid the rubble . A desperate Awal called the Nepalese Army , and they too scrambled through the dirt and debris until midnight , before giving up hope and leaving . Sonit 's father had lost all hope of finding his son alive , the paper reported , until he heard faint cries from below . On Sunday morning , the soldiers returned and at 10 a.m they lifted Sonit clear of the fallen rocks , beams , bricks and dust that had trapped him for 22 hours . His rescuers held him high in their hands to the sun , though his eyes were still wedged tightly shut . Sonit 's face was exposed during the whole ordeal , though a hooded top and shawl protected his head and body during the cold night spent under rubble . The baby was taken to Bhaktapur Hospital and found to be uninjured ; His unlikely rescue provides some hope to a country that has experienced so much loss .	Baby Sonit Awal found in rubble of Nepal earthquake , Sunday morning Spent 22 hours buried under his home after 7.8-magnitude quake
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- A new restored version of "  Modern Times , " one of the greatest films in the Hollywood canon , has recently been released . The film , which came out in 1936 , vividly captured the anxieties that gripped industrial workers at the height of the Great Depression . Unfortunately , the comedy works as well today as it did over seventy years ago , another sign that all is not well with our economy . In the opening scene , viewers see the Little Tramp , played by Charlie Chaplin , working on an assembly line . Many generations of viewers have laughed as they watched Chaplin try to keep up with the mind-numbing repetition of bolts that must be tightened as they make their way to him on the conveyer belt . Whenever he or his co-workers stop , for even a second , they must frantically scramble to catch up . Chaplin suffers a nervous breakdown and is placed in a hospital . His misfortune continues . When the Little Tramp leaves the hospital , he steps right into the front lines of a communist march . He is mistaken as one of the leaders of the protest . He is arrested and thrown into jail . The Little Tramp eventually escapes during a jail break . Much of the rest of the film follows the Little Tramp and his girlfriend , the Gamine , as they imagine a life of middle-class luxuries . The two break into a department store one night , experiencing what it would be like to enjoy all the new goods that were being offered in the emerging world of mass consumption . In one scene , the Tramp and the Gamine rest by a tree outside a nice neighborhood , watching a couple say goodbye . "  Can you imagine us in a little home like that ? " the caption reads . They think about what it must be like before a policeman tells them to move along . Later , they have a chance to live their dreams , but they must do so in a broken-down shanty where the walls fall over and a wood plank keeps crashing down on Chaplin 's head from the ceiling . This is their reality . "  Modern Times " seems all too familiar for many Americans who are living through an economic nightmare in 2010 . Although working conditions for many Americans have vastly improved since the 1930s and citizens can count on certain basic provisions upon their retirement , current economic conditions have created the same kind of despair captured by Chaplin in this film . Other than the upper-income Americans who are enjoying the fruits of a rebounding stock market , most are struggling to survive with an unemployment rate hovering at 9.5 percent  and an underemployment rate , which includes the unemployed and those working part-time seeking full-time work , that is over 19 percent  . They are fearful about keeping their jobs if they have one , obtaining jobs if they do n't , being able to pay for their family 's needs , saving for retirement , and facing local and state governments cutbacks in essential services such as school programs . Yet politicians are not dealing with this crisis and the private sector has not offered solutions . The problem is much deeper than the recession . The stagnant unemployment rates have been produced by a number of forces that have long been brewing in the economy . For decades , businesses have been shifting their plants overseas . They have been setting up shop in places where labor is cheap and unions are nonexistent . While much of this shift began with factory jobs , a growing number of white-collar jobs have left as well . The U.S. has fallen behind in many sectors of the economy such as clean energy and is even starting to feel competition in once-dominant sectors such as science . Public policy , as many scholars have shown , has combined with globalization to undercut the security that many Americans had enjoyed in the post-World War II era , at the same time that income inequality has vastly increased . Rising medical and educational costs have squeezed the financial resources of families as they face these challenges . There will continue to be a debate about which are the most important factors behind the current crisis , but the outcome is indisputable . American workers are struggling . Velma Hart is a poignant example . Hart was the woman who confronted President Obama when she asked , "  I 've been told that I voted for a man who said he 's going to change things in a meaningful way for the middle class ... I 'm waiting ... Is this my new reality ? " Unfortunately , Hart found out her answer when she was laid off by a nonprofit organization in Maryland . According to the national director of the organization where she worked , "  It 's not anything she did . She got bit by the same snake that has bit a lot of people . It was a move to cut our bottom line . Most not-for-profits are seeing their money pinched . " Too many of the nation 's workers are finding themselves right back where Chaplin 's character was in 1936 . Ultimately , many Americans did experience better lives when the New Deal stabilized conditions and increased government spending in World War II helped stimulate the economy . Innovation and public-private partnerships resulted in a vibrant period for the American economy during the 1950s and 1960s , one that the historian James Patterson has characterized as an era of "  Grand Expectations . " Today the political system seems paralyzed in its efforts to find ways to regenerate the economy . As a new generation of Americans are exposed to the film for the first time , they might find themselves laughing a bit too hard and seeing a little of themselves in Chaplin 's shoes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .	Charlie Chaplin 's 1930s film depicted anxiety of workers unable to get ahead Julian Zelizer says many of its themes resonate in today 's hard times While workers have made progress , they remain at the mercy of economy , he says Zelizer : Politicians not dealing with crisis ; private sector has not offered solutions
