CNN  -- I knot my black tie carefully . I have n't worn it since my grandmother 's funeral . I check my reflection in the shop windows near Westminster as I walk towards the chapel where my "  other mother " lies in her coffin . For five years , I 've been writing "  Maggie & Me , " my memoir of surviving Thatcher 's 11 years in power . I feel surprisingly protective or perhaps possessive about my relationship with the woman we called Maggie . She privatized my fractured family into poverty by closing the steelworks where my dad toiled and cutting my mother 's disability benefits , all while not seeming to care about any of it . And yet , as my family descended into chaos and eventually abuse , Maggie was always there in some sense ; always encouraging me to get an education , to get away , to be an individual . At 9am on the dot , I find a place right opposite Big Ben near Westminster Abbey . I will see her hearse as it leaves the scene of her greatest political battles . At this time in the morning , there are more police than observers on the scene . They 've been on duty since 5am but remain good-humored . There are sniffer dogs and through the drizzle we catch flashes of color amidst the crenelations of parliament -- snipers on the roof . Read more : Mourners bid farewell Tourists stop to take pictures . People who have to get to work are annoyed that the road is closed and they have to walk the long way round . A young woman , dressed entirely in cobalt blue from shoes to headscarf , joins my prime spot . She looks like a Thatcherite nun . Much fuss has been made about granting permission for protest but I come across only two placards and these are about the Â # 10 million cost of the funeral . It 's hard to see where this vast sum has been spent . There 's no sign of bread , nor circuses . I am here to close not just a chapter of my life but a whole book . At various points , Maggie turned her back on me but I wo n't do that to her today . "  I would n't give her the satisfaction , " I think to myself , and I feel oddly nostalgic . There 's a definite sense of loss . Or is it release ? Grief or relief ? Maybe both . When Labour Party leader John Smith died I was heartbroken and this is certainly not that . But I do have some things to thank her for . I feel determined to show her at least some of the respect in death that she did n't show me , my family , or my community in life . So I stand with dignity as a small crowd forms . The usual anti-war protesters are seated on their chairs with signs . I wonder if they are glad to have a bigger audience or feel infringed upon ? Read more : How life might have been without Thatcher It 's 9:45 am now , and Big Ben bongs while he can . "  Is this the bell which summons me to heaven or to hell ? " I wonder . Now the police seem to be multiplying in force . I see three soldiers in desert fatigues with green berets on . A brown-and-white spaniel sniffer dog is off the leash . "  It 's a moment in history is n't it ? " says a young Asian woman officer to a lady from Italy . With ten minutes 'til the top of the hour , a helicopter appears overhead . At exactly 10am , and with surprising speed , Maggie 's hearse , flanked by half a dozen police on bikes , exits the chapel at Westminster . She 's punctual and impatient in death as in life , I think . Big Ben stays silent but the Abbey bells peal incongruously . People tutt loudly at this . There are more police than mourners -- their backs facing the coffin , not in protest but so they can keep their eyes on us . There are no jeers , or tears . That 's that . Done . The small crowd starts to shuffle off and a prim pensioner bustles up expectantly only to be told she 's too late . An impossibly young constable smiles his best consoling smile and says "  You 've missed her , madam . She 's gone . " Gone but not forgotten . Not yet . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Damian Barr .	Damian Barr has written a book on the Thatcher years -- "  Maggie & Me " Thatcher "  privatized his family into poverty , " he says He watches her hearse go by to show her the respect he says she did n't show him
CNN  Disney announced Thursday that its newest princess will be Elena of Avalor , a 16-year-old character inspired by "  diverse Latin cultures and folklore . " She 'll make her debut on Disney Junior 's animated show "  Sofia the First " next year , which is targeted at children ages 2 to 7 . Elena 's own eponymous spinoff series is set to premiere in 2016 on Disney Junior , as well as Disney Junior 's programming block on the Disney Channel . Aimee Carrero of ABC Family 's "  Young & Hungry " will voice the role . ` Frozen ' : Why kids ca n't ` Let It Go ' "  What excites us most is the chance to use distinctive animation and visual design to tell wonderful stories influenced by culture and traditions that are familiar to the worldwide population of Hispanic and Latino families and reflect the interests and aspirations of all children as told through a classic fairy tale , " Nancy Kanter , the executive vice president and general manager of Disney Junior Worldwide , said in the announcement . In fall 2012 , Disney faced harsh criticism after a producer of the "  Sofia the First " series announced that the title character was Latina . Disney Junior executives later clarified that the princess ' ethnicity had been misrepresented , adding that "  all our characters come from fantasy lands that may reflect elements of various cultures and ethnicities but none are meant to specifically represent those real world cultures . " Disney producer ` misspoke ' : ` First Latina princess ' is n't Latina	Elena of Avalor is Disney 's first Latina princess She 'll make her debut on the "  Sofia the First " series next year
CNN  -- Flash floods caused by persistent heavy rains in Oklahoma have claimed the life of a 13-year-old girl , the state medical examiner 's office told CNN Friday morning . The unidentified teenager went missing on Thursday after playing with friends at a drainage ditch in the Durant area , according to Cherokee Ballard , the office 's spokeswoman . Durant is less than two hours north of Dallas , Texas . Heavy rains have battered the Oklahoma area in recent days . A dramatic rescue captured Thursday in Oklahoma City by a CNN affiliate camera crew showed firefighters trudge through waist-high muddy floodwater to grab a trapped motorist out of his submerged car . Oklahoma Battalion Fire Chief Brian Stanaland said the motorist did not need medical attention . The girl is the third child to be swept away in Oklahoma flooding in less than a week . Rescuers searched for a 13-year-old boy earlier this week who they feared had drowned after falling into a creek swollen by heavy rains . Emergency crews Tuesday were able to fish a 14-year-old boy who fell into Lightning Creek out of the rushing waters , said Cecil Clay , chief of the Oklahoma City Fire Department . A flash flood warning remained in effect in several central Oklahoma counties Friday , the National Weather Service said . CNN 's Rick Martin and Divina Mims contributed to this report .	NEW : 13-year-old girl drowns after being swept away by floods , officials say Man rescued from submerged car Flash flooding is a problem in Oklahoma City recently Forecasters say flooding could continue Friday
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- I 'm a single father of a 12-year-old boy who every five minutes seem to switch personalities on me . One moment he 's a starving student athlete hungry enough to eat a cow , the next he 's a picky vegan . I 'm told by people much smarter than me that this is normal for a child going through puberty . And so , while I am not an overly religious man , I have found myself meditating on I Corinthians 13:4 to help me get through . Love is patient , love is kind . I believe there is something each of us can pull from that Bible verse . We may not agree on spirituality or the existence of God , but we can agree that love is one of the most beautiful and mysterious forces . When I 'm frustrated with my son , or a friend or even myself , I try to think about the characteristics of love described in I Corinthians before reacting . Be patient . Be kind . I felt the need to lean on that verse last week after yet another ballot defeat for marriage equality -- when voters in Maine repealed a state law allowing same-sex couples to marry . A visceral wave of anger swept over me as once again I was reminded of my second-class citizenship . I wanted to smash something . I wanted to punch somebody out . I wanted revenge . The last thing on my mind was I Corinthians . But at the very core of the debate over marriage equality is that scripture 's concept of love . It 's easy to love someone when there is no turmoil , no conflict . And it 's no accident that "  patient " is the first word Corinthians uses to describe love -- it 's first because it is most important . No matter how strongly we may feel about each other , we will not always agree , and it is in those moments that we must tap into the mystery of love even more to find a way to first be patient , and then be kind . That is true in marriage and in parenting . And it 's true in this much-accepted notion that we should love our fellow man . I 'm not suggesting the gay community should not be upset -- patient and kind does not mean complacent and apathetic . We must continue pressuring politicians to end civil injustice , but we 're not served if we allow hate and fear to dictate our words . We can not begin to change the nation 's mind if we can not first speak to the nation 's heart . With the economy and the swine flu and the recent tragedy at Fort Hood , it seems that everywhere there is a reason to hate and to fear . But I agree with my buddy Dierks Bentley , who sings in his song "  Beautiful World " : "  There 's tears and there 's fears and there 's losses and crosses to bear ; And sometimes the best we can do is just to whisper a prayer ; Then press on because ; There 's so much to live for and so much to love . " That might seem Pollyanna-ish , but the truth is that even if President Obama signed a law today to make all forms of discrimination based upon sexual orientation illegal , it would hardly mark the end of the gay rights movement . After all , true social change is n't revolutionary -- it 's evolutionary . That means we will have to continue our forbearance with those who oppose us -- from the black pastor who preaches that gay people should not be allowed to marry , to the white , closeted politician so afraid of losing his position that he would vote to oppress his own community . Through all of that , we will still have to find a way to love . Many gay rights activists like to draw parallels between the gay community 's struggles and those of blacks during the civil rights movement . It 's not uncommon to hear them echo the words of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. : "  Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . " "  In the end , we will remember not the words of our enemies , but the silence of our friends . " "  I have a dream ... " But as the frustration of the gay community grows , it is important that we -- and our allies -- do not forget another of Dr. King 's powerful quotes : "  Let no man pull you low enough to hate him . " In other words , hate the sin but love the sinner . It may seem weird to think in those terms because many well-meaning Christians also like to use that last phrase to justify oppressing gay people at the polls . But here 's what 's curious : The quote is from Mahatma Gandhi , a Hindu who said it in reference to his own people 's oppressors , who happened to be Christians . This undoubtedly inspired another one of Gandhi 's famous quotes : "  I like your Christ , I do not like your Christians . " You do n't have to like either in order to have love in your heart . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says gays should show patience after same-sex law defeated in Maine He says frustrated advocates must reject hate , focus on changing nation 's heart . As they face opponents , advocates should hate sin , love sinner , he says
CNN  -- Joe Metz , a straight-talking Texas rancher on the U.S.-Mexico border , awoke recently to find 50 cows roaming freely in his front yard . Undocumented immigrants , he says , left a gate open as they crossed his land , which abuts the Rio Grande . For years , he 's witnessed migrants and drug smugglers touch American soil for the first time on his property . "  We deal with this every day , " he said . But as a rancher in Hidalgo County , he also knows firsthand the need for labor to keep producers in the Rio Grande Valley operating . The traffic through his land frustrates him -- particularly the potentially dangerous drug traffic -- but he acknowledges that most crossers are looking for opportunity . It is an open secret that many of these undocumented immigrants will indeed find jobs in the local economy . More than 1,700 miles away , U.S. lawmakers are engaged in their own debate over how to balance security concerns and immigrant labor needs . The Senate has proposed one solution in the form of a sweeping immigration bill that the chamber passed last month . Border security figures prominently in that bill , and is also a priority for members of the House , where the debate has moved . Five reasons immigration reform is n't close Those who live and work on the border say there is a disconnect between the debate in Washington and the realities on the ground . Voices of the border communities Miles of border fencing built by the federal government -- actually a levy that was cut in half and reinforced with concrete to form a wall -- run across Metz 's property near Mission , Texas . Two 40-foot gaps exist in the barrier so that workers can access all parts of the ranch , but there are no gates , creating a funnel for migrants and traffickers to cross . Metz 's experiences make him hawkish on beefing up the border , but he does n't just want more border patrol agents . He wants to see work permits granted the millions of undocumented immigrants already living in the United States . The agriculture industry in the Rio Grande Valley depends on immigrant labor , he said . "  They  the government  just need to face up to the situation and give all these people work permits , " Metz said . Opinion : Immigrants are driving the housing recovery Migrants will keep coming across the border as long as there is work and a chance to make money , the rancher said . "  Farmers need the help , no doubt about that , because nobody wants to do the work , " said Jimmie Steidinger , a farmer and agricultural producer , in Donna , Texas . How immigration reform would affect 3 families For those whose lands are traversed by migrants , the biggest concern is drug traffickers , more so than economic migrants , he said . Putting undocumented immigrants on a path to citizenship would provide not just more able hands , but the relief of knowing who is crossing the border , he said . For others , securing the border is not about how many boots are on the ground . Border security means that people on both sides of the boundary feel safe , said Michael Seifert , coordinator of the Rio Grande Valley Equal Voice Network . That is not the case , he said . The Equal Voice Network represents 11 community-based organizations focused on the area 's poorest residents . To many of these residents , the border patrol is something threatening , Seifert said . Reports of heavy-handedness by border agents -- including use of force -- has bred mistrust among some border residents . In one case in Arizona last year , a border patrol agent shot and killed an adolescent who had been throwing rocks alongside several others at the border . The border patrol confirmed that agents were being assaulted with rocks and that after verbal warnings to stop , one agent fired his service weapon . Many in the community hear the stories of alleged beatings or use of stun guns by border agents and have become wary of their presence . "  We have a completely different perception " than outsiders , Seifert said . The fears of the community are compounded by the fact that many families live in mixed-status households , where some members are living in the country legally and others are n't , creating fear of separation . Seifert said a further buildup along the border would be bad both for businesses and the welfare of the communities . The view from Washington The Senate immigration overhaul bill passed only after being amended to include tough border security measures : Doubling the number of border patrol agents on the southern border to nearly 40,000 , increasing fencing to 700 miles and deploying more technology . In the Republican-controlled House , border security is being touted as a prerequisite before any undocumented immigrants are placed on a potential path to citizenship . "  I understand the issues our borders face and am committed to making sure the first thing that must be addressed with any immigration bill is strengthening and protecting the border , " said Rep. John Carter , R-Texas , a member of the bipartisan House group working on a bill . But some who study the border say the boundary with Mexico is as safe as it 's ever been , and it does n't make sense to flood the place with border agents . "  It sounds good and it looks good politically , " to add more agents , said Maureen Meyer , Senior Associate for Mexico and Central America at the Washington Office on Latin America , or WOLA . "  Calls for border security do n't always reflect reality . " Opinion : Should U.S. be more like Mexico ? Currently , the border patrol is already double the size it was in 2005 . As the agency grew , the number of illegal crossers apprehended decreased . In 2005 , each border agent -- on average -- apprehended 118 undocumented immigrants that year , according to data extrapolated by WOLA . Last year , that number fell to 19 apprehensions per agent . If the border patrol is doubled in size again , how much further would that number fall ? Would there be a lot of agents standing on the border doing nothing ? Not just a border issue About 70 miles north of the Rio Grande Valley lies Brooks County , a community that has seen the cost of illegal immigration up close , even though it is not located on the border . The county includes the town of Falfurrias , the site of the last border patrol checkpoint on Highway 281 . Make it past the checkpoint , and a smuggler or migrant could be home free . Most migrants try to avoid the checkpoint altogether , choosing instead to go around it by hiking deep into the vast tracts of ranch land . But too often they become lost , or succumb to the unforgiving heat and die . In 2012 , 129 bodies of migrants were found in Brooks County . At least 42 have been found so far this year -- 11 in the past two weeks . It can cost the county nearly $ 2,000 to pick up a body , transport it , and perform an autopsy . The county is also burdened with the costs of sending its deputies to these scenes instead of patrolling the community . The counties that are right on the border have access to federal funds to offset law enforcement and other costs , but Brooks County does not . KSAT : Immigrants survive wild ride in U-Haul truck The border "  is n't secure , and I do n't think they will ever secure it , " Brooks County Judge Raul Ramirez said . Still , Ramirez says that doubling the border patrol and prioritizing border security before immigration reform is not the answer . "  I think they do n't get it . I do n't think that 's the solution , " he said . More agents will not stop determined migrants , but will simply drive up the price that a smuggler charges , he said . It also raises the likelihood that smugglers will choose riskier routes , meaning that even more people may die from exposure , he said . What Ramirez would like to see is a deployment of current border agents to high-crossing areas , and a focus on catching drug traffickers . What do border agents want ? The border patrol would appear to have the most to gain from an immigration bill with a tough security component . It would mean more money and more manpower . But Shawn Moran , vice president of the union that represents border agents , the National Border Patrol Council , says that is not the case . Rather than spending millions hiring and training 20,000 new agents , it makes more sense to properly fund the existing force to bring the border patrol up to 100 % staffing for current agents , he said . That alone would be the equivalent of 5,000 new agents . Calls for increased technology , from sensors to unmanned aerial vehicles are nice , but they are just tools , Moran said . It takes an agent to make an arrest , he said . "  We appreciate the sentiment , but we think  the immigration bill  has to be tweaked a bit , " he said .	The Senate 's immigration bill calls for doubling the size of the border patrol The House is debating a strong security component to its bill , too Those who live on the border have a nuanced view of security Many want work permits for undocumented immigrants
CNN  -- Two U.N. peacekeepers have been freed in the Darfur region of Sudan more than four months after they were abducted while on patrol , the United Nations said . Hasan Al-Mazawdeh and Qasim Al-Sarhan , both Jordanian nationals , were abducted on August 20 in the town of Kabkabiya , about 87 miles west of El Fasher . Read more : President al-Bashir feels heat from ` Sudanese Spring ' The two police officers were patrolling the area as part of the joint African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur , known as UNAMID , at the time . Despite their 136 days in captivity , the two men are apparently unharmed and in good health , according to a statement from UNAMID . The statement did not give details about what led to their release on Wednesday . Read more : U.N. peacekeepers killed in Darfur The two Jordanians will be flown to the Sudanese capital , Khartoum , and on to their home country as soon as possible , the statement said . UNAMID thanked the governments of Sudan and Jordan , as well as the governor of North Darfur , for their help in securing the peacekeepers ' release . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	The two UNAMID police personnel were abducted while on patrol in August They appear to be unharmed and in good health , UNAMID said The two Jordanians will be returned home as soon as possible , it said
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman announced Friday he would resign , a day after the country 's Ministry of Justice said he would be charged with breach of trust and fraud . He said in a statement that he must resign from his government position "  in light of the circumstances of the case and details of the indictment . " Liberman maintains he has "  not violated any laws . " His resignation comes five weeks ahead of parliamentary elections scheduled for January 22 . Immediately following the announcement of the charges , Liberman said he would fight to stay in office . However , less than 24 hours later he had changed his mind after looking over the charges with his attorneys and advisers on campaign law . Liberman is a big player in the current political makeup of Israel and had just formed a coalition with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his party , Likud . But Liberman 's statement gave a hint that he may try to settle the case before the snap election is held . "  I am doing this also because I believe that the citizens of Israel are entitled to go to the polls after the matter has been decided on , that is to say , that a legal ruling will be decided on before the elections and this way I will be able to continue to serve the state of Israel and its citizens as part of a strong , united leadership that would tackle the security , diplomatic , and economic challenges facing Israel , " the statement said . Liberman 's party , Yisrael Beiteinu , said he will remain on the ticket and still run in the upcoming elections . The charges of breach of trust and fraud relate to a case dating to 2009 . Prosecutors said Liberman pushed to get the Israeli Ambassador to Belarus posted to another country after the diplomat allegedly handed over confidential information that included details of a secret police inquiry pertaining to Liberman . However , Attorney General Yehuda Weinstein said Thursday that Liberman would not face more serious corruption charges including money laundering and witness tampering , because of insufficient evidence . That decision closed a case that has spanned more than a decade and allegedly involved hundreds of millions of dollars transferred through foreign businessmen to companies Liberman owned while he was serving as a Knesset member and minister . He has long denied all the allegations . "  I have always operated according to the law and I have no reason to worry , " Liberman said last year . Liberman has faced international criticism for his hard-line stance on Israel 's Arab minorities . His ultra-nationalist party , the second-largest in the governing coalition , is especially popular with immigrants from the former Soviet Union , where Liberman was born and raised . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Avigdor Liberman hints that if charges are settled he may return to political arena Liberman is to be charged with breach of trust and fraud ; he denies wrongdoing His party , Yisrael Beiteinu , is the second biggest in the governing coalition in Israel Israel is due to hold elections on January 22
Washington  CNN  -- Friday 's government report showing a rise in unemployment shines a light on a new hurdle facing young people in need of work : The military is n't the reliable source of employment that it used to be . The Army and Marine Corps are getting smaller , and now there 's a nearly year-long waiting list just to get into boot camp , no matter which branch you want to join . The shrinking Army and Marine Corps are part of a long-planned reduction in the size of the armed forces . But the backlog for enlistees is a new issue . Incoming recruits will spend quite a bit of time before they see a Pentagon paycheck . "  Some may take a year or slightly longer , the typical new enlistee would probably be somewhere between 9 and 11 months , " Pentagon spokeswoman Cynthia Smith wrote in an e-mail . A lot of it has to do with the economy . "  In a tighter job market , young men and women may be more receptive to learning about the many opportunities the military has to offer , from competitive salaries and compensation packages , extraordinary education benefits , to valuable job skills and leadership training , " Smith said . It 's not just a tighter job market that has more people seeking to enlist . Defending America pays better than it used to . "  The average junior enlisted member , typically with just a high school degree , earns approximately $ 43,000 per year , " Smith said . And that does n't include benefits like free medical care and a government-paid retirement package that kicks in with 20 years of active-duty service . Smith said that since the war in Afghanistan began , troop salaries and benefits have jumped significantly . "  From 2002-2010 , military pay rose 42 % , housing allowances have risen 83 % , " she said . During the same time period , private-sector salaries rose 32 % . That , in some ways , is a good thing for the Pentagon , because it allows the services to choose the best possible candidates to defend our country . And the backlog helped former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates end a controversial Army program called stop-loss , in which soldiers were forced to stay in the Army beyond their original enlistment dates in order to fill a personnel shortage . Last month , Gates announced that no more soldiers are being stop-lossed . But for young people who ca n't , as hard as they try , find a job in the private sector , the backlog means the military is n't the solution they might have hoped for . For example , even if they get in , they may not get the kind of enlistment bonuses that troops got just a few years ago . For example , the Army reports that "  the average amount of bonus has gone down substantially over the past few years , " said Doug Smith , a spokesman for the Army 's recruiting office . He said that in 2008 , the average bonus for Army enlistees was more than $ 18,000 . It was less than $ 6,000 last year . But the services still pay bonuses for hard-to-fill jobs . For example , in the Marines , "  the more challenging the occupational field positions are to fill , the higher the bonus , " according to recruiting spokesman Maj. John Caldwell . "  Currently , our cryptologic linguists and electronics maintenance technicians get the highest bonus offered at $ 10,000 , " he said . And do n't expect the situation to get much better , at least for the Army and Marines . Both services are on a path to reduce the size of their active-duty forces starting next year . The Army will shrink by about 22,000 people , the Marines by at least 15,000 . All that means , if the economy does n't improve , would-be GIs and leathernecks will be competing with just as many people for even fewer jobs in uniform .	The military is n't the reliable source of employment that it used to be The Army and Marine Corps are getting smaller Average enlistment bonuses have also fallen
CNN  -- Two whistleblowers will divide nearly a half million dollars following the latest settlement between the Justice Department and independent contracting firms working in Iraq . DynCorp agreed to pay the U.S. government $ 7.7 million , and its subcontractor The Sandi Group promised to pay a bit more than $ 1 million dollars for overcharges they presented to officials , the Justice Department said Friday in a press release . Drew Halldorson and Brian Evancho , both former Sandi Group employees who alerted authorities about the overcharges , will divide $ 481,710 as their share of the government 's recovery in the case , according to the federal department . DynCorp was sued for inflated claims involving construction of camps from containers shipped to locations where contractors were able to set up temporary accommodations for fighting forces . The Sandi Group was sued for improperly seeking reimbursement for "  danger pay , " which it falsely claimed to have paid its employees in Iraq , the Justice Department claimed . "  The hard work of stabilizing Iraq is challenging enough without contractors and subcontractors inflating the cost of rebuilding by making false claims at taxpayer expense , " said Assistant Attorney General Tony West . Spcial Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction Stuart Bowen , Jr. said in the release that his office continues to pursue a number of other allegations involving false claims .	DynCorp will pay the U.S. government $ 7.7 million and The Sandi Group will pay $ 1 million The Justice Department says the payouts are because they overcharged for work in Iraq Two whistleblowers , who worked for The Sandi Group , will get part of these payments Federal investigators continue to look into other potential false claims in Iraq
CNN  -- A varsity football player from suburban New York high school died after colliding with an opponent during a game , a school official said . Tom Cutinella , a 16-year-old student at Shoreham-Wading River High School , suffered a serious head injury during Wednesday night 's game against Elwood-John H. Glenn High School , according to Suffolk County Police spokeswoman Joan Jesinger . Cutinella was transported to Long Island 's Huntington Hospital , where he died later , Jesinger said . He was the third high school football player to die in the last week , according to published reports . Jesinger said police were investigating Cutinella 's death . "  It was the result of a typical football play , " Superintendent Steven Cohen told reporters Thursday . "  It was just a freak accident . " Cutinella stood up after the collision and then collapsed , Cohen said . The player had been blocking for a teammate , Newsday reported . "  Right now , our focus is really on the suffering that Tom 's family and this community is going through , " Cohen said , adding that the issue of a possible concussion was a matter for later discussion . Cohen said Cutinella was "  beloved by everyone who knew him " and his death "  touched everyone in this community very deeply . " Cutinella excelled academically , had a great sense of humor and was a member of a peer-to-peer assistance program , Cohen said Shoreham-Wading River High School Principal Dan Holtzman said that a crisis team was assembled . "  We 've worked very hard to make the high school a very comfortable and family-like environment and the support that students are showing for each other today really demonstrates that , " Holtzman said . In Alabama , Demario Harris Jr. , 17 , of Charles Henderson High School in Alabama died Sunday -- two days after making a tackle in a football game , according to AL.com . The official cause of death was not immediately known . His father , Harris Sr. , wrote on Facebook : "  My family and me are dealing with a rough situation and we really appreciate everyone well wishes and prayers . And contrary to various media reports my son had a brain hemorrhage , not an aneurysm , that was caused by a hit he took during Fridays game . He may have had a pre existing condition but there is no way to tell now . " On September 26 , Isaiah Langston , a 17-year-old student at Rolesville High School in North Carolina , collapsed on the field before a game , according to CNN affiliate WTVD . On Monday , his family confirmed he had died . The official cause of death is not known but his older brother told WTVD that his collapse on the field "  had something to do with a blood clot in his brain . " 2013 : High school football player dies after tackle	A varsity football player dies after suffering game injury Tom Cutinella , 16 , was transported to a hospital and died later Police in New York say he suffered a serious head injury
CNN  -- Despite government claims of a ceasefire that will supposedly lead to the release of more than 200 girls abducted by Boko Haram , members of the Islamist terror group have abducted at least 60 young women and girls from Christian villages in northeast Nigeria , residents said Thursday . The heavily armed fighters left 1,500 naira , or about $ 9 , and kolanuts as a bride price for each of the women abducted Saturday , suggesting that they would be taken as sex slaves , residents told CNN . The latest abductions in the villages of Wagga and Gwarta raise serious questions about recent Nigerian government claims that more than 200 girls abducted by Boko Haram in April would be released soon as part of a ceasefire with the Islamist militants . Boko Haram has remained silent on the deal the government said it signed with the group in neighboring Chad last week . Nigerian officials have emphasized there is no set time line for the release , which will likely happen on a piecemeal basis instead of all at once . Boko Haram , meanwhile , has let its weapons do the talking , continuing five years of violence . Over the weekend , gunmen believed to be Boko Haram fighters attacked two villages and a town , killing at least eight people and kidnapping others . Residents of Wagga , near a town where more than 200 girls were abducted in April , told CNN that heavily armed fighters stormed the village Saturday and took away 40 women by force . The gunmen went door to door , seizing women and young girls and driving off in vans and motorcycles with them into the bush , resident Lazarus Baushe said . Enoch Mark , a priest from Chibok whose daughter and niece were among the more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in April in Chibok , said he received a call from an elder in Wagga on Saturday with word of the 40 women being abducted . Boko Haram : The essence of terror In Garta , another 20 women were abducted , and three people were killed , resident Solomon Bature told CNN . Residents of Pina , a nearby village , managed to escape into the mountains before the gunmen arrived , resident Bulus Maiyaki told CNN . Maiyaki said two residents were shot and killed . David Cook , who studies jihad , has doubts about the ceasefire deal going through . "  It remains to be seen whether this truce will actually materialize , whether it is merely an election ploy for Nigeria 's embattled President , Goodluck Jonathan , and most crucially whether it will bring about the release of numerous captives taken by Boko Haram during the past year , " he wrote in an analysis for CNN . The Islamists have employed particularly bloody tactics this year , killing thousands . Boko Haram has gone after Christians , foreigners and educated people , driving them out of the country 's northeast . And they have continued kidnapping . They have often sidelined Nigeria 's army . And government soldiers have at times mutinied , complaining of lacking support from the government . Boko Haram has been waging an insurgency in the country 's north since 2009 . What is Boko Haram ?	At least 60 young women and girls from northeast Nigeria are kidnapped by Boko Haram The weekend abductions come despite a supposed ceasefire with the government This casts doubts on Nigeria 's claims that girls kidnapped in April would be released
CNN  -- The line dividing work and leisure time is blurring right before our eyes , says one expert , and it 's creating a phenomenon called "  weisure time . " English cricket player Geraint Jones enjoys a "  weisure " moment during an Australian fishing trip in 2006 . Many who have n't already abandoned the 9-to-5 workday for the 24-7 life of weisure probably will do so soon , according to New York University sociologist Dalton Conley , who coined the word . It 's the next step in the evolving work-life culture . "  Increasingly , it 's not clear what constitutes work and what constitutes fun , " be it "  in an office or at home or out in the street , " Conley said . Activities and social spaces are becoming work-play ambiguous , he says , as "  all of these worlds that were once very distinct are now blurring together . " Conley used the 1950s as a point of reference . "  Back then , there were certain rules , such as ` do n't do business with friends , and keep those spheres separate . ' It was just one of the hallmarks of capitalist social life . That has completely changed . " However , the increased mixing of work and play does n't mean bankers will be refinancing houses during their kids ' piñata parties . But what it does mean is more and more Americans are using smartphones and other technology to collaborate with business colleagues while hanging out with their families . See how "  weisured " your lifestyle is and compare with others " It does n't mean tax attorneys will be getting makeovers during their tax-law seminars . But they may be chatting with Facebook friends while participating in a conference call . What happened ? Why do Americans want to mix work and play ? Well , first , there 's more work and less play , according to Conley 's book "  Elsewhere , U.S.A. " "  For the first time in history now , the higher up the economic ladder you go , the more likely you 're going to have an extremely long workweek , " he says . These busier Americans often want to save time by taking care of business and pleasure simultaneously . Obviously , the Internet offers nothing but opportunity for that . ` The creative class ' People are more willing to let work invade their leisure time because , for a lot of Americans , working has become more fun , Conley says . He refers to this group of professionals who tend to get more enjoyment out of work as "  the creative class , " borrowing a term coined by author Richard Florida . Their work involves ideas -- perhaps helping create a new software product , ad campaign or creative financial derivative . "  This makes their work a source of meaning and fun to them , and thus the work-all-the-time mentality is partly driven by choice and desire , " Conley said . It 's no coincidence , Conley says , that weisure has been growing simultaneously with the popularity of the personal computer , which has helped professionals with more tedious parts of their jobs -- and has made many jobs somewhat more interesting . Weisure has been fueled by social networking sites like Facebook and MySpace , where "  friends " may actually be business partners or work colleagues . "  Social networking as an activity is one of those ambiguous activities , " Conley said . "  It 's part fun and part instrumental in our knowledge economy . " These networking sites offer participants in the weisure life lots of ways to do business -- and to have fun . Social technology "  triggers a pleasure response in our brain that we want , even if it 's quasi-junk mail , because someone 's reaching out to us for a social connection . So we 're addicted , some of us , me included . " ` We lose our private sphere ' Perhaps more disturbing is the idea that weisure is changing us . "  We lose our so-called private sphere , " Conley said . "  There 's less relaxing time to be our so-called backstage selves when we 're always mingling work and leisure . " If you 're thinking that a backlash may be around the corner for the weisure concept , you 're right . In fact , Conley says , the backlash has begun . "  You can see that in the populist anger against the bankers " who 've been blamed in part for the current economic downturn , Conley says . The backlash is evident in the rise of alternative social movements involving people "  who live in a more frugal and environmentally conscious way , " he says . But , short of a nuclear winter or some cataclysm sending us back to the stone age , there 's no turning back the clock on the spread of weisure , he says . The weisure lifestyle will engrain itself permanently in the American culture . Every culture creates its antithesis , Conley says . Eventually the weisure class could merge with a "  getting back to basics movement " and form something new . "  I do n't know what that will look like , " he said . "  But this period we live in now will look very quaint and silly to folks 50 years in the future , just as the 1950s look very fake and quaint and earnest to us now . "	"  Weisure " is the blurring of work and play -- both what we do and where we do it Weisure is changing modern society , says NYU sociologist Dalton Conley "  We lose our private sphere , " he says . "  There 's less time to be our backstage selves " Why ? Technology , longer workweek and more workers enjoying their jobs
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A deadline set by Libya 's new leaders for the surrender of the towns of Sirte and Bani Walid , bastions of hardcore supporters of Moammar Gadhafi , passed at midnight Friday without any apparent deal . Before the deadline expired , a spokesman for the National Transitional Council said talks with loyalists were continuing into the evening . Absent a resolution , "  it 's up to military planners to decide how to move forward , " Shamsuddin Ben Ali said . Sticking points included the demand by Gadhafi loyalists for NTC fighters to enter their communities unarmed , and to refrain from searching houses . The loyalists also asked for blanket pardons , but the NTC wanted to prosecute loyalists with blood on their hands , Ben Ali said . Sirte is on the Mediterranean coast east of Tripoli , and Bani Walid is southeast of the capital . A military spokesman , citing heavy resistance from loyalists in Bani Walid , said anti-Gadhafi forces had retreated Friday . NTC media committee spokesman Jalal el Gallal said fighting for Sirte was taking place 55 kilometers  34 miles  east of the city . El Gallal said NTC fighters were met with small-arms fire as they advanced from the east , and a battle ensued with heavy artillery . A Benghazi hospital received a number of casualties , he said . Earlier , Abdallah Kenshill , an NTC chief negotiator , had told CNN that anti-Gadhafi fighters had been just 1.5 kilometers , nearly a mile , from the center of Bani Walid , situated on the north , east and south . Anti-Gadhafi fighters captured seven loyalists , including a brigadier general , he said , and three loyalists were killed . An anti-Gadhafi fighter was killed and four others were wounded , Kenshill said . CNN was not able to independently verify his account . Inside Bani Walid , meanwhile , pro- and anti-Gadhafi groups clashed , but NTC fighters were not involved , said Badr Abu Shahma , assistant to the commander of Misrata 's southern front . Ben Ali also said he received intelligence reports that loyalist forces were moving captured NTC fighters to Qasr Bu Hadi for use as human shields . That town is 10 miles east of Sirte . Mahmoud Jibril , chairman of the NTC executive board , will visit Misrata on Saturday to survey the damage in the city , where he has tribal ties , Ben Ali said . The developments came as Interpol issued Red Notice arrest warrants Friday for Gadhafi , who is wanted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague for alleged crimes against humanity . A Red Notice allows Interpol , the international police agency , to circulate arrest warrants widely with an intention to extradite suspects to the ICC . At the United Nations , Ian Martin , the secretary-general 's special envoy to Libya , told reporters that fears of a humanitarian disaster in the capital have not materialized . City infrastructure has suffered little damage , the disruption of the water supply has been largely alleviated , supplies of fuel and electricity are improving , schools are slated to reopen September 17 , and there has been no general breakdown of public order , said Martin , who had earlier briefed the Security Council after his return from five days in Libya . "  That 's quite a striking conflict with other post-conflict " cities , he said . But those advances do not minimize the enormous challenges that transitional authorities still face . A Supreme Security Committee has been established in Tripoli to bring all armed elements under a single command , but "  the proliferation of weapons is a major concern , including to Libya 's neighbors , " Martin said . "  The approach they 're taking is to , at this stage , tell the very top echelon of the military , the police , the civil service , to remain at home while decisions are taken as to which of them should or should not be part of the future , " he said . Despite appeals by NTC leaders , acts of revenge have been carried out , "  especially of sub-Saharan Africans accused -- often , I think , quite wrongly -- of having fought for the Gadhafi regime , " he said . In addition , "  terrible evidence continues to come to light of the deliberate human rights abuses and crimes of the Gadhafi regime , both those that took place over many years and during the fall of Tripoli , when many of the prisoners were massacred , " Martin said . "  This is going to be a very heavy burden for Libya 's new leaders as they seek to show that there will be accountability within the law for the worst violations , but at the same time promote national reconciliation . " The weight of that burden was underscored by a report by Human Rights Watch that 18 bodies were discovered Thursday in western Libya . The find corroborates reports by two survivors that the dead had been detainees held by Gadhafi forces in the town of al-Khoms who were killed in June . The dead suffocated when they were locked inside two metal shipping containers , the group said . A captured Gadhafi soldier led officials from the military council of al-Khoms , about 120 kilometers  75 miles  east of Tripoli , to the bodies , which were buried between Bani Walid and Orban , HRW said . "  The Gadhafi forces threw detainees in metal containers with little water and air on a brutally hot day , and refused to let them out despite cries for help , " said Fred Abrahams , special adviser at Human Rights Watch . A 19th person died a few days later , so was not buried with the other 18 , the group said . A video that appears to have been shot by a Gadhafi soldier shows several of the detainees -- blindfolded and bound -- being kicked and whipped inside the container . Meanwhile , an interim government is to be established within 30 days of the declaration of liberation , U.N. envoy Martin said . Until then , the NTC is assuming "  caretaker responsibilities " to carry out urgently needed functions , he added . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has proposed a support mission for three months , after which "  we would then go back to the Security Council for a longer mandate , " Martin said . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Ian Lee , Jim Bittermann and Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	18 bodies found in western Libya , Human Rights Watch reports Officials see heavy resistance in Bani Walid , fighting east of Sirte Negotiations were to end at midnight , deal or no deal , new Libyan leaders had said U.N. envoy Martin sees positive signs in Tripoli , along with concerns
CNN  -- The "  Abu Qatada " affair has set off a firestorm of debate in Britain and beyond -- about what constitutes support for terrorism , about detention without trial , deportation and , yet again , about the vexatious issue of Britain 's relationship with Europe . Abu Qatada is a militant Palestinian preacher who had been held in high-security jails in the United Kingdom for a total of six years . Last week , an immigration tribunal granted him bail , despite the government 's objections . He was released Monday . Abu Qatada came to the U.K. in 1993 with his wife and three children and was granted refugee status because he had been tortured by Jordanian authorities . But that was before his militant preaching became an issue and before al Qaeda became public enemy No. 1 . Britain has historically generous criteria for granting political asylum , but the consensus now on the left and the right is that the 51-year-old preacher should not have qualified . By the time he arrived in Britain from Peshawar in Pakistan , Abu Qatada 's hardline Salafist views were well formed . Writing in The New Yorker in 2006 , Lawrence Wright quotes a Saudi journalist who had met Abu Qatada in the early 1990s . Jamal Khashoggi said "  Abu Qatada had struck him as far more radical than Osama bin Laden ... influenced by Salafism , the puritanical , fundamentalist strain of Islam . " As a preacher in London mosques , Abu Qatada soon gained a militant following . In 1999 , he allegedly sought to justify the killing of Jews , including children , and attacking Americans . Three days after 9/11 , Abu Qatada preached that the attacks were part of a global struggle between Christianity and Islam , and were a response to America 's unjust policies . In another sermon , he sought to justify the killing by a Muslim of a "  non-believer " for the sake of Islam . At the same time , Abu Qatada ran a magazine called Al Ansar , which supported jihadists in Algeria at a time when the Armed Islamic Group of Algeria was waging a brutal campaign of massacres and assassinations . His rhetoric attracted a growing following in mosques and online among young militants , but no evidence has been produced in a British court to suggest he was involved with specific al Qaeda conspiracies . A Spanish government indictment sought to show that Abu Qatada did go beyond sermons . It alleged that an al Qaeda member , Barakat Yarkas , made more than 20 trips from Spain to Britain between 1995 and 2000 , bringing Abu Qatada funds raised for jihad . When London police raided Abu Qatada 's home early in 2001 , they found $ 250,000 in cash under his bed . Abu Qatada maintained it was to build a mosque , but some of the money was said to have been marked for the Chechen mujahideen -- at that point a cause celebre among jihadists . Abu Qatada was detained in the U.K. in 2002 under sweeping anti-terror legislation enacted after 9/11 -- along with dozens of other Islamist militants . Videos of his preaching were found in a Hamburg , Germany , apartment used by some of those involved in the 9/11 attacks , including ringleader Mohammad Atta . British and other intelligence agencies asserted he had close ties to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Counter-terrorism sources also maintained he was a big influence on Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , the Jordanian who would emerge as al Qaeda 's leader in Iraq . Both had been convicted of involvement in a terror plot in Jordan in 2000 , and according to one al Qaeda operative , it was Abu Qatada who had introduced al-Zarqawi to the al Qaeda leadership . Would-be shoe-bomber Richard Reid was also an admirer . In denying Abu Qatada 's release from jail in 2004 , a judge said , "  We have no doubt that his beliefs are extreme and are indeed a perversion of Islam for the purposes of encouraging violence against non-Muslims and Muslims who are , or have been , supportive of Americans . " In arguing for his continued detention the following year , the British government summarized his role , saying "  He provides advice which gives religious legitimacy to those who wish to further the aims of extreme Islamism and to engage in terrorist attacks , including suicide bombings . " His place in jihad was not unlike that of militant preacher Anwar al-Awlaki , who was killed in Yemen last year . After Britain 's highest court struck down detention without trial , Abu Qatada remained behind bars as the British government began proceedings to deport him to Jordan . He 'd already been convicted there in absentia of involvement in two terrorist attacks in 1998 , as well as the 2000 plot . Abu Qatada appealed , saying deportation would put him at risk of torture and lengthy pre-trial detention . His case moved gradually up the ladder of British justice but was eventually dismissed by the House of Lords , which found that "  the risk that evidence obtained by torture would be used in the criminal proceedings in Jordan would not amount to a flagrant denial of justice . " Enter the European Court of Human Rights , whose decisions are binding in U.K. cases . Last month , the court decided that Abu Qatada could not be deported to Jordan because there was "  a real risk of the admission of evidence obtained by torture at his retrial . " British Prime Minister David Cameron reacted angrily to the decision , telling the House of Commons last week : "  It is not acceptable that we end up with a situation you have someone in your country that threatens to do you harm that you can not try , you can not detain and you can not deport . " It 's a red meat issue to Conservative politicians in Britain . Traditionally hostile to Europe 's influence in Britain 's affairs , they believe the U.K. should not be bound by the court 's decision . Ministers are conscious that emotions are running high . Home Secretary Theresa May told Parliament : "  The right place for a terrorist is a prison cell ; the right place for a foreign terrorist is a foreign prison cell far away from Britain . " But as one popular tweet puts it : "  Abu Qatada has not even been convicted of a parking offense in Britain . " And that 's for two reasons . Authorities are unwilling to produce evidence in open court that might prove some operational or direct link to terrorism for fear of compromising intelligence sources . And it is notoriously difficult to prove a crime has been committed by the use of words that influence others ' actions . As Britain 's Home Office admitted in 2005 : "  We accept that Qatada encouraged and raised funds for individuals to go to Afghanistan ; he may not have gone further as an organiser . " While the U.K. authorities try to negotiate assurances from Jordan that would allow his deportation , Abu Qatada is on bail , but under strict conditions . He is electronically tagged , confined to his home for 22 hours a day , banned from using the Internet or a cell phone , banned from attending any mosque or publishing any statement , banned from receiving visitors without permission -- and those are just a few of the conditions . For now , Abu Qatada 's ability to invigorate the hearts of jihadists is very limited .	Abu Qatada 's hardline views were formed before he entered Britain He ran a magazine , Al Ansar , supporting jihadists in Algeria A video of his sermons was found in a 9/11 bomber 's apartment in Germany
CNN  -- When the jack-o ' - lanterns have all burned out and the candy wrappers have been swept away , Jim Warfield wo n't be hanging a "  closed " sign in the window of the Raven 's Grin Inn , the haunted mansion he runs in the small Illinois town of Mount Carroll . With its twisted passageways , secret tunnels and reported sightings of a "  Lady in White , " the eerie 19th-century house draws visitors all year long -- and Warfield accommodates them . "  I always had a lot of fun with Halloween . I could n't figure out why we could only do one week or one night , " says the 63-year-old Warfield , who escorts tours through the spooky mansion all year , even when summer is in full swing . "  Why not try to have as much fun as you can ? " For those who relish the macabre and dressing up , October 31 does n't have to spell the end of the fright season . From ghostly attractions to Halloween specialty shops , a small contingent of businesses can make it a year-long holiday . Costumes for every season Once November hits , Heather George , vice president of Halloween Mart , a store that sells costumes , decorations and props , barely has time to take a breath before she 's at her first trade show , getting ready to place orders for the next Halloween season . Halloween Mart , which occupies 25,000 square feet of retail space in Las Vegas , is open year-round . October is by far the store 's busiest month , she says , but business is brisk the rest of the year . "  Vegas is a party town where everyone is always dressing up . There 's always a little more fun going on . All the bars and nightclubs do themed events in the off-season , " says George . Quiz : Know your ghosts from your goblins ? Being a year-round operation gives the massive store , which also houses a warehouse for its online business , an edge over the flurry of temporary shops that pop up during the Halloween season . "  We cater to our clientele . We 'll stock a lot more product than a temporary store will ever stock , " George says , adding that the store 's own "  haunted hallway " is an attraction in itself . The idea of Halloween as a year-round industry is growing , albeit slowly , she says . "  I do n't think it 's everywhere but I do see more and more types of retailers carrying this type of product in the off-season . " Fast-growing holiday Nearly three-quarters of Americans will celebrate Halloween this year , according to a survey conducted for the National Retail Federation  NRF  . That 's up from just over 50 % in 2005 . The NRF estimates Halloween spending will reach a record $ 8 billion this year . The holiday is also growing outside of the U.S. , notably in the UK , where Planet Retail estimates Halloween sales will rise to almost $ 549 million this year . Patrick Konopelski , president of the Haunted Attraction Association , an organization representing more than 2,500 haunts , links the ever-growing popularity of Halloween to the desire to be entertained . Read more : How to shoot frighteningly good photos this Halloween "  People today more than ever want to experience life , " he says . Halloween-inspired attractions like haunts are n't just a passing fad . They 're "  now part of the culture , " says Konopelski . Year-round attractions are still in the minority , but that 's mainly due to their business models . It just is n't financially feasible for large attractions , which can be expensive to run , to stay open all year , Konopelski says . For example , Shocktoberfest , a scream park he owns , employs as many as 100 people . "  When you have that many people on payroll you have to put through thousands and thousands of people , and a short season is incredibly efficient , " he says . But the demand is there , he says . "  This generation is a non-spectator generation . They want to participate in an experience . " For a small operator like Warfield , it makes sense to keep going the way he has . Up to a dozen people might help out around Halloween , but for the rest of the year , he 's a one-man show . Whether in June or October , he starts every tour in the same place . Standing in the parlor , he begins telling the history of the house of horrors in his gravelly voice . And even though he 's been at it for a quarter-century , it does n't get tiresome . "  I never get tired of hearing people laughing and screaming , " he says . "  I have tremendous fun . No one has more fun than I do . I hope to be doing this when I 'm 95 years old . "	Halloween is just a wild weekend for most , but for others it 's a year-long occupation Raven 's Grin Inn in the U.S. is a haunted home that scares it guests right through the summer Halloween Mart , which occupies a 25,000 square feet store in Las Vegas , is open 365 days a year
CNN  -- Atletico Madrid recorded their first victory in the league over Real Madrid this century with a 1-0 victory at the Bernabeu on Saturday . A first half strike by Brazilian striker Diego Costa maintained Atletico 's 100 % start to the La Liga season and secured a first league win against Real , home or away , since the 1999/2000 season . The game 's only goal came in the 11th minute when Costa gathered in Koke 's inch-perfect through ball before executing a crisp side-foot finish past keeper Diego Lopez . Real had their chances to equalize -- Karim Benzema going close with headers in the 23rd and 26th minute -- but Atletico 's defense held firm as the first half came to a close . Luka Modric and world-record signing Gareth Bale -- making his Bernabeu debut -- expanded the home side 's attacking options when they were introduced at the start of the second half but it was Atletico who remained in the ascendency as the game wore on . Costa should have doubled Atletico 's lead in the 60th minute but scuffed his shot after being sent through one-on-one with goalkeeper Lopez before Real cleared their lines . Read more : Messi testifies in tax trial Sixty seconds later , Gareth Bale was brought down by Felipe on the edge of the Atletico penalty area only for Ronaldo to balloon the resulting free kick miles over the crossbar . Koke came the closest of anyone to scoring in the 81st minute , hitting the woodwork with a glorious looping left-foot before Real pushed for an equalizer in the dying minutes of the game . Their efforts came to nothing and defeat -- their first in the league this season -- leaves them on 16 points , five points adrift of Atletico and Barcelona . The reigning champions also made it seven wins out of seven in La Liga on Saturday with a 2-0 triumph over lowly Almeria but the victory was overshadowed by an injury to Lionel Messi . The Argentine was substituted midway through the first half after hurting his thigh and now is a doubt for Tuesday 's Champions League tie against Scottish champions Celtic . Despite leaving the game so early , Messi still found time to influence the match scoring his eighth league goal of the season in the 20th minute . A neat exchange of passes with Alexis Sanchez was finished with a sweetly struck left-foot shot . Adriano made it 2-0 in the 56th minute as Barcelona cruised to a comfortable victory . Elsewhere , Valencia 's 1-0 win over Rayo Vallecano lifts them to sixth in the league while Real Sociedad and Sevilla played out a 1-1 draw . There were two matches in Serie A on Saturday with Napoli going top for 24 hours at least after a 2-0 away win at Genoa . Two first-half strikes from Goran Pandev earned Rafa Benitez 's men a comfortable win ahead of what promises to be a fascinating Champions League tie against Arsenal on Tuesday . Read more : Chelsea draw , United lose , Arsenal go top AC Milan recorded their second league win of the season with a 1-0 win against Sampdoria at the San Siro on Saturday evening . Slovenia 's Valter Birsa scored the game 's only goal in the 46th minute to lift the Rossoneri to eighth in the table . Sampdoria stay in 18th place . Roma can return to the top if they beat Bologna in Sunday 's evening kick-off . Inter Milan will also leapfrog Napoli if they record any sort of win at Cagliari . Meanwhile in France , Paris Saint-Germain continued their unbeaten start to the season with a 2-0 victory over Toulouse on Saturday . Brazilian teenager Marquinhos opened the scoring for the French champions in the 41st minute before Edinson Cavani made sure of the three points scoring from the penalty spot in the 79th minute . The win sees PSG , who entertain Benfica in the Champions League on Wednesday , move one point ahead of Monaco who face Reims on Sunday evening . Marseilles are currently third , level on 17 points with Monaco after a 2-0 win at Lorient . Fourth place Lille lost ground on the top three after a 0-0 draw at Lyon .	Atletico beat Real in Madrid league fixture for first time since 1999 Diego Costa 's first half strike maintains Atletico 's 100 % start to league season Injury to Lionel Messi mars Barcelona 2-0 win against Almeria Napoli beat Genoa 2-0 in Serie A ; Paris Saint-Germain beat Toulouse 2-0 in Ligue 1
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's decision to take executive action on immigration won praise from the religious community Sunday , when a leader of the U.S. Catholic Church endorsed the move . "  The bishops of the United States -- we 're very much in favor of action being taken to protect people who need to come out of the shadows , " newly appointed Archbishop of Chicago , Blase Cupich , said Sunday on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  It 's been too long of a time for people to wait for comprehensive immigration reform , " he continued . "  And so we see this as an important first step hopefully to jump start what 's happening . " Cupich , the ninth Archbishop of Chicago , is Pope Francis ' first American appointed archbishop . His position generally reflects what the U.S. Council of Catholic Bishops have called for in the past : a path to citizenship and government autonomy over the law enforcement process at the border . Over the past week , Republicans have been quick to slam the President for taking unilateral action , with some going as far as comparing him to a monarch or an emperor . On Sunday , Cupich said it 's important for the President to compromise with Congress -- including the Republican-led House which has stalled on an immigration bill for the past 15 months . "  I think it 's very important that this be done very carefully but we applaud it as good first step , " Cupich said . "  More needs to be done . We encourage the President and members of Congress to get this work done . " Cupich also admitted that he has some privacy concerns for illegal immigrants , should Obama 's policy be overturned by a Republican president in the future . "  My concern would be that we would have a policy and procedure that would have a confidentiality provision because if people come out of the shadows and sign up and give their names and information , they want to make sure that that is going to be protected in the future should the executive order change by another administration , " Cupich said . According to Cupich , who served as the sixth bishop of the Diocese of Spokane from 2010 until recently , amnesty is not just a priority of Obama 's , but also God 's . "  The aspirations that people have for better life for their children -- in which they are reaching out in hope , as many people who have come to this country have -- those aspirations were placed in their heart by God . We have to attend to that , " Cupich said . "  This is not something that they 're wanting on their own but God has always called us to a better life , has always called us to experiencing how we can provide for our families in a better way , " he continued . "  I think that being the grandson of immigrants I feel that very deeply . "	Blase Cupich , newly appointed Archbishop of Chicago , praised President Obama 's immigration action Cupich is Pope Francis ' first American appointed archbishop
CNN  -- Free elections 20 years ago this week in Poland marked the unraveling of the Soviet bloc of Eastern European nations and the beginning of market reforms . Shipyard workers hold Solidarity trade union flags on the anniversary of free elections in Poland . The events of June 1989 also marked the turning point for companies like KGHM , which has grown into a global player in the world 's copper market and one of Poland 's largest companies with 18,000 employees . "  A lot of changes have happened since that moment , since 1989 , " said Zbigniew Klich , a development engineer who has worked at a company copper smelter near Lubin for more than 30 years . "  This is the Poland of my dreams , " Klich said . "  Even though I will probably retire in the next few months I feel so fortunate to have seen the last 20 years in my professional career . " The financial crisis has had minimal impact on the company so far . "  In comparison to other sectors of the Polish economy , the commodity business has been doing quite well , " said Jarek Romanowski , sales director of KGHM . Poland 's export prowess has led the nation to become one of the great success stories of former communist bloc economies . In 2008 , it ranked 22nd in the world with more than $ 190 billion in exports , ahead of Australia and India , according to the CIA Factbook . The country 's economy has grown every year since 1992 , and bucked the recessionary trend of other European Union nations by expanding its economy by just under 1 percent in the first quarter of this year . "  Poland is not an island and we are very much linked to other EU countries so a lot depends on the performance of the German economy , " said Dominik Radziwill , Poland 's deputy finance minister . "  But even with the current forecasts which are really pessimistic for the German economy , we still think Poland should be doing relatively OK . " Leszek Balcerowicz was the country 's first Finance Minister after the fall of communism and initiated Poland 's free market reforms . "  Socialism  was  a very bad system and everybody knew that it was a bad system without any hope for a better life , " he said . "  Transition to a better system is sometimes difficult but you have to overcome these difficulties on the way to a better regime . " One industry that exploded was Poland 's once state-run media industry , which now includes eight daily national newspapers plus dozens of television channels and radio stations . "  The transformation had many phases in Poland . The state totally withdrew from the press market and step-by-step , private TV stations appeared , " said Polish journalist Adam Mischnik . "  So , today we have a pluralist media which represents very different tendencies . " Janusz Weychert and Mariusz Walter founded the ITI group , a leading private media company in Poland with television stations - including the influential news network TVN24 - as well as a home video , new media and theatrical production operations . "  Under one umbrella there 's various projects put together , " Weychert said . "  The advantage it gives us is the free flow of content and information between all the platforms . " Communism and absolute media control may have only been twenty years ago - but in Poland today , certainly for the country 's youth and the media , it 's a lifetime . Maciej Popowicz set up "  Nasza-Klasa " - Poland 's equivalent to Facebook -- with three friends in 2006 . Its success made 25-year-old Popowicz one of Poland 's youngest millionaires . He 's also too young to remember what life was like under Communism . "  I 'm very glad that I live in these times because we have so many more opportunities than our older friends so for example , you could n't manage your own business twenty years ago , now there is an opportunity to do that , " Popowicz said . "  So you can develop your ideas , create your own firms . " But market reforms have n't been kind to the historic shipyards of Gdansk , where the Solidarity Union movement began with union leader and future Polish president , Lech Walesa . Marching with him was Brunom Baranowski , a shipyard worker for more than 30 years who spent nearly a year in jail for civil disobedience for his role in the union . In the 20 years since the end of communism , he 's seen the shipyard workforce shrink from 18,000 to about 2,700 today . The shipyard , in danger of going bankrupt , was given a lifeline this week when Neelie Kroes , European Commissioner for Competition , met with Polish officials and told the press an EU bailout of the shipyard was likely . Still , Baranowski said "  shipyard workers do n't have much reason to be happy . Over the past 20 years we have been trying to save our jobs . " While the fortune of his nation improved , he still lives in the same tiny apartment as he did in 1989 and has the same worries about his job . But Brunom says it was all worth the fight . "  Of course it 's much better . In the old days all you could get at the shop was vinegar and mustard . To get anything else you had to know people . Now everything is available , " he said . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen and Fionnuala Sweeney contributed to this report .	Twenty years after democracy Poland has strongest economy in former Soviet bloc The country 's economy has grown every year since 1992 By export it ranks 22nd in the world , ahead of Australia and India Shipyards like Gdansk , home of the democracy movement , struggle to survive
CNN  -- After the Denver shootings during a showing of "  Dark Knight Rises , " Warner Bros. swiftly withdrew the trailer of "  Gangster Squad " from before the Nolan film and reportedly removed a sequence in which gangsters shoot up a movie theater from behind the screen . Now "  Gangster Squad " emerges just a month after the Newtown killings , a titillating but anodyne piece of gun glamour for the masses . Inspired by Paul Lieberman 's series for the Los Angeles Times , "  Tales from the Gangster Squad , " the movie ducks the obvious comparisons with "  LA Confidential , " "  Mulholland Falls " and "  Bugsy " by opting for a pulpy vibe and poppy , comic book visuals . This is no "  Chinatown " exercise in history as neo-noir , and it 's sure no James Ellroy-style take down of the LAPD  the controversial 1950s Police Chief William Parker -- played by Nick Nolte - gets a free pass for instigating what amounts to a vigilante hit-squad operating beyond any legal jurisdiction  . Rather it 's a gleaming , glossy parade of good-looking actors trading quips and striking poses in sexy period duds , only a couple of stops more naturalistic than "  Sin City " or "  Dick Tracy . " And it 's Beatty 's film that comes to mind most immediately , with Sean Penn channeling a snarling Al Pacino  and showing off a striking prosthetic nose  as ambitious LA racketeer Mickey Cohen , an all purpose bad guy who orders a Chicago rival to be chained to two autos and ripped in half in the film 's first minute . Within another 60 seconds Josh Brolin 's square-jawed Sgt. O'Mara has established his impeccable heroic credentials by crashing one of Cohen 's brothels , shooting or beating up five of his henchmen and rescuing an innocent dame from a fate worse than death -- all to the consternation of his immediate superiors , but impressing the heck out of Chief Parker . "  Do n't make arrests , " Parker growls . "  This is occupied territory . Wage guerrilla warfare . " For a spell the movie corrects to an engagingly fizzy tone . O'Mara 's shrewd and pregnant wife  the excellent Mireille Enos  handpicks his squad . There 's a sharpshooter nicknamed "  Cowboy " she read about in True Detective magazine  Robert Patrick  ; a brainiac who knows how to set up a wiretap  Giovanni Ribisi  . Anachronistically , for Parker 's LAPD , there 's also an African-American who is handy with a knife  Anthony Mackie  and a Latino who muscles in on the action  Michael Pena  . Their first intervention is deliciously botched . And then they 're faced with getting out of Burbank alive . For all its historical liberties , the movie does have fun re-creating mid-century Los Angeles . Last to sign up is Ryan Gosling 's Sgt. Jerry Wooters , an easygoing womanizer who happens to be sleeping with Mickey Cohen 's girl  Emma Stone doing a very passable Bacall  , and whose less rigid approach to the job is meant to color our admiration for O'Mara 's righteousness . But the more seriously "  Zombieland " director Ruben Fleischer takes the material , the more vapid it comes off . Some glaring gaps in third act story logic do n't help , but the whole Gosling and Brolin dynamic never really snaps into place . Are they old war buddies ? You can believe Brolin has seen some action , but Gosling just comes off as wet behind the ears -- there 's no rapport between them , and no real reason to care when things go sour . "  Gangster Squad " looks the part , but it 's so superficial it practically evaporates before our eyes .	Josh Brolin , Sean Penn , Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone star in "  Gangster Squad " The film is inspired by Paul Lieberman 's series for the Los Angeles Times Critic says Brolin , Gosling buddy dynamic never snaps into place
Washington  CNN  -- In the spring of 1962 , Martin Luther King Jr. was one of the most controversial men in America . One night in Chicago 's Orchestra Hall after delivering a stirring speech on civil rights and the future of America , he shook hands with a standout 15-year-old with conservative parents , Hillary Rodham . More than 50 years later , the moment still resonates profoundly with Clinton , who has had an illustrious political career and could again seek to make history as the first woman president . "  Probably my great privilege as a young woman was going to hear Dr. Martin Luther King speak , " Clinton said earlier this year at an event at the University of Miami . "  I sat on the edge of my seat as this preacher challenged us to participate in the cause of justice , not to slumber while the world changed around us . And that made such an impression on me . " Clinton has traced much of her life in politics and activism to King 's words that night . But there was another minister , not famous like King , who also influenced her views on social justice and stoked an intensity for action . Don Jones was the Methodist youth pastor who organized the trip of like-minded teens to see King , and mentored her for the rest of his life . "  Don opened up a new world to me , " Clinton said in 2009 , the year he died , "  and helped guide me on a spiritual , social and political journey of over 40 years . " Park Ridge , Illinois , was a conservative Chicago suburb in the 1960s , made up of hard-working , middle and upper class families . It was n't diverse in politics or race . "  We lived in a suburb that was all white basically and everybody in Park Ridge was a Republican , " said Ernest Ricketts , a childhood friend of Clinton 's who attended elementary , middle and high school with her . Clinton 's parents , especially her father , seemed to fit the town . Hugh was a small business owner and a vocal supporter of Barry Goldwater in 1965 , while Dorothy , Clinton 's mother , was a closeted Democrat . The former first lady attended First United Methodist Church with many of the same friends that she attended school with , and her life and experiences , from school to sports to church , revolved around Park Ridge . That was n't the case for Don Jones , a Depression-era child who spent most of his youth in South Dakota and later attended South Dakota State . Before graduating , Jones enlisted in the Navy and served in Korea during the war . A young veteran by the late 50s , Jones finished his degree at Augustana College and later enrolled in divinity school at Drew University in Madison , New Jersey , in 1958 . Peter Jones , Don 's youngest son , described his father as "  naturally outgoing " and "  inquisitive . " His oldest son , David , said his father had friends across the country and was fiercely loyal . Politically , Don Jones also was inspired by a larger-than-life public figure . His sons said President Franklin Roosevelt "  had an effect on his outlook on politics and what government can and ca n't do for people . " Upon graduating from Drew in 1961 , Jones landed in Park Ridge at First Methodist , a conservative church that did n't quite match his worldliness . For many , including Clinton , Jones was dramatically different than anyone they had ever met . Confronting life outside Park Ridge Jones started University of Life when he came to Park Ridge , a youth group for a few dozen high schoolers that met two times a week - Sundays and Thursdays . But meetings were not just bible readings and prayer . Jones , according to the young Methodists who attend the group with Clinton , was determined to broaden their outlook on life . In an interview with Donnie Radcliffe for the 1992 book "  A First Lady for Our Time , " Jones said he hoped the Park Ridge kids would "  become aware of life outside Park Ridge . " At one meeting , Jones arranged for an avowed atheist to debate a Christian on the existence of God . At another , Jones brought the group to a local synagogue and held a public discussion with a rabbi about Judaism and Israel . He held discussions about teenage pregnancy , drugs and crime and introduced his congregation to new authors and artists . Jones also took his students to Chicago 's rough South Side and introduced them to the lives that other kids their age live - one of drugs , gangs and death . During the height of the civil rights movement , this kind of trip for kids like Hillary Rodham were unheard of . "  He came a very important time in our lives , " said Betsy Ebeling , a longtime Clinton friend who attended Jones ' youth group . In short , she described Jones as "  very influential . " Ricketts went further , telling CNN that Jones was n't only influential , he was life altering . "  He was very influential in giving us a different perspective , a different world view , " he said . "  It was n't revolutionary , but he challenged us to look at things in a different way and a broader perspective . " A different view on faith From the moment Jones arrived in Park Ridge , he was on thin ice , according to a number of people close to him . He was not a "  fundamentalist " or "  literalist , " said Peter Jones and that rubbed some in the community the wrong way . "  It was a conservative community and church , " his son said , "  And he was a free thinker . " "  He was n't a religious figure that tried to indoctrinate or tell people what to think or feel or believe , " said David Jones . "  He used a method that really drew people out and questioned them . " So just two years after he moved to Park Ridge , Jones left . And although it is not totally clear , Ricketts and others said his unorthodox style may have been the reason . "  The things that Don did did n't exactly endear him to the people who were the movers in shakers in Park Ridge , " said Ricketts , who vividly remembers when Jones left the community . "  They were rather more conservative and were n't entirely sure that they wanted the kids exposed to so many different ideas . " Jones returned to Drew in 1966 , a place he where he remained for the next four decades . To Clinton , the mark the Jones left was already deeply cemented . The two stayed friends , regularly exchanging letters until Jones died in April 2009 at 78 . According to Radcliffe 's book , Clinton wrote him in 1964 and told him that she was n't getting along with the new youth minister . "  I think he believes I 'm a little radical , " she wrote . The letters continued when Clinton arrived at Wellesley College . In April 1966 , she wrote Jones to talk about her new identities at college and in later that year she wrote him to talk about her changing view on politics . "  I wonder if it 's possible to be a mental conservative and a heart liberal , " she wrote . Ricketts , who has kept up with Clinton since their years in Park Ridge , said Jones continued to mentor the budding politician long into her career . "  She has a very close relationship with him , " he said , noting that Jones attended both of Bill Clinton 's inaugurations and would visit Washington during the presidency . "  He held her in very , very high regard , " said David Jones . ` Lifelong friend and mentor ' When Jones died , the university remembered him as "  a beloved professor " and icon in the small New Jersey town . Clinton honored him as "  a lifelong friend and mentor . " "  Don taught me the meaning of the words ` faith in action ' and the importance of social justice and human rights , " she said in a letter . "  I will miss him and will be grateful forever for the gift of his intelligence , counsel , kindness and support over many years . " Although the former first lady , senator and secretary of state has mentioned more prominent figures as inspirations -- like former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt and activists Malala Yousafzai -- the faith leadership that Jones provided appeared especially enduring . At a 2007 faith forum put on by CNN when Clinton was running for president , she mentioned her "  old friend " and youth minister in a question about prayer . "  I was raised to pray , " Clinton said . "  As a little girl , you know , saying my prayers at night , saying grace at meals , praying in church . " Jones ' impact on Clinton came up again in at another CNN faith forum in 2008 when Clinton 's description of her faith foundation tracked very close to what Jones taught her in the 1960s . "  I have tried to take my beliefs , my faith , and put it to work my entire life , " she said . "  And it has been gratifying to do the little I 've done to try to help other people , which is really what motivates me . " To people close to Clinton , including old friends from Chicago , Jones ' impact on the Democratic frontrunner remains clear as she contemplates another presidential run . Faith continues to be an important part of Clinton 's life , according to Burns Strider , Clinton 's friend and faith adviser . Clinton carries a bible in her purse , Strider said , and will occasionally argue biblical texts while traveling . "  I think she lives based on how her faith and her experience within her faith , be it the youth trips into the city , the service trips , and different things , has informed her , " he said . And to Ricketts , Jones ' impact was unmistakable . "  Hillary is the sum of all of these experiences and all of these philosophical expressions in her youth , " he said . "  She has absorbed all of the experiences that she has had and benefited from the really positive influence of Don . "	Don Jones landed in conservative Park Ridge , Illinois , in the early 1960s with a purpose He wanted to open the eyes of its young people , and young Hillary Rodham responded She mentions Martin Luther King Jr. as an inspiration , but Jones impacted her for decades He died in 2009 , but she remembers his counsel as she contemplates another White House run
Moscow  CNN  -- An Estonian security officer detained by Russia last week has been charged with espionage and could face up to 20 years in prison if convicted , one of his lawyers said Thursday . Security officer Eston Kohver is currently in a detention center in Moscow , lawyer Mark Feygin told CNN over the phone . Estonia summoned Russia 's ambassador on Friday to demand an explanation regarding what it described as the abduction of a security official near the countries ' joint border . Russian officials say the Estonian was detained in Russia 's northwest Pskov region , where they allege he was carrying out an undercover operation , according to a report from state-run news agency Itar-Tass . The Estonian officer "  had a Taurus handgun , an amount of â ‚ ¬ 5,000 in cash , equipment for covert audio recording , and materials indicative of an intelligence mission , " Itar-Tass reported , citing Russia 's security service , the FSB . The dueling claims follow mounting tensions between the two nations . Only last week , U.S. President Barack Obama visited Estonia , where he promised that fellow NATO members would protect the Baltic nation against Russian aggression . Foreign Minister Urmas Paet said Wednesday that Estonia considered Kohver 's detention to be illegal and demanded his immediate return home . He said two lawyers , one of them Feygin , had been appointed to represent Kohver in what he called an "  extremely complicated situation . " On Thursday , UK Minister for Europe David Lidington raised "  strong concern about the illegal and unacceptable abduction of an Estonian Security Service officer from Estonian territory by Russian Security Services " in a meeting with the Russian ambassador to London , the UK Foreign Office said . He called for Kohver 's immediate release . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Joseph Netto also contributed .	Lawyer for detained Estonian security officer Eston Kohver says he 's charged with spying If convicted in a Russian court , he could face up to 20 years in prison , lawyer says Estonia says the officer was abducted while on Estonian soil Russia says it detained the security official in its northwest Pskov region
CNN  -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger can expect an apology from Premier League referees chief Keith Hackett following his dismissal in the closing seconds of Saturday 's 2-1 English Premier League defeat to Manchester United . Arsene Wenger has to stand with Manchester United fans after being sent off at Old Trafford . League Managers Association chief executive Richard Bevan has spoken to Hackett about the Old Trafford incident which saw Wenger sent to the stands by referee Mike Dean on the advice of fourth official Lee Probert . And he has been told that Wenger will receive an apology from the Premier Game Match Officials Board which appoints officials to top-flight games in England . The Gunners manager caught Probert 's attention when he kicked an empty water bottle down the touchline following a disallowed goal for Arsenal . There was then confusion as Wenger seemed unaware of where he was supposed to go -- moving first to the back of Arsenal dugout then starting to walk down the touchline as the whistle was blown . On the decision to penalize Wenger , Bevan said : "  Although correct in ` law ' , it was completely out of context in the game and it was followed by the nonsense which followed over where Arsene Wenger should sit to watch the game . " He added : "  I 've spoken to Keith Hackett and he fully recognizes the situation was an error and an apology will follow to Arsene Wenger . "  Lee Probert totally failed to manage the situation and created a needless pressure point taking the focus away from the pitch in a big event with only a minute to go . " Meanwhile , Arsenal 's north London rivals Tottenham have suffered a setback with a serious injury to Croatia playmaker Luka Modric . The 23-year-old broke his leg in Saturday 's 2-1 victory against Birmingham , which left the club second in the English Premier League after four wins from four . "  X-rays have determined that Luka Modric sustained a fracture to his right fibula , " said a statement on the official Spurs Web site . Tottenham did not indicate how long the midfielder would be sidelined , but he is likely to miss the home game against champions Manchester United and the trip to Chelsea which follow the upcoming international break . Croatia play England at Wembley on September 9 in a crucial World Cup qualifier .	Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is to receive an apology from referee 's chief Wenger sent off in the closing seconds of the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United Wenger kicked an empty water bottle down the touchline after disallowed goal Tottenham 's Croatia midfielder Luka Modric suffers a broken right leg
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Blood clots from a long period of inactivity killed a woman who died last month on a waiting room floor at a New York hospital , the state 's medical examiner said Friday . Surveillance video shows Esmin Green on the hospital floor for more than an hour before anyone helps her . The death of Esmin Green attracted media attention worldwide when a security camera captured hospital employees and other patients appearing to ignore her when she slumped out of a chair and began convulsing on the floor . The Jamaican immigrant had been involuntarily admitted to Kings County Hospital in Brooklyn , New York , on June 18 for what the hospital described as "  agitation and psychosis . " The security video , released earlier this month by the New York Civil Liberties Union , showed that the mother of six waited in a chair for nearly 24 hours before she fell on the floor on June 19 . An hour went by before a hospital employee nudged Green , 49 , with her foot and summoned help . The NYCLU alleged that hospital records were falsified to show that Green had been "  sitting quietly in the waiting room " a little more than 10 minutes after she had stopped moving and 48 minutes after she slid to the floor . Green 's autopsy reveals that she died from pulmonary thromboemboli -- blood clots that formed in her legs and eventually made their way into her lungs , according to Ellen Borakove , the medical examiner 's spokeswoman . The clots came from deep vein thrombosis , which complicated Green 's chronic paranoid schizophrenia . Many people afflicted with deep vein thrombosis are unaware they have the condition , but symptoms including pain or swelling in the leg or shortness of breath . Drugs that stop the clots from forming can help and can also prevent existing clots from growing larger . Doctors recommend that people with deep vein thrombosis avoid long periods of inactivity and frequently exercise their legs during long trips . After the security videos were released , the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , which oversees the hospital , said it was "  shocked and distressed by this situation . It is clear that some of our employees failed to act based on our compassionate standards of care . " Seven workers , including doctors , nurses and security guards , have been fired or suspended since Green 's death , the corporation said . It 's not clear whether any of the employees have appealed the disciplinary actions against them . The agency , which acknowledged the discrepancy in the hospital records , said it referred the matter to law enforcement and is cooperating with the investigation . Green 's relatives say they plan to file a $ 25 million lawsuit against the city and the hospital and have called for criminal charges against hospital workers . Kings County Hospital is already the subject of a lawsuit filed in May 2007 alleging that conditions at the facility are filthy . Patients are often forced to sleep in plastic chairs or on floors covered in urine , feces and blood while waiting for beds , the groups allege , and often go without basic hygiene such as showers , clean linens and clean clothes . The lawsuit claims that patients who complain face physical abuse and are injected with drugs to keep them docile . The hospital lacks "  the minimal requirements of basic cleanliness , space , privacy , and personal hygiene that are constitutionally guaranteed even to convicted felons , " according to the suit . The video of Green 's death sent the organizations back into court July 1 , demanding immediate reform . Among the reforms agreed to in court by the hospital are additional staffing ; checking of patients every 15 minutes ; and limiting to 25 the number of patients in the psychiatric emergency ward , officials said . In addition , the hospital said it is expanding crisis-prevention training for staff ; expanding space to prevent overcrowding ; and reducing patients ' wait time for release , treatment or placement in an inpatient bed .	Autopsy says blood clots caused by long period of inactivity killed Esmin Green Video of Green 's June 19 death has received worldwide attention The video appears to show hospital workers ignoring her lying on the floor Her family says they intend to sue Kings County Hospital in New York
CNN  -- While Barack Obama 's and Mitt Romney 's presidential campaigns rage on toward November 6 , another campaign has been under way for some time , one that 's mostly out of the public 's eye . An investigation by The Associated Press last month revealed that as many as five Republican electors expressed uncertainty whether they would actually vote for Mitt Romney if he carried their state . These electors appear to be unhappy with Romney and continue to show support for his primary rival Rep. Ron Paul . In the wake of this news , one of the electors abruptly resigned her position . On another front , a Minnesota elector suggested that he may not vote for the Romney-Ryan ticket if the candidates fail to furnish their birth certificates  in an effort to put pressure on all candidates to furnish their birth certificates  . These potentially rogue electors would effectively disenfranchise hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of voters . The 2012 election will probably be very close . Consequently , in the worst of scenarios , a "  faithless " vote might not only disenfranchise voters but alter the outcome of the race . While unlikely , this begs the question : Why do presidential electors still have independence in our current presidential selection process ? After examining those who make up the institution , I find one thing increasingly clear : We need to take the guesswork out of the Electoral College . In 2004 , I published a study aimed at shedding light on the mysterious figures who serve as presidential electors . In the hotly contested 2000 election , many electors were subjected to vigilant lobbying campaigns . Some received thousands of e-mails ; at least one received a death threat . A group called Citizens for a True Democracy , founded by two college seniors , published the contact information of 172 Republican electors online and asked people to urge them to put "  patriotism before partisanship " and give their electoral votes to Al Gore . The group noted that it would have lobbied Democratic electors to give their votes to George W. Bush had he , rather than Gore , won the popular vote but lost the electoral vote . Remarkably , four of the Republican electors I surveyed expressed unease over Bush 's victory and the recounts in Florida . On its face , this would not be cause for great concern . However , the 271 electoral votes amassed by the Bush-Cheney ticket barely pushed them over the 270-vote Electoral College majority needed to win the election . Consequently , just two Republican defections or abstentions would have denied the ticket of a majority of electoral votes and thrown the contest into the House of Representatives . Bush would still probably have been elected , but the Electoral College would have created yet another round of uncertainty . Surveying the 2004 and 2008 presidential electors , I found that the 2000 election was not an isolated event . One-third of electors were contacted to change their votes in 2004 , and nearly 80 % were lobbied to change their votes in 2008 . That year , the bulk of lobbying was conducted by "  birthers " who saw presidential electors as a last hope to get their voices heard after their legal battles failed . Currently , a majority of states and the District of Columbia have legal requirements or pledges to ensure that electors vote for their party 's ticket . While the overwhelming majority of electors never consider changing their votes , a surprisingly large number do . In my survey , nearly 10 % of electors in 2004 and 11.5 % of electors  including 20 % of Republicans  in 2008 gave some consideration to voting contrary to expectations . To put this in perspective , this would be akin to all 55 of California 's electors considering defection from their party 's ticket . Such a prospect is quite unnerving . Indeed , faithless electors are not fanciful creatures from mythology : Nine of the past 16 presidential elections have witnessed faithless votes  including two of the past three  . Although none changed the outcome of an election , each faithless vote effectively disenfranchised hundreds of thousands of voters . Electors are chosen primarily for their party loyalty , not for their judgment regarding candidates . Whatever one thinks of the Electoral College , Americans have come to expect that electors will faithfully translate the popular vote into the electoral vote . Elector independence simply adds another layer of uncertainty to a process that already has a great deal of cynicism attached to it . Attempts to curtail faithless votes reflect a very real concern lawmakers and party officials have about the prospect of faithless voting . Ronald Reagan , for example , sent letters to each of the 538 Republican electors shortly before the 1980 election . If candidates are worried about such mischief , citizens should be concerned as well . Efforts to prevent elector faithlessness , like the Uniform Faithful Presidential Electors Act , would provide greater assurance in the presidential selection process , a process where many citizens already have great concerns . Too often , laws proscribing faithless voting take place in states after the act has been committed . States should move to adopt the Uniform Faithful Presidential Electors Act sooner rather than later . Doing so would remove the needless uncertainty created by potentially faithless electors and restore some confidence in the Electoral College process . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert M. Alexander .	Rogue electors can disenfranchise millions of voters , Robert M. Alexander says Many electors are subjected to vigilant lobbying campaigns to change their votes , he says We need to take the guesswork out of the Electoral College , Alexander says States should move to adopt the Uniform Faithful Presidential Electors Act , he says
CNN  -- When New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg instructed five hospitals to evacuate their patients from Hurricane Irene 's path , one replied it could n't follow his order . Administrators from New York University-Langone Medical Center explained that six patients in the intensive care unit were so sick that moving them might kill them , and so the mayor 's office gave permission to keep them in the hospital throughout the storm . It then fell to Elaine Rowinski , nurse manager of the intensive care unit , to find seven nurses willing to stay at the hospital , right in the hurricane 's predicted path and just 100 yards from the East River , which many feared would overflow . It turned out she had nothing to worry about . "  I could have had 20 nurses if I 'd needed them , " she said . "  That 's how many called me up to volunteer . " Rowinski stayed at the hospital all weekend as the doctors and nurses who also stayed listened to the wind and the rain through the boarded-up windows . "  I had no qualms about staying , no fears at all , " she said . "  We train for these disasters . " Brainstorming with her staff , Rowinski came up with a list of what they might need during the storm . The nurses kept flashlights by each bedside and plugged machines into the red outlets on the wall , which connect to the generators on top of the building , in case they lost power from Con Edison . They also kept a three-day supply of medicine next to each patient 's bed in the event they needed to evacuate quickly . About 200 staff members stayed at NYU , including engineers , security guards , housekeepers , blood bank staff , and two doctors . Four family members stayed all weekend with the patients . Some of the patients had neurological diseases , while others had respiratory problems or infectious diseases . Many were on life support , but those that were conscious were told Friday they might have to be evacuated . "  They were so relieved when they found out they could stay , " Rowinski said . As for Rowinski , she finally went home Monday afternoon after nearly three days straight at the hospital . While she was working , her husband had to evacuate their house in Oceanside , on Long Island . "  He told me he kept a picture of me by the dog so he 'd remember me , " she said with a laugh . CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this report .	As Irene approached , 6 patients were too sick to evacuate from NYU-Langone Medical Center The hospital is just 100 yards from the East River Nurses kept flashlights by each bedside , and a 3-day medicine supply for each patient "  We train for these disasters , " says nurse manager Elaine Rowinski
Sydney  CNN  Only one of the Sydney siege victims was shot by the gunman , with the second killed by fragments of police bullets fired when officers stormed the cafe , an inquest has heard . The revelations , which came in the opening day of an inquest into the 16-hour siege of a central Sydney cafe , are likely to further fuel questions about how New South Wales Police responded to the December 15 incident , especially their choice of weapons . Of the five shots fired by Man Haron Monis , a self-styled Muslim cleric who took 18 people hostage , only one found a target , counsel assisting the coroner Jeremy Gormly told the inquest . Monis shot and killed cafe manager Tori Johnson execution-style , prompting police to storm the cafe in the early hours of December 16 , Gormly said . Victims of Sydney siege : A mother of three and a beloved son All the injuries that followed -- two fatal , including those to Monis , and four non-fatal -- were caused by police fire , according to the evidence . The inquest is expected to examine whether the deaths of Johnson , the cafe 's 34-year-old manager , and Katrina Dawson , a 38-year-old lawyer , could have been prevented . Addressing those at the hearing , which was closed to the public but open to hostages and victims ' families , Gormly outlined the events that led to the deaths of Johnson , Dawson and the gunman . He said the first killing , of Johnson , occurred at about 2.14 a.m. -- shortly after a group of hostages fled the cafe . Gormly described an execution-style killing , in which Monis ordered Johnson to kneel , then "  simply shot him , without further notice or warning , in the back of the head . " "  The end of the barrel was about 75 centimeters from Mr Johnson 's head at the moment of discharge , " he said . "  Mr Johnson is believed to have died immediately . " The killing was witnessed by a police marksman , resulting in an immediate order to force entry , he said . Police then shot out the glass doors and windows , threw in 11 "  distractors , " producing flashes and bangs , and two armed tactical response officers entered , firing 22 shots . At least two police bullets or bullet fragments struck Monis in the head and 11 other police bullets or fragments hit his body , killing him instantly , said Gormly . But their rounds ricocheted off the hard surfaces in the cafe , killing Dawson and injuring three other hostages and one of the response team , who was struck in the face . "  Ms Dawson was struck by six fragments of a police bullet or bullets , " he said . Gormly said the siege began after Monis entered the Lindt Cafe at about 8.33 a.m. , carrying a large backpack and a plastic bag containing a sawn-off shotgun , and ordered chocolate cake and tea . He moved to a table with a clear view of the cafe , then , after about 30 minutes , asked to speak with the manager . Staff noticed that Johnson 's body language appeared tense . He called on an employee to fetch his keys , lock the doors and remain calm . Monis then stood up , produced a shotgun and announced that he had a bomb , before ordering hostages to hold up an Islamic flag . He then ordered Johnson to make an emergency call to authorities announcing that it was a terrorist attack , and that there were bombs elsewhere . Police arrived at the scene shortly after . Several investigations into what occurred over the two days of the siege are underway , including what information security agencies had on Monis , and how the police handled the crisis . Lawyers representing Dawson , Johnson and the police force will appear at the inquest , as well as lawyers representing two tactical response officers . Johnson 's family members were in attendance , as well as John O'Brien , one of the first hostages to escape . Two charged in Sydney counter-terror arrests	An inquest begins into the Sydney siege , which resulted in deaths of two hostages One was killed execution-style by the gunman , the other was struck by police bullets Other investigations into the 16-hour siege are underway
CNN  -- Time for a change ? For the last four years , Lionel Messi has been unrivaled as the world 's finest footballer . On Tuesday the sport 's global governing body FIFA and France Football unveiled the nominees for the 2013 Ballon d'Or , the award handed to the year 's best player , and once again Barcelona star Messi heads up the list . The Argentine is joined on the 23-man shortlist by Cristiano Ronaldo , the Real Madrid goalscorer widely accepted as the one player who can challenge Messi 's supremacy . But after Bayern Munich 's stellar 2012-13 season , Messi and Ronaldo face a raft of challengers from the reigning European and German champions . Attacking talents Franck Ribery , Arjen Robben and Thomas Muller are joined on the list of nominees by Bayern teammates Philipp Lahm , Bastian Schweinsteiger and goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Can one of Bayern 's legion of top talents clinch football 's highest individual accolade ? Will Ronaldo wear the crown for the second time in his career ? Or will Messi reign supreme for a fifth year in row ? Ahead of the announcement of the 2013 FIFA Ballon d'Or winner in January , CNN anchor Amanda Davies picks out the contenders , the long shots and those on this year 's list who have no chance of seeing their name up in lights . Do you agree with our ratings ? Let us know by tweeting the @CNNFC account .	FIFA unveils the 23-man shortlist for the 2013 Ballon d'Or Barcelona 's Lionel Messi has won the award in each of the last four years Real Madrid Cristiano Ronaldo joins Messi on the 2013 shortlist Six players from European champions Bayern Munich are also nominated
CNN  -- Trust falls ? Rap sessions ? Giggle weed ? I do n't know what tools of the trade Paul Rudd and director David Wain share to dream up the kind of inspired nutso stuff Rudd has done in smart-funny-raunchy winners like "  Wet Hot American Summer " and "  Role Models . " But whatever it is , the two are in a groove -- and backed up by some blissed-out creative co-conspirators -- "  in Wanderlust . " The setup is sturdy . Rudd and costar Jennifer Aniston play George and Linda , sharp-edged Manhattanites who can barely afford their tiny living quarters -- known as a "  micro-loft , " in Realtor-speak -- even when George brings home a salary from his hated corporate job .  Linda , still looking for her career métier , fails to sell HBO on a super-depressing documentary about penguins with cancer .  Then George loses that hated job . The broke couple needs to flee NYC . So they hit the road , resigned to accepting shelter and abuse from George 's gloriously obnoxious "  successful " brother down in Atlanta , a prize pig played to the snout by Wanderlust coscreenwriter/producer and fellow Wain regular Ken Marino  "  Role Models "  . Kate Walsh nude on mag cover But somewhere on the road south , George and Linda stumble upon a kind of hippie-dippy Brigadoon , a past-its-prime Shangri-la , an anachronistic macraméd commune called Elysium . The place preaches peace and free love and beverages made of twigs , and is populated by crackpots just charismatic enough to seduce a pair of BlackBerry addicts like George and Linda . None is more appealing -- and full of crap -- than the alpha male called Seth , played with goofy gusto by Justin Theroux . What happens in Elysium does n't stay in Elysium : The alternative lifestyle begins to change the personality DNA of our essentially straight-arrow visitors . And that 's exactly the sweet spot where Wain-ian comedy -- rooted in craziness that breaches the walls of "  normal " -- lets Rudd shine . The actor is so clean-cut cute , yet so fearlessly capable of rolling in happy raunch . ` Downton Abbey ' : Top PBS rating since '09 Actually , every actor who gets the joke shines , even when the story occasionally bumbles and bobbles its momentum .  Ah , the shackles of the ho-hum happy romantic ending .  It 's a thrill to see sexy Malin Akerman  "  The Proposal "  , "  Six Feet Under 's " peachy Lauren Ambrose , priceless Kathryn Hahn  so memorable an adversary for Rudd in "  Our Idiot Brother "  , and elder statesman Alan Alda bond over hippie clichés . And , no small thing , it 's a pleasure to see Aniston thrive in her comedy zone , secure in the knowledge that for every inch of propriety she 's willing to cede , Paul Rudd is ready to get 10 times as crazy for a grateful nation . A - See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rudd and costar Jennifer Aniston play George and Linda in "  Wanderlust " Aniston thrives in her comedy zone and Rudd gets 10 times as crazy for a grateful nation Every actor who gets the joke shines , even when the story bumbles and bobbles its momentum
CNN  -- Former Vice President Al Gore will not face prosecution on an allegation of sexual assault from 2006 . The allegation , brought forth by Molly Hagerty , claims Gore sexually abused her during a professional massage at the Hotel Lucia in Portland on October 24 , 2006 . CNN policy is to not name the alleged victim in a sexual abuse case , unless the person has come forward publicly to the media . Hagerty told her story to the National Enquirer . The Portland Police Bureau did not recommend prosecution "  due to a lack of credible evidence , " according to the Multnomah County district attorney 's office . "  After evaluating the materials submitted by PPB I have concluded that I agree with the assessment that a sustainable criminal case does not exist , " Senior Deputy District Attorney Don Rees wrote in a memo Friday . "  Ms. Hagerty 's detailed statement ... is insufficient to support a criminal charge given other contradictory evidence , conflicting witness statements , credibility issues , lack of forensic evidence and denials by Mr. Gore . " Gore 's office in Nashville , Tennessee , released a statement saying the former vice president was pleased with the finding . "  Mr. Gore unequivocally and emphatically denied this accusation when he first learned of its existence three years ago , " the statement reads . "  He respects and appreciates the thorough and professional work of the Portland authorities and is pleased that this matter has now been resolved . " An attorney for Hagerty did not immediately return a call for comment . According to the district attorney 's office , Portland police first became aware of the allegations in December 2006 , when Hagerty 's attorney said his client had been subjected to "  unwanted sexual contact " by Gore . After a series of canceled meetings with investigators , Hagerty 's attorney told police the matter would be handled strictly as a civil case and no police complaint would be filed . After Hagerty 's allegations were published in the National Enquirer this summer , Portland police opened a full investigation , Rees wrote . Portland police submitted their findings to the district attorney 's office on Tuesday and did not recommend prosecution . The district attorney 's office noted several deficiencies in the case : "  Ms. Hagerty , who has red hair , states she called Mr. Gore immediately following the alleged incident and told him to ` dream of redheaded women ' seemingly in contradiction to her assertions that she was terrified of Mr. Gore , " Rees wrote . The DA 's office also said Hagerty did not provide medical records she claimed were related to the case , despite repeated requests . Rees also wrote that Hagerty failed a polygraph examination and was apparently paid by the National Enquirer for her story .	District attorney 's office cites numerous "  deficiencies " in the alleged victim 's case Portland police recommended no prosecution DA 's office cites "  lack of credible evidence " Alleged incident took place during 2006 massage
CNN  -- Last week , I sat down with colleagues and students to an early Thanksgiving meal prepared by my university 's cafeteria . Along with our winter greens , butternut squash , brussels sprouts with apples and bacon , and pumpkin grits , we ate a roasted "  heritage breed turkey . " Accolades ensued : "  To me , all turkeys taste the same -- except for this one -- I can tell the difference , " said William Payne who works in the medical school . The local greens from Georgia farms were "  really , really tasty , " said a first-year student from the Atlanta area and her friend from Tianjin , China . The meal was Emory University 's fourth Heritage Harvest Feast . The turkey that had everybody talking was a Narragansett , a heritage breed native to Rhode Island . Along with Bourbon Reds , Narragansetts have been saved from extinction by farms like the Good Shepherd Poultry Ranch in Kansas , where Emory 's turkey 's come from , and by the efforts of the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy , a nonprofit dedicated to conserving rare breeds of livestock . The Heritage Harvest Feast is not only an occasion for thanks and a good meal , but it also is part of a commitment to building a more sustainable food system . Sustainability depends on variety . To preserve variety , we need to grow it and want to eat it ! Thanksgiving advice , recipes , solidarity and sanity Genetic variety in our food system is the result of thousands of years of farmer and consumer choices , in itself a precious human heritage . Adapted to local climates and all kinds of diseases and pests , the seeds and breeds that have survived until the present day are often hardier , more resilient -- and can be more nutritious as well . As our planet warms and growing seasons shift , new patterns of flood , drought , frost and pests will stress our food system . When farmers plant large tracts of one variety -- perhaps one that is bred to grow faster , is suited to mechanical harvest and travels well -- or consumers demand only one breed of animal , our food supply is vulnerable . In the 1970s , for example , a disease wiped out more than 50 % of the corn crop in some states , because those areas were planted to one single corn variety . Crop uniformity is the enemy of resilience . The hardy traits of older , heirloom varieties provide a safety valve . They allow us to breed new , more resilient crops using traits we do n't even know we need until disaster strikes . But can we count on those genetic riches surviving today ? Around the world , the loss of species to extinction is progressing faster than ever . And this loss includes our seed varieties . Studies using USDA crop lists from 1903 estimate that only 6-7 % of the nation 's named commercial varieties remained available by the 1980s . We lost , for example , 86 % of our apple varieties and 92 % of our lima beans . Cary Fowler and Pat Mooney in "  Shattering : Food , Politics , and the Loss of Genetic Diversity " report that 93 % of our lettuce varieties , 81 % of our tomatoes , 93 % of our carrots and 91 % of watermelon varieties are extinct . To be sure , commercial seed catalogs now list many new hybrid crop varieties . But these hybrid seeds do not contain the range of genetic variability of the older , open-pollinated seeds  that is , plants pollinated by birds , insects or wind that "  breed true "  that reflect centuries of selection . This is a staggering loss of our precious genetic heritage . The best guarantee of a safe food supply as we head toward an uncertain global future is a large number of diverse food producers growing a wide variety of healthy seeds and breeds . But to save this rich biodiversity -- of potatoes or turkeys -- there needs to be a market . Fortunately , there is a growing awareness of the importance of heirloom varieties , and local farmers markets and even some grocery stores feature multiple varieties . Savoring distinct flavors in special types of vegetables , fruits and meats encourages us to recognize , enjoy and support farmers who are preserving variety . iReport : Who 's at your Thanksgiving table ? That 's why Cora and her husband , Simon ,  who came from the chemistry department to our early Thanksgiving dinner  grow a garden with heirloom vegetable varieties . And they order a heritage breed turkey for Thanksgiving even though it costs more . They are willing to spend extra money because , says Cora , "  it 's tastier , and we 'd rather eat meat less often and not get mass-produced and flavorless turkey . " So , as you plan your feasts this holiday season , can you add an heirloom vegetable ? Try a local specialty ? Seek out a heritage breed ? Our food future may depend on it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy F. Barlett .	Peggy Barlett : Early Thanksgiving dinner drew raves for tasty heritage turkey served She says a sustainable food system needs diversity , preservation of old varieties She says new weather patterns will stress crops ; old varieties provide growing options Barlett : Majority of food plant varieties are lost ; help save the rest by providing demand
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For the 2.5 million people who have fled the four-year conflict in war-torn Darfur , refugee camps in eastern Chad hold the promise of a safe haven . Women and girls have to make perilous journeys outside their refugee camps to find firewood But , once there , it 's the women refugees ' role to find wood and water . To do this , they have to leave the camps and walk for many miles , putting their very lives at risk . Now , a small nonprofit organization is cutting the dangers faced by these women , by helping them to move away from firewood and cook using cardboard , tinfoil and the power of the sun . And as well as saving lives , they 're offering refugees hope , independence and economic opportunity . A month 's wood supply "  lasts five days " The World Food Program gives Darfur refugees a maize/soy mixture , beans , lentils , salt , oil and firewood . But a month 's wood ration only lasts five days , so to cook this food , women are forced to forage for fuel -- and that 's a dangerous business . When they leave the relative safety of the camps , they are vulnerable to beatings , rape and murder at the hands of roving Janjaweed patrols and local villagers , with whom they compete for scanty resources . When Californian nonprofit Jewish World Watch heard about the dangers these Darfur refugees face , they were determined to act . Their co-founder and president , Janice Kamenir-Reznik , told CNN , "  These women have survived onslaughts on their villages and hundreds of miles of walking to get to a camp . That they should be vulnerable there seemed terrible . " Jewish World Watch saw that if they could cut the number of trips that women had to make outside the camps , they should see a concomitant fall in violent attacks . Solar cooking seemed the solution . Without forces of their own on the ground , the charity decided to fund a partner to run a trial . But when they approached the large relief organizations , they received a lukewarm response : the cultural and educational challenges involved in solar cooking were felt to be insurmountable . Kamenir-Reznik and her colleagues were certain solar cooking would work in the camps , and they persisted . "  If you protected your daughter from having to walk 20 miles to find wood and give her body to violence in the process , would n't you think that 's worth it ? " she told CNN . "  What do people think , that these people do n't care about their daughters as much as you and I care about ours ? They do what they have to for survival , but that does n't mean they like it . " Eventually , Jewish World Watch were put in touch with KoZon , a small Dutch nonprofit who were carrying out a pilot in Iridimi camp , home to 17,000 refugees . In May 2006 , the Iridimi project launched . "  It ca n't be hot : there has been no fire . " At project manager Derk Rijks 's first demonstration in Iridimi , Rijks 's 40-strong female audience was skeptical . He set up the cooker , then waited until the food was ready . "  I took the oldest , most respected mama I could find in the group , " he recalls . "  I said , ` Mama , will you open the bag and take the pot out ? ' I offered her my handkerchief and said , ` Take this , because the pot will be hot . ' She looked at me and said , ` No , it ca n't be hot : there has been no fire . ' I said , ` Mama , I warn you , it is very hot . You will burn yourself . ' She said , ` It ca n't be hot . ' She opened the bag , put her hand on the pot and jumped back two meters . Then she looked at me and said , ' I have two hands ! I want two handkerchiefs ! ' " The women were incredulous that solar cooking had worked . Rijks offered to teach them how to cook their food using solar the following day , but he still had to promise them his rations as a guarantee in case it did n't work . It did . The women in Iridimi camp have now embraced solar cooking wholeheartedly , even converting their menfolk , who were skeptical initially because the food tasted different . Cardboard and tinfoil Rijks 's team ships in the cardboard and aluminum foil that makes the cookers . The refugees use Arabic gum as a glue , which they buy in Chad -- and that 's all they need . And he is keen that the refugees own and run the project independently . "  Our only jobs are to show it once or twice , train the auxiliary trainers and train the artisans . It is now their project , " he said . The climate in Chad allows the women in Iridimi camp to cook on solar for about 330 days per year . They still have to use wood stoves in the mornings , but lunch is cooked using solar , as is the evening meal , which is kept warm in insulated baskets until it 's needed . Over 18 months , all women in the Iridimi camp over the age of 15 have been trained and 10,000 cookers have been distributed . And when the women at nearby Touloum camp heard about the solar cookers at Iridimi , they asked if the project could be extended . That 's happening shortly : Rijks estimates that the women in Touloum will be cooking with solar within a year and a half . Eventually , Jewish World Watch hopes to extend the project to a third camp , as well as funding the ongoing projects at Iridimi and Touloum -- the cookers have to be replaced every few months . Trips to find firewood "  cut by three quarters " Rijks reports that the number of trips women make to find firewood has fallen by about three quarters . But that 's not the only advantage . Now that the women do n't have to sit by smoky fires constantly stirring their food , they are healthier and have more free time to develop cottage industries , like vegetable gardening and craftwork . The gardens are irrigated using recycled water from the showers . Some women weave insulation baskets ; others make protective bags to carry the cookers . Rijks has recently struck a deal with the trucks and the Air France planes that bring supplies to the camp to take back the women 's handicrafts for sale in the West . What will the future hold for these refugees ? The message from the women at Iridimi is of hope , one day . "  They all say , ` When we go back home , we 'll teach this to all the women in our village and they will all do solar cooking , ' " Rijks told CNN . "  They 're convinced they 're going home . " Rijks himself is less sure . "  I know it wo n't be immediate but I hope that the refugees can go back in a few years , " he said . "  It will be an immeasurable shame on the West if we could n't arrange that . " A catalyst for the future As for solar cooking , Janice Kamenir-Reznik hopes that the success of their project will inspire others . "  I would hope that our little project was a catalyst for the UN High Commission for Refugees to wean the relief organizations off wood and onto solar cooking , " she said . "  That 's our ultimate dream . " "  The larger organizations tend to see things a little bit more rigidly : find a solution to cook today 's dinner , " she continued . "  But the problem 's not an instant one to solve . You do n't just keep providing the firewood for today 's dinner . You build for the future . " And back in Iridimi camp , the ray of hope that solar cooking is bringing to some of the world 's most destitute people -- along with personal safety , improved health and entrepreneurial opportunity -- will continue to shine . ... . Is slow-cooking with solar power the way forward ? Do you think the United Nations should switch to solar cooking ? Share your thoughts and read others ' views in the Just Imagine forum . ... . For more information on the solar cooker project or to make a donation , visit Jewish World Watch 's Web site . Images courtesy of Barbara Grover . E-mail to a friend	Violence in Darfur has left more than 200,000 dead and 2.5 million displaced Solar cookers in refugee camp reduce the need for firewood by up to 75 percent Fewer trips outside leaves women less prone to beatings , rape and murder Accompanying cottage industries provide entrepreneurial opportunity
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- The Cuban government has agreed to allow all private businesses to hire employees , - something previously restricted to a limited number of occupations , state media said Tuesday . A meeting of the Council of Ministers also approved a proposal to delay massive layoffs , Granma newspaper reported , without providing any details . Last year , President Raul Castro announced the biggest shakeup to the Soviet-style economic model in decades . He said more than a million state jobs needed to be eliminated . At the same time , he said more private enterprise would be allowed to help soak up some of the unemployed and provide new sources of income , via taxes , for depleted state coffers . The government published a list of 178 private occupations that Cubans could hold , from running a private restaurant to working as a plumber to being a party clown . Of those , 83 of them could hire employees . Now , the Council of Ministers has granted all small businesses the authority to hire employees and agreed to further loosen regulations on the self-employed , according to Granma . The newspaper said it would provide details at a later date . More than 200,000 Cubans have bought licenses to open small businesses since October . The plan for government layoffs was harshly criticized by Cubans worried that for the first time in 50 years they will no longer be guaranteed a job , no matter how small the salary . Castro originally had said that half of the layoffs from state jobs would come by March of this year . He later announced that the layoffs would be delayed , without giving a new timetable .	All private businesses are allowed to hire employees , the Council of Ministers says Details will be provided at a later date , Granma newspaper reports More than 200,000 Cubans have bought licenses to open small businesses since October
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate health care bill is not worthy of the historic vote that the House took a month ago . Even though the House version is far from perfect , it at least represents a step toward our goal of giving 36 million Americans decent health coverage . But under the Senate plan , millions of Americans will be forced into private insurance company plans , which will be subsidized by taxpayers . That alternative will do almost nothing to reform health care but will be a windfall for insurance companies . Is it any surprise that stock prices for some of those insurers are up recently ? I do not want to subsidize the private insurance market ; the whole point of creating a government option is to bring prices down . Insisting on a government mandate to have insurance without a better alternative to the status quo is not true reform . By eliminating the public option , the government program that could spark competition within the health insurance industry , the Senate has ended up with a bill that is n't worthy of its support . The public option is the part of our reform effort that will lower costs , improve the delivery of health care services and force insurance companies to offer rates and services that are reasonable . Although the art of legislating involves compromise , I believe the Senate went off the rails when it agreed with the Obama Administration to water down the reform bill and no longer include the public option . But that 's not the only thing wrong with the Senate 's version of the health care bill . Under that plan , insurance companies can punish older people , charging them much higher rates than the House bill would allow . In the House , we fought hard to repeal McCarran-Ferguson , the antitrust exemption that insurance companies have enjoyed for years . We did that because we believed firmly that those Fortune 500 corporations should not enjoy special treatment . Yet the Senate bill does not include that provision -- despite assurances from some members that they will seek to add it . By ending that protection , we will be able to go after insurance companies with federal penalties for misleading advertising or dishonest business practices . The House bill would cover 96 percent of legal residents , while the Senate covers 94 percent . Compared with the House bill , the Senate 's bill makes it much easier for employers to avoid the responsibility of providing insurance for their workers . And of course , the Senate bill did not remove the onerous choice language intended to appeal to anti-abortion forces . Now do n't get me wrong ; the current House and Senate bills are a significant improvement over the status quo . Given the hard path to reform and the political realities of next year , there is a sizable group within Congress that wants to simply cut any deal that works and call it a success . Many previous efforts have failed , and the path to reform is littered with unsuccessful efforts championed by Franklin Delano Roosevelt , Harry Truman and Bill Clinton . Supporters of the weak Senate bill say "  just pass it -- any bill is better than no bill . " I strongly disagree -- a conference report is unlikely to sufficiently bridge the gap between these two very different bills . It 's time that we draw the line on this weak bill and ask the Senate to go back to the drawing board . The American people deserve at least that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Louise Slaughter .	Senate bill is n't worthy of being called health reform , says Rep. Louise Slaughter  D-New York Slaughter , who heads Rules Committee , says lack of public option is a fatal flaw She says Senate bill would not stir competition among big insurance firms Slaughter : Senate needs to go back and start over on health care
CNN  -- Actor Stephen Collins , who is in the news for child molestation allegations , is best known for playing the clergyman father in the TV series "  7th Heaven . " But he has had a long career on television , theater and the movies . Here are some details about his life : 1 . You 've seen him on the big screen . The Iowa-born , New York-raised Collins , who turned 67 on October 1 , made his film debut in 1976 's "  All the President 's Men " as Hugh Sloan , a real-life person who was treasurer of Richard Nixon 's 1972 presidential campaign committee . Three years later , he starred as Capt. Willard Decker in "  Star Trek : The Motion Picture , " one of a handful of non - "  Star Trek " regulars to have a major role in the 1979 film . Other Collins films include "  Jumpin ' Jack Flash , " "  The Big Picture , ' "  The First Wives Club " and "  Blood Diamond . " He could have gotten his big-screen debut earlier . According to People magazine , Collins was considered for the Ryan O'Neal role in "  Love Story " but had already agreed to another part . Collins was supposed to appear in the upcoming "  Ted 2 " but was fired from the job in the wake of the molestation allegations . Bizarre end to ' 7th Heaven ' actor Stephen Collins ' day 2 . He had a number of TV spots before "  7th Heaven . " Collins was the star of "  Tales of the Gold Monkey , " a 1983 series that attempted to channel the success of the "  Indiana Jones " movies , with Collins cast as an adventurous 1930s bush pilot . It lasted a season . In 1988 , he starred in "  Tattingers , " a much-hyped series  from "  St. Elsewhere 's " Bruce Paltrow and John Masius  about a New York restaurant . It was also gone within a season . "  Working It Out , " from 1990 , lasted a season as well . He also appeared in TV miniseries and movies , earning an Emmy nomination for 1987 's "  The Two Mrs. Grenvilles " and playing John F. Kennedy in 1991 's "  A Woman Named Jackie . " 3 . He found major success with "  7th Heaven . " As the Rev. Eric Camden , Collins finally found a lead role on a long-running series . "  7th Heaven , " about a Protestant minister and his family in Southern California , ran for 11 seasons on the WB  later the CW  from 1996-2007 and earned a steady following for its wholesome characters and issue-oriented storylines . "  It may have been a throwback to the 1950s , " wrote Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh in "  The Complete Guide to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows , " "  but for its loyal viewers it was an oasis of normalcy in a TV desert full of dysfunctional and ever more hostile families . "  The series was produced by Aaron Spelling , better known for such shows as "  Charlie 's Angels , " "  The Love Boat " and "  Melrose Place . " His "  7th Heaven " role influenced his real life . In 1999 , People magazine reported that Collins spent one Sunday a month as a lay eucharistic minister at a Los Angeles Episcopalian church . "  I guess life does imitate art ! " he told the magazine . Since "  7th Heaven 's " departure , Collins has had regular roles in "  Private Practice " and "  Revolution , " among others . UPtv , a family-friendly network , said it was pulling reruns of "  7th Heaven " from its lineup in the wake of the sexual allegations . 4 . He 's worked in theater -- and as an author . According to his website , Collins has appeared in more than a dozen Broadway and off-Broadway productions , including the original production of "  The Ritz , " the American premiere of Stephen Sondheim 's "  Putting It Together " and the recent Broadway run of "  Monty Python 's Spamalot . " He played King Arthur , a role originated by Tim Curry . Collins , urged on by friend Christopher Guest , also wrote two novels : "  Eye Contact " and "  Double Exposure . " 5 . He 's going through a messy divorce . The recent scandal was precipitated by Collins ' divorce from actress Faye Grant , whom he married in 1985 .  His first marriage , to Marjorie Weinman , ended in 1978 . According to divorce documents filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court , Grant says she learned that Collins had "  been engaging in a long-term pattern of sexually molesting children . " She said Collins admitted to her that he molested three underage girls more than a decade prior , the court document says . Neither Collins ' attorney nor his agent immediately returned any of CNN 's numerous calls . Grant 's representatives also did n't respond to requests for comment . Grant said in the court documents that she was unaware of Collins ' behavior until he told her in January 2012 . They separated the next month , after almost 27 years of marriage . Collins and Grant have one child , a daughter . TMZ released an audio recording Tuesday that purports to have been recorded during a November 2012 therapy session involving Collins and Grant . In it , the website says , Collins made incriminating statements similar to those Grant accuses him of in divorce filings , namely that he admitted to her that he molested underage girls . Grant told E! News she had nothing to do with the release of the recording . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed , Jane Caffrey and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this story .	Stephen Collins ' acting career goes back almost five decades Performer 's movie roles include "  All the President 's Men " and 1979 "  Star Trek " Collins best known for "  7th Heaven , " which ran for 11 seasons Actor faces sexual molestation allegations
San Diego , California  CNN  -- A U.S. District Court judge declined Friday to release the findings from authorities ' search of accused gunman Jared Lee Loughner 's family home because a federal investigation is still ongoing and a grand jury is preparing an indictment . Loughner , 22 , is accused of shooting U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , and 18 other people on January 8 , six of them fatally . An indictment could be ready by March 9 , when two Arizona media outlets seeking the results of search warrants could renew their request , Judge Larry Burns said . In another matter relating to Loughner , Burns said he would not make a ruling on a defense request to withhold two new mug shots of Loughner taken by the U.S. Marshals Service after his arrest in the mass shootings in Tucson , Arizona . Loughner , who is being held by authorities in Arizona , did not appear in court Friday . The marshals service attempt to release the two mug shots was based on a 6th Circuit Court ruling , and the judge said he would let media outlets in the 6th Circuit Court region -- Kentucky , Michigan , Ohio and Tennesse -- seek the release of the two mug shots . Burns was assigned to the Loughner case by the 9th Circuit Court , where he 's based , after Arizona federal judges recused themselves from the case because their state 's chief federal judge was allegedly killed by Loughner . The 9th Circuit Court region includes California and Arizona . Loughner 's public defenders sought to bar the release of the mug shots after the U.S. Marshals Service planned to release them on February 7 under Freedom of Information Act requests made by 15 individuals , four of them within the 6th Circuit , according to court records and the judge . But the judge commented that the mug shots of Loughner do n't appear to jeopardize his right to a fair trial . "  I do not see a serious threat to his ability to get a fair trial if the two mug shots are released , " Burns said . Federal prosecutors and Loughner 's public defender have opposed requests to make public the photos , asserting Loughner 's privacy rights and his 6th Amendment guarantee for a fair trial . The mug shot of a smirking Loughner that has widely appeared in the media was one taken by Pima County , Arizona , authorities after the shootings . Federal prosecutors also opposed publicly disclosing the inventory of their search of Loughner 's house after the shooting , arguing in court papers that the media does n't have a right to search warrant materials until a formal indictment against Loughner is made . But David Bodney , an attorney for two Arizona media outlets seeking the search warrant results , said federal officials have already released selective details of the search and added that the First Amendment and federal law provide "  a strong presumptive right of public access " to the records . But Bodney 's arguments failed to convince the judge . "  I think his rulings were very understandable based on the information we heard for the first time ... namely there is still an investigation , " Bodney said after Friday 's hearing . The publishing company for the Arizona Republic newspaper and the Phoenix television station KPNX Broadcasting Co. were seeking to make public the results -- or returns -- of at least two search warrants executed in the Loughner case , one issued by a Pima County judge on the day of the shootings and another issued January 12 . Loughner is accused of shooting Giffords in the head at a "  Congress on Your Corner " event on January 8 at a Tucson grocery store and then shooting 18 other people , six of them fatally . The dead included Giffords staffer Gabe Zimmerman and U.S. District Judge John Roll . Giffords is recovering in a Houston rehabilitation hospital . Loughner is charged with one count of attempting to assassinate Giffords and two counts of attempted murder in the shootings of Giffords staffers Pamela Simon and Ron Barber . Loughner had also faced two murder charges in the deaths of Roll and Zimmerman , but in a procedural maneuver last week , prosecutors temporarily dropped those two charges and plan to bring them back under a superseding indictment that is expected to include other charges as well . Prosecutors intend to present a superseding indictment containing the murder charges at the next status hearing in the case on March 9 , said Robbie Sherwood , a spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Phoenix . The federal government will prosecute Loughner before state prosecutors pursue a criminal case against him , federal and state prosecutors said this month . Friday 's hearing was held in San Diego because presiding Judge Burns and Loughner 's federal public defender , Judy Clarke , are based in the city . Burns is a 2003 Bush appointee serving in the U.S. District Court for Southern California in San Diego . Last month , Burns entered not guilty pleas on behalf of Loughner , who declined to tell the court his plea during an arraignment . At that hearing , prosecutors said they had turned over hours of videos taken off Loughner 's home computer to the defense . Two federal judicial sources told CNN last month they expect Loughner 's attorneys to ask that any trial be moved out of Arizona , possibly to San Diego , but the Justice Department indicated it would oppose a move . The sources said they expect the defense to make a formal motion in coming weeks to move court proceedings to a neighboring jurisdiction because of pretrial publicity . Earlier last month , federal sources said that whether to support an out-of-state change of venue , a move that has happened rarely in recent years , appeared to be an ongoing point of disagreement within the Justice Department . A trial also could be held in Arizona outside Tucson , those sources said . There are federal courthouses in Phoenix , Flagstaff and Yuma . A final decision will be made by Roslyn Silver , the new chief judge of the federal courts in Arizona . The 1994 Clinton appointee to the federal bench has taken over for Roll . Federal sources said Silver -- if asked to move the trial -- would consult with officials of the 9th Circuit , the federal judicial region that comprises nine Western states .	NEW : Judge says he wo n't make a ruling on whether two new mug shots should be released Judge declines to release findings from authorities ' search of Jared Lee Loughner 's family home Loughner is charged in the January 8 mass shooting in Tucson , Arizona
CNN  -- How do you protect some of the world 's rarest large mammals from rampant poaching in an area about six times the size of Manhattan ? Conservationists in Kenya believe the answer could come from the skies . Nestled in the shadow of the majestic Mount Kenya , Ol Pejeta Conservancy is a 90,000-acre game reserve boasting a wide array of wildlife , including the endangered black and white rhinos , elephants , leopards , lions and chimpanzees . Since late 2009 , it has also been home to four of the last seven northern white rhinos left in the world . Despite its vast size , the privately owned conservancy relies on a team of just 190 rangers -- 40 of whom are armed -- to safeguard the wildlife roaming its grass plains and acacia-dotted savannah . Rhinos , in particular , are in great danger as their horns , which are highly coveted in some parts of the world for their supposed healing powers , are increasingly being targeted by highly equipped criminal syndicates . Armed with big guns , chainsaws and night-vision equipment , poachers seem to prefer targeting privately owned game parks , where security is often a big expense that not all of them can afford . But now bosses at Ol Pejeta are planning to test an innovative solution to supplement their security efforts for the protection of the endangered animals : unmanned aerial drones that will help monitor and track wildlife across the reserve night and day , as well as providing immediate notifications over the presence of poachers . Read : Boy 's website helps tourists spot big beasts Last week , the Kenyan conservancy successfully concluded its campaign to raise $ 35,000 via crowd-funding website Indiegogo to help it buy its first drone from U.S. company Unmanned Innovation Inc. . The electrically powered "  aerial ranger , " with a final cost of about $ 70,000 , will be fitted with a high-definition camera featuring a powerful zoom for day operations and infrared thermal imaging for night flights . Each aerial mission is expected to cover an area of 50 square miles over a 90-minute flight . It will fly three or four times a day , monitoring the locations of the endangered species and transmitting a live stream to a laptop on the ground , providing key information that will enable rangers to reach vulnerable areas and fend off any potential poaching dangers . Unarmed drones have been deployed by a number of conservancies across the world in recent years to protect endangered species but this is the first time they will be tested in East Africa , say Ol Pejeta staff . Rob Breare , who is heading up the Kenyan conservancy 's project , says drones can be a key weapon against illegal hunters , adding to the efficiency of other measures adopted in recent years , such as intensifying staff training , installing a fully electrified perimeter fence and tracking each of the reserve 's 110 rhinos every three days . "  On the most basic level , it 's just a sheer deterrent factor , " he says . "  If people hear them , if they know there 's an eye in the sky , it 's a huge deterrence to try anything . " He adds : "  The next level up is what we call observation -- the ability to use our camera footage to see what 's going on in situations and direct our rangers to a location . " Rhino poaching has soared in recent years in parts of Africa . Ol Pejeta claims that a rhino horn can bring in $ 12,000 , but exact prices are hard to measure . Some say a kilogram of rhino horn is more valuable than gold , though that is disputed by others . Read : Last of the bush trackers on the trail of a dying art There are about 25,000 rhinos in Africa , according to conservation group Save the Rhino . Of those , about 20,700 live in South Africa and some 960 in Kenya . Recent data by the South African government showed that 668 rhinos were slaughtered last year in the country -- a nearly 50 % jump compared to 2011 . Richard Vigne , chief executive at Ol Pejeta , say that Kenya is losing similar numbers of rhinos as South Africa in percentage terms . "  It is very bad and getting worse for both rhinos and elephants , " he adds , noting that Ol Pejeta lost seven rhinos in the 2010-2011 period but managed to control the situation over the last 12 months . Vigne says that strong demand for horns from China and the Far East has created a lucrative poaching market that 's attracted organized criminals who are increasingly using more sophisticated methods in their illegal activities . "  The equation is simple , " explains Vigne . "  The higher the prices obtainable for ivory and rhino horn , the bigger the risks people will take to obtain these commodities and the more attractive they become for organized criminal syndicates . " Read : Save wildlife trafficking Ol Pejeta , which welcomes about 80,000 visitors annually , is hoping to be able to expand its drone fleet and ultimately share its experience with neighboring game reserves . But more than just a valuable anti-poaching tool , staff at Ol Pejeta believe that the drones have benefits that can extend to several other key aspects of conservation . They plan to chip the rhinos and other endangered animals with unique radio frequency ID tags , which the drones will be able to recognize and locate . Conservationists hope that this system will let them gather data on animal behavior that could prove to be useful for academic purposes as well as boosting tourism activities . "  What we ultimately want to get to is what we 've been calling tracking , " explains Breare . "  The ability to use the drones not only for anti-poaching operations but actually to track animal movement and animal behavior ... In the long run we can have some quite interesting ideas around how drones can be used in tourism . " Read : Rhino poaching hits record numbers	Ol Pejeta Conservancy plans to use a drone to monitor its wildlife and fend off poachers The Kenyan reserve hopes to conduct its first flight in about a month It is home to four of the last world 's last remaining seven northern white rhinos Rhino poaching rates are soaring , fueled by a belief their horns have medicinal value
LITTLE ROCK , Arkansas  CNN  -- Carlotta Walls LaNier points out the only two African-Americans in her senior class as she flips through her high school yearbook . She pauses when she sees the picture on a page dedicated to "  Integration . " Carlotta Walls LaNier and eight other members of the Little Rock Nine are invited to Obama 's inauguration . It 's been nearly five decades since LaNier graduated from Little Rock Central High School in Arkansas . "  It shows how the 101st were on the grounds of the school , " says LaNier . In 1957 , soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division , an elite Army unit , escorted LaNier and eight other African-American students into the all-white public high school . The students , who became known as the Little Rock Nine , were taunted and threatened by an angry mob . "  We knew we could not participate in extracurricular activities , " recalls LaNier . "  There was one who could have been in the band , one who could have been on track . I was the one who played basketball ... I could n't do that . " Back then , LaNier thought once the doors of equality were open it would n't be long before an African-American became president . "  I had hoped to see something like that in the next 10 or 15 years when I was in high school but that did n't happen , " says LaNier . What has happened is a new generation of students walks the halls at Central High . Even though the exterior looks the same as it did during integration -- the interior would be almost unrecognizable to LaNier and the other Little Rock Nine . Student : I ca n't believe it happened here , but I 'm glad it did " Today , the sea of mostly white faces has disappeared . The hallways are now filled with a more racially diverse student body . Students take a class to learn about the school 's history and many say it 's given them a greater appreciation for racial tolerance . "  Now it 's definitely hard to imagine -- you walk into the halls and you see people of all different races are in the hallway . And in addition , the majority of our school is African-American now , " points out Afshar Sanati , student body president . "  It is hard for me to walk inside the school every day and see how this place could have been such a hostile environment for nine African-American students . " LaNier is still humble when she reflects on her experience . "  We all knew that we were giving up something for a bigger cause and -LSB- we were -RSB- happy that we did it , " says LaNier . "  Because it has been 51 years , I think they were baby steps now . But they were big steps then . " The steps taken by the Little Rock Nine were so big , in fact , they received personal invitations to attend President-elect Barack Obama 's inauguration . "  I think the Little Rock Nine set the foundation , " says student Sarah Karney . "  I do n't think -LSB- Obama 's election -RSB- could have happened without them . " Today , many students at Central High see themselves as the beneficiaries of an Obama presidency . "  Him being president means there actually is a chance for anyone to do what they want to do if they work hard enough , " says Helena Liu , who says she does n't see race when she looks at Obama . "  It does n't depend on your race -- it depends on who you are , the quality of your character , " says DeIvory Howard . " -LSB- We 've -RSB- got to get past just the color of our skins being newsworthy . It 's really about all the things we knew we could do for this country and now we have the opportunity to show it and it 's going to come through his leadership , " says LaNier . "  And , we 're looking forward to that . " Senior Chris Bell could n't agree more . "  This election proves that this America is just not the old America . It shows that America is ready for something different , " says Bell . "  I just think ... that 's amazing . "	Carlotta Walls LaNier , eight others integrated Little Rock Central High School In 1957 school was all-white ; today it 's predominantly African-American "  Little Rock Nine set the foundation " student says of Obama presidency LaNier hopes Americans will focus on a person 's ability ; not their race
A doctor at a government-run Ebola treatment center in Monrovia is too busy to mince words . "  You have so many patients in agony . Patients are crying in pain , " said Soka Moses . "  They are dying and all you do is you watch them die sometimes . You pray for them and do the little you do , and just hope that something miraculous happens , " he said . Moses got just one day 's training before jumping in to treat high-risk Ebola patients , which he says is typical . You simply do what needs to be done here , he said . At his center , one patient is too weak to hold up his own head . He writhes in pain as he 's given water to drink . Another is laid on the floor because there is no place else to put him . There are two patients for every bed . "  Life is rough , and then you die . What else can we do ? If we do n't do it , who will do it for us ? " asked Moses . "  We have to take the risk and cater to the patients , or else our country will be wiped away . " ` The poor are left to die ' West Africa is in the midst of the worst Ebola outbreak in history . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that some 9,000 people have contracted the disease so far . Heath officials put the death toll at around 4,500 , meaning that one in two people who get Ebola in this outbreak die . The odds are not good . They are especially not good for patients who are poor and live in places with underfunded and mismanaged health systems -- countries like Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , which have been hardest hit . Although much has been made of the cases in Spain and the United States , nearly all of the people getting sick from Ebola are in West Africa . "  The rich get the best care . The poor are left to die , " the World Health Organization said last month . The outbreak highlights the dangers of growing social and economic equality , said WHO Director-General Margaret Chan . It also lays bare the risks of a purely profit-driven system . Chan made the point that Ebola emerged nearly four decades ago , but there are still no vaccines and no cure . She wondered why . "  Answer : because Ebola has been , historically , geographically confined to poor African nations . "  The R&D incentive is virtually nonexistent . A profit-driven industry does not invest in products for markets that can not pay , " the WHO said . WHO to review Ebola response amid criticism ` Stop it at its source ' There are signs , however , that attitudes are changing . A deadly virus anywhere is a threat to everywhere now . "  We ca n't just cut ourselves off from West Africa where this disease is raging . Our medical experts tell us that the best way to stop this disease is to stop it at its source , before it spreads even wider and becomes even more difficult to contain , " President Barack Obama said recently . "  If we want to protect Americans from Ebola here at home , we have to end it over there , " he said . To that point , here 's a look at what 's happening in West Africa : Liberia The WHO says the outbreak in Liberia is by far the most worrisome . Approximately 2,500 people have died there , according to health officials , but that figure is almost certainly higher . Some families are reportedly hiding deaths to circumvent the government 's mandatory cremation policy . "  The true number of deaths will likely never be known , as bodies in the notoriously poor , filthy and overcrowded West Point slum , in the capital , Monrovia , have simply been thrown into the two nearby rivers , " the WHO said last month . According to the organization , new cases are increasing exponentially and there are many more patients than beds . Further complicating efforts there , health workers have threatened to strike over pay and unsafe working conditions . "  I do n't want to strike , but the President  of Liberia  has to listen , " said Moses , the doctor . "  You do n't want to have angry people knocking at your doors during this kind of emergency situation , so the President has to listen and act very fast . " Sierra Leone In terms of sheer numbers , Sierra Leone is second hardest-hit by the Ebola outbreak . Close to 1,200 people have died there . Among the dead are doctors and nurses , which slows down the country 's capacity to respond . Every district is affected , according to Doctors Without Borders , or MSF . The government has put five districts under quarantine , preventing people from leaving the area , the humanitarian organization said . MSF also said it was seeing more orphaned children in its centers and a lack of caregivers . Guinea The first case in this deadly outbreak has been identified by the WHO as a 2-year-old boy in the Guinean village of Meliandou . He fell ill and died in December . The area in southern Guinea is close to the Sierra Leone and Liberia borders , and the disease spread quickly . In total , more than 800 people have died there during the outbreak . "  On at least three occasions , prospects for nationwide control looked good and the countdown for a case-free 21-day incubation period began , " said WHO . "  The country never made it . As the deadline approached , cases suddenly flared up again in previously controlled villages and cities . In other instances , the virus marched on to infect previously untouched areas , " it said last month . Nigeria and Senegal The experiences of Nigeria and Senegal offer a rare bright spot in this outbreak . International MSF teams left Nigeria on October 5 . If there are no new cases reported there by Monday , the outbreak will be declared officially over there . The virus was introduced in Nigeria by an air traveler , who arrived in Lagos in July . WHO credits an aggressive government response and effective contact tracing for keeping the virus in check . Ebola claimed just eight lives in Nigeria . Meanwhile in Senegal , there was just one confirmed case of Ebola , and that patient made a full recovery . WHO declared the country free of the disease last week .	Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia have been hardest hit One in two people who get Ebola in this outbreak die The experiences of Nigeria , Senegal offer a rare bright spot
CNN  -- The Miami Dolphins have suspended Pro Bowler Richie Incognito after allegations of misconduct lodged by linemate Jonathan Martin , who left the NFL team last week in the middle of the season . Dolphins head coach Joe Philbin told reporters Monday he made the decision the previous night to suspend Incognito "  based on the information that I had at that time . " He did n't give a reason for the move . ESPN , NFL.com and other media outlets reported that representatives for Martin submitted voicemails containing racial slurs and threats of physical violence to the league and the Dolphins . One of the messages , from April , contained a reference to Martin 's biracial background , according to ESPN 's sources . "  Hey , wassup , you half  expletive  piece of  expletive  . "  I saw you on Twitter , you been training 10 weeks . I 'll  expletive  in your  expletive  mouth . I 'm gon na slap your  expletive  mouth , I 'm gon na slap your real mother across the face  laughter  .  Expletive  you , you 're still a rookie . I 'll kill you . " The team said Sunday in a statement that Incognito , a nine-year veteran at offensive guard , was suspended for detrimental conduct . "  We believe in maintaining a culture of respect for one another and as a result we believe this decision is in the best interest of the organization at this time , " the team said in a statement on its website . The Miami Herald reported that a Dolphins official said Incognito is "  done " with the team . A Dolphins spokesman had no comment . Cafeteria incident sparked departure Last week , the Dolphins announced Martin had taken "  a leave of absence . " Philbin said Martin left the team after an incident at the team 's cafeteria . Jay Glazer , an NFL analyst for FoxSports.com , reported that some of his teammates got up from a lunch table as a joke when Martin sat down . The lineman threw his food tray hard to the ground , he reported . Glazer later tweeted the incident was a final straw for Martin . The coach said representatives for Martin contacted the team Sunday with their concerns . The Dolphins spent Sunday gathering information , after which he suspended Incognito , Philbin said . Several media outlets said Martin had left the Dolphins because of bullying , something Incognito denied on Twitter . "  Shame on you for attaching my name to false speculation , " one of the tweets said , according to Bleacher Report . That tweet and others addressed to various media outlets were deleted later . A post from Sunday remained a day later : "  Three things can not be long hidden : the sun , the moon , and the truth -- Buddha . " Philbin said he met with Martin and also talked with members of his family before Sunday , and the second-year player did n't say anything about player misconduct . CNN reached out multiple times to representatives for each player but has n't received comment . ` Teddy bear off the field ' Chris Draft played with Incognito when both were with the St. Louis Rams in 2007 and 2008 . Incognito 's onfield aggressive persona was nothing like his personality away from the playing field , Draft said . "  He was really kind of a big teddy bear off the field . My wife actually loved him , " he told CNN . The Sporting News takes a yearly poll of NFL players , and in 2009 they dubbed Incognito the dirtiest player in the league . The Rams released Incognito in December 2009 after an argument during a game with then-head coach Steve Spagnuolo . He played with the Buffalo Bills for three games before joining the Dolphins . Incognito , who played in the Pro Bowl all-star game in January , appeared to have calmed down on the field , according to a profile on NFL.com . Incognito pointed to meditation as a positive tool he used . The NFL will review the case , league spokesman Greg Aiello said Monday . "  I will tell you that if the review shows that this is not a safe atmosphere I will take whatever measures are necessary to assure that it is , " Philbin said . "  I have that obligation to the players that I coach on a daily basis . " The NFL Players Association has said the union has not started an investigation . NFL 's pecking order Rookie Will Davis said he has n't experienced any acts of bullying or hazing . "  I think a lot of people think of hazing as being cruel , but I do n't see anything like that in this locker room , " he said . "  But it depends on how you take hazing . I 've always thought the guys in here were great . " He said everyone on the team loves Incognito . "  I was shocked , " he said . Wide receiver Mike Wallace said there was a lot of respect for both players . "  I know both of those guys personally , " he said . "  I feel like they are both good guys . " Former Dolphins linebacker Channing Crowder told "  Piers Morgan Live " that a locker room is often a place where players are trying to establish a pecking order . People can not compare it to working at a regular job , he said , because we are talking about physically aggressive men with big egos competing and trying to prove their manhood . NFL players are "  a bunch of testosterone-filled alpha males who are trying to find their place on the totem pole , " he told CNN . He said when Incognito joined the team , he would test people to see where he stood with them . "  He is a guy that needs to know his place with you , " Crowder said . Incognito also apparently liked to play pranks . In a segment shown on a HBO series that follows one NFL team during each preseason , Incognito figured out a teammate 's iPad password . He then teased the player about a status update he made for the player and joked about the player 's fiancee . "  Hard Knocks " has given audiences a look inside team dynamics , sometimes giving viewers a glimpse at life for rookies . And inevitably some of the younger players get hazed . Hazing on the decline ? Still , former Dolphins running back Ricky Williams said it occurs less frequently in the NFL than most people think . "  Really I have n't see much hazing , " he said in an interview on "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " He said its a well-known "  rite of passage " for a high draft pick to pick up a big dinner bill for some other players on the team . "  Once you sign that contract there 's a lot of rules , written and unwritten , that you are expected to follow , " he said . "  For me , this is something that should be handled internally . I do n't think the media , I do n't think fans , I do n't think anyone outside is really in a position to really fully understand what occurs inside of a locker room and inside of a football team . " CNN Sports ' Quand Thomas contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-Dolphins player says Incognito would test his teammates Jonathan Martin took a leave of absence last week after an incident in cafeteria Media reports say Incognito left racially charged voice mail for teammate Jonathan Martin Report : Incognito will be released by Dolphins , team official says
Budget Travel  -- Face off with a giant croc ! Ride the world 's fastest coaster ! And seven more of the season 's greatest adventures . Get up close with a crocodile at Crocosaurus Cove in Darwin , Australia . Zip line , Maui , Hawaii At Piiholo Ranch , a working horse and cattle ranch on Maui , Hawaii 's longest zip line takes you screaming over guava trees and gulches filled with native ferns . Part of a five-line tour , Line 5 , which measures more than a half mile , even takes in a glimpse of the island 's north shore . 808/572 -1717 , piiholozipline.com , $ 190 . -- Carolina A. Miranda Rain forest sledding , Ocho Rios , Jamaica To train for the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary , the famed Jamaican bobsled team resorted to careering down the island 's Blue Mountains in a modified pushcart . To relive the team 's experience , head to Mystic Mountain , an eco-themed park on the country 's north coast . Here , thrill seekers hop into a bobsled on rails that tears through tropical forest and down a 3,200-foot track that , at one point , drops 400 feet at almost 30 mph . 876/974 -3990 , rainforestbobsledjamaica.com , $ 62 . -- Sara Morrow . Budget Travel : See photos of these summer thrills Crocodile close-ups , Darwin , Australia Meet Choppa , an 18-foot croc who can shred a bull shark with his jaws . At Crocosaurus Cove aquarium , visitors spend 15 heart-pounding minutes in his tank , the Cage of Death . A sturdy acrylic panel separates you from the 1,700-pound reptile -- but that does n't make the experience any less terrifying . 011-61/8 -8981 -7522 , crocosauruscove.com , admission $ 18.50 , Cage of Death $ 79 , reservations required . -- JD Rinne Rock and Roll Dreams , London , England Crackling amps , glaring lights , the roar of the crowd : Most of us will never know the euphoria of strutting around stage like a superstar . But at London 's British Music Experience , you can come close . The 20,000-square-foot interactive exhibit , open since March , has a room full of instruments where you can record your own hits and a studio where footage of you gets spliced into a music video . The grand finale : a room decked out in wall-size video screens , showing excerpts of concerts by the likes of Bowie and the Rolling Stones . 011-44/844 -847 -2477 , britishmusicexperience.com , adults $ 21 , kids under 16 $ 17 . -- Alison Rohrs Tiger tug-of-war , Tampa , Florida Twice a day , up to six visitors to Jungala , a four-acre animal attraction at Busch Gardens in Tampa , get to play tug-of-war with one of the park 's 11 Bengal tigers  with the 300-pound beast safely behind a double-mesh fence  . Not surprisingly , the tigers have maintained a flawless record -- the feistiest feline , a male named Bhutan , usually wins in about a minute . 888/800 -5447 , buschgardens.com , adults $ 70 , kids 3 to 9 $ 60 . -- Amy Chen . Budget Travel : More summer thrills Defy gravity , Nashville , Tennessee Channel your inner Neil Armstrong at the Sudekum Planetarium in Nashville , where the new Space Chase wing has two activities that simulate the weightless feeling of space . Guests buckle into a harness and , in minutes , are hurtling above the surface of the moon or alongside a spacecraft . 615/862 -5160 , sudekumplanetarium.com , adults $ 11 , kids under 12 $ 9 . -- Beth Collins COASTER WATCH On the rails of the newest adrenaline-pumping rides . The Diamondback , Mason , Ohio Named for a deadly viper , this beast opened in April at Kings Island , near Cincinnati . It has 10 vertical drops spread out over 10 acres , but the real thrill is the open-air vehicle itself , with individual stadium-style seats and no sides . 800/288 -0808 , visitkingsisland.com , adults $ 32 . -- Danielle Lipp Ring Racer , Nürburg , Germany One of pro racing 's toughest tracks , the Nürburgring will also , come July , feature the world 's fastest coaster -- a monster that can hit 135 mph in under three seconds  and that kicks off near the real track 's finish line  . 011-49/2691 -3020 , nuerburgring.de , adults $ 26 . -- Mike Iveson Terminator Salvation , Valencia , California Debuting along with the latest Terminator movie in May , the new ride at Six Flags Magic Mountain weds the creaky terror of an old wooden coaster with high-tech effects . Expect five gut-scrambling plunges and speeds of up to 55 mph . 661/255 -4100 , sixflags.com , adults $ 60 . -- DL Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	In Jamaica , thrill seekers tear through tropical forest in a bobsled on rails Visitors to Busch Gardens in Tampa can play tug-of-war with Bengal tigers At Piiholo Ranch on Maui take a ride on Hawaii 's longest zip line
CNN  -- The wait is almost over . After months of hype , a reported $ 35 million in marketing costs and one high-profile judge switcheroo , Simon Cowell 's "  X Factor " will finally premiere on Wednesday . But will it be one talent contest too many ? And can the show possibly be as big a hit in the U.S. as it is back in the UK ? I 've been eagerly anticipating the U.S. launch of "  The X Factor " for a long time now and have been frequently posting updates on my site Remote Patrolled . As a reality TV producer , originally from the UK but now living here in the United States , I 'm very familiar with "  The X Factor " format and its influence on British culture . For the past eight years , "  The X Factor " has been the No. 1 entertainment show in British television , launching the career of several British pop stars and one international singing sensation , Leona Lewis . So can lightning strike twice ? In case you 're not too familiar with "  The X Factor " back story , here 's a quick refresher . Over in England in 2001 , the ITV1 network unleashed a new talent contest called "  Pop Idol . " The show became an instant smash , due in large part to its toughest judge , Simon Cowell , and an addictive elimination format . In 2002 , "  Pop Idol " relocated to the U.S. as "  American Idol . " That show became an even bigger hit , launching stars like Kelly Clarkson , Jennifer Hudson and Carrie Underwood and making Cowell one of the richest people in show business . Now here 's where it gets really interesting . "  American " Idol was overseen by Spice Girls guru Simon Fuller , leaving Cowell as a mere  highly paid  gun-for-hire with no stake in the show -- or the success of its artists . As vocal as Cowell has been about being competitive , it is not surprising that he wanted to run his own show and reap the subsequent rewards . So back in England , "  Pop Idol " was canceled after two seasons and replaced by the Cowell-produced "  X Factor , " resulting in some bad blood between the two Simons and a high-profile lawsuit  eventually settled  . The format of "  The X Factor " is similar to "  Idol , " but there are several key differences . On "  The X Factor , " each of the four judges ` mentor ' a category of contestant : Males younger than 30 ; females younger than 30 ; groups ; and 30s and older . The show therefore becomes a contest between the judges as much as the contestants , often resulting in plenty of judges ' bickering  "  X Factor " judges Sharon Osbourne and Dannii Minogue were reportedly barely on speaking terms by the end of their run on the show  . At the same time , the diversity of the contestants also makes the show rather different from "  Idol , " which these days only seems to crown white male guitar players . One other key difference is that "  The X Factor " is BIG ! Auditions take place in front of a live audience , rather than a tiny audition room . And as the show progresses , it 's the job of the judges to produce each of the contestants ' performances as though they were staging an awards show style performance . So "  X Factor " finalists get dancers , elaborate sets and complex lighting arrangements in contrast to the "  static stand-and-sing " style of "  American Idol . " Those are the differences . But can "  The X Factor " succeed in the fiercely competitive U.S. marketplace ? Back in England , the show faced little competition in the music competition genre . The BBC had "  Fame Academy "  for which I produced all the live performance shows  and ITV1 had "  Popstars "  a version of which also ran for two seasons here in the U.S.  , but both shows had effectively run out of steam by the time "  The X Factor " launched . By contrast , the U.S. version of "  The X Factor " is entering a crowded market dominated by a decade of the very successful " American Idol . " Then there 's NBC upstart "  The Voice , " which came out of nowhere in the spring to achieve strong ratings , especially among the highly coveted 18-49 demo . And at the same time as "  The X Factor , " NBC will also be rolling out a new season of another singing competition , "  The Sing Off . " And those are just the success stories . Over the last few years countless music competition series have come and go . Remember "  Rock Star , " "  The One , " "  R U The Girl , " "  Clash of the Choirs " and MTV 's "  Top Pop Group ? " Exactly ! Even this year we 've seen the heavily hyped "  Glee Project " struggle on Oxygen , while Bravo 's "  Platinum Hit " was an outright flop . Can "  X Factor " buck the trend and become a bona fide phenomenon ? In large part , the success of "  The X Factor " will depend on whether it can discover a true international superstar . Even Simon Cowell has admitted this will be the benchmark of the show 's success . Unfortunately this will also be the show 's toughest challenge . It 's been a long time since "  Idol " discovered a true star . Not since Season 7 's David Cook has an "  Idol " artist sold a million albums  though Season 8 runner-up Adam Lambert has done reasonably well  , and Season 10 winner Scotty McCreery seems unlikely to buck the trend . And while "  The Voice 's " Javier Colon has received plenty of critical kudos , "  The Voice " finale was actually one of the lower-rated episodes of the season . It could be argued that the public appetite for music competition pop stars has already been sated . Another challenge for "  The X Factor " is that "  The Voice " has effectively stolen one of the key gimmicks of the Simon Cowell series -- the idea of judges as ` mentors ' who work with their contestants and are in a competition with one another . Even more damaging is that "  The Voice 's " starry line up -- Christina Aguilera , Blake Shelton , Adam Levine and Cee Lo Green -- is a heck of a lot more contemporary , successful and A-list then "  X Factor " judges Paula Abdul , Nicole Scherzinger and L.A. Reid . But "  The X Factor " has one undeniable ace in its hand -- Cowell himself . After a pitiful season of "  Idol " in which Steven Tyler , Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson could barely utter a word of criticism to any of the contestants , it will be refreshing to once again hear Simon 's sharp-tongued but truthful feedback . On this year 's "  Idol , " everyone was ` amazing ' , resulting in a tedious series that eliminated strong contenders such as Pia Toscano far too early and neutered others such as Casey Abrams who needed some harsh truth telling to raise their game . Personally I think "  The X Factor " will be a huge hit for Fox , enabling the network to dominate the fall season in much the same way it does the second half of the TV season . With all the hype and hoopla surrounding Cowell 's new show , audience awareness is higher than for any other show this season . The only remaining question is just how big will "  The X Factor " be ? Can it possibly beat the 20 million plus audience "  Idol " still routinely clocks up ? Or will it have to settle for the more modest 12 million to 14 million "  The Voice " pulled in ? Knowing Simon Cowell , nothing less than No. 1 will be good enough . But for now it 's up for us the audience to decide .	Simon Cowell 's "  X Factor " will finally premiere on Wednesday The format of "  The X Factor " is similar to "  American Idol " The show becomes a contest between the judges as much as the contestants Cowell himself is likely to be the show 's biggest draw
Watch your step as you climb these stairs , whether spiraling up mountains , narrow passageways or sky-scraping attractions . All is right with the world when you 're gazing down from the rooftop of Milan 's Duomo . That is , until you remember the steep marble stairs that got you there -- and are your only way down . Stairways can leave just as much of an impact on your memory as the places they lead you . Some are so eye-catching they look like they belong in an M.C. Escher painting , while other stairs are downright intimidating , especially when they stand between you and a site you flew halfway across the world to experience . In Peru , for instance , travelers need to tackle about 600 feet of slippery granite rocks carved into the mountainside to reach the Moon Temple at Machu Picchu . And at Yosemite National Park , you ca n't take a selfie at the top of Half Dome without climbing a cable ladder up the rock face for more than 400 feet . All it takes is a misstep for any old staircase to become treacherous  just ask Jennifer Lawrence  , yet some standout for being especially scary . A set of stairs in Hawaii is so precariously perched that climbing is now illegal . In China , there 's a stairway with an age requirement . Other stairs are intimidating for more psychological reasons , such as the creaking noises made by the world 's longest wooden stairway in Norway or the eerie atmosphere at "  The Stairway to Hell , " part of an abandoned industrial complex in Japan . Travelers with nerves of steel -- and eager for bragging rights -- follow these stairs because of what they find at the end , whether a sacred Hindu temple or the top of a spectacular waterfall . There 's nothing quite like the thrill of accomplishment that comes once you 've taken that last step . Safely , that is . Angkor Wat Temple Stairs , Cambodia In this super-humid hotbox of Buddhist history , there 's no shame in bowing down on your hands and knees or pulling yourself up with the provided ropes to scale the nearly 70 percent inclined stairs of Angkor Wat 's uppermost temples . Guides claim the steps were made to be so steep to remind people that heaven was hard to reach -- though you might make the same argument about Earth as you try not to tumble on the way down . The Verrückt , Kansas City , Kansas It takes guts just to reach the starting point of the world 's tallest and fastest water slide , opened July 2014 . To get to the top , you 've got to climb the 264 steps that snake up the slide 's tower in 25 turns . When you 've summited at 168 feet -- that 's one foot taller than Niagara Falls -- pat yourself on the back and take a selfie . Then brace yourself for the water slide 's initial 50-foot linear drop , which can reach 65 mph . The only alternative is to turn around and suffer the 17-story walk back down those nauseating steps . Pailon del Diablo Waterfall , Ecuador At first it 's lovely to notice that the staircase adjacent to these waterfalls was designed to blend in with the tropical landscape . But consider the name -- in English , the Devil 's Cauldron -- and the evil tricks the steep steps can play . They are made of smooth , oversize pebbles that provide little traction , and when you 're looking down , they blend together , creating an optical illusion of a stone slide . They 're also slippery from the constant mist from the falls and even though there 's a metal railing to save you from any spills -- but do n't count on that too much -- it too is drenched with water droplets . Half Dome , Cable Route , California What 's between you and the most iconic peak in Yosemite Valley ? A seven-mile  one-way  all-incline hike through the wilderness that culminates with climbing up the rock face along a cable ladder for more than 400 vertical feet . If you 're up for the challenge , snag one of the 300 hard-to-get daily permits available for Half Dome between Memorial Day and mid-October .  Check your footwear and the forecast ; rainy conditions have proven fatal .  From the summit , you 'll take in panoramic views of Yosemite Valley and the High Sierra . Travel + Leisure : World 's coolest playgrounds Inca Stairs , Peru At Machu Picchu , 600 feet or so of steep , slippery , cloud-covered granite rocks the Inca carved more than 500 years ago into the side of Huayna Picchu  the peak in everyone 's photos  lead to the rarely visited Moon Temple -- and a spectacular view of the ruins . The park limits the climb to the first 400 visitors each morning and has added some metallic chains in the worst parts , so hold on because on one side is a sheer , damp wall and on the other , a straight drop into the Urubamba river . Statue of Liberty , New York City If you want to gaze out from Lady Liberty 's crown , check your claustrophobia at her feet . The platform 's only access is via a cramped , 146-step double-helix spiral staircase with just six feet of head clearance -- and it 's teeming with tourists . Real troopers , however , will make the entire tight 377-step hike up all the way from the lobby , the equivalent of climbing a 20-story building . These physical challenges all come after you 've managed another feat : snagging one of the hard to get passes that allow entry into the crown . They have to be booked at least three months in advance , are name and date specific and are limited to four per order . Florli Stairs , Norway Norway 's Flørli Power Station is the starting point for the best hikes around the town of Lysefjord -- and its stairs will make you gasp for two reasons . First , there are 4,444 steps that ascend a staggering 2,427 feet from the bottom . Second , it is the longest staircase in the world made entirely out of wood , meaning you should be paying close attention to each mysterious creak and crack you hear . Mount Huashan Heavenly Stairs , China There 's no official count of steps on this cardiac stress test carved into a sacred Taoist mountain . Perhaps because anyone attempting to conquer this vertiginous washboard wall has lost count , distracted by the dizzying drop and its threat of death . Eventually , the steep "  heavenly stairs " stop , and this becomes the most hellish horizontal walk in the world -- a three-plank-wide walkway with only a chain to hold onto , flush against the wall of flat rock . When that 's done , there 's another set of meandering , mountainside stairs . If you get to the top of Mount Huashan , you 'll discover that "  heaven " is a remote tea house with a terrific view . Travel + Leisure : World 's scariest bridges Janssen Observatory , Mont Blanc , France The steps are short and sweet . They 're not cramped , they come with railings , and they do n't get too crowded . What can make these stairs squeamish is their placement at the summit of the tallest mountain in the Alps , when they 're open to the elements -- gale-force winds and chilly temperatures . Batu Caves , Malaysia One of the most important Hindu holy sites outside of India is this series of cave shrines nestled into the side of a mountain about eight miles from Kuala Lumpur . The highlight : accomplishing the ascent of 272 steps that lead 330 feet up the rock to the main Temple Cave . It 's not just the stone stairs that test your temerity ; it 's the sneaky macaque monkeys . They are n't afraid of people and are liable to steal stuff right out of your bag . So while it 's a good idea to climb without any food , it also ca n't hurt to say a prayer before going up . You may do so at the temple of Hanuman -- the "  noble monkey " -- to the far left of the entrance , near Ramayana Cave . Sagrada Familia , Barcelona Gaudí envisioned a forest canopy when designing the rooftop of this Roman Catholic church , but climbing the spiral staircase to its towers feels more like crawling up a Slinky . Not only does it coil high along the tightly enclosed walls , but there 's also no banister to prevent you from barreling over the middling edge while you 're walking up and down with hordes of other people . Haiku Stairs , Oahu , Hawaii Can stairs be so seriously scary that they 've been banned ? Answer : Yes . The 3,922 rickety steps that lead a half mile up Oahu 's Koolau Mountain Range pose such a risk , it 's actually illegal to climb them . There 's even a guard placed at the bottom to stop you from going up . Nicknamed the Highway to Heaven , they were built in 1942 by the U.S. Navy as a means to installing communications wires . After World War II , they became popular with daredevil hikers . But by 1987 , they had closed to the public for safety concerns , and they stay that way , despite a 2003 renovation project . Duomo di Milano , Milan No visit to Milan is complete without having marveled at the view of Italy 's northern city from the roof of this famed cathedral stacked with about 2,000 statues . But in order to check it off your bucket list , you 're required to wiggle up and down a steep , slender staircase in a shaft way clogged with tourists . Tip : Head to La Rinascente , a department store across the street with a rooftop café that serves up perfect views of the cathedral and skyline -- no stairs necessary . See all of the world 's scariest stairs	Moon Temple at Machu Picchu can be reached by 600-foot slippery granite steps The journey to Yosemite 's Half Dome requires a long cable ladder A misstep on any of these staircases can be lethal
CNN  -- Scientists say a very rare find of some 20 fossilized pterodactyls has produced the first clear evidence of a controversial theory of evolution . This image shows the fossilized skeleton of Darwinopterus which was found in north-east China earlier this year . The fossils were found in northeast China earlier this year , embedded in rock dating back 160 million years , and have been called "  Darwinopterus " after the renowned naturalist Charles Darwin . The creature 's discovery has astounded scientists because their age puts them within two recognized groups of pterodactyls -- primitive long-tailed forms and advanced short-tail forms -- and they display characteristics of both . The combination of features indicates that the primitive pterodactyls evolved relatively quickly , and that certain groups of features changed at the same time . Traditional evolutionary theory suggests that one feature -- a tail for instance -- would slowly evolve over time . "  Darwinopterus came as quite a shock to us , " said David Unwin , from the University of Leicester 's School of Museum Studies , which identified the creature , along with researchers from the Geological Institute of Beijing . "  We had always expected a gap-filler with typically intermediate features such as a moderately elongate tail -- neither long nor short -- but the strange thing about Darwinopterus is that it has a head and neck just like that of advanced pterosaurs , while the rest of the skeleton , including a very long tail , is identical to that of primitive forms , " he said . By comparing the fossil with others from earlier and later periods , scientists have been able to sketch a rough timeline of the pterodactyl 's progression . "  The head and neck evolved first , followed later by the body , tail , wings and legs , " Unwin said . The researchers say more study is needed to substantiate the idea of that evolution could occur relatively quickly , and that whole parts of a plant or animal 's body could change at once . The fossils indicate Darwinopterus was about the size of a crow , with long jaws , sharp , pointed teeth and a flexible neck . It had "  hawk-like " qualities , scientists say , which allowed the creature to kill and eat smaller , feathered dinosaurs which would later evolve into birds . Pterodactyls were prevalent during the Mesozoic Era between 220 and 65 million years ago . The research has been published in the "  Proceedings of the Royal Society B : Biological Sciences . "	Researchers say rare fossil find provides evidence of one theory of evolution 20 fossilized pterodactyls found in China in rock dating back 160 million years Fossils show creatures had characteristics of two types of known pterodactyls Scientists say fossils show groups of features changed relatively rapidly
London  CNN  -- A journalist at Rupert Murdoch 's British tabloid newspaper The Sun was arrested Monday on suspicion of culling information from stolen cell phones . Police announced the arrest without naming the suspect , while a source close to the newspaper 's publisher , News International , confirmed it was Nick Parker . The source asked not to be named discussing internal company business . Read more : Timeline of UK phone hacking scandal The arrest is the latest in a long-running police investigation prompted by illegal eavesdropping at the defunct Murdoch tabloid The News of the World , which has expanded into probes of computer hacking , bribery and corruption . Parker was arrested earlier as part of the corruption investigation , the source close to News International said . He has not been charged . The first charges for phone hacking itself came last week , as prosecutors charged a former aide to British Prime Minister David Cameron and a close confidant of media baron Rupert Murdoch , along with six others . Cameron 's former director of communications , Andy Coulson , and Rebekah Brooks , the former chief executive of Murdoch 's News International , were charged Tuesday . The announced names of the suspected hacking victims include some of the world 's biggest celebrities , including Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt , Paul McCartney , soccer star Wayne Rooney and actor Jude Law . Read more : Full CPS statement The phone-hacking accusations have reverberated through the top levels of British politics and journalism , led to the closing of a major tabloid and prompted a parliamentary committee to issue damning criticism of Murdoch . The charging announcement delivers one more public relations blow to Murdoch , who stepped down from a string of company boards of directors earlier this month and further distanced himself from the print business that first brought him fame and fortune . Coulson and Brooks are former editors of The News of the World , which was shut down last year in the face of public outrage at the hacking scandal . Parent company News Corp. 's multibillion-dollar bid to take over British Sky Broadcasting collapsed as the scandal spread . Brooks , who was charged with conspiracy to intercept voice mails of murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler , vigorously denied the charges , saying she was "  distressed and angry . " Coulson said he "  would n't and , more importantly , that I did n't , do anything to damage the Milly Dowler investigation . " The scandal exploded with the revelation that the phone of Dowler , a 13-year-old British girl , was hacked after she disappeared in 2002 . She was later found murdered . Indications that her voice mail had been accessed had given her parents the false hope she was still alive . Prosecutors allege there were more than 600 victims of phone hacking between 2000 and 2006 . Read more : Familiar abuse of power as press fights regulation Blog : Murdoch 's UK legal woes coming to the U.S. ? CNN 's Dan Rivers , Jonathan Wald and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Nick Parker of the Sun is suspected of gathering data from stolen cell phones The arrest comes after the first phone-hacking charges were filed last week David Cameron ex-aide and Murdoch confidant Rebekah Brooks deny the charges Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt and Paul McCartney are among alleged celebrity victims
CNN  Strange though it might seem , there are people who love inflight meals . Stranger still , there are people who love inflight meals so much they want to eat them at home . That 's the premise behind a new venture that 's begun making deliveries of airline-style dinners to addresses in Germany . "  Some of our customers called us and said we love to eat fresh food , but we do n't want to have convenience food , " says Max Thinius of online produce retailer Allyouneed.com . To answer their call , in August the company teamed with LSG Sky Chefs , the catering arm of German airline Lufthansa to launch Air Food One . Still in an eight-week trial period that Thinius describes as its "  pre-pre-pilot stage , " the service currently makes once-weekly deliveries in Germany 's Dusseldorf and Cologne regions of meals inspired by Lufthansa 's business class menus . Menus include steak filets , chicken in pepper sauce and fried cod and retail at about $ 13 . There are also vegetarian options . Thinius says the meals appeal to working parents with kids to feed and to busy business travelers who perhaps do n't want to go cold turkey after several days of tucking into delicious airplane food . Menu testing Air Food One 's meals are better than the inflight equivalent , he insists , because they 're delivered fresh for customers to heat up themselves instead of being precooked and packed into the metal crates used by commercial aviation caterers . There 's also the advantage of being able to eat them with real metal cutlery and -- depending on the customer 's domestic setup -- without being repeatedly jostled by the person in the next seat . "  They 're astonishingly OK , " says Thinius . "  I did n't think one could do such stuff that you heat and eat it , but it works . "  It 's not as good as if you cook yourself -- unless you ca n't cook properly -- but it 's OK . " The pilot service appears to be going well so far , he adds , but it 's still too early to tell if it 'll be rolled out further afield . "  If it will be successful we will of course expand , if it 's not , we wo n't . There 's a lot of things we have to test , not just if the meals are liked by the customers , but also the logistics . " So for the time being , the rest of us will have to suffer the inconvenience of long-haul travel if we 're hungry for inflight flavors . Or we could just settle for a sandwich . Would you eat airline food at home ? Let us know in the comments below .	"  Air Food One " makes weekly deliveries of airline meals to addresses in Germany Meals inspired by Lufthansa business class menus can be heated at home The meals are "  astonishingly OK , " says company spokesman Max Thinius
New York  CNN  -- Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , who once sat next to the terror leader and bellicosely threatened the United States , softly answered a judge 's questions Friday . Prosecutors say Sulaiman Abu Ghaith conspired to kill Americans as part of bin Laden 's al Qaeda terror network , according to a federal indictment unveiled Thursday . Through his attorney , the Kuwaiti pleaded not guilty to the charges in a federal courtroom in New York on Friday , nearly a week after his arrest . Read the indictment A member of bin Laden 's inner circle , Abu Ghaith had spent most of his time since the September 11 terrorist attacks in Iran , according to the federal indictment . Before joining al Qaeda in 2001 , he taught high school and preached in his native Kuwait before he was banned from his mosque for using his sermons to attack the government , according to the U.S. government . He also fought in Afghanistan and Bosnia-Herzegovina . He spent the months before the September 11 attacks recruiting candidates for training in his father-in-law 's terror training camps in Afghanistan , according to the indictment . After the attacks that destroyed the twin World Trade Center towers in New York and heavily damaged the Pentagon in Washington , Abu Ghaith served as al Qaeda 's official spokesman . In a video made the day after the 9/11 attacks , Abu Ghaith sat next to bin Laden and al Qaeda No. 2 Ayman al-Zawahiri -- an AK-47 behind him resting on a rock wall -- urging Muslims to fight "  the Jews , the Christians and America . " He later warned that "  the storms shall not stop , especially , the airplane storms , " and warned Muslims and foes of the United States not to board aircraft or live in high-rise buildings , according to the indictment . U.S. authorities have charged that Abu Ghaith supported a major attack on America and urged people at a Kandahar , Afghanistan , guest house to swear an oath of allegiance to bin Laden . While Attorney General Eric Holder said the arrest sends a message to terror suspects that "  there is no corner of the world where you can escape from justice , " some analysts said Abu Ghaith is small potatoes in the world of international terrorism . "  This is overblown , " CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said . "  Though he was Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , Abu Ghaith is far from a big fish in al Qaeda . " U.S. officials arrested him on February 28 in Jordan , according to a spokesman for U.S. Rep. Peter King , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . Prosecutors have not said where he was arrested . According to a report in the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet , Turkish officials detained Abu Ghaith on a tip from the CIA after he had slipped into the country from Iran . After deciding he had not committed a crime in Turkey , Turkish officials decided to send him to Kuwait via Jordan . While Abu Ghaith was in Jordan , U.S. officials captured him , the newspaper said . The U.S. government has not confirmed the report . Abu Ghaith -- wearing dark prison-issued clothing , his once dark beard sprinkled with gray -- said little during Friday 's hearing . He spoke softly through an interpreter , answering "  yes " to several questions from the judge . According to prosecutors , Abu Ghaith gave investigators a 22-page statement after his arrest , but they did n't reveal any of what the terror suspect allegedly said . Evidence in the case has been sealed , and prosecutors said they were reviewing classified evidence to see if it would be used in Abu Ghaith 's trial . No trial date has yet been set . The decision to handle Abu Ghaith 's case in civilian court has irked some Republicans , who say the Obama administration is setting a bad precedent and missing an opportunity to get valuable intelligence from someone who had been so close to bin Laden , who died in a 2011 U.S. Navy SEAL raid in Pakistan . ` Nightmare ' at home for SEAL who shot bin Laden "  We should treat enemy combatants like the enemy , " said Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee . "  The U.S. court system is not the appropriate venue . " The new story of the death of Osama bin Laden Susan Candiotti reported from New York , Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Ross Levitt , Barbara Starr , Josh Levs , Joe Sterling , Mike Mount , Phil Gast and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Sulaiman Abu Ghaith gave investigators a 22-page statement , prosecutors say NEW : They say evidence in the case has been sealed Abu Ghaith is accused of conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals After 9/11 attacks , he warned that "  the storms shall not stop , especially , the airplane storms "
CNN  -- Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard is expected to secure a major currency conversion deal with her nation 's number one trading partner as she begins a six-day visit to China Friday . The deal has ramifications beyond Beijing-Canberra ties as a step towards full convertibility of the yuan on international markets , denting the primacy of the U.S. dollar as the world 's reserve currency of choice . Currently , Chinese and Australian companies must use the U.S. dollar as an intermediary for trade . The Australian leader also faces the task of assuring China that her nation 's growing defense agreements with the U.S. pose no threat to Beijing . "  I do n't view us as being in a position where the strong and growing relationship we have with China is somehow in contest , or in contrast , to the relationship we have with the United States of America , " Gillard said Thursday at a Foreign Correspondents lunch in Sydney , ahead of her departure . Leading what she called the "  most senior Australian political delegation " ever to visit China , Prime Minister Gillard will also be amongst the first western leaders to meet China 's new President Xi Jinping . The Australian delegation includes the Foreign Minister , Bob Carr , Trade Minister Craig Emerson and Financial Services Minister Bill Shorten . "  The timing of this visit so soon after the new leadership has entered office is deliberate and reflects the importance of our rapidly evolving relationship with China and our high-level political oversight of that relationship , " Prime Minister Gillard said . The visit is primarily aimed at furthering the Australian governments ambition for greater engagement with Asia -- and China in particular -- as outlined in a major policy paper released in October . "  Australia in the Asia Century " acknowledged Australia 's economic prosperity was tied Asia and it detailed a set of objectives to be achieved in order for Australia to boost its wealth by taking advantage of the rise of a massive Asian middle class . Australia 's dependence on China as it marches toward global economic dominance has been clear for many years now . In 2011-12 , China was again Australia 's largest two-way trading partner for goods and services , with trade topping $ 128 billion . China accounts for 14.7 % of the total trade of goods and services and takes one quarter of Australian exports , much of it in raw materials . Significant Australian exports of coal and liquid gas are used to power Chinese industry , but Australian suppliers are facing increasing pressure from U.S. and Russian rivals . "  It 's a competitive world and you 're right , the amount of competition in the energy sector is getting stronger and stronger and more and more acute , " she said . "  I am very confident that we can be very good at what we do . I think we 're very good now and we are always going to have to look for the innovations that make us an even better quality supplier , " she added . Under the currency deal that Prime Minister Gillard is expected to announce whilst in Shanghai , the Australian dollar would become directly convertible to Chinese yuan , overcoming the need to first convert to U.S. dollars . This would remove expensive exchange rate issues , cutting the cost to Australians of doing business in China , though the Prime Minister remained coy when asked to confirm the deal . "  You are going to have to wait until I 'm in Shanghai , " she told the Foreign Correspondents luncheon . With the Chinese economy expected to grow at about 8 % this year , the currency deal would be an important and much needed political bonus for the struggling Gillard government in an election year . She did however warn that the Australian dollar was expected to remain high due to Chinese demand and the perception that Australia is a safe currency haven . "  Australian dollar to U.S. dollar exchanges are now estimated to be the fifth highest traded currencies in the world , " she said . Gillard will also take the stage at the Bo'ao Forum for Asia on Hainan Island where the world 's business leaders and economic thinkers will gather to hear from China 's senior policy makers . Later , in Beijing , she will meet with President Xi Jinping , to discuss what she termed Australia 's position as an "  energy superpower , " as well as regional defense and security issues . Australia 's decision to permit U.S. marines to be stationed on its soil as part of Washington 's refocus on the Asia Pacific has upset Beijing . Ahead of the 16th annual Australia-China Defence Strategic Dialogue later this year and a Chinese navy ship visit for the International Fleet Review , the Australian government is also working on agreements to allow U.S. naval and aircraft access to Australia . But Prime Minister Gillard there is no competition between the United States and China for Australia 's attention and allegiance . "  We will continue to do what we 've done for some period of time - to attend to our friendship and alliance with the United States while growing our friendship with China , " she added . Tension resulting from North Korea 's threat to launch missile attacks against U.S. allies in its neighborhood and even against the U.S. mainland also is expected to be raised . Foreign Minister Bob Carr told ABC television that Australia will seek information from the Chinese leadership . "  We will raise with China our concerns that if the provocative and bellicose behavior of North Korea continues , then it will simply result in rising tensions in north-east Asia and put Japan and South Korea in a position where they will pay more attention to their security , " he said . "  China has a keen interest in seeing that the provocative behavior by North Korea comes to an end . " Regardless of pressing international geo-politics , domestic issues are never far away . Although meeting President Xi is expected to bolster Prime Minister Gillard 's image at home where she has been criticized for being uncomfortable on the world stage and disinterested in international affairs , her political opposition have taken aim . READ MORE : Party keeps faith with Gillard but will Australia 's voters ? Whilst welcoming the prospect of a currency conversion deal , the opposition has reiterated concern over the government 's threatened crackdown on skilled worker visas , which Prime Minister Gillard claims is being abused . She said the visa category was delivering jobs that could go to Australians , to foreign workers , leaving supporters and critics alike condemning her for buying into a divisive and long running race debate . On the eve of her departure for China , the opposition coalition leader , Tony Abbott said that the Prime Minister is "  very interested in the Asia century when she 's traveling to Asia , but when it comes to skilled migration , a totally different story . "	Australian PM Julia Gillard begins six-day visit to China Friday Gillard expected to secure major currency conversion deal with China Currently , Chinese and Australian companies must use U.S. dollar as intermediary for trade Deal would be step towards full convertibility of Chinese yuan on international markets
CNN  -- Jurors did not reach a verdict in their first day of deliberations Monday in the trial of Steven Hayes , the man accused of killing three members of a Connecticut family in a 2007 home invasion . They are expected to resume their work Tuesday morning . Hayes , 47 , who has pleaded not guilty , is on trial in New Haven , Connecticut , for the murders of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her two daughters . The killings took place in the New Haven suburb of Cheshire early July 23 , 2007 . The home of William Petit , his wife , Hawke-Petit , and two daughters was invaded in the middle of the night by Hayes and co-defendant Joshua Komisarjevsky , prosecutors say . Komisarjevsky will be tried separately . Judge Jon Blue gave instructions Monday morning and told the jury : "  You are the sole judges of the facts . " "  We 're in the home stretch , " the judge said after going over all 17 counts with the jury . "  No one will hurry you to produce a verdict . " Their first duty will be to pick a foreman , and their verdict must be unanimous , the judge reminded the jurors . Soon after starting their deliberations , the jurors asked for a transcript of an interview by a state police detective , who spoke to Hayes soon after his arrest . The judge offered to have the testimony read back -- which the jurors declined . Later in the day , they sent a note to the judge asking for a definition of what constitutes starting a fire.Their deliberations Monday ran just over 2 hours . Before the jury got the case , prosecutor Michael Dearington laid out an elaborate timeline of events , fully implicating Hayes and Komisarjevsky in the gruesome killings . "  We 've reached the point where very shortly this case will be in your hands , " he told jurors . "  I doubt you could have comprehended how horrendous this evidence would be . " During the trial , Jeremiah Krob , a Connecticut prison officer , testified he overheard Hayes confess to another inmate that he killed Hawke-Petit . Hayes also reportedly wondered out loud whether Petit might have been in cahoots with his co-defendant , Komisarjevsky , because Petit had escaped . Hayes said that he had tied the father in the basement of the home and that he doubted he could have gotten loose without help from Komisarjevsky , Krob testified . Outside the courthouse , Petit told reporters : "  I really ca n't dignify that insinuation with a response . I think the evidence put on by the prosecution speaks for itself . " Connecticut State Police Detective Anthony Buglione , who interviewed Hayes after the crime , has testified the duo beat Petit bloody and left him in the basement . According to the testimony , the two men then went upstairs and found Hawke-Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit asleep in the master bedroom . After tying Hawke-Petit to her bed , they led the girl to her room , tied her to her bed and put a pillowcase over her head , Hayes told Buglione . They then found 17-year-old Hayley Petit in her room and did the same , he said . After finding a bank account that contained $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 , they decided to have the mother go to the bank in the morning and withdraw money from her account , Buglione testified . Hayes is accused of taking Hawke-Petit to the bank while Komisarjevsky allegedly stayed behind . When Hayes and Hawke-Petit returned with the money , the two men allegedly set the home on fire and fled . Inside the home , authorities said , Hawke-Petit , 48 , was found raped and strangled . Her two daughters , one of whom had been sexually assaulted , had died of smoke inhalation . Petit , the sole survivor , escaped to a neighbor 's home . Hayes is charged with capital murder , kidnapping , sexual assault , burglary and arson . He could face the death penalty if convicted . Public defender Thomas Ullmann conceded in the defense 's opening statement that Hayes killed Hawke-Petit . But otherwise , he said , much of what happened is unclear . "  No one was supposed to be hurt , " he said . "  What is known is that Steven Hayes kills and assaults Mrs. Petit . ... We concede much , but not all . " In Friday 's closing arguments , Ullmann placed much of the blame on Hayes ' alleged accomplice , Komisarjevsky , whom he called the mastermind of the home invasion . "  Just because the state has brought 17 charges does n't mean he 's guilty of all of them , " Ullmann said of Hayes , though he conceded he could n't explain why his client did n't leave the scene once things began to escalate . But , he said , "  Even in flight , Joshua Komisarjevsky was in control . " Dearington dismissed those statements in his rebuttal , saying Hayes "  was part of that whole plan to destroy this family , to take their money and to burn that house down . " In a police interview , Hayes said that his life "  sucked " and that he had "  no money , no car , and not enough to eat . " "  Why did n't he leave ? He did n't leave because of his desire for money , " Dearington said . He ended his closing statement Friday by asking for guilty verdicts on all 17 counts . "  Justice demands it , " Dearington said . CNN 's Michael Christian contributed to this report .	The jury ended its first day of deliberations without delivering a verdict Hayes is on trial for the murder of a mother and two daughters He has pleaded not guilty Suspects allegedly made the mother withdraw money , then set her family 's house on fire
A man dressed as Santa Claus and giving away gifts to needy children in Washington was shot by a pellet gun Tuesday in the midst of his rounds , according to police . "  Somebody just shot me ! My back ! Someone shot me with a pellet gun , " the man , later identified as Xavier Hawkins , said in video recorded by CNN affiliate WJLA , before he knelt in obvious pain . Paramedics took the man to a hospital for treatment but the wound was n't serious and he was later released . Santa was right about what happened , D.C. Metropolitan Police Department spokeswoman Gwendolyn Crump said , adding that the preliminary investigation suggests the assailant did use a pellet gun in the attack . WJLA reported Santa wanted to continue with the toy giveaway , as many boys and girls still had n't received their gifts , but paramedics insisted he go to the hospital . Standing nearby , the Grinch  or someone dressed like him , anyway  , continued the giveaway while Santa was taken away . "  I just thank God that I 'm alive , " Hawkins told WJLA after his release from the hospital . "  I 'm very grateful no one else got hit , especially the kids . " Police were investigating the incident Tuesday afternoon and did n't say whether any suspects had been identified . WJLA also reported Hawkins is planning to participate in the toy giveaway again next year and said he has already forgiven the attacker .	"  Santa , " identified as Xavier Hawkins , was not seriously hurt He was giving away gifts to needy children when he was shot He was hit with what appeared to be a shot from a pellet gun Someone dressed as the Grinch continued the toy giveaway
CNN  -- Gaming in 2012 is going to be a very wild ride , with the introduction of two new consoles , a return to the "  Halo " universe and the potential for even more entertainment choices . The PlayStation Vita and the Nintendo Wii U are both expected to hit the shelves , with the Vita hitting North American and European shores in February after a Japanese launch in mid-December . The PS Vita is a handheld console and successor to the PlayStation Portable  PSP  that promises beefier graphics , interactive touchscreens on the front and back , and dual analog sticks much like the PlayStation 3 controllers . Sony is banking on familiar characters in games like "  Uncharted : Golden Abyss " and "  Little Big Planet " to help draw in customers , while also looking to create unique and immersive games to appeal to the hardcore gamer . More than 320,000 units have been sold in Japan since the Vita 's December 16 release there , putting it on nearly even footing with early sales for Nintendo 's 3-D handheld gaming device , the 3DS . But the Vita 's numbers dropped dramatically in the second week to just over 70,000 and analysts are watching to see whether the device has staying power in the U.S. and Europe . The verdict on whether consumers want 3-D gaming still appears to be out . Nintendo announced Tuesday that its 3DS has sold 4 million units in the U.S. -- a solid but not spectacular number for a hugely hyped product . New consoles Later in 2012 , Nintendo will be releasing their next-generation console called Wii U . It is the first Nintendo console to feature souped-up 1080p high-definition graphics and will have a touchscreen embedded in the controller to allow for gaming when the TV is off or interaction between two screens . A prototype was shown last year during the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  , and Nintendo president Satoru Iwata said the final version will be revealed at E3 this June in Los Angeles . Critics are concerned about the potential cost , but Nintendo says it 's confident the Wii U will open up a new style of gameplay for the home gamer in the same way that the Wii expanded the customer base for gaming consoles in general . There has also been speculation that a PlayStation 4 from Sony or new Xbox console from Microsoft could be released in 2012 . In an interview with CNN Geek Out , Xplay host Morgan Webb said many developers are working on new franchises for a new generation of consoles . "  We 're nearly at the end of a console cycle , so series that have begun at the beginning of the console cycle , they 're starting to finish up the series , " Webb said . "  People have made the investment in the franchise and they 've got the art together and they do n't want to create something completely new when new consoles are starting to be on the horizon . " Some developers have spoken openly about learning about technology for a new Sony console . And while there have been hints about a new Xbox console for a couple of years , Microsoft has been mum about any new hardware , focusing their efforts on the motion-based Kinect controller . Blockbuster games Of course , all these new hardware devices wo n't mean a thing unless gamers have great games to play . There is a powerhouse line-up of major franchises and popular characters set to debut in 2012 . "  Halo 4 " is sure to be the next blockbuster installment in an iconic franchise that has helped defined a generation of gaming . Master Chief returns to face an ancient evil that  of course  threatens the entire universe . Speaking of saving the universe , "  Mass Effect 3 " brings back Commander Shepard to resume his battles against the machine race of Reapers . The story is expected to flow directly from the ending of "  Mass Effect 2 " and will also offer a female version of Commander Shepard for the first time . Some old friends will be returning in "  Diablo III " and "  Twisted Metal . " More than 10 years after "  Diablo II , " players will get to battle the forces of evil with new destructible environments and classes to play . "  Twisted Metal " returns from a 17-year hiatus for more combat on wheels action and over-the-top explosions . "  Bioshock : Infinite " has been wowing audiences since its announcement in 2010 and has already won numerous awards even before its official release next year . Taking the action from underwater to the skies , creator Ken Levine is hoping fans will embrace the new direction and explore the new setting . "  Final Fantasy XIII-2 " returns players to Cocoon in search of Lightning , the hero from "  Final Fantasy XIII . " The game was released in mid-December in Japan to perfect scores , selling more than 524,000 copies for the PlayStation 3 version alone . Square Enix , developer of the game , is expecting a great launch for the rest of the world in 2012 . Other titles , like "  Resident Evil Revelations , " "  Max Payne 3 , " "  Borderlands 2 " and "  Grand Theft Auto V " will also be must-play games in the upcoming year . Casual and mobile gaming But as is becoming increasingly clear , gaming is not just for consoles , and consoles are not just for gaming . Smartphones and tablets are continuing their march into the gaming genre with more choices from Atari , Zynga , Electronic Arts and other well-known gaming developers on the way . As mobile devices become more powerful , social and casual gaming is expected to define a new and growing base of folks as "  gamers . " Some research shows that demographic is morphing into nearly an even split between males and females , as well as getting older and more affluent . Likewise , consoles are broadening their entertainment scope beyond just gaming , into live sporting events , movies and music . Hulu , Netflix and ESPN have already made inroads that other providers are sure to be exploring in the coming year . Look for that trend to continue as content producers look to capture audiences wherever they are . While 2011 was a big year in gaming , 2012 is projected to be even bigger . Communications market researcher TMNG expects the global gaming business to reach $ 40 billion in revenues by the end of 2012 , with high growth in the mobile game sector . There are likely to be twists and unexpected developments along the way for the gaming industry in 2012 . And , in the end , the gaming consumer will be the one who decides which technology or title goes on to glory and which goes in the discount bin .	Vita will hit North American , European shores in February after a Japanese launch Later in 2012 , Nintendo will be releasing their next generation console called Wii U "  Final Fantasy XIII-2 " returns players to Cocoon in search of Lightning
CNN  -- The time was always going to come when society would need to face the pointy end of the voluntary euthanasia debate : Those hard cases that would challenge most people 's support for the issue , the cases and circumstances which constitute never-before trodden ground . While in most Western countries polls repeatedly show strong community support for a terminally ill person 's right to obtain medical assistance to die , the results would likely be quite different if the person involved was not an adult , was not of sound mind or was not , in the strictest sense , terminally ill . As Belgium decides whether to extend the right to euthanasia to those who have Alzheimer 's and to children , the sharp end of the debate is staring us all in the face , regardless of where we live . The euthanasia argument is about to escalate to heights unknown : We will all be challenged about how to have a good debate , a rational debate as members of the human race , and in being challenged , we must guard against the moral panic that this issue will inevitably throw up . The issues on the table are too important for hysterical indignation and fundamental religious dogma . We are all grown-ups . The debate we are set to have -- some two decades after the world 's first right to die law was passed in Australia 's Northern Territory -- should be grown-up too , even if some of the stakeholders we are about to discuss are not . Historically , children and people with Alzheimer 's are two segments of the community that have been viewed as having little or no agency , something that is referred to as ` capacity ' in legal terms . Generally speaking , neither group has been held to be competent to make decisions that would be in their best interests . Yet this is what the Belgians are now planning . The opposite view : Euthanasia - we can live without it ... For many in the ageing population , there are few fears which top that of getting dementia . Anyone who has watched a loved family member sink into the abyss of confusion and disorientation will know the utter terror that can accompany the process , as the person in question tries to juxtapose moments of clarity with the awfulness of knowing one 's grip on reality -- and with it one 's dignity and sense of self -- is slipping . In New Zealand earlier this year , the Labor Member of Parliament Maryan Street paved the way with her private members bill which , if passed , would allow New Zealanders to include an assisted suicide in their Living Will . For those who may find themselves with Alzheimer 's in future , this inclusion would be a valuable pre-planning tool : "  If I do get dementia , at least the children will know what I want . I can now rest assured that my wishes not to live "  like that " will be respected . " Within the membership of Exit International , this is a common sentiment . So too is the wish not to waste government money keeping the demented elderly alive in the nation 's care homes if that is not how , when they could communicate , they said they wanted to spend their last days . On the topic of children , the debate is a little easier . Some children do develop terminal illnesses and do die well before their time . It is not impossible for such young people to have a well-developed sense of their own mortality . While the Belgians will likely structure legislative developments in this area with stringent safeguards , it is the practice of forcing terminally-ill children to battle on in spite of an appalling prognosis , trying to make it to 18 , that is driving the agenda . For both groups , the Belgians are bravely tackling difficulties emerging in their existing legislation , current laws that are quite obviously inadequate , even cruel , in certain circumstances . Unless modern medicine has a cure for Alzheimer 's and any number of the terminal illnesses that confront children , the current situation is that they will keep suffering . If suffering can not be relieved , the question then becomes : what should the State do ? Should we all be forced to live on regardless of the quality of life that confronts us ? Or , should legislation be extended to ensure dignity and choice for all ? At Exit International our motto is "  a peaceful death is everybody 's right . " Somehow the tagline "  a peaceful death is everybody 's right unless you are a child or a teenager or have dementia , in which case tough luck ! " does n't have the same appeal or the same logic . The Belgians are to be applauded for their progressive thinking and acting -- in the cold light of day , the morality of their intentions is not that challenging when the alternatives are considered . As a son to my aged mother and as a grandfather to my son 's three boys , I welcome the type of society that the Belgians are proposing . Of course , I hope no one I love will ever need to use such laws . But I draw great comfort from knowing they are there all the same . The opposite view : Euthanasia - we can live without it ... Interactive : Euthanasia and the right to die around the world The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Philip Nitschke .	Belgian MPs may allow terminally ill children and those with dementia access to euthanasia Pro-euthanasia advocate Dr. Philip Nitschke says debate must avoid moral panic , dogma Nitschke : If a patient 's suffering can not be relieved , what should the State do ? "  I hope no one I love will ever need to use such laws , but draw comfort from them "
The fatal shooting of a 13-month-old boy in his stroller marked the second time mother Sherry West lost a son to violence , she said Saturday . Her 18-year-old son was stabbed to death in 2008 in New Jersey , she told CNN . "  This is the second child that people have taken from me in a tragic way , " West said . "  I 'm so afraid to have any more babies now . I tried to raise really good kids in a wicked world . " The day after two teenage boys were arrested and charged in the fatal shooting of her baby , West said she was planning to leave Brunswick and return to New Jersey . The boy 's father has also been emotionally distraught , West said . Asked about the person who shot her son , Antonio , West stated : "  I hate you and I do n't forgive you . "  You killed an innocent human life , " she said . "  I hope you die for it . " A private memorial service was held Friday morning for young Antonio Santiago , who was cremated , according to West . She said the family is working with the Catholic relief organization Society of St. Vincent de Paul to help with unforeseen expenses . West put Antonio in a stroller Thursday because it was good exercise for her heart , said West , who added she was disabled from a past car accident . "  I just took a walk with my baby , " West said . "  I ca n't believe that this would happen , and I left early in the morning . I thought you know that there would be less people on the road and I would n't be in anybody 's way walking down that road . "  Apparently , either he targeted me or I was just unfortunate , " she said of her encounter with the gunman . West said the incident occurred at 9 a.m. Thursday as she was walking home from the post office . She said she saw two boys , and one asked for money . When she told them she did n't have any , one of the boys shot her in the leg and then her son in the face . Police Chief Tobe Green identified the older suspect as De'Marquise Elkins , 17 , and said he will be treated as an adult in criminal proceedings . The 14-year-old was not identified because of his age . Both have been charged with first-degree murder , police said , though no arraignment date has been set . As of Saturday , authorities still had not found the murder weapon , police spokesman Todd Rhodes said . But they were able to track down the two suspects aided by a description from West and others , as well as a check of school attendance records to determine who was not in class Thursday . Officers then searched for the two teens and took them into custody , police said . 911 calls reveal witnesses ' horror Earlier Saturday , police in the coastal city released to CNN three recordings of 911 calls about Thursday 's shooting . "  A baby has been shot ! " one woman said in a 911 call . The exchange with the emergency operator was emotionally charged . "  Listen to me , ma'am ! Is the baby breathing ? " the operator replied . "  I do n't know , " the woman said . The woman began to cry . In the background is public wailing on the corner of London and Ellis Streets , in a stately cluster of Victorian-style houses with wrap-around porches . Baby shot dead in stroller ; 2 Georgia teens charged "  Listen to me ! " the operator said to the weeping woman . "  We have people en route . Did you hear shots in the area ? " Yes , she heard shots , she said . "  Be calm , " the operator said . "  How many shots did you hear ? " "  I heard like three shots . And the baby has been shot in the head , " the woman said . The woman was so distraught that she passed her cell phone to a man walking his dog . "  No , the baby is not breathing , " the man told the operator . "  The baby was shot in the head ? " the operator continued . "  Yes , right between the eyes , " the man said , who added he earlier heard a "  small caliber clap . " As he spoke , police sirens arrived on the scene , and the man broke off the phone call .	Victim is cremated and remembered in a private service , his mother says The 13-month-old was shot dead in Brunswick , Georgia ; 2 teen suspects are in custody 911 tapes reveal horror of neighbors who saw the aftermath of the shooting The mother 's 18-year-old son was stabbed to death in New Jersey in 2008
CNN  When she was an undergraduate at Princeton University , books like "  The Hot Zone " and "  Virus Hunters " captivated Rebecca Levine , inspiring her to become a disease detective . Fifteen years later , Lt. Rebecca Levine , a newly minted officer with the U.S. Public Health Service , stepped off a plane in West Africa to fight Ebola , ready to implement the key strategy she 'd been taught : contact tracing . The process that 's helped stop diseases like SARS and smallpox seems simple : Find everyone who had close contact with infected individuals and track them for 21 days . If any of these contacts comes down with the disease , isolate them from the community and repeat the process by tracking the contacts ' contacts . But tracing works only if you have a list of the contacts and their addresses . When Levine arrived at a Ministry of Health office in Sierra Leone , she found that the database she needed was "  pretty much in shambles . " Many contacts ' addresses were missing or were vague like "  down by the farm road . " In all , only 20 % to 30 % of the contacts in the database had a usable address . That meant the local contact tracers were n't able to do their jobs properly . "  They were really unfamiliar with what contact tracing was , " she said . "  And they did n't have the resources they needed . " According to the United Nations , only 16 of 44 zones in West Africa have sufficient contact tracing . This inability to do complete contact tracing is a major reason -- perhaps the major reason -- that the Ebola outbreak continues to spiral out of control , according to public health officials and experts . "  There 's a lot of infection out there . Contact tracing breaks down . Then you have a real problem . " Dr. Bruce Aylward , assistant director-general of the World Health Organization , said August 28 . Top WHO officials have said there are n't enough contact tracers to get the job done , and the organization forecasts an "  exponential increase " in the number of Ebola cases in the coming weeks . Donald Thea is n't surprised that the system is breaking down in many areas . An infectious disease epidemiologist at the Boston University School of Public Health , he 's worked in Africa for more than 25 years . Like Levine , he often found that people had no address -- or had one that even locals could n't decipher . Residents moved a lot , and when they did , many times they took their doors and locks with them to save money . They would n't change the number on the door , so the streets ended up with a mishmash of addresses . Add that to the fact that people are often uncooperative with the tracers , sometimes even throwing stones at health care workers . They fear that they or their loved ones will be put in the hospital ; they 've seen firsthand that people who go there often do n't return . "  The community perceives this as a death sentence , " he said . "  Relinquishing your loved one is tantamount to death . " And health care workers have very little to offer people as an incentive to cooperate . "  With smallpox , we could offer people a vaccine , a carrot in essence to induce them to be cooperative . With Ebola , we have nothing , " Thea said . In Sierra Leone , Levine , an officer with the Epidemic Intelligence Service at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , remembers the words of her agency 's director , Dr. Tom Frieden . Battling Ebola is like fighting a forest fire : Miss even just one contact , and you could be leaving behind a burning ember that will reignite the outbreak . When Levine arrived in Sierra Leone on August 17 , she brought software on a thumb drive to manage cases and contacts . The software was designed by the CDC and was far more effective at organizing thousands of names than the unwieldy Excel spreadsheet that the local health care workers had been using . With the help of other organizations , she also got the workers more computers and training in how to do contact tracing . Now , hundreds of contact tracers are assigned to go out into the neighborhoods in her district every day . She says the death and illness all around her spur her on . "  Each one of these heartbreaking stories just makes me want to cry , " she said . "  It 's more reason to try harder and think of more creative solutions . "	Disease detective finds contact tracing system for Ebola outbreak "  in shambles " Many contacts ' addresses were missing or vague Only 20 % to 30 % of contacts in database were being properly followed
Paris  CNN  -- Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was called in for questioning Tuesday as part of a corruption investigation in connection with an inquiry into alleged abuse of power . Financial prosecutor Eliane Houlette confirmed that Sarkozy was called in around 8 a.m. local time by police in Nanterre . Investigators have been looking into Sarkozy 's campaign financing , CNN 's French affiliate BFMTV reported . They are trying to establish whether the former President , who led the country from 2007 to 2012 , obtained confidential information on legal cases concerning him from top magistrates in exchange for the offer of a prestigious post , the channel said . Under French law , Sarkozy can be held for questioning for a day , which can be extended once by another 24 hours . The situation is unprecedented for a former president , BFMTV reported . His lawyer , Thierry Herzog , and two high-ranking magistrates were called in for questioning in the Paris area Monday , according to BFMTV . Their police custody was extended by another 24 hours Tuesday . Sarkozy left office in May 2012 after he lost in the presidential election to Socialist rival Francois Hollande . In recent months , speculation has grown that he might be positioning himself for a political comeback at the head of his center-right party , the UMP . CNN 's Jim Bittermann reported from Paris and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is called in for questioning , prosecutor says Investigators have been looking into Sarkozy 's campaign financing They want to establish if he obtained secret information about cases concerning him
CNN  -- Minnesota Vikings cornerback Chris Cook was arrested and charged with domestic assault Friday night , the Hennepin County , Minnesota , sheriff 's office said . According to the sheriff 's office , Cook was charged with two counts of domestic assault and was being held without bail . Details of the alleged incident leading to the arrest were not immediately available . The Vikings released a brief statement but offered no details . "  The Minnesota Vikings are aware of the incident involving Chris Cook . We take this matter very seriously and are still gathering all the details of the incident , " the statement said . Cook was booked at the Hennepin County Jail at 4 a.m. , and his arrest likely means he will not play on Sunday against the Green Bay Packers , CNN affiliate WCCO reported .	Vikings cornerback Chris Cook was arrested Friday night He faces two charges of domestic assault Details of the alleged incident were not immediately known
CNN  -- Pacific Gas & Electric Co. will pay San Bruno , California , $ 70 million in restitution for the pipeline rupture that killed eight people and destroyed dozens of homes in September 2010 , the utility and city said Monday . "  This money will be used for the benefit of all the citizens of our city and to help us , as a community , get beyond the tragedy and devastation caused by PG&E 's explosion and fire , " San Bruno Mayor Jim Ruane said in a joint news release . Federal officials said in August that a faulty pipe , flawed operations and inadequate government oversight led to the natural gas explosion in the San Francisco suburb . "  The community of San Bruno has suffered through a terrible tragedy and we understand that this accident will affect this community forever , " PG&E President Chris Johns said . The city will establish a separate not-for-profit public purpose entity to manage the funds and determine how the restitution should be spent for the benefit of the community as a whole , the statement said . "  This $ 70 million payment is in addition to PG&E 's commitment to fund replacement and repair of the city 's infrastructure and other costs related to the accident and restoration of the neighborhood , " it said . "  The utility will not seek to recover the contribution through insurance or customer rates . " During a public board meeting after delivering their final report on the matter , National Transportation Safety Board investigators sharply criticized pipeline owner PG&E for the explosion , saying the pipe was inadequate from the time it was installed in 1956 . That was compounded "  by a litany of failures " over the years , including poor record-keeping , inadequate inspection programs and "  an integrity management program without integrity , " NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman said . "  It was not a question of if this pipeline would burst , " she said . "  It was a question of when . " Hersman said the probe yielded "  troubling revelations about a company that exploited weaknesses in a lax system of oversight , and government agencies that placed a blind trust in operators to the detriment of public safety . "	Money from PG&E will benefit all citizens , San Bruno 's mayor says "  This accident will affect this community forever , " says PG&E president Federal investigators say a faulty pipe and inadequate oversight led to the blast
Washington  CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama does n't approve : "  Do n't you hate when trailers give away the whole movie ? " she says , sitting on the couch with two staffers while chomping on a carrot . "  Ca n't we just watch ` Frozen ' again ? " Instead she watched parts of a horror flick on the degradation of American 's health as junk-food eating and soda-drinking teens turn into sick zombies after gorging themselves with sugary foods and drinks . Yes , it 's a joke . It 's a new video on the comedy website Funny or Die . The first lady 's brief appearance in "  Snackpocalpyse , " a spoof thriller with actors ChloÃ "  Grace Moretz and Tyler Posey in a post-apocalyptic modern-day high school where junk food kills the students , falls in line with her focus on healthy eating and her Let 's Move ! campaign . But do n't worry . As in most Hollywood films , things work out in the end . Heroine Moretz attempts to save the world with her healthy eating . We are n't sure , however , if Obama gets to watch Frozen . President Barack Obama was the first Obama to appear on the comedy website in an episode of "  Between Two Ferns " during the rollout of the health care law . It was credited as introducing a host of young people to the health care law . Obesity rates drop for 2 - to 5-year-olds	Michelle Obama appears in a new Funny or Die video Her appearance is in line with her healthy eating initiatives and Let 's Move ! campaign ChloÃ "  Grace Moretz and Tyler Posey also appear in the video
Havana , Cuba  CNN  The rattle of ice in a stainless steel shaker heralds the first mojito of the day . It comes courtesy of the award-winning cocktail waitress at Waoo ! , a private restaurant run by 41-year-old Cuban entrepreneur Alain Rodriguez . "  The recipe for success is maintaining the real taste of Cuba , whether that 's in the food and drink or our taste for life , " he told me . Businesses like Rodriguez 's are among the most visible examples of economic reforms -- that are fueling small , private enterprise -- already launched by President Raul Castro . Rodriguez , a former sommelier at Havana 's famed El Nacional Hotel , says he set up his own business just over two years ago in a house owned by his cousin and financed with his own savings and some investment from relatives in the United States . Now small businesses like his could get substantial new cash injections thanks to measures announced by President Barack Obama , which came into effect Friday . Among the changes , it will be easier for Americans -- and their spending money -- to come to Cuba . Cuban authorities and tourism industry experts estimate that could open the door to 1 million U.S. visitors a year , added to the expected 3 million international tourists from other parts of the world . Equally significant , the Obama administration has approved a four-fold increase in remittances from Cuban-Americans to their families in Cuba and no upper limit on remittances destined to fund small business . Unveiling the changes to U.S. trade and travel policy on December 17 , Obama said : "  We 're calling on Cuba to unleash the potential of 11 million Cubans by ending unnecessary resistance to their political , social and economic activities . " Predictably the decision drew fire from some U.S. Republicans who thought the easing of restrictions would put more money into the hands of the Cuban government , the United States ' longstanding Cold War foe . But perhaps Obama 's decision over time could prove to be a backdoor to generating change on the island . U.S. economist Milton Friedman , a former adviser to President Ronald Reagan , once said : "  Economic freedom is an indispensable means to the achievement of political freedom . " Now , with Obama 's changes , some ordinary Cubans could gain higher incomes because they work in the growing tourist sector , could set up private businesses , or could receive higher-value remittances from families in the United States . Others may be left behind , unable to make ends meet on meager state-sector wages , currently running around $ 20 a month . As economic divisions are exacerbated , so is the chance of growing political divisions that could ultimately chip away at Cuba 's socialist system . Restaurant owner Rodriguez , however , does n't seem concerned . "  If salaries start to rise and more remittances come in , then great . In Cuba we do n't pay much attention to who is a first - , second - or third-class citizen . But if that starts to happen we 'll have to see how we deal with it , " he said . Rodriguez is already considering the possibility of new outlets and has patented his Waoo ! trade name with a view to possible franchise options . But he is convinced liberalization must be gradual and orderly . He does not favor a free-for-all . He says all his 20 staff are affiliated to the Cuban labor federation , CTC , and march in the May Day parade to Havana 's Revolution Square . Rodriguez is a firm believer that Cuban government reforms coupled with a bigger influx of U.S. dollars will not undermine Cuban socialism . Across Havana , at a very different type of private business , nail salon owner Indira Yero has a very different viewpoint . At 29 she has never worked for the state . She charges around $ 5 as she works quickly but precisely smoothing then painting claw-like acrylic nails . She seems to have a well-established clientele who drop by a side room in her ground floor apartment in Old Havana . Yero expresses very little patience for Cuba 's socialist system and perhaps surprisingly is not afraid to speak her mind . "  I am one of the capitalist generation . I 've never worked for the state and I believe that the capitalist generation is better than the other , " she said . Until fairly recently , such talk would have run her the risk of being branded a counter-revolutionary by her neighbors . Yero is unabashed when she suggests her generation has little time for talk of the Cuban Revolution . "  All that business of Fidel and the Revolution is a very pretty story but it 's got nothing to do with now , " she said . "  Now its different . Young people want to go to good places , a disco , an all-expenses paid hotel and with a state salary you just ca n't do that . " Above her workstation , Yero has scratched a sign into the fluorescent light fitting . "  No money . No nail do . " A warning that Cuba 's once-cherished dream of forging an egalitarian society may be dimming .	Cuban entrepreneurs hope U.S.-Cuba policy changes mean more chance to make money They are confident and say they 're ready for the challenges
CNN  -- "  Uno de enero , dos de febrero , tres de marzo , cuatro de abril , cinco de mayo , seis de junio , siete de julio , ¡ SAN FERMÍN ! " Like schoolchildren on a field trip , my friends and I excitedly sang this song on a bus from León to Pamplona in 2005 . All I knew about the festival of San Fermín was that it involved people running with bulls , and that it took place every year from July 7 to July 14 . Here are some tips : Dance , dance , dance . Pamplona turns into one big 24-hour-a-day party for the festival of San Fermín . Everyone 's dressed in white clothes with red bandanas , and everyone is there to have a good time . There is live music everywhere , so it 's a great opportunity to groove to the most popular Spanish hits . I remember dancing to Melendi 's "  Caminando por la Vida " around 3 a.m. at one of the outdoor concerts . Do n't expect to sleep  much  . If you 're making last-minute plans to go to Pamplona , do n't be surprised if you ca n't find a bed . My friends and I did n't even try . It seems like everyone sleeps outside in public places , or does n't sleep at all . In fact , Pamplona is the only place where I 've ever slept in a public park . I brought a foldable sleeping bag in my backpack -- handy , since northern Spanish nights can get cold -- but most people just lay on the grass , huddled together to stay warm . If you go this route , hang on tightly to your belongings . I used my purse as a pillow , but at least one person from my group had his backpack swiped while he was asleep . Running is risky . Every year , there are serious injuries or even deaths among people who try to run with the bulls . In 2010 , I spoke with cancer survivor Michael Lenahan , who got gored in the leg by a bull ; his brother got hurt in the left buttock . In fact , between 200 and 300 people are injured annually , according to the Council of Pamplona . Proceed with extreme caution if you are planning on getting near the toros . There are so many people trying to watch and run that you might not know a bull is near you until its horn scrapes your arm . Check out the bullfighting ring . There are so many people stretching their necks to see over the fences that line the streets of Pamplona -- not to mention sitting on the fences , too -- that it 's actually hard to see people and bulls running . "  No vamos a ver nada "  We 're not going to see anything  , my friend Marek lamented . We decided to go instead to the Plaza de Toros . With everyone pushing and shoving each other to get tickets to this event , it seemed almost as dangerous as chasing bulls in the streets . But we finally got our passes and made our way inside the enormous arena , which is the ending point of the bull run . There , we watched hundreds of people run around the bulls , including one member of our group who emerged proudly with a large cut or two . Do n't wander off . One of the girls in my group did n't show up at the agreed-upon time that morning . A half an hour went by , and she still had n't shown up . We all started worrying , and had no idea how we would ever find her in a sea of thousands of people , since she did n't have a cell phone . Finally , she appeared two hours later -- she apparently made some new friends the night before and lost track of time . Do n't do this to your traveling companions ! Check out San Sebastián afterward . If you 're looking for a place to chill out after a crazy night in Pamplona , head about 51 miles northwest to San Sebastián , a beautiful small city on the Bay of Biscay where you can lie on the beach , admire medieval architecture and actually sit down for a yummy Basque meal . Those are my top tips for visiting Pamplona . How about you ? Share your tips for San Fermín with us below , and if you have photos and videos , upload them here .	At the festival of San Fermín , there 's dancing everywhere Keep your belongings close to you , and do n't wander off Check out San Sebastián for a relaxing day trip afterward
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- On Tuesday , an American Airlines flight carrying 154 passengers slid off a runway while landing in torrential rain in Jamaica , stopping just short of the Caribbean Sea . The impact severely damaged the aircraft -- which broke into three separate pieces -- and caused the Boeing 737 's engines to shear off the wings . Thankfully , there were no fatalities ; 91 people were taken to hospitals where they were evaluated and most were released . On Wednesday , a Ryanair flight skidded off the runway in Scotland , coming to a stop 30 yards from a busy road . Amazingly , there were no injuries . These incidents bring to mind a series of high-profile commercial aviation accidents that occurred earlier this year . In January , the world watched in awe of the U.S. Airways "  Miracle on the Hudson . " In February , the nation mourned the fatal crash of a Continental Airlines flight over Buffalo and took note of a Turkish Airlines crash in Amsterdam where nine were killed and dozens more injured . With these incidents capturing headlines , some passengers are asking , "  Is commercial aviation safe ? " The answer is an unequivocal yes for two reasons . First , accidents are infrequent . According to the International Air Transport Association , there is one accident for every 1.2 million flights . Second , most aviation accidents are survivable . The National Transportation and Safety Board reports more than 80 percent of all commercial airline accidents are survivable . In fact , you are 15 times more likely to be involved in a fatal automobile accident than a fatal commercial airline accident . The reason : Most commercial aviation accidents occur on take-off or landing -- when aircraft are closer to the ground flying at relatively low speeds . Because the aircraft in these survivable accidents are still close to the airport , pilots often have more maneuverability to land the aircraft safely . In contrast , non-survivable aviation accidents occur when a catastrophic event takes place in the course of a flight , such as a serious mechanical failure , major structural failure or mid-air collision . The key to surviving a commercial aviation crash is remaining conscious during "  the golden time " -- the critical 90 seconds immediately following impact . In a survivable crash , fatalities occur not only from the impact of the aircraft hitting the ground , but more frequently from smoke inhalation and fire when passengers can not escape the aircraft quickly . Passengers can take certain steps to protect themselves in the event of a crash . The first step is to keep your seatbelt buckled at all times -- even when the flight is not experiencing turbulence . The precious seconds it takes to secure a seatbelt when an impact is pending may be too late . The second common step to protect yourself in the unlikely event of a commercial airline crash is to familiarize yourself with the safety features of the aircraft . While frequent fliers may ignore the pre-flight safety briefing , understanding how to properly operate safety restraints , locating the nearest emergency exit and following the flight crew 's instructions in an emergency is critical . Decisions that are made in the seconds following impact can mean the difference between life and death . Another important factor in improving your chances of surviving a commercial airline accident is properly adopting the "  brace position " when instructed by crew . The brace position stops your body from flying forward and striking the seat or interior in front of you which could result in a serious head or neck trauma . Those injuries could render you unable to escape the aircraft during the critical 90 seconds . The seats in commercial airliners are engineered to optimize safety . The distance between seat rows and the pitch of seatbacks are all designed to keep passengers secure during an impact . Aircraft manufacturers , airlines and the Federal Aviation Administration are constantly identifying new ways to make commercial air travel safer . To that end , a new FAA regulation took effect in October requiring the airframe and seat structure of all newly manufactured commercial airliners flying in the United States to safely absorb a crash of up to 16Gs  16 times the force of gravity  . This is an update to the current 9G standard that has been in effect since the 1950s . Airlines are taking a number of measures to comply with this new regulation including adjusting the distance between seat rows and altering the pitch of seatbacks . One of the ways airlines are complying with the improved seating safety regulation is by installing a technology AmSafe developed to make survivable accidents even safer : the industry 's first seatbelt airbag . It is exactly what it sounds like -- an airbag located in the lap belt of an aviation restraint . In a survivable impact , the airbag inflates in less than 90 milliseconds , moving away from the passenger to fill the space in front of them , protecting their head and torso . Aviation seatbelt airbags are designed to protect against head injuries ; if passengers remain conscious they have a greater chance of safely evacuating the aircraft . While some people question the safety of commercial aviation , the safety statistics still hold . Flying in a commercial airliner is safer than driving to the grocery store in your automobile . But the industry must not stand still . Through passenger education , improved safety standards and the application of new technologies , everyone involved in commercial aviation must remain dedicated to improving safety any way they can . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bill Hagan .	Air crashes are extremely rare , says Bill Hagan , and 80 percent are survivable He says passengers can take several steps to increase their chances of surviving He says new rules require that airframes and seats be made to withstand stronger forces
The doubters have spoken . A group of independent experts -- who prodded authorities to release satellite data on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 -- says it thinks it knows the approximate location of the missing aircraft . Five separate computer models all place the plane in a tight cluster of spots in the south Indian Ocean -- hundreds of miles southwest of the previous search site . "  We recommend that the search for MH370 be focused in this area , " the group said in a statement late Tuesday . "  While there remain a number of uncertainties and some disagreements as to the interpretation of aspects of the data , our best estimates of a location of the aircraft  is  near 36.02 South 88.57 East , " according to the statement , which was approved by 10 named experts . The group opted to release its statement late Tuesday in advance of a BBC documentary on the missing plane , and ahead of the Australian government 's announcement on the focus of the search , so that there would be no question about the independence of the group 's findings , said one member of the group , American Mobile Satellite Corp. co-founder Mike Exner . "  We wanted to get our best estimate out , " Exner said . The group believes that after the Boeing 777 circumnavigated Indonesia , for reasons that are still unknown , the plane traveled south at an average speed of 470 knots , probably at a consistent altitude and constant heading , Exner said . All five computer models developed by the experts place the aircraft in a "  pretty tight cluster ... plus or minus 50 miles of each other , " he said . The plane and its 239 occupants vanished March 8 while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . In a blog post , group member Tim Farrar called the recommended search site "  our best estimate -- but not the only possible -- location for a potential search . " Meanwhile , a team of government experts and Inmarsat employees is re-evaluating the data before pinpointing where to resume the search . On Wednesday the agency overseeing the search said the analysis was "  nearly complete " and it expects to announce the new search site by the end of June . Australian government authorities only recently acknowledged that acoustic pings heard two months ago are now believed to be unrelated to the aircraft 's data recorders , or "  black boxes . " The ad hoc group of independent specialists came together through web sites of two experts , Duncan Steel of Wellington , New Zealand , and Tim Farrar of Menlo Park , California . Several members of the group initially cast doubts on Inmarsat 's conclusions that the plane had flown south , saying the publicly available information from Malaysia and Inmarsat was insufficient to draw that conclusion . The plane could have flown north , landing or crashing along an arc extending from Thailand to Eastern Europe . But shortly after Malaysia released raw satellite data on May 27 , several of the loose confederation of scientists agreed it provided sufficient data to show the plane had flown south . The "  breakthrough piece of information , " Exner said , was that the satellite terminal on the aircraft had been programmed to use a simplified assumption about the location of the satellite . The terminal assumed that the satellite was geostationary -- fixed over a spot on the equator -- when , in fact , it drifted to the north and south . Over the past few weeks , the group continued to exchange information through emails and through postings on the web sites . The group worked five or six hours Tuesday exchanging some 120 emails in drafting the statement on the possible location of MH370 . Exner said he believes authorities were narrowing in on the correct search site , but were thrown off course when searchers detected acoustic pings northwest of Australia . "  It 's my personal opinion that the official search team weighed too heavily " on the acoustic pings , he said . Exner said the informal group of experts has volunteered to work with the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board and the Australian Transport Safety Bureau . But , while the government agencies have been polite , they have been reticent to release additional information that could further help the independent group , he said . Missing plane mystery : A hole in the clouds , an empty space on earth How long will the search continue ? Families seek $ 5 million for investigation , reward	Group : 5 computer models all place plane in tight cluster of spots in south Indian Ocean This new potential search area is hundreds of miles southwest of previous search site Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished March 8 while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing
CNN  -- Adam "  MCA " Yauch , a founding member of the pioneering rap band Beastie Boys , died Friday after a nearly three-year battle with cancer , the band 's publicist said . A torrent of Twitter messages from entertainers lauded Yauch , 47 , as a visionary musical artist , filmmaker and humanitarian . "  He stood for integrity as an artist . What a loss . He was a very good man , " said actor Ben Stiller . Yauch revealed in 2009 that he had a cancerous tumor in a salivary gland . As a result , the band canceled its scheduled concerts and delayed the release of an album . Watch Yauch announce he 'd been diagnosed with cancer "  I started feeling this little lump in my throat , like you would feel if you have swollen glands or something like that , like you 'd feel if you have a cold , so I did n't really think it was anything , " he said then in a video to fans . Yauch , a self-taught bassist and vocalist , underwent surgery to treat the tumor that year . The Chart : Salivary gland cancer rare with few known risk factors The Beastie Boys , who blended punk and rap , burst on the music scene in 1986 with the album "  Licensed to Ill , " which included hits such as "  You Got ta  Fight for the Right  to Party "  , an anthem to teen angst ; "  Brass Monkey " and "  No Sleep Till Brooklyn . " The group came together for the first time to play at Yauch 's 17th birthday party , its publicist said . Yauch was the oldest of the Beastie Boys , an only child who grew up in Brooklyn Heights , according to Current Biography magazine . The band , which also featured Michael "  Mike D " Diamond and Adam "  Adrock " Horovitz , sold more than 40 million records and had four No. 1 records . The Beastie Boys ' success in hip-hop was notable at a time when the music form was dominated by African-American performers . "  The group 's music crossed genres and color lines , and helped bring rap to a wider audience , " said Neil Portnow , president of the Recording Academy . Yauch was unable to attend the band 's induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame last month . Horovitz read Yauch 's acceptance letter . Marquee : Remembering The Beastie Boys ' greatest hits Under an alias , Yauch directed several Beastie Boys videos , including "  Intergalactic " and "  So What ` cha Want . " Yauch converted to Buddism in the 1990s after visiting Nepal and hearing the Dalai Lama speak in Arizona , he told the Buddhist magazine Shambhala sun in 1995 . "  It just seemed like Buddhism , especially Tibetan Buddhism -- because that 's mainly what I 've been exposed to -- was a real solid organization of teachings to point someone in the right direction , " the magazine quoted him as saying . "  Some real well thought out stuff . But I do n't know , like , every last detail about Buddhism . " Marquee : Celebs react to the loss of Yauch The conversion led him to have second thoughts about the bawdy party-boy image the band portrayed in the 1980s , he told the Boston Globe in 1998 . "  I did n't realize how much harm I was doing back then and I think a lot of rap artists probably do n't realize it now , " the newspaper quoted him as saying . "  I said a lot of stuff fooling around back then , and I saw it do a lot of harm . I had kids coming up to me and saying , ` Yo , I listen to your records while I 'm smoking dust , man . ' And I 'd say , ` Hey , man , we 're just kidding . I do n't smoke dust . ' People need to be more aware of how they 're affecting people . " As a Buddhist , Yauch became an advocate for Tibetan freedom . He founded the Milarepa Fund , which helped raise money for the effort , and organized charity concerts involving the Beastie Boys and other acts , including the first Tibetan Freedom Concert in 1996 . Several similar concerts followed . The Milarepa Fund also organized a 9/11 benefit concert for residents deemed least likely to get aid from other sources . Yauch also founded Oscilloscope Laboratories , which was active in independent video distribution . Its founder directed the basketball documentary "  Gunnin ' For That # 1 Spot , " released in 2008 . "  Adam was incredibly sweet and the most sensitive artist , who I loved dearly , " said music impresario Russell Simmons , co-founder of Def Jam , which released "  Licensed to Ill. " "  I was always inspired by his work , " Simmons said . "  He will be missed by all of us . " Yauch is survived by his wife , Dechen ; a daughter , Tenzin Losel ; and his parents , according to the band 's publicist . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Stars pay tribute to multifaceted entertainer Adam "  MCA " Yauch dies after three-year cancer battle The self-taught musician was a founding member of the pioneering Beastie Boys Yauch was diagnosed with cancer in 2009
CNN  -- Most of the shock that resounds after hearing that Robin Williams died Monday comes from its utter implausibility . How could Robin Williams , of all people , just stop breathing , moving and , most of all , talking ? It 's as though we 've been told the moon spun out of orbit or that water no longer boiled , or froze , at the proper temperature . If Robin Williams is dead , then light no longer refracts , atoms no longer bond and gravity has gone out of business . Yes . It 's that implausible . For many of us over the last 40 years or so , Robin Williams was an irresistible force of nature that nothing , not even the demons in his head or the sometimes regrettable consequences of their actions , could stop . If his motor ever ceased running , even for a second , his audiences rarely noticed it . They just stayed on the edge of their seats awaiting the next eruption , and were never disappointed by whatever inspired lunacy burst forth . Practically from the beginning , when we first saw him turn scripts from the 1978-82 ABC sitcom "  Mork and Mindy " into staging areas for unalloyed free-form verbal jazz , Williams seemed in supernaturally perfect command of all the voices in his head . Whether delivering stand-up comedy or an introduction at a testimonial dinner , Williams could make a casual digression into a stream-of-consciousness lick worthy of William Faulkner , James Joyce or any surrealist you can name . Where did he ever come up with THAT , we always wondered , whether it was a reference to an old movie we 'd thought we 'd forgotten or a side-swiping barb at a politician , or even something embarrassing about himself . Patients remember Williams as ` comedic Mother Teresa ' His own rueful experience with addiction drew from him one of the greatest quotes ever about drugs : "  Cocaine is God 's way of saying you make too much money . " Or the one about how alcohol abuse can get so out-of-control , "  you 'll do things that 'd make the Devil say , ` Dude ... ' " Someday soon , if it has n't already happened , there will be a collection of such aphorisms , which at times approached the trenchant pithiness of Mark Twain or Oscar Wilde . The problem with remembering all of them now is that they were all but lost in the ack-ack fire of Williams ' spontaneous inventions . Even when he stood still , you could almost feel the waves of energy struggling to break free . The way he contained those waves reminded us that his was a mind , paraphrasing Albert Camus , that always kept itself in check . And besides , good actors can always make silence and space work to their advantage . Imagine our surprise when it turned out that this most formidably intellectual of his generation 's comedians was also a very good -- and , at times , great actor . He channeled his high-octane inventiveness into creating indelible and endearing movie portrayals as the hip GI disc jockey in 1987 's "  Good Morning Vietnam , " for which he received the first of his three Oscar nominations for best actor . I thought he should have won for playing a grief-mad widower in 1992 's "  The Fisher King , " but Hollywood showed how much they loved him by giving him the best supporting actor Oscar in 1998 for playing an emotionally wounded psychiatrist in "  Good Will Hunting . " For whatever it 's worth , the Robin Williams movies I most enjoyed were the ones where he took chances and/or let fly . This would , for me , exclude his title role as "  Mrs. Doubtfire "  though I understand why so many cherish its memory  , but would include such wildly varied work as his supersonically spritzing genie in 1992 's "  Aladdin " ; his underrated star turn in the underrated 1980 musical "  Popeye " ; and , among his riskiest performances , the portrayal of the clammy , anxiety-ridden hustler Tommy Wilhelm in the 1986 TV movie version of Saul Bellow 's "  Seize the Day . " In all his roles , playing crazy or cute , good or evil , sagacious or sanctimonious , Robin Williams always showed you his considerable empathy , not just for the people he rendered , but for the audience ; the same audience he sought to conquer , if not overpower , with his free-range comedy routines where , as with his friend and mentor Richard Pryor , he was most vividly and resoundingly himself -- with all his foibles , grievances , fears and desires . We thought we 'd be able to call upon his compassion , his intelligence and his energy for as long as there was air and water . Is Robin Williams really dead ? What on Earth will the weather be like tomorrow without knowing he 's still around ? See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Gene Seymour : Robin Williams ' death seems so implausible . How could he , of all people , stop ? He says Williams was a force of nature who harnessed the voices in his head for comedy He says he was also a good -- sometimes great -- film actor . He empathized with his audience Seymour : What on Earth will it be like tomorrow without knowing he 's still around ?
President Barack Obama took more thinly-veiled shots at governors like New Jersey 's Chris Christie on Wednesday , saying the mandatory quarantine policies some states have imposed amount to "  hiding under the covers " from Ebola . After visiting a group of health care workers who 'd recently returned from the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa -- some still within the virus 's 21-day incubation period , but showing no symptoms -- Obama said policies like states requiring three-week quarantines of doctors and nurses who treated Ebola patients could harm U.S. efforts to stop its spread . He did n't mention Christie , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo or others by name , but said he 's "  putting those on notice who think that we should hide from these problems . " "  When I hear people talking about American leadership and then promoting policies that would avoid leadership and have us running the opposite direction and hiding under the covers , it makes me a little frustrated , " Obama said . Maine nurse wo n't submit to Ebola quarantine , lawyer says His remarks Wednesday echoed similar ones Tuesday . They come days after Christie and Cuomo , faced with the first potential Ebola cases in their states , said they were imposing mandatory quarantines for health workers who 'd treated infected patients upon their return to the United States . California Gov. Jerry Brown 's top health official announced a similar rule there on Wednesday , though the state has n't yet had an Ebola case . Ebola survivor : Chris Christie is ` playing politics ' The Army has also announced quarantines for soldiers returning from West Africa , with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel expected to soon announce whether that policy will apply to the full mulitary . Obama 's event Wednesday featured Kent Brantly , an American doctor who was infected with Ebola while working in West Africa and is now free of the virus . Introducing Obama , Brantly said more health care workers are badly needed there . Chris Christie on possible Ebola lawsuit : ` Whatever ' Obama said doctors and nurses volunteering to work in the region demonstrates "  American exceptionalism . " "  When they come home , they deserve to be treated properly , " he said . "  They deserve to be treated like the heroes that they are . "	President Barack Obama blasted governors who are mandating Ebola-related quarantines He said those policies amount to "  hiding under the covers " rather than leading Obama said he 's putting "  on notice " those governors , without citing them by name
CNN  -- The startling thing , in the long run , is not that the power went out and stayed out in so many parts of the United States during the week just ended . The startling thing is what we so casually take for granted : Flip a switch , and the lights in your home instantly blaze to life . Turn a knob , and clean water comes rushing into your sink or bathtub . Pick up a telephone , and you 're talking with someone halfway across the country or halfway around the world . News : Cold front expected to bring relief from heat , but also storms Right now , the most pressing matter is to get the electricity back on in the places that are still without it . People are in despair ; people have died . Fierce storms , along with near-record-high temperatures , combined during the final days of June and the first week of July to bring down multiple power systems and leave millions of people sweltering in the dark . But once all is up and running again , it might be good to pause and think about how fragile all of our assumptions are . For much of the time that the continental United States has been a part of the planet , few of the life-easing developments we nonchalantly take on faith seemed remotely possible . Electricity ? Running water ? Air conditioning ? They were the stuff of science-fiction novels . Ours was a land mass of forests and rivers and deserts and plains , a tangled and disconnected tableau that disappeared from view with the blackness of night . We -- not you and I , but our ancestors -- figured out how to change all that . By the time recent generations came along , everything seemed so endlessly convenient . The battle for civilization had been won . Which is why a week like the one just past is such a sobering reminder that we are always just an unanticipated disaster away from a trip into the primitive America that existed before . Doubt it ? Ask your fellow citizens who waited and waited for someone to turn their lights back on last week . News : Resilient West Virginians brave storms and their aftermath In the blast-oven heat that stifled much of the nation in recent days , the absence of air conditioning felt anguishing . But that situation was , for most of America 's history , so commonplace as to be unremarkable . Summers were for sweating , and for drawing the blinds , and for sleeping on porches . It was n't until the 1920s that movie theaters featured early versions of air conditioners , which proved to be an enormous draw for the public who yearned to escape their broiling homes . Department stores in the 1930s lured customers by offering them a chilled-air respite from the scorching hours they spent in their houses . News : Gadgets to help you survive a power outage According to the Carrier Corp. , the pioneering air-conditioning manufacturer , as late as 1960 few college buildings featured air conditioning , and virtually no elementary or high schools had it . Private residences ? For the most part , they were the last to convert . Window units were available , but by 1965 , according to Carrier , only one out of 10 U.S. homes had central air . But when our daily lives change for the better , human nature lulls us into all but forgetting what preceded . We do n't even question the marvelous advances that once seemed out of reach . One of the funniest -- yet most perceptive and provocative -- news-conference questions I 've ever been aware of was asked in the 1970s by Ron Powers , who was then the brilliant young television critic of the Chicago Sun-Times . If memory serves , the event was some sort of press gathering organized by CBS to discuss the network 's upcoming schedule . After the preliminary announcements , the floor was opened for questions . Many of the reporters in attendance asked about the stars of the new shows , and about ratings trends , and about programming decisions . News : Use caution if you drive in extreme heat Then Powers raised his hand , and asked : "  How do you make the pictures go through the air ? " As delightful as his telling of the story was back then , I thought of it again last week , in a much more serious context . How do the essential things in which we place our confidence really get done ? And are we right to think we can forever count on them ? The uneasiness and fear when the power went out last week extended beyond the nuts and bolts of engineering ; instead , it was almost primal . It was a reminder of the unthinkable , of scenarios as potentially nightmarish as a sneak attack by foreign enemies . It was an unwelcome premonition of things we do n't even want to consider : We flick the light switch , and nothing happens . We twist the knob on the faucet , and nothing emerges . We punch a number into the telephone , and hear only silence . We turn on our computers , and are greeted by blankness . And then , darkness falls . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Parts of U.S. lost power ; we should reflect on how we take comfort for granted He says not long ago , no one had electricity , running water ; people changed that , mostly He says we are always one unanticipated disaster away from a trip into primitive America
ATLANTA , Georgia -- Going back to work after my wife had our first child was an emotional roller coaster . The author says that being "  Mr. Mom " is appealing , but putting the idea into practice is harder than it looks . I forced myself out of bed , shaved my beard and got dressed on the morning of my return . I performed these work week rituals while cursing the fact that I matched only one number on my last lottery ticket , so I had to show up that day . After being out of the office for a little more than two weeks on paternity leave , I knew the transition back to work would be tough . I coped with this fact , like any rational new parent would , by increasing the number of lottery tickets that I purchased . Saying goodbye took a while . I made several trips up and down the stairs to get one more glimpse of my daughter before succumbing to the inevitable : my commute , fighting traffic and reintegrating to cubicle culture . I arrived at the office still thinking of my family at home without me . I found myself misty-eyed at the water cooler while I waited for Outlook to load several hundred unread e-mails . At that moment , I wanted nothing more than to be at home with my daughter . The idea of being a stay-at-home dad , like Michael Keaton in "  Mr. Mom , " always appealed to me . For the uninitiated , the 1983 comedy is about an out-of-work father faced with domestic challenges while his wife gets a job . A memorable scene has the title character , Jack Butler , trying to sound like he knows what he 's talking about to his wife 's new boss . He tells him that he plans to wire a new wing of his house in "  220 , 221 , whatever it takes . " I identify with the latter part of his character 's claim . It 's not like me to pretend to know anything about home improvement , but when it comes to caring for my family while balancing my responsibilities at work , I plan on doing whatever it takes . In 2007 , 37 percent of working dads admitted that they would leave their jobs if their family could afford it , according to CareerBuilder.com . The "  if " in that statistic is a big one . Unlike the characters in "  Mr. Mom , " my wife and I both need to work . A good sequel to this film may have explored the hijinks that ensued from an overwhelmed parent caring for a newborn while working from home . Nowadays , there 's support for all of the Jack Butlers out there . Web sites such as AtHomeDad.org and Rebeldad.com have established online communities dedicated to providing tips and resources for fatherhood . These forums represent a growing fellowship where those with experience can help new dads . Personally , I have n't utilized them much yet because of that old Groucho Marx joke about not wanting to be a member of a club that would have a person like me as a member . Available resources and social acceptance for stay-at-home dads have come a long way since "  Mr. Mom 's " portrayal of them . In fact , Salary.com calculated that a stay-at-home dad was worth $ 125,340 a year for the dad portion of his work in 2006 . This analysis took into account tasks that range from cooking and cleaning to teaching and serving as a child psychologist . Since I ca n't convince anyone to pay me my estimated worth as an at-home dad -- and living on one salary is n't an option for my family -- I 've considered working from home a couple of hours a week when necessary . Flexible work schedules make sense because they benefit a company by allowing employees to be more productive on their terms . Nevertheless , working from home may not be for everyone . I work for a news Web site , facilitating advertisement opportunities . A lot of my job 's communication occurs via e-mail , which is something I can do at home . I 'd worked from home before , but not with a newborn in the house . My first test was only for a couple of hours when the baby was about 3 weeks old . My wife had an early appointment , and I was going to watch the baby sleep , hopefully , and then go into the office after she got home . I had e-mail to check and two conference calls scheduled back-to-back during that time . I did n't expect this to be too difficult . I caught up on the e-mail much earlier than if I had gone into the office that morning . Unfettered from the restriction of the morning rituals , my productivity was already soaring and I was ahead of schedule . Then disaster struck . As I called into my first meeting , the baby started to stir , squirm and make her signature sounds  a primal series of grunts , snorts and whimpers  . She was telling me that her diaper needed to be changed and that she was probably hungry , too . So I did what any multi-tasker would do : I put the phone under my ear , stuck her bottle under the tap , muted the phone , ran up the stairs with her in a tucked football position , unmuted the phone , answered a question , muted again , changed her diaper and ran down the stairs to get the bottle . My wife called while I was juggling the baby , diaper , bottle and meeting to let me know that she was running late . I screamed to myself , "  I need help NOW ! " Allowing the nervous breakdown to run its course , I continued to pace across my living room floor -- regretting that I had n't chosen decaf that morning . A few minutes later , I jumped out of the first meeting to call into the second . I said , "  Hello , this is Josh , I 'm here on mute , OK , thanks . " As I listened in on mute , I shushed my baby to calm her -- to no avail . Her cries became increasingly louder . My boss asked , "  Josh , are you there ? " I unmuted my phone and right on cue , my daughter screamed at the top of her little lungs . The conference room on the other end of the phone erupted with laughter , and I told them that I 'd have to get back to them . My wife arrived home shortly after the conference-call debacle . I told her that I did n't think it would be a good idea for me to work from home anymore . I realize that the ability to work and be a nanny simultaneously is a skill requiring practice . One trial run as a telecommuter with a newborn has caused me to question the feasibility of being able to do it on a regular basis . Perhaps it 's time for me to forget about that old Groucho Marx joke and accept some help . Wait , the baby 's crying , sorry , got ta go .	Poll : 37 percent of working dads would quit jobs if their families could afford it Stay-at-home dad 's work worth $ 125,340 a year , according to Salary.com Author talks about caring for infant daughter during work conference call "  Mr Mom " line , "  220 , 221 , whatever it takes " inspires work-from-home dad
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's Intelligence Ministry has compiled a list of 60 groups -- several based in the United States -- saying it considers them "  soft war " agents against the country , Iranian media reported Monday . The semi-official Mehr news agency reported the following are on the list : -- U.S. philanthropist George Soros ' Open Society Institute in New York . -- The Washington-based nonprofit National Endowment for Democracy . -- The National Democratic Institute and its GOP counterpart , the International Republican Institute . -- Human Rights Watch . -- The Washington-based Brookings Institution . -- U.S. National Defense University . Media outlets BBC and Voice of America are also on the list , as are the East European Democratic Center in Poland and British nonprofit Wilton Park , among dozens of others . Iran 's deputy intelligence minister urged Iranians to avoid any "  unusual relations " with the groups and with foreign embassies and foreign nationals . "  He stated that it is illegal to sign contracts with these organizations , and it is also against the law for groupings and political parties to receive financial assistance from foreign countries , " Mehr reported . Such crackdowns have become commonplace in Iran since the summer , when thousands of protesters were arrested in the aftermath of Iran 's disputed president election in June . The government has been trying to limit the flow of online information and other forms of communications in Iran , according to activists and human rights officials . Amid the unrest , Iran 's judicial chief in July ordered the the prosecution of individuals "  who cooperate with satellite television programming providers , " according to reports by reformists . Ayatollah Seyyed Mahmoud Hashemi-Shahroudi called on local judicial heads to work with investigators to determine "  intentions , objectives and their sources of financial , political and intelligence support " of individuals who "  operate against the system , " according to Hamshahri , a widely circulated pro-reform publication that has been in print for more than a decade . At the time , Iranian-American Kian Tajbakhsh , an independent consultant and urban planner employed by Soros ' Open Society Institute , was among roughly 100 people accused of participating in a "  velvet revolution " against the Islamic republic . Tajbakhsh , the only American on trial in Tehran at the time , resigned from his position with the foundation after he was arrested and detained for four months in 2007 on unspecified charges . He holds dual citizenship in Iran and the United States . Iran 's election authority declared incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the overwhelming winner of the June 12 race . Opposition supporters accused the government of fraud .	Iran 's Intelligence Ministry compiles list of 60 groups it considers enemy agents Human Rights Watch , Brookings Institution , BBC , Voice of America on list Official urges Iranians to avoid any "  unusual relations " with the groups
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A passenger plane crashed into a shallow waterway and broke in two after overshooting the runway in a remote area of Indonesia 's eastern Papua province on Tuesday , injuring 78 people on board . Bambang Ervan , a spokesman for Indonesia 's Transportation Ministry , said investigators to the airport in the coastal town of Manokwari where the Merpati Nusantara Airlines Boeing 737-300 had been attempting to land . There were reports that bad weather may have been a factor . The injured , many of whom suffered fractures , were taken to hospitals in the area . In all , the plane was carrying 103 passengers , including three children and three infants . Ervan said the aircraft bounced on the runway during landing , skidded and plunged into a nearby canal . Merpati , a cash-strapped state-owned airline which is in the process of upgrading its aging fleet , flies many of the more remote routes across Indonesia . Last year Merpati suffered two plane crashes in Papua . In July , a Merpati flight lost its front wheels as it took of from the town of Biak . A month later , another flight -- a Twin Otter aircraft -- crashed , killing 16 people on board . Air accidents are not infrequent in Papua , a mountainous area in the easternmost part of Indonesia . Two cargo planes and several smaller aircraft also crashed in the province last year . Indonesia has made efforts in recent years to improve its safety record . Last year the European Union 's Safety Commission lifted a ban on four Indonesian carriers . In Hong Kong , Tuesday , a Cathy Pacific flight from Surabaya in Indonesia made an emergency landing injuring eight people . Flight 780 from Surabaya , Indonesia , was carrying 309 passengers and 13 crew members , Cathay Pacific CEO Tony Tyler said at a news conference . Passengers and crew deplaned through the Airbus 330 's evacuation slides . The injured were taken to the territory 's Princess Margaret Hospital . Tyler said a full investigation will follow but engine trouble may have played a part in the incident . The north runway at the Hong Kong International Airport was closed for almost three hours after the emergency landing .	Merpati airlines jet crashes into canal after skidding on landing in Papua Crash follows two accidents involving Merpati aircraft last year State-owned Merpati is in process of upgrading its aging fleet Eight hurt as Cathay Pacific flight makes emergency landing in Hong Kong
More than 1,500 people have been evacuated after a volcano in western Nicaragua erupted Saturday , shooting gas and ash 2 1/2 miles into the sky , government officials said . Explosions at San Cristobal Volcano -- located in the department of Chinandega about 65 kilometers  40 miles  south of the Honduran border and 130 kilometers north of the capital , Managua -- began around 8:45 a.m. Saturday , according to an assessment from SINAPRED , Nicaragua 's federal emergency and disaster management agency . "  We have to be careful and take all appropriate measures for the families that are there and families from neighboring towns , " first lady Rosario Murillo told the EL19 government-run newspaper . She said 400 families have been moved . Are you there ? Share your images and videos . "  I have seen it bring ashes , but not like now , " Jose Espinoza , who lives near the volcano , said . "  It surprised us because it is a powerful volcano and to see it like this would make anyone panic . " Jacinta Carazo , another resident , told CNN that an eruption in 2006 brought a lot of mud but this one was mostly ash . "  It got dark , " she said . Neither Espinoza nor Carazo has evacuated nor do they want to leave . A story linked off Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega 's website indicated 20,000 people in surrounding towns could be affected . About 3,000 people in five communities were already seeing gases and other effects after three large explosions on Saturday , SINAPRED director Guillermo Gonzalez said , according to the El Pueblo Presidente website . Authorities say the main risk is the mix of rain , ash and gas that could affect the health of residents . School classes have been suspended in Chinandega department through Sunday , education official Jose Tremino said . At about 1,745 meters  5,725 feet  , San Cristobal is Nicaragua 's tallest volcano , and is part of a complex consisting of five volcanic edifices , according to the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History . Prior to Saturday , the last known eruption of San Cristobal -- which is also known as El Viejo -- was in 2011 , the museum said . How a supervolcano can threaten Earth	Residents say the volcano spewed a lot of ash , darkened the sky San Cristobal Volcano erupted Saturday , a government agency reports Three explosions send gas and ashes more than two miles into the sky The volcano 's last known eruption was last year , Smithsonian says
CNN  -- Seven people were arrested for allegedly plotting to bomb densely populated areas in Amsterdam , Netherlands , police said Thursday . One member of the group of six men and one woman has ties to a bombing in Madrid , Spain , said Amsterdam police spokeswoman Shermain Canbamme . Late Thursday , police were still searching buildings where the arrests were made , she said . Several shopping areas and the area around a soccer stadium had been closed as a precaution . The suspects were being held at several police stations , police said , and no charges had been filed as of late Thursday night .	6 men , 1 woman arrested ; 1 man has connections to a Madrid bombing , police say Police searching buildings where the arrests were made Shopping areas , area around a soccer stadium closed as a precaution
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- An Italian state police forensic expert who carried out the initial DNA examination presented at Amanda Knox 's trial defended the methods used in an appeal hearing Tuesday . The questions put to Patrizia Stefanoni focused on a key piece of evidence -- a clasp on a bra belonging to murdered British student Meredith Kercher . The defense team is seeking to demonstrate that DNA evidence used in Knox 's original trial is not conclusive as she appeals her conviction and 26-year sentence for the 2007 murder of her housemate . Two new forensic experts , professors Carla Vecchiotti and Stefano Conti , cast doubt this summer on the DNA evidence that played a role in the convictions of Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito in 2009 . Vecchiotti and Conti said the clasp from Kercher 's bloodied bra , which allegedly contained Sollecito 's DNA , was "  dirty " and had been allowed to rust , making further testing futile . The evidence , the two argued , should be "  inadmissible . " But Stefanoni defended the methods and equipment used in the investigation under questioning Tuesday in a Perugia court by prosecutor Manuela Comodi . Stefanoni said the machine used for the DNA examination was clean -- and rejected suggestions the clasp had been contaminated . She said it had been moved but not turned over or stepped on at the scene . The hearing adjourned Tuesday after highly technical and heated debate as Adriano Tagliabracci , a forensic expert for Sollecito 's defense team , testified in support of the findings of Vecchiotti and Conti . More argument over the DNA evidence in the case is expected Wednesday . But speaking outside court Tuesday , prosecutor Comodi said she considered that Stefanoni and a prosecution forensic expert , Giuseppe Novelli , had clearly proven the good work they had done . She suggested the prosecution team could ask for another DNA examination to be carried out . Francesco Maresca , an attorney for Kercher 's family , echoed that message , saying the independent forensic team could have done more tests if they had doubts about the DNA evidence . Earlier , forensic expert Francesca Torricelli , used by the Kercher family 's attorney , questioned in her testimony why the independent experts had not tested the small amount of DNA material found on another key piece of evidence -- a knife from Sollecito 's home that prosecutors in 2009 said had traces of Knox 's genetic material on the handle and Kercher 's in a tiny groove on the blade . Vecchiotti testified in earlier hearings that the knife tested negative for blood and the amount of DNA said to be Kercher 's was so low , it could not be examined again with any conclusions . But Torricelli said Tuesday she had witnessed the work of Vecchiotti and Conti , and that the machinery they used during their investigation could check extremely low quantities of DNA . Meanwhile , Novelli told the court that for him , and others , it was not a question of "  quantity of DNA , but rather quality " to carry out a successful examination . Vecchiotti and Conti have said records about the machine that did the DNA testing were missing , suggesting the testing process may have been unreliable . On Monday , the prosecutor said the records had been found and asked the judge to admit them as evidence . The defense argued they should not be admitted because they were not in the files originally given to the new experts . Comodi said Vecchiotti and Conti could have had them if they had asked for them . Knox 's father , Curt , told reporters outside court Monday that he believed the independent experts "  have done a very good job in evaluating the information ... and I do n't see it breaking down at this point . I see that it has been good for Amanda . " CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Experts from the police , defense and prosecution disagree over DNA evidence Appeal hearing is adjourned , with more DNA evidence expected Wednesday A prosecutor suggests that new DNA testing may be requested Amanda Knox was jailed in 2009 for murdering her housemate , Meredith Kercher , in Italy
CNN  -- A publicist for Jennifer Lawrence slammed the appearance of nude photographs of the Oscar-winning actress online Sunday as a "  flagrant violation of privacy . " "  The authorities have been contacted and will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence , " the publicist said in a written statement . Posts on 4chan , Reddit , Twitter and Tumblr claim to include nude photographs of Lawrence , who won an Academy Award last year for her role in "  Silver Linings Playbook . " Twitter posts on verified accounts of several other celebrities Sunday also reported hacks . "  To those of you looking at photos I took with my husband years ago in the privacy of our home , hope you feel great about yourselves , " actress Mary E. Winstead wrote . "  Knowing those photos were deleted long ago , I can only imagine the creepy effort that went into this . Feeling for everyone who got hacked . " Some celebrities claimed the photos were doctored . An individual close to singer Ariana Grande told CNN photos claiming to show her are "  completely fake . " And actress Victoria Justice said pictures purporting to be her are fake . This is n't the first time celebrities have accused hackers of stealing risque photos . A judge sentenced Christopher Chaney of Florida to 10 years in federal prison in 2012 for stealing nude photos , scripts and personal information from the e-mail accounts of 50 entertainment industry figures , including movie stars Scarlett Johansson and Mila Kunis and singer Christina Aguilera . The first real case of a celebrity hacking attack was in 2005 when hackers logged into Paris Hilton 's phone and stole photos of the reality star , Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at computer security company F-Secure told CNN in 2011 . Those hackers reportedly were able to break into Hilton 's phone by correctly guessing the not-so-secret answer to her security question , which was "  tinkerbell , " the name of her pet Chihuahua . CNN 's Rachel Wells , Dave Alsup , Alan Duke and John D. Sutter contributed to this report .	NEW : An individual close to Ariana Grande says photos claiming to show her are "  completely fake " Online posts purport to show nude photographs of actress Jennifer Lawrence Her publicist says it 's a "  flagrant violation of privacy " and authorities have been notified Other celebrities also report they were hacked
CNN  -- Watching the premiere of "  The Informant ! " -- the Matt Damon movie about a high-level FBI mole at a large multinational company -- was the mole himself , Mark Whitacre . Mark Whitacre , right , at the premiere of ` The Informant ' with Matt Damon . The movie is a dark comic take on the three years Whitacre -- a former divisional president of Archer Daniels Midland , the US-based food additive giant -- spent working undercover to break a global price-fixing conspiracy . Whitacre recognized real episodes in his life on the big screen , such as trying to fix a hidden tape player during a meeting and his delusional belief he would be made CEO of the company as a reward for his undercover work . But what you wo n't see in the movie are the events of August 9 , 1995 , six weeks after an FBI raid blew the case into public attention . It was two days after ADM fired Whitacre and accused him of embezzling millions from the company . His FBI partners for the previous three years would no longer speak with him . On that day , Whitacre sat alone in his car with its engine running inside a closed garage and slowly lost consciousness . He was hoping to end his life as surely as he had ended his career . A gardener found him unconscious . Some scenes just ca n't be played for laughs . "  There was nothing comical in the reality of the story , " said Whitacre , who eventually spent nearly nine years in prison for his role in the price-fixing scheme and revelations he siphoned off $ 9 million from the company while he was working for the FBI . For Whitacre , ` The Informant ! ' is a study in his own mental illness , as he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder after hospitalization for his suicide attempt . His meeting with Damon at the premiere was the first time the pair met . Damon told him he hoped they portrayed his illness in a sensitive way , Whitacre said . "  He did n't want to talk to a 52-year-old Mark Whitacre while preparing for the role , the Mark Whitacre who went to prison , who has been treated for bipolar disorder , who is now COO of a company , " said Whitacre , who is now an executive for a small food supplement maker . "  He wanted to portray the 35-year-old Mark Whitacre , otherwise it would make it difficult to portray the delusions I had at that time . " The fix is in For companies and regulators , the 1997 conviction of ADM was a landmark event , the first antitrust action in the United States since World War II and a case that has spurred price-fixing investigations around the world . "  As a result of this case , the Department of Justice and the FBI started looking around to see if they could find any other cases like this , " said Dean Paisley , a retired FBI agent who supervised the undercover ADM work . "  This used to be relatively unusual until the  ADM  case came to light , " said John Connor , a Purdue University researcher on cartel activity , who was an expert witness in the government 's case against ADM. "  Back in 1993 you 'd see maybe one or two global  price-fixing schemes  being discovered ... in the past three years or so , there are about 50 a year . " Price-fixing schemes -- where a cartel of manufacturers inflate prices against market demand -- cost consumers untold millions each year . In the ADM case , it was found that in the three-year period of investigation the company 's cartel activity with manufacturers in Japan and Korea inflated prices by at least $ 200 million . The ADM case resulted in a record $ 100 million fine in 1997 -- a figure long since dwarfed . Last month Japanese company Epson agreed to pay $ 26 million for its role in price-fixing LCD panels used in mobile phones in the U.S. Several other companies , including Sharp , LG and Hitachi , have already pleaded guilty in the case and paid fines of more than $ 600 million . Just last week , the Hungarian government fined Visa Europe , MasterCard and seven commercial banks a total of $ 10.4 million for price fixing bank fees  Visa and MasterCard are appealing that decision  . Flawed heroes A sign of cartel activity is usually a sharp and uniform increase in price with a contraction in demand . "  But , in fact , in the last 15 or 20 years  governments  have relied almost exclusively on whistle-blowers to make their cases , " Connor said . And as Whitacre showed , whistle blowers often do n't have noble motives . "  The movie should be taken very , very seriously , " said Sam Antar , a CPA who turned government witness against his employer in the 1980 's . "  In white-collar cases , the governments have to rely on informants ... in effect , relying on unsavory characters to make their case , " said Antar , who now advises government agencies on white-collar crime . "  What happened in ` The Informant , ' is he had an agenda to become head honcho of the company , " Antar said . "  The mistake the FBI agents made in the movie is they fell in love with their witness . It turned out there was a dark side they did n't know about . " Whitacre said he began stealing millions from the company while working for the FBI , in part , as a financial backstop in case things went wrong . "  I had this sense of false entitlement , like they owe me this ... after all , the company was stealing hundreds of millions . " The stress of his double-life undoubtedly added to his mental woes , said Paisley , the original FBI supervisor in the case . He points out that undercover FBI agents receive surveillance training and are pulled for psychological evaluation once a year -- Whitacre received none of that . "  There were no provisions for similar checks and balances with Whitacre , " Paisley said . "  He had no ideas what he was getting into when he agreed to cooperate ... we had no idea it would last three years . " Although Whitacre has served his time , Paisley and other agents involved in his case are seeking a presidential pardon . "  He really screwed up by stealing , " Paisley said . "  Be that as it may , how many hundreds of millions would have been stolen if  ADM  was n't stopped by Mark Whitacre ? He is a national hero , in my eyes . "	The ADM price-fixing case was a landmark in global antitrust prosecution Global price-fixing investigations have skyrocketed since the ADM scam These investigations depend on whistle-blowers who often have dark motives
CNN  -- New details emerged Friday of the fatal gang rape of a 23-year-old student in New Delhi from a male friend , who detailed the incident as horrific and their subsequent treatment as callous . The 28-year-old man , who asked not to be identified , said he and the young woman had watched a movie December 16 , and then boarded a private bus to return to her home in a New Delhi suburb . The driver made lewd remarks and five other men taunted the couple and locked the doors , he said in a telephone interview with Agence France-Presse from a town in Uttar Pradesh state . "  They hit me with a small stick and dragged my friend to a seat near the driver 's cabin , " the man said . Then the "  driver and the other men raped my friend and hit her in the worst possible ways in the most private parts of her body . " The driver used an iron bar in the attack , he told the news agency . The friend said he suffered a broken leg . "  The cruelty I saw should not be seen ever . I tried to fight against the men but later I begged them again and again to leave her , " he said . In an interview with Reuters , the man said their abductors drove the couple throughout the city for about two hours before dropping them below an overpass ; he was unable to stand and had no clothes . "  Three-wheeler taxis would slow down , take a look at us and move on , " he said . "  So would cars and motorcycles . We got no help for nearly 20 or 25 minutes . " When three police vehicles finally did show up , he said , "  they could n't decide among themselves which police precinct has jurisdiction . " Throughout , his friend was bleeding profusely , he said . "  We need change in every area , " the companion said . The attack , which resulted in the woman 's death on December 29 , has prompted widespread debate over the way the country handles sexual assaults and the treatment of women in India . Numerous protests have taken place and laws have been proposed . India 's interior minister has ordered New Delhi police stations to increase the number of women officers to facilitate the handling of complaints from women . Interior Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said Friday that each police station in Delhi should have 10 women constables and two women subinspectors . Indian rape debate : Why death penalty is no solution "  We will be posting these women very soon , according to this order , by diverting staff from other places and making them available in Delhi , " police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said . At present , women comprise 7 % of police forces , he said . Candidates will be recruited within four months , and training will take an additional nine months , he said . Bhagat denied that the directive was issued solely because of the rape , but said it is aimed at helping women . Read more : The perils of being a woman in India "  We need overall more women in the police station as other women feel more comfortable with female officers , " he said . "  If all women complaints are attended to promptly , situations like that of the gang-raped medical student may have been avoided . " The interior minister said he is working with security officials to strengthen laws regarding rape and assault . In the state of Haryana , about 80 miles northwest of Delhi , officials plan to publicize the profiles of rapists . The state will publish the names , addresses and case numbers of convicted rapists on a website . "  In doing so , we hope to curb crime against women , " said Laik Ram Dabbas , director of the state crime records bureau . The website could be active this month , Dabbas said . "  By making these names and profiles public , we think crime can be curbed , as in India people are sensitive to public embarrassment , " Dabbas said . "  Once the public is aware of such people roaming around their area , they will become more careful . " The men accused in the gang rape that led to the death of the 23-year-old Indian woman were charged Thursday in a New Delhi court with murder , rape and kidnapping . Read more : Focus on perpetrators , end culture of rape Police submitted charges against five suspects before a fast-track court in Saket , a southern district of New Delhi , said Suman Nalwa , deputy police commissioner of a unit for women and children . ` She could have been me ' : Action urged after Delhi gang rape case He said authorities were waiting for the outcome of a bone marrow test before deciding whether a sixth suspect in the attack will be charged as a juvenile or an adult . The results of the test , intended to determine the suspect 's age , should come soon , Nalwa said . The trial will begin this week once all the evidence is gathered , he said .	"  I begged them again and again to leave her , " friend says of attackers His companion died nearly two weeks later Interior minister orders 10 female constables at every Delhi police station
London  CNN  UK police appealed for help Friday to find three teenage girls who are missing from their homes in London and are believed to be making their way to Syria . The girls , two of them 15 and one 16 , have not been seen since Tuesday , when , police say , they took a flight to Istanbul . One has been named as Shamima Begum , 15 , who may be traveling under the name of 17-year-old Aklima Begum , and a second as Kadiza Sultana , 16 . The third girl has not been named at the request of her family , police said . Pictures released by police show the three girls walking together through London Gatwick Airport , carrying travel bags . They are said to be close friends who went to the same east London school . Richard Walton , of Counter Terrorism Command , said : "  We are extremely concerned for the safety of these young girls and would urge anyone with information to come forward and speak to police . Our priority is the safe return of these girls to their families . "  We are reaching out to the girls using the Turkish media and social media in the hope that Shamima , Kadiza and their friend hear our messages , hear our concerns for their safety and have the courage to return now , back to their families who are so worried about them . " UK police are concerned about the number of girls and young women trying to head to areas of Syria controlled by ISIS , Walton said . "  It is an extremely dangerous place and we have seen reports of what life is like for them and how restricted their lives become , " he said . Besides being forced to lead a very limited life in Syria , he said , they often are denied the choice of returning home , leaving few options for their devastated families . However , if the three missing girls can be found while still in Turkey , there 's a good chance they could still be brought home safely , he said . A police statement urged anyone who thinks a family member might be planning to go to Syria to get in touch . "  This is not about criminalising people it is about preventing tragedies by offering support to the young and vulnerable , " it added . If the girls are headed to Syria , they would not be the first to attempt the journey . In October , three teenage girls from Colorado were intercepted at Frankfurt Airport in Germany as they were trying to make their way to Syria to join ISIS . Their parents tipped off the FBI when they went missing . Another Colorado resident , 19-year-old Shannon Maureen Conley , was arrested at Denver International Airport before she departed on her journey to join an ISIS camp near the Turkish-Syrian border . She planned to marry a member of ISIS whom she had met online . She was given a four-year prison sentence last month after admitting wanting to become an ISIS bride and participate in its jihad in the Mideast . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	UK police say the three girls , two age 15 and one age 16 , are thought to be headed to Syria They flew together Tuesday to Istanbul in Turkey , police say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- India 's air force geared up for possible missions against suspected terrorist camps in Pakistan in the immediate aftermath of November 's Mumbai attacks , U.S. military officials told CNN Monday . One U.S. official said India 's air force "  went on alert " after the attacks in Mumbai . Pakistan said it would defend itself if attacked . "  We do n't want to go to war , " Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Gilani announced during a speech at the National Assembly on Monday . "  But if the war is thrust on us , we will stand united like a respectful nation . " While the officials characterized the Indian actions as preliminary preparations to position the air force if strikes were ordered , the comments indicate that the two nuclear powers were perhaps closer to conflict than previously acknowledged . Three Pentagon officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , have individually confirmed to CNN that the United States has information indicating that India began to prepare air force personnel for a possible mission . The officials offered few details , but one said India 's air force "  went on alert . " A second official said the United States concluded these preliminary preparations would put India in a position to move swiftly against suspected terrorist camps and targets inside Pakistan , before adding that a number of senior U.S. officials urged India to exercise restraint during this time . An Indian air force official had no comment . CNN sister network CNN-IBN reported last week that the air force had been put on its highest level of readiness and that the aircraft had been armed . "  We are certainly against terrorism , but that does n't mean that we go at war with any country , " Indian Air Chief Marshal Fali Homi Major told CNN-IBN Thursday , adding that any decision on military action would be "  up to the government because the air force and the army are there only to carry out the will of the government . " Air Commodore Homayoon Ziqar , a spokesman for the Pakistani air force , told CNN that Pakistan is not on heightened alert at the moment . "  Everything is normal , " he said . Another source in Pakistan 's military also said the air force is not on heightened alert , but added , "  We are always ready , on weekends , on holidays , no matter what the circumstances . " Since the Mumbai attacks , Pakistani security forces raided a camp near Muzaffarabad , the capital of Pakistani-controlled Kashmir , according to military sources . It was the first sign of government action against Lashkar-e-Tayyiba since the Mumbai attacks . India says the Pakistan-based Islamic militant group was behind the killings of more than 160 people in Mumbai . Watch Miss Pakistan talk about the Mumbai attacks " Also , Pakistani authorities have banned a charity linked to last month 's attacks and placed its leader under house arrest . The move came after the U.N. Security Council designated the charity , Jamaat-ud-Dawa , a terror organization because of its links to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . Gilani 's promise that Pakistan would defend itself came amid mounting international pressure for him to crack down on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said he was "  encouraged " that Pakistan arrested two of the group 's top leaders last week , saying it amounted to the first steps toward determining who plotted the Mumbai siege . Indian police say the only surviving suspect from the Mumbai attacks , identified by Indian authorities as 21-year-old Mohammad Ajmal Kasab , is from Pakistan 's Punjab province and the other nine attackers also were from Pakistan . Pakistani officials have denied that assertion , blaming instead "  stateless actors . " Until now , the Bush Administration has publicly said it saw no signs of military movement by India and no indication that the Indian government was preparing any type of retaliation . The Pentagon officials broadly described the activity as checking the status of crews , fighter jets and weapons that were available . The extent of the reported preparation was not immediately known . Also , one of the Pentagon officials confirmed that the United States has intelligence indicating a single Indian aircraft violated Pakistani airspace twice on Saturday . The United States believes the incursion was inadvertent , the official said , adding that there is no information to indicate it was planned . Meanwhile , suspected U.S. missile strikes continued to hammer Pakistan 's tribal region , killing three people in a North Waziristan village Monday evening , according to a Pakistani military official . Monday 's strike is the 29th suspected U.S. missile strike in Pakistan this year . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Pakistani PM says , "  If the war is thrust on us , we will stand united " One Pentagon official says India 's air force "  went on alert " after Mumbai attacks During preparations , senior U.S. officials urged India to exercise restraint More than 160 people were slain in the three-day attack that began in late November
CNN  Pablo Picasso once asked : "  Are we to paint what 's on the face , what 's inside the face or what 's behind it ? " Jessica Todd Harper 's photo book "  The Home Stage " does all three simultaneously . "  The Home Stage " contains intimate , psychological portraits that Harper has created of herself , her family and friends , and their children . The book weaves in some photos of other people 's families as well , and includes writing by Alain De Botton and Alison Nordstrom . Using her camera like a paintbrush to stroke the canvas that is her environment , Harper explores the experiences of parenting and childhood . As a mother to twin sons and a daughter , her photos contain a wide range of raw emotion , ranging from comfort and conflict to sleepiness and satisfaction . Harper 's first photo book , "  Interior Exposure , " focused on the early years of her marriage and adult family life . She says her latest book is like a natural segue , as "  The Home Stage " includes many photos of children . The title -- "  The Home Stage " -- has more than one particular meaning or reference . "  One is to convey that stage in life when you 're anchored to the home with young children , " Harper said . "  It also references how the home is the first stage in which children learn how to live in every situation . In my particular pictures , many of them have a stage-like quality . There 's reference to tableau vivant of the past , these constructed images . " Harper 's mother was a big fan of the arts , and she would take young Harper and her sister to local art museums where they would copy paintings by hand , progressing from crayons to charcoal and , eventually , to pastels . "  I wanted to be just like Mary Cassatt and John Singer Sargent ; those were the artists that I would copy a lot as a child , " she said . "  I think those images got very much stuck into my deep psyche . " She emphasizes that her photos are not the everyday snapshots that many parents post on Facebook -- the photos of children at various stages in their lives , attending birthday parties or riding tricycles . The book 's pictures "  are n't documents , " Harper said . "  They 're making everyday moments have an eternal quality . It reminds us of our more general purpose in life , the meaning in everyday small things . " The combination of Harper 's color palette and the use of natural light fills every inch of her photos with rich detail . Many of Harper 's photos contain several generations of her family , highlighting connections between the present , past and future . While the people Harper photographs are predominantly those most familiar with her , she makes an effort to not allow her camera to completely consume the lives of her subjects . "  I try to do a very good job of not being overbearing . ... I bring out the camera only when I have a very specific idea in mind . My children know that I 'm an artist , I 'm a photographer . They know that , but I do n't think that they see that even in the top 10 of the ways that they relate to me , it 's not as subjects , " she said . "  I want to keep it that way because otherwise they become so self-conscious and they start doing things which are not natural or genuine . " Each photo draws the curtain to reveal Harper 's home stage -- Harper lying in bed with her son Marshall , her husband playing in the backyard with their children , her daughter sitting in a high chair . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Regardless of the subject matter of the photos , Harper says there is one thing that ties all of them together : light . Throughout "  The Home Stage , " Harper also manages to effectively create a balance between carefully planned compositions and naturally occurring moments . While Harper recognizes that raising young children can be intense and tiresome , she emphasizes it is vital to take the initiative to create memories -- not simply wait to capture certain moments . This is evident with the self-portrait she made holding her son Nicholas , stopping her family in the midst of their dinner preparations . "  At the time , I felt like so many parents . I felt tired and distracted and busy trying to get things done . I felt a little bit of guilt about making this picture , " Harper said . "  And yet I knew somewhere in the back of my head that there was an imperative that I must take moments . ... You 're just so busy that if you do n't purposefully force it , then it would n't happen . " In one photo , viewers are witnesses to an intimate familial relationship as they simply see a mother as she lays her hand gently on her son 's back . "  It 's a universal mother-and-child gesture , " Harper said . "  It does n't even matter particularly who that individual mother or that individual child is because of the way they 're framed and photographed . You ca n't see their faces . It 's just the way that her hand is resting on his back . It 's ownership and protection and love . " Jessica Todd Harper is an American photographer based in Philadelphia . Her book "  The Home Stage " is available on Amazon , and the photos are on display at The Print Center in Philadelphia until March 28 .	In her photo book "  The Home Stage , " Jessica Todd Harper explores parenting and childhood She combines naturally occurring moments with carefully planned compositions
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Police raided a major methamphetamine lab in an Atlanta , Georgia , suburb , discovering a large amount of crystal meth and liquid methamphetamine oil , they said Tuesday . "  This is believed to be one of the largest methamphetamine confiscations in the United States , " according to a statement from Gwinnett County Police Cpl. Edwin Ritter . A total of 933 pounds of methamphetamine with an estimated street value of $ 44,641,000 was recovered during the raid Monday afternoon , officials said . Ritter said Jose Galvez-Vela , 33 , of Weslaco , Texas , is in custody and has been charged with trafficking methamphetamine . Police requested assistance from the federal Drug Enforcement Administration "  due to the size of this lab and extremely hazardous situation , " according to the statement . The two agencies removed large qualities of the chemicals from a home in Norcross , Georgia , after police obtained information regarding its production , the statement said . Authorities say the home does not appear to have had anyone living in it and was used strictly for the production of methamphetamine .	NEW : Jose Galvez-Vela , 33 , charged with trafficking methamphetamine Police say lab was discovered in vacant home outside Atlanta It 's believed to be one of the largest meth confiscations in the United States 933 pounds of methamphetamine with estimated value of $ 44,641,000 recovered
In a scene out of the Cold War , Cuban President Raul Castro and ailing brother Fidel met with the current leader of the communist island 's longtime economic benefactor , the state press reported Saturday . During a daylong visit on Friday , Russian President Vladimir Putin and his counterpart signed a slew of agreements expanding cooperation between the two countries . Putin also visited with Fidel Castro at his home outside Havana . Pictures released in Cuban state media showed the men standing and a smiling , with Putin placing his hand on Castro 's arm . Castro was sidelined in 2006 by a mystery gastrointestinal illness and no longer holds official duties , but he still regularly greets visiting heads of state . Cuba was the first stop on Putin 's Latin American tour , which will take him to Argentina and Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , for the World Cup final game on Sunday . Russia is set to host the next World Cup in 2018 . On Saturday , Argentina President Cristina Kirchner tweeted a picture of her shaking hands with Putin . "  Argentina is Russia ´ s main strategic partner in Latin America , the United Nations and the G20 Group , " Putin said hours before departing for his trip to Latin America , according to the Telam news agency of Argentina . In an interview with the Cuban news agency Prensa Latina , Putin said the "  Latin American nations that struggled for their independence inspire our deepest respect for their autonomy and their right to self-determination . " "  Today , cooperation with the Latin American nations is one of the key orientations and prospects of Russian foreign policy , " Putin told Prensa Latina . "  Multilateralism in world affairs , respect to international law , strengthening of the central role of the U.N. and sustainable development are the principles that bring us together . " Last week , Russian officials agreed to forgive 90 % of the more than $ 30 billion Cuba still owed Russia . The remaining $ 3.5 billion would be paid back over a space of 10 years and reinvested in Cuba . "  It 's a great sign of the generosity of Russia towards Cuba , " Raul Castro said in video released of the agreement signing with Putin . The two countries announced they also would cooperate more closely on energy , security and health matters . The head of the Russian oil drilling consortium Rosneft accompanied Putin on the trip , and Cuban officials announced that the firm would help them explore for oil off the island 's northern coast . Several international companies have drilled for a massive reserve of oil Cuban officials believe lies about 50 miles off their shores , but so far all have come up dry . Cuba and Russia once enjoyed one of the firmest Cold War alliances , but that special relationship between ended abruptly with the collapse of the Soviet bloc at the start of the 1990s . The loss of supplies from oil-rich Russia along with the end of favorable trade and aid that once propped up Cuba 's ailing economy plunged Cuba into an severe economic crisis . In an interview published in the Cuban communist party newspaper Granma on Friday , Putin promised a new era of closer relations with Cuba . "  We are disposed to recover lost possibilities , " Putin said . Following the crisis in Ukraine , Russian officials said they were looking to establish new naval bases in handful of countries , including Cuba . While Cuban officials have said little about the Russian overtures , they have several times allowed a Russian spy ship to dock and resupply in Havana 's port . It remains to be seen how significantly the two countries can aid one another as both Cuba and Russia deal with flagging economies and the impacts of U.S. trade sanctions . "  They are looking at ways to rebuild the relationship but it 's not that easy anymore , " said Marc Frank , author of the book "  Cuban Revelations . " "  Russia is no longer the Soviet Union while Cuba is still a Cuba . It 's a communist country while Russia really is not . " According to Granma , Fidel Castro discussed with Putin his research into growing food in tropical and subtropical climates as a way to fight the effects of global warming . Many Cubans said they remembered the relative economic security that the alliance with the Soviet Union brought and welcomed a renewed Russian presence on the island . The child of a Cuban father and Russian mother , Andrei Shevsou in 2013 opened the Havana restaurant Tavariche , which serves Russian food and is filled with mementos of the Soviet era in Cuba . "  One country is cold , the other is hot . We have different food , different ways of thinking , " he said . "  But we found common ground because -LSB- we -RSB- lived through historic times together . " Google executives promote Internet freedoms on Cuba visit	Russian President meets Raul and Fidel Castro during a visit to Cuba Putin and counterpart sign deals expanding cooperation between the two countries Russian officials agreed to forgive 90 % of the more than $ 30 billion Cuba still owed Cuba and the former Soviet Union enjoyed one of the firmest Cold War alliances
New York  CNN  -- CNN 's Lou Dobbs stepped down from his controversial role as an advocacy anchor at the network at the end of his show Wednesday night , saying he plans to seek a more activist role . "  Over the past six months , it has become increasingly clear that strong winds of change have begun buffeting this country and affecting all of us , and some leaders in media , politics and business have been urging me to go beyond the role here at CNN and to engage in constructive problem-solving as well as to contribute positively to a better understanding of the great issues of our day and to continue to do so in the most honest and direct language possible , " Dobbs said during his 7 p.m. broadcast . Dobbs , 64 , said he had discussed the issue with CNN President Jonathan Klein , who had agreed to a release from his contract "  that will enable me to pursue new opportunities . " In a written statement , Klein called Dobbs "  a valued founding member of the CNN family . " "  For decades , Lou fearlessly and tirelessly pursued some of the most important and complex stories of our time , often well ahead of the pack , " Klein said . "  All of us will miss his appetite for big ideas , the megawatt smile and larger-than-life presence he brought to our newsroom , and we 're grateful to have known and worked with him over the years . "  With characteristic forthrightness , Lou has now decided to carry the banner of advocacy journalism elsewhere . We respect his decision and wish him , Debi -LSB- Dobbs ' wife -RSB- , and his family the very best . " Dobbs , who is the last of the 29-year-old network 's original anchors , said he was considering "  a number of options and directions . " He cited the growth of the middle class , the creation of jobs , health care , immigration policy , the environment , climate change and the U.S. military involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan as "  the major issues of our time . " But , he said , "  Each of those issues is , in my opinion , informed by our capacity to demonstrate strong resilience of our now weakened capitalist economy and demonstrate the political will to overcome the lack of true representation in Washington , D.C. I believe these to be profoundly , critically important issues and I will continue to strive to deal honestly and straightforwardly with those issues in the future . " Read Dobbs ' full statement about his departure from CNN Those issues , he added , are defined in the public arena "  by partisanship and ideology rather than by rigorous , empirical forethought , analysis and discussion , " and he vowed to work to change that . In an e-mail to CNN staff members , Klein described the parting as "  extremely amicable , " and said Dobbs ' replacement would be announced soon . Dobbs was with Cable News Network from its initial broadcasts in 1980 , acting as chief economics correspondent and host of the business program "  Moneyline . " His coverage of the 1987 stock market crash won him the George Foster Peabody Award for excellence in broadcasting . That was one of many awards he received while at CNN , including an Emmy for Lifetime Achievement that he received from the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences in 2005 . Dobbs left the network in 1999 to found SPACE.com , a Web site devoted to space-related subjects . He returned to the network in 2001 as anchor and managing editor of CNN 's Moneyline News Hour , which became Lou Dobbs Tonight . He also acted as lead business news anchor for CNN/U . S. and CNNfn , the forerunner of CNNMoney . During his second stint at CNN , Dobbs positioned himself as "  tough , relentless , independent , " lashing out at what he described as the deficiencies and "  partisan nonsense " of both major political parties , and injecting advocacy journalism into his coverage of topics ranging from free trade to immigration . His no-holds-barred , sometimes acerbic style brought him a loyal following , but also attracted controversy both to him and to the network , especially over the subject of illegal immigrants . Dobbs will continue as anchor of The Lou Dobbs Show , a daily radio show that began in March 2008 and is distributed to more than 160 stations nationwide by United Stations Radio Networks Inc. .	Dobbs , 64 , said President Jonathan Klein agreed to release him from his contract Departure will "  enable me to pursue new opportunities , " said Dobbs Dobbs said he was considering "  a number of opportunities and directions " Dobbs ' no-holds-barred style brought loyal following , but also controversy
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- First came a political row over the rightful winner of Ivory Coast 's presidential election . Saturday , two men laid claim to the West African nation 's highest post . Incumbent Laurent Gbagbo defied international appeals to step aside and was sworn in as the new president in a formal ceremony inside the presidential palace that was broadcast live on television . Less than an hour-and-a-half later , his rival , Alassane Ouattara , told reporters that he , too , had taken the oath of office and asked Prime Minister Soro Guillaume to form a new government . Abidjan , under a 7 p.m. curfew , saw an eerie calm fall Saturday evening . But the political chaos heightened fears that the Ivory Coast -- known as Cote d'Ivoire in French -- would once again plunge into the unrest and bloodshed suffered after a civil war broke out in 2002 . The Constitutional Council declared Gbagbo the winner Friday , invalidating earlier results from the Independent Electoral Commission which handed Ouattara the victory with 54.1 % of the vote . The Constitutional Council said Gbagbo had won the election with 51.45 % of the vote to Ouattara 's 48.55 % . It tossed out votes it said were marred by fraud in northern regions that were considered Ouattara strongholds . It was the job of Y.J. Choi , the special envoy in the Ivory Coast of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , to review and sign off on the results . Choi said that , even if Gbagbo 's complaints were taken into consideration , Ouattara was the winner . "  Having evaluated all the tally sheets , 20,000 of them yesterday evening , we are in a position to know what happened really , " Choi said in a telephone interview from Abidjan . "  With absolute certainty , we know that Ouattara won the election . " With his credibility in question , Gbagbo defied calls from international leaders to respect the will of Ivorian voters by taking the oath of office in front of a room full of supporters and military commanders . "  These past days I have noticed serious cases of interference , " Gbagbo said . "  The sovereignty of Cote d'Ivoire , is not negotiable . My responsibility is to defend it . " Meanwhile , the African Union stepped into the fray and said it would entrust former South African President Thabo Mbeki to help determine a rightful end to the dispute . "  The purpose of this mission is to facilitate the rapid and peaceful conclusion of the electoral process and the efforts to find a way out of the crisis in  the Ivory Coast  on the basis of relevant  African Union  decisions and instruments and through consultations with the concerned actors , " said a statement from the intergovernmental organization . French President Nicolas Sarkozy appealed for calm and urged military and civilian officials to respect the will of the people . U.S. President Barack Obama warned Gbagbo : "  The international community will hold those who act to thwart the democratic process and the will of the electorate accountable for their actions . " Ouattara , a former economist for the International Monetary Fund who served as prime minister , had been banned from previous races . Gbagbo 's critics said the incumbent stoked tensions by accusing Ouattara of masterminding the civil war . Ouattara has denied the allegation . Once a prosperous nation and a driving force in West Africa , the Ivory Coast spiraled downward into instability after fighting erupted between the government-held south and discontented Muslim rebels living in the north . Thousands of people died in the conflict . Ouattara enjoys popular support in the rebel-held north and now , with both candidates claiming they are president , the potential exists for more bloodshed . The streets of Abidjan have already seen violent clashes in the past few days . Journalists Francois Xavier Menage and Eric Agnero contributed to this report .	Laurent Gbagbo was named president by one council in the Ivory Coast Another commission named former Prime Minister Alassane Ouattara the winner The political chaos has raised fears of unrest and bloodshed in the West African nation
CNN  -- It 's been a year since "  Fast and Furious " star Paul Walker died in a car crash , and his father says not a day goes by that he does not think of him . "  I feel his presence every day , " said Paul Walker III . "  I miss talking to him a great deal . He had a good heart . " Walker 's death on November 30 , 2013 , devastated fans worldwide . An investigation determined that the cause of the solo-vehicle accident was unsafe speed for the road conditions . Walker 's father recently shared fond memories of his son with E! Online . He said his son brought a lot of laughter into their home . "  Paul just radiated love and you ca n't fake that , " he said . "  Paul had a really good heart . I thought , ` How did I deserve such a wonderful son ? ' " The elder Walker said his son liked adventure , cars and the ocean . He described the ocean as Walker 's "  magical kingdom " ... "  the other was the racetrack . " Walker 's most famous film franchise , "  The Fast and the Furious , " centered around auto racing . His final film , "  Furious 7 " is set for release in April . .	Actor Paul Walker died in a car crash on November 30 , 2013 His father , Paul Walker III , shared memories with E! Online "  Paul just radiated love and you ca n't fake that , " he said
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Turn back time , more than 90 years , to a cold case that wo n't gather dust . It 's a classic whodunit , starting with the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl and ending in a lynching . It was grist for a prosecutor 's political aspirations , a case that was appealed all the way to the country 's highest court and a story hotly debated in the national press . At the center of it all was Leo Frank , a northern Jew who 'd moved to Atlanta to supervise the National Pencil Company factory . When the body of Mary Phagan , a white child laborer , was found in the basement , law enforcement homed in on Frank . He was tried and convicted , based on what most historians say was the perjured testimony of a black man , and sentenced to death . But when the governor commuted his sentence in 1915 , about 25 men abducted Frank , 31 , from the state prison and hung him from a tree in Marietta , Georgia . Considered one of the most sensational trials of the early 20th century , the Frank case seemed to press every hot-button issue of the time : North vs. South , black vs. white , Jew vs. Christian , industrial vs. agrarian . In the years since , it has inspired numerous books and films , TV programs , plays , musicals and songs . It has fueled legal discussions , spawned a traveling exhibition and driven public forums . Who murdered Mary Phagan ? What forces were behind the lynching of Frank ? Why should we still care ? Answers to these questions , or theories , keep coming . "  Leo Frank was not a good ole Southern boy . He was different and not ashamed of being different , " said Ben Loeterman , whose new documentary , "  The People v. Leo Frank , " will air Monday on PBS . "  The test of us as a society is not necessarily how we treat the best among us but how we treat the most questionable . " Mixed in with ongoing analysis of the Phagan-Frank story are the descendants of those involved , people who learned of their connections differently and carry these legacies forward in unique ways . The accused "  The story goes that no one in my family talked about it , " said Cathee Smithline , a 62-year-old great-niece of Frank . Frank was the one who handed Mary Phagan her check when she stopped by the factory on April 26 , 1913 , Confederate Memorial Day . The night watchman , Newt Lee , would find the body and call police early the next day . Smithline , of Wyckoff , New Jersey , was 16 when she first heard about the case . Her mother sat her down , told her a story about what a man in the South had been through , said it was based on her uncle and handed over a book : "  A Little Girl is Dead . " It turns out Smithline 's mother got the news in her teens , too , when her boyfriend turned to her after seeing "  They Wo n't Forget , " a 1937 Hollywood film . "  You know that 's about your uncle , " he said . She 'd grown up hearing Uncle Leo died of pneumonia , and after asking family about it , the truth was revealed , followed by the words , "  We will never talk about this again , " Smithline said . "  I think it was a family embarrassment , " she said . "  My grandmother -LSB- who died when Smithline was 1 -RSB- was very close to her brother . It can not be easy to tell someone your brother was lynched and why . " The first victim Mary Phagan Kean was 13 when the story hit her . She was in a South Carolina classroom , and her name stopped short a teacher taking attendance . "  Mary Phagan , you say ? " she recalled the teacher asking , peering up from his list . He wanted to know if she was related to a girl with that name who died in 1913 . Confidently , she told him she was n't . But the boys on the playground taunted her anyway , telling her she was reincarnated from a dead girl . Traumatized , she asked her father about her name . "  He turned whiter than white , " she remembered . Mary Phagan had been her grandfather 's little sister . He only wept when asked about her . When Mary Phagan Kean 's family moved back to Marietta , questions about that name never stopped . "  I went on a campaign , " said Kean , 55 , who sought out every article and piece of information she could find . "  I did that for years and years and years . " The consensus of historians is that the Frank case was a miscarriage of justice . Crime scene evidence was destroyed , they say . A bloody hand print was not analyzed . Transcripts from the trial vanished . Frank 's conviction was based largely on the testimony of a janitor , Jim Conley , who most came to see as Phagan 's killer . He 'd written notes found with the body , but said they were dictated to him . The prosecutor , Hugh Dorsey , used race in his argument , saying a black man could n't be smart enough to come up with such stories . Witnesses would come forward to say Conley was seen carrying the body and washing out a bloody shirt . Conley 's own attorney , William Smith , came to believe in Frank 's innocence , scrawling a note to that effect on his death bed nearly 35 years later . Conley , who appeared in the press for petty crimes over the years , eventually disappeared . Dorsey , the prosecutor , had political aspirations riding on this win . "  A conviction of just another black guy was n't going to do anything for his career , " said Sandy Berman , the archivist at The William Breman Jewish Heritage Museum in Atlanta who created the traveling exhibit , "  Seeking Justice : The Leo Frank Case Revisited . " Two years after Frank 's lynching , Dorsey was elected governor of Georgia . But the story was interpreted differently by Kean , who wrote "  The Murder of Little Mary Phagan , " and stands by this conclusion : "  Leo Frank was guilty as sin . He was a sexual pervert . " Kean often visits her namesake 's grave in Marietta . She 's not the only one . She says she 's struck by the teddy bears people leave there . The governor Elizabeth Slaton Wallace could n't be prouder of her heritage . At 81 , she 's the great-niece of the late Georgia Gov. John M. Slaton , the man who commuted Frank 's death sentence to a life sentence , believing Frank 's innocence would be proved and , in doing so , ruined his political career . The Georgia National Guard was called out to protect the governor after his decision prompted a rabble-rousing newspaper publisher to call for the lynching of both Frank and Slaton . Frank had been moved to the state prison in Milledgeville , Georgia , where an inmate slashed his throat . He survived , but weeks later about two dozen Marietta men came into the prison , with no resistance from officials , and abducted Frank in the dark of night . By dawn , he was hanging from a tree in Marietta . Photographs of his dangling body and the crowds who gathered there adorned souvenir postcards . "  Leo Frank was a Jew and a Yankee Jew at that . He was railroaded . Uncle Jack knew that , " said Wallace , who lives in Atlanta . She ca n't explain why the story persists to this day . But throughout her life she 's witnessed the kindness of the Jewish community , especially toward her father , who was named for the late governor . "  The Jewish community could never do enough for my father , " said Wallace , who recalled being in a Jewish-owned store with her parents in the 1980s . "  They could have given us the shop . " As grateful as they were to Slaton , Frank 's lynching left Georgia 's small Jewish community frightened . Many left the state ; those who stayed kept a low profile . For decades , they only spoke of Frank in hushed tones . The lynching party The lynching of a white man can hardly be compared to what happened in the black community in the South . But this case , the only lynching of a Jew on American soil , was the culmination of a state-sponsored conspiracy , historians say . While Georgia Jews remained quiet , so did those who were involved in Frank 's killing , said Steve Oney of Los Angeles , California , who wrote the authoritative book "  And the Dead Shall Rise : The Murder of Mary Phagan and the Lynching of Leo Frank . " It would be about 80 years before members of the lynching party were publicly , and not just secretly , known . "  They were not liquored-up yahoos , " said Oney , a journalist , editor and Atlanta native who spent 17 years researching his book . "  These were smart , deliberate people -- from good , prominent families . " They included a former governor , a former mayor , a U.S. senator 's son , a judge , lawyers , a state legislator and business owners . One of the 25 or so men was Cicero Dobbs , the grandfather-in-law of Roy Barnes , a Georgia lawyer and politician who is a former governor himself and will be running again in 2010 . Barnes and his wife , Marie , never knew Dobbs , who owned a taxi company in Marietta and likely provided transportation to the prison where Frank was held . Oney broke the news about the family connection to them . "  Marie 's parents did n't know . It was never mentioned , " Barnes said . "  On death beds , people confessed . It was just that powerful . " Barnes , who is featured in the new documentary , said it 's important to keep the story alive and learn from it . "  It 's a terrible blot on our history , " he said . "  How we keep it from happening again is to never forget . "	Mary Phagan 's murder in 1913 spawned an Atlanta trial that 's still talked about today Leo Frank was convicted , later lynched by mob of respected community leaders Case hit hot buttons : North vs. South ; Jew vs. Christian ; black vs. white Story continues through new books , films and descendants from all sides
The University of Pennsylvania Health System in Philadelphia recently announced that it will no longer hire smokers . A job applicant must be tobacco-free for six months to qualify for a position there . This decision will surely prove popular . Defending the dirty habit of smoking is now left to fat cat lobbyists , highly paid lawyers with no conscience and far-right-wing crackpots . I am not in those ranks .  Full disclosure : I was a former employee of the university . But , keeping smokers out of the hospital work force unless it protects patients makes me very nervous . Ethically , it is hard to digest . Penn is not the first health care institution to go tobacco-free in hiring . The Cleveland Clinic did so back in 2007 . The Geisinger Health System in northern Pennsylvania has had such a policy complete with required nicotine testing for more than a year . Hospitals and health systems in Florida , Georgia , Massachusetts , Missouri , Idaho , Virginia , Ohio , Tennessee and Texas have all stopped hiring smokers . Lots of companies outside health care are not hiring smokers either , but the big push is in hospitals and health systems . So what is wrong with not hiring those who engage in  or have engaged in  a gross , sickening , bad habit ? In justifying its decision , Penn says smoking and secondhand smoke contribute to 443,000 premature deaths a year and cost $ 193 billion in health care and lost productivity . So , clearly they want to try and make a dent in that bill by barring tobacco users . In addition , Penn notes on its website that , "  Employees who smoke cost , on average , $ 3,391 more a year for health care . In addition , smoke breaks during work may be disruptive and subject patients/colleagues to the unpleasant smell of smoke on employees ' scrubs and clothing . " So the two big reasons are making a dent in a costly bad lifestyle choice and saving money for the health care system by hiring tobacco-free employees . I am not sure if I buy the smoke break disruption or the smelly clothes arguments . If they are problems , then send the smokers outside to a spot far away from where the patients come in and out , or have them wash their hands and faces , which everyone ought be doing anyway , and only give them the same breaks from work that everyone else gets . It comes down to a matter of fairness . Why ca n't the hospital work with people who may want to change their behavior but are having a hard time doing so ? There 's a little hypocrisy when as a place where you bring people back from sickness to health , your policy seems to reflect little concern for getting health care workers to become healthier . I do n't doubt smokers cost us all a lot of money . It is also cheaper not to have to hire them and give them insurance or see them miss work . But the obese , the gamblers , rugby players , skiers , the sedentary , the promiscuous who do n't practice safe sex , those who wo n't wear helmets on motorcycles and bikes , horseback riders , pool owners , all-terrain-vehicle operators , small-plane pilots , sunbathers , scuba divers , and surfers -- all of whom cost us money and incur higher than average health care costs -- are still on the job . Picking on the smokers alone is simply not fair . And what message does a no-smokers-are-welcome policy send ? We do n't want you in our health care system ? Should n't doctors and nurses learn to work with those who sin and stray from the dictates of good health ? As long as those who have bad habits are not compromising the quality of health care being provided on hospital ground , then let 's not exclude smoking nurses , fat physical therapists , and scuba diving pharmacists from work . What is the best way to get a doctor or nurse who smokes to stop ? Make sure they can not get a job ? Oh yeah -- that will surely make them kick the habit ! Why not hire them , tell them they have to get into anti-smoking programs and pay them a bonus when they stay smoke-free ? Not hiring smokers at hospitals does send a message -- but it is n't one that hospitals and health systems ought to be sending .	The University of Pennsylvania Health System said it will no longer hire smokers Arthur Caplan : Keeping smokers out of the hospital work force is ethically hard to digest He says it 's there are many unhealthy habits out there . It 's unfair to make them job killers Caplan : Should n't doctors and nurses learn to work with those who stray from good health ?
CNN  -- Whovians , clear your calendars -- the next star of the British science-fiction series "  Doctor Who " will be unveiled Sunday during a live half-hour television special on the BBC . The 12th Doctor of the long-running show , which has aired 33 seasons and nearly 800 episodes since it premiered in 1963 , will be revealed in front of a studio audience set against a backdrop of a swirling vortex , Daleks , and the TARDIS , the BBC has announced . Peter Capaldi , who starred as a foul-mouthed spin doctor in the British political comedy series "  The Thick of It , " has been the odds-on favorite to step into the good Doctor 's blue phone booth-shaped time machine after Matt Smith , the 11th Doctor , announced in June that he would be leaving the show after four years . Ben Stephenson , Controller of BBC Drama Commissioning , said : "  We ca n't wait to unveil the next Doctor ... It 's the biggest secret in showbiz , even those working with the new Doctor on other projects at the moment have no idea they are in the presence of the 12th incarnation . " The show will air live simultaneously on BBC One in Britain at 6:00 p.m. GMT and on BBC America at 2:00 p.m. ET . READ MORE : "  Doctor Who " to mark 50 years with biopic The seminal British series first aired in 1963 -- when the broadcast of the premiere was delayed due to coverage of the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy -- and spawned a number of spinoffs , books , stage performances and radio shows before going off the air in 1989 . The show returned to television in 2005 to critical acclaim in Britain . The BBC has said it will debut the new Doctor in this year 's Christmas special . Rory Kinnear , who played Bill Tanner in the James Bond films "  Quantum of Solace " and "  Skyfall , " and Idris Elba , better known as Stringer Bell from the HBO drama "  The Wire , " have also been tipped as candidates to be the next incarnation of the Time Lord . As fans eagerly await the appointment of the next Doctor , the BBC will celebrate the 50th anniversary of "  Doctor Who " with a biopic about the show 's origins . "  An Adventure in Space and Time " will premiere later this year and fictionally recounts the creation of the series while exploring the team behind its first episode . The show will also mark the highly-anticipated milestone on November 23 with a special episode starring Matt Smith , David Tennant -- Smith 's predecessor -- and John Hurt as the Doctor , according to the BBC . Emily Zemler and Kevin Taverner contributed to this report .	Next star of seminal British show "  Doctor Who " to be revealed live on Sunday British actor Peter Capaldi , star of political comedy "  The Thick of It , " is odds-on favorite 50th anniversary of show 's first episode to be marked by biopic , special episode BBC : "  Even those working with new Doctor on other projects have no idea "
GAINESVILLE , Georgia  CNN  -- When 19-year-old Reid Overton wants to smoke a cigarette on his college campus , he has to walk to a distant parking lot and get into his car , but he does n't seem to mind . "  Even as a smoker , I do n't like to walk past a cloud of smoke , " he says . Reid Overton , a freshman at Gainesville State College in Georgia , heads to his car when he wants a smoke . Overton is one of 5,300 students at Gainesville State College , an hour north of Atlanta , Georgia . A 4-year-old ban prohibits anyone from using tobacco products on campus , including students , faculty and visitors . A smoke-free campus was the brainchild of longtime college president Martha Nesbitt , herself a former smoker . "  It 's just a healthier place to be , " says Nesbitt , "  because as you go in a building , you 're not going to have to go through smoke . When you walk out , you do n't see cigarette butts littered around . It 's just a cleaner , healthier campus . " Nesbitt reports there have n't been any problems enforcing the ban . Signs are posted around campus , and the policy is prominently displayed on everything from the school Web site to admissions applications . The American Nonsmokers ' Rights Foundation reports nearly 60 college campuses around the United States have smoke-free policies that affect the entire campus . Other schools have limited restrictions , banning smoking indoors in residential housing and student facilities . Nesbitt believes her college is one of the first to fully prohibit the use of tobacco products . Watch more on efforts to curb smoking on campus " The American Cancer Society says the movement is catching on . "  The trend toward a smoke-free country is going on everywhere , " says Daniel Smith , president of the American Cancer Society Action Network . "  I think college campuses are simply reflecting the same trend we 're seeing in society . " With the 30th anniversary this week of the nationwide Great American Smokeout , the cancer society is pushing a smoke-free college campus initiative . It encourages campus coordinators to hold competitions and distribute survival kits that include gum and support information . The group is trying to convince students that if they can quit for a day , they can quit for good . According to the cancer society , the prevalence of smoking in the United States is highest among college-age students , ages 18 to 24 . While other age groups are decreasing their tobacco use , the cancer society says college students are smoking at a greater rate . Those statistics worry Smith . "  We know that 30 percent of all cancers are caused by smoking , " he says . He blames the addiction rates among young adults on heavy marketing efforts on college campuses by tobacco companies . "  Many people might initially think it 's cool . But when they 're educated about the health effects , by that time , they are addicted , and it 's very hard to quit . " Overton is n't all that worried about cutting back on his pack-a-day smoking habit , but he says that long walk to his car has provided some added benefits . "  It does n't encourage me to quit , but it does encourage me to cut back some . " That 's welcome news for some of his nonsmoking classmates . "  I 'm not forced to be around all of the smokers , " says freshman Matthew Bradford , 19 . "  I 'm not breathing it in all of the time , and it 's nice to get some fresh air when you get out of class . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	American Cancer Society : Trend of smoke-free colleges is growing Nearly 60 U.S. colleges have smoke-free policies that affect entire campus Cancer society : U.S. smoking prevalence highest among people ages 18-24
CNN  -- Casey Anthony must serve a year of probation after being convicted on check fraud charges , a Florida appeals court ruled Tuesday . Anthony can not "  take advantage " of an administrative error to avoid serving the 2010 sentence , the appeals court ruled . The Fifth District Court of Appeal 's ruling comes a day after Florida 's attorney general filed a motion in the case . Attorney General Pamela Bondi argued that a clerical error should not prevent Anthony from abiding by a judge 's verbal order . Anthony "  and her lawyers were well aware that her probationary placement was not to begin until her release from confinement , " the appeals court ruling said . Anthony has been in seclusion since her July acquittal on murder charges in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , and her subsequent release from jail . Anthony was convicted of felony check fraud for stealing a checkbook from a friend and writing five checks for $ 644.25 . A judge sentenced her in that case in January 2010 . Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. ruled earlier this month that she had to report for probation on the bad-check charge by Friday . The attorney general 's office wrote that Anthony "  upon her release  July 17  , should have reported " for probation -- something she did not do . Anthony 's probation order requires her to live in Orange County , Florida , unless the probation office allows her to leave . She has received no such approval , a corrections department spokeswoman has said . But Anthony 's attorneys have argued repeatedly that Anthony should not have to return to serve her probation in Florida . In an emergency petition filed on Wednesday with the same appeals court , Anthony 's defense team asked that the court overturn Perry 's order before the required date . They also asked the appellate court to strip Perry of further jurisdiction in the case . Orange County Circuit Judge Stan Strickland had earlier ordered Anthony to serve a year of probation after her release in the charges involving her daughter , but a clerk misunderstood the judge and prepared an order that the judge later signed , instructing that Anthony would serve the probation while in custody awaiting trial . The order was updated August 1 to add the words "  upon release . " But Anthony 's lawyers contended that she could n't be required to serve probation , arguing that she had already served it while in custody under a signed order from Strickland . Serving the sentence now would violate constitutional protections against having to serve a sentence twice for the same offense , they argued . Perry ruled earlier this month that Strickland 's verbal order was binding -- a ruling the appeals court upheld Tuesday .	Appeals court : Casey Anthony ca n't "  take advantage " of an administrative error The ruling comes a day after a motion from Florida 's attorney general Anthony 's lawyers argued she should n't serve probation on check fraud charges A document states she 'd serve that probation in prison , despite what a judge said
"  This is a student at Sparks Middle School . Can you please send police out here ? There 's a kid with a gun . " "  Somebody brought a gun to school . They shot a teacher . " "  I got a kid down who 's been shot . " As police tried to piece together how and why a seventh-grader shot and killed a teacher and wounded two other students at his Nevada school , recordings of the first calls to police captured the horror and chaos he unleashed . The 12-year-old boy , whose name has not been released , began by shooting a fellow student in the shoulder , police said Tuesday . Then he turned his gun on math teacher Mike Landsberry before shooting a second student in the abdomen , Washoe County School District Police Chief Mike Mieras said . After that , he shot himself to death with his pistol , which Sparks Deputy Police Chief Tom Miller identified as a Ruger 9mm semiautomatic . "  We got a guy with a gun . He 's down from a head shot wound . Could be our shooter , " one of the responding officers is heard telling dispatchers on the 911 calls . "  He 's out there on the basketball court . " Landsberry walked toward the shooter on a playground basketball court after the first student was hit , saving lives , according to authorities . "  Mr. Landsberry 's heroic actions , by stepping toward the shooter , allowed time for other students in the playground area to flee , " Mieras said . Despite previous reports indicating the two wounded students had been shot inside the school building , all the shots were fired outside , police said . Miller , who said earlier on CNN 's "  New Day " that it was n't yet clear if the boy was targeting specific people , declined to identify the boy out of respect for his family . "  They are grieving parents and are going through " a challenging , difficult time , Miller said . ' I think he took out his bullying ' Authorities have n't said why they believe the boy opened fire . Many have speculated that bullying might have played a role , 13-year-old Kyle Nucum told CNN 's "  The Lead . " That could be the case , said Nucum , a student at Sparks Middle School who did n't know the shooter but ran for cover after seeing him shoot Landsberry . As he fled , he heard the shooter shouting . "  He was yelling a bunch of things while we were running , " Nucum said . "  He was yelling stuff like , ` Why are you laughing at me ? Why are you doing this to me ? ' " Before Monday morning , the boy seemed like the antithesis of a school shooter . "  He was really a nice kid , " schoolmate Amaya Newton said . "  He would make you smile when you were having a bad day . " But for whatever reason , the boy took his parents ' handgun to school , a federal law enforcement source said . Miller said Tuesday that authorities are n't positive where the gun came from , but believe it belonged to the boy 's parents . Amaya said she thought the two wounded students were friends of the shooter . They were in stable condition with non-life-threatening injuries Monday night , Miller said . Authorities have not released the wounded boys ' names . Investigators have n't determined what prompted the shooting . Miller said only that police are exploring all avenues . Amaya said she "  saw him getting bullied a couple of times , and I think he took out his bullying . " Surviving Afghanistan , but not school The teacher who died , Mike Landsberry , appeared to be trying to stop the incident when he was shot dead , Miller said Tuesday . "  It almost appears like he tried to talk him down , " he said . Slain Nevada teacher ` put his life on the line ' True to his character , the former Marine , a popular math teacher at Sparks Middle School , rushed to help others when the shots erupted . "  That was the kind of person that Michael was , " said his brother , Reggie Landsberry . "  He was the kind of person that if somebody needed help , he would be there . " Landsberry was an Alabama native who graduated from high school in Reno , next door to Sparks , in 1986 . After his stint in the Marine Corps , he got an education degree from the University of Nevada in Reno . He joined the Air National Guard in 2001 , rising to the rank of master sergeant and serving as a cargo specialist in Kuwait and Afghanistan , the Guard said . A Facebook memorial page for the teacher had more than 10,000 "  likes " by early Tuesday . Thousands more honored him on a "  Rest Easy Mr. Landsberry " page . Teacher killed in Nevada school shooting was ` good all-around guy ' Returning to a national debate The Nevada shooting comes almost a year after a gunman killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , igniting a nationwide debate over gun violence and school safety . Since the Newtown shootings last December , proposed school security plans across the country have included arming teachers , adding armed security guards and bringing in bulletproof backpacks and white boards . Some teachers have started taking self-defense and combat classes in case a shooter enters their school . One class teaches how to escape or take cover but focuses most of its four hours on how to fight and disarm an attacker -- something few educators have ever considered how to do . Meanwhile , reports of school violence have continued . Last week , a student at an Austin , Texas , high school killed himself in front of other students . In August , a student at a high school in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , shot and wounded another student in the neck . Another shooting took place at an Atlanta-area middle school in January , though no one was hit . That same month , a California high school student wounded two people , one seriously . Teachers train to face school shooters The mother of a student killed in Newtown said Monday 's shooting reinforces the need to find solutions to keep students safe . "  The unthinkable has happened yet again , this time in Sparks , Nevada , " Nicole Hockley said in a written statement . "  It 's moments like this that demand that we unite as parents to find common sense solutions that keep our children -- all children -- safe , and prevent these tragedies from happening again and again . " But what those solutions are will remain fuel for ongoing debate .	Witness : Shooter yelled , "  Why are you laughing at me ? " "  There 's a kid with a gun , " student tells 911 dispatchers Slain teacher served in Kuwait and Afghanistan with the Air National Guard The two wounded students were in stable condition with non-life-threatening wounds , police say
Berkeley , California  CNN  -- At some point , the "  rush to rehab , " reached the ridiculous . Does a week pass without some celebrity , politician or famous athlete heading to a rehabilitation treatment center ? And often with the cameras rolling . Rehab is getting a bad name from this , and I worry that this will rub off on our perceptions of the average alcoholic or drug addict who works hard to stay clean and sober , takes responsibility for his or her actions -- and knows that there is still work to do after the first 30 days . Doubt it ? Then how to explain the cynical jokes on late-night TV , the tearful confessions from the talk-show couch , or this : "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew , " a VH1 reality show that features famous or almost famous people in treatment for addiction or behavioral issues . The cases of Lindsay Lohan  in and out of rehab ; now off to jail  and Mel Gibson  reportedly in therapy after the release of the alleged tirade tapes  are just the most recent examples of a high-profile practice in vogue since the 1980s , when Betty Ford opened her famous center in Rancho Mirage , California . The celebrities followed . Of course , there are famous people who benefit greatly from a stay in treatment , who do it privately and with sincere purpose . But it 's common , too common , to see the well-known on TV , after completing a 30 - or 45-day program , proclaim themselves "  saved , " only to show up on TMZ the next week partying or running people over with their cars . This "  rehab-abuse "  used maybe to wait out a public relations storm after bad behavior , or draw attention to a stalled career ?  devalues and trivializes the very real , very unglamorous struggle of pulling free of addiction and making amends for harmful behavior . More than others , the famous have a responsibility to treat the process with respect . As a former drug and alcohol abuser  clean and sober for more than 26 years  , I know something about the work that goes into transforming a life . One of the first things I learned in Narcotics Anonymous and Alcoholics Anonymous was that alcoholism and drug addiction are not excuses for injuring yourself or others . Part of recovery is making a list of people you 've harmed , making amends to them personally and accepting the consequences of your past actions . I did n't make an announcement to the world and I still do n't think I have all the answers , but I came out of it knowing a lot more . I also learned that I need to have a connection to something greater than myself , which to me is a higher power that I call God . Like other recovering substance abusers , I know I 'm not the center of the world and life does n't start and end with me . I 've found that people who stay clean and sober the longest have some kind of spiritual belief , whether it 's God , life force , universal energy or a sense of oneness with the world . They also realize that amends and apologies have to mean something and indicate a change in actions and thought processes . "  Apologies by proxy " -- when celebrities  or noncelebrities , for that matter  make inappropriate , racist remarks , then apologize to well-known people from the group targeted by the comment -- just do n't cut it . Entering treatment for addiction means you get treatment for your addiction . Any other changes you make are up to you . That also means that a racist alcoholic who gets treated for alcoholism can still be a sober racist , anti-Semite , homophobe or engage in inappropriate behavior . Someone who spews hateful prejudices can stay in rehab forever , but unless he has some education , time for self-examination and the willingness to get to see people from diverse backgrounds as human beings and understand their lives and experiences , he 'll be the same . The media could stem this perverse fascination by remembering the young people  and older people , too  struggling with substance abuse who see "  role models " regress on national TV and feel hopeless for their own chance for recovery . What else can they think but , "  What 's the use ? If they ca n't stay clean with so many people helping , how can I ? " In the last 26 years , I 've experienced the death of my parents , the death of my partner of 18 years and a new life as a single parent . I was hospitalized and came close to death . I was run over and could n't work for a year . I did n't use drugs or alcohol as a way to deal with these experiences . Life happens to everyone . Let 's stop glamorizing these celebrity addicts and adding to their out-of-control drama . Let 's get real about their addictions and the impact on their families . Let 's discuss solutions , and all the options for help . Let 's sensationalize being clean and sober . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simma Lieberman .	Simma Lieberman says it 's routine to see celebrities very publicly checking into rehab This trivializes the hard work of rehab , she says , makes it fodder for late-night gags and reality TV When celebs lapse , seem not to take treatment seriously , she says , it sends harmful message Lieberman : Let 's stop feeding fascination ; get serious about addiction 's costs , responsibilities
CNN  Everybody loves a good comeback story -- especially one that 's dino-sized . After its name was booted from science books for more than a century , a new study suggests that the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera , and therefore deserves its own name . O.C. Marsh first named the Brontosaurus in 1879 , after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at Como Bluff , Wyoming , according to the Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History . Similar to , though not as large as the Apatosaurus discovered a couple of years prior , Marsh named the dinosaur , "  Brontosaurus , " or "  thunder lizard . " Apatosaurus had three sacral vertebrae in its hip region and Brontosaurus had five , according to the museum 's website , so Marsh gave the dinosaurs two different names . Later it was discovered that the number of sacral vertebrae is related to age : as the animal gets older , two of the vertebrae fuse to the sacrum . Paleontologist Elmer Riggs concluded in 1903 that the Brontosaurus was really a young Apatosaurus , and therefore must go by that name , according to the museum . Emanuel Tschopp , a paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon , Portugal , led this latest study , which took five years and included visits to 20 museums in Europe and the United States to collect data . By examining "  500 anatomical traits , " Tschopp said he was able to "  reconstruct the family tree " of Diplodocids -- the family Apatosaurus and Brontosaurus belong to . Tschopp "  looked at every single specimen , " according to Jacques Gauthier , curator of vertebrate paleontology at Yale Peabody Museum and "  noted their characteristics , " plugging data into an algorithm that revealed "  five species in the group of Diplodocids . " Two of them are Brontosaurus-like and three are Apatosaurus-like , Gauthier said . While his findings have earned the excitement of Brontosaurus fans everywhere , Tschopp said he is "  expecting a debate about the case of Brontosaurus . " "  We think we have good evidence , " he said , "  But I know there are other research groups that do not completely agree . " For Gauthier , Tschopp 's discovery means changes are coming to the original Brontosaurus skeleton that has lived at the Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History since 1936 . "  We 're definitely going to have to change the label , " he said .	Scientist : Fossils once renamed should again be classified as Brontosaurus Study took five years and involved visits to 20 museums worldwide
CNN  -- In an interview with Oprah Winfrey , Lance Armstrong has admitted using performance-enhancing drugs while cycling . He 's already been stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and this week had to give back his Olympic bronze medal . But he still must face judgment from a different group of fans : those who have personal experience with cancer . Armstrong , founder of the cancer charity Livestrong and a survivor of testicular cancer , is still a hero to some cancer survivors . But others express a mix of emotions and are trying to distance their support of his cancer efforts from their anger about his cheating . What did you think of the interview ? Bob Denton , 64 , of Tucson , Arizona , said he was surprised that the disgraced cyclist appeared , in his view , "  honest but insincere " in his apology in the interview , as if "  whatever he was admitting was for his own benefit . " But Denton does n't hold that , or the doping , against Armstrong . In Denton 's mind , Armstrong is still a winner . "  Really , compared to the life and death issues of cancer that Lance has embraced , cheating in the Tour is small potatoes , " Denton said in an e-mail . Denton , who cycles as a hobby , has worn a Livestrong wristband every day since 2004 , even at business meetings . He sent an iReport to CNN.com about it , too . He had known Armstrong only in the context of cycling before getting a wristband at a 100-mile bike ride in Florida , which prompted him to research Armstrong 's battle with cancer . At that time , he saw the wristband as a symbol of "  Lance 's total victory over adversity . " "  When I would be exhausted trying to keep up with the pace line , I 'd look down at that yellow band and get my second wind , " Denton said . The wristband took on a different meaning when Denton developed a cancerous tumor at the base of his tongue in 2009 . Then , the wristband became an inspiration for him to overcome the illness . "  Every time the treatments became intolerable , and I felt like my life was over , I 'd see that yellow band and it gave me hope that I too would be back on my bike , " Denton said . Denton 's last treatment was in September 2009 , and he has been in remission ever since . These days , he still cycles about 2,000 miles a year . Armstrong 's cheating in cycling also has n't tarnished his image as a source of inspiration for Amy Wadsworth , who found out she had breast cancer at age 29 . She feels grateful for all that Armstrong has done for the cancer community , and appreciates that Livestrong had offered to help her pay for egg preservation because cancer and treatment for it could have impaired her fertility .  She ended up not doing the preservation , but is glad she had the option . "  I think we should accept his apology and move  on  because what he has done to help people with cancer definitely out weighs the ` bad . ' He did n't give up when he was  stared  in the face with cancer , " Wadsworth said of Armstrong . "  He kept going and encouraged many other survivors to the same . " Breast cancer awareness : Not so pretty pink Other cancer survivors , however , are n't so quick to forgive . Caden Brody , 49 , a two-time cancer survivor who also lost his brother to leukemia , said in an e-mail that he does not believe Armstrong is "  an evil man , " but in a comment on a recent CNN.com story he harshly criticized Armstrong 's behavior : "  We can not deny he raised a lot of awareness and money for cancer . As a survivor I commend that , " Brody wrote . "  Unfortunately , he undid everything , in many ways , by his sociopathic need to bully , win , play mind games , and he used cancer as a cloak to cover his sins . If he 'd confessed ages ago in true remorse ? We 're a pretty forgiving people . But this is a forced , ' I still want to compete in something so I better apologize ' thing . " CNN.com user "  jackiero " had an even more scathing view of Armstrong , posted in the comments on a recent story : "  As an avid cyclist and a cancer survivor who used cycling to aid in my recovery , I am disgusted by this man , " jackiero wrote . "  I threw away all my  Livestrong  gear not because I do n't support the cure -- of course I do -- but because I support the cure without the taint of a cheater like Armstrong . He was an inspiration until I learned that he was just like all the other chemically induced sports stars who rake in millions and millions . " Livestrong likely to survive Armstrong doping admission Bruce Ross , 64 , of Ajijic , Mexico , near Guadalajara , is also dealing with his mixed feelings about Livestrong and Armstrong . Ross has worn his two Livestrong bracelets , one for each time he had cancer , every day since his second surgery in 2006 . He gives Livestrong cancer guidebooks to patients he meets who have been newly diagnosed , but has separated his feelings about the foundation from Armstrong . "  When people ask me about Lance , I try to leave him out of the conversation if I can discuss Livestrong in the answer , " he said in an e-mail . "  For me , the last year has been all about the foundation . " Armstrong 's actions have also changed the way some family members of cancer survivors view him . Susan Moberg Hopkins of Seattle , who submitted an iReport about her family , still supports Livestrong , but has a cynical view toward Armstrong . Hopkins ' family contacted Livestrong after her late husband , Marty , found out he had a brain tumor , and she said the staff there was very responsive . Marty was a big fan of Armstrong , and the Hopkins used the cyclist as a way of explaining to her children , who were 12 and 17 , that it 's possible to recover from cancer and accomplish many things . "  You look for role models , you look for people that help get you through things , and I would say Lance did that , " she said Friday . Armstrong is less of a role model now , she said , because he lied about what he did to get ahead in cycling . The Livestrong bracelets , she believes , are "  tainted " by Armstrong . He affected people "  in a way that is far more significant than a bike race , " she said . "  It 's about life and death . I do n't know if he will ever be able to say he 's really sorry . " CNN 's Henry Hanks and Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	Lance Armstrong is still an inspiration for some cancer survivors Others are angry at Armstrong but still support his Livestrong foundation Some say Livestrong wristbands are "  tainted " by Armstrong
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Four members of a group of 31 North Koreans who accidentally crossed over into South Korean waters on a fishing boat , have decided to defect to the South , despite Pyongyang 's demands that they all be repatriated to the North , the South Korean Red Cross said . The defection of the four North Koreans could spark tensions on the peninsula , where joint U.S.-South Korea military drills have kicked off this week . North Korea had threatened to engulf Seoul in a "  sea of flames , " a day before the opening of the exercise . The South will return the remaining 27 members of the group through Panmunjom , a truce village on the ground border between the two sides , and send the fishing boat back through the waters in the West Sea on Friday , the Red Cross said . South Korea 's intelligence agency questioned the North Koreans for almost a month since they crossed over in February before deciding to release the group , the aid agency said . There are currently more than 20,000 North Korean defectors in South Korea , according to the South 's Unification Ministry . The number of annual defectors has risen dramatically since the turn of the century and continues to climb . Defectors who are forcefully repatriated to the North after attempting to cross over into third countries such as China , Mongolia or Southeast Asia are commonly sent to prison camps as a punishment . Many defectors who live in South Korea fear for the lives of their family or relatives who remain in the North .	A boat with a crew of 31 crosses into South Korean waters , the Red Cross says Four of the fishermen decide to stay in the South The number of defections has risen dramatically in the past decade
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A restaurateur has gone to great lengths to tackle the spread of the H1N1 virus in his eatery , including taking staff 's temperatures before they start work and preventing them from touching plates directly . Kitchen staff at Silk and Soya restaurant in Spain wear face masks and gloves while preparing food . Silk and Soya , a Thai-themed restaurant in Madrid , Spain , implemented the measures to prevent the spread of the H1N1 virus , also known as swine flu , in the upscale locale . "  We implemented these measures so that our employees would serve only food , not a virus , " restaurant owner Cipri Quintas told CNN . As well as employees having their temperatures taken before starting their shifts , windows are opened to aerate the restaurant before meals . Each table is set at least one meter -- 3.2 feet -- from any other table . Any member of the kitchen staff involved in food preparation must wear a mask and gloves , and waiters are required to hold napkins when carrying plates to avoid touching them directly with their hands . Upon entering the elevators leading to the top-floor restaurant , customers find an automatic disinfectant gel dispenser . At each table , diners find a packet of gel next to their silverware . The restaurant 's restroom doors are propped open , the lights turn on automatically and the faucets are hands-free -- measures intended to keep customers from having to touch surfaces after they 've washed their hands . Similar initiatives are under way around the world . Last spring , during the peak of the scare in Mexico City , restaurants were closed for 12 days . When the restaurants reopened , the government ordered owners to put extra space between the tables and not to allow more than half of seats to be filled at any given time ; cooks and waiters were mandated to wear surgical masks . The World Health Organization 's Web site states that hand-washing is one of the best ways to prevent infection and provides instructions with drawings that can be printed and posted in public places , such as restaurants . Silk and Soya 's Quintas started his anti-H1N1 measures in August and has already proved popular with some customers . Simona Savin , who was having lunch , told CNN , "  These are measures you do n't see everywhere . Here you have everything . They are great because there 's a need for hygiene . " Another diner , swimming coach Fernando Barea , said , "  We came to the restaurant because we heard good things about it and I wanted to see these measures against the H1N1 flu . These measures should be used by other restaurants . " Quintas predicted they soon will be . "  People from other businesses like hotels and theaters have called us asking , ` What have you done ? Can we come see your setup ? ' There 's been a big response , " said Quintas . He insisted that his goal is not solely to garner publicity , but to protect his customers and staff -- a responsibility , he said , that the business community at large should undertake . One expert on the disease applauded the efforts and recommended they be broadened . "  They should implement them every winter against all respiratory diseases , " said Dr. Tom Jefferson , a medical epidemiologist with the Cochrane Collaboration . The international organization reviews health care interventions and "  promotes the search for evidence in the form of clinical trials and other studies of interventions , " according to its Web site . As of September 13 , the WHO had tallied more than 296,000 cases worldwide , 3,486 of them fatal .	Thai-themed restaurant in Madrid implements anti H1N1 flu measures Employees have their temperatures taken , windows are opened , gel provided Restaurant owner says there is "  a big response " from other owners
CNN  -- Ten days after a radiation leak was reported at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant outside Carlsbad , New Mexico , tests on samples collected from numerous areas in the plant found "  slightly elevated " levels of airborne radioactivity , the U.S. Department of Energy said . "  These concentrations remain well below a level of public or environmental hazard , " the department said Monday in a news release . The leak was reported on February 14 , and the samples were collected on February 17 and 18 . Dose assessment modeling of the leak "  showed a potential dose of less than one millirem at each of the environmental sampling locations , " about a tenth the amount a person would receive from a chest X-ray , the release said . "  The average person living in the United States receives an annual dose of about 620 millirem from exposure to naturally occurring and other sources of radiation , " it said . According to its website , WIPP "  safely disposes " of the nation 's defense-related radioactive waste . Waste shipped to WIPP , which is 26 miles outside of Carlsbad , is "  permanently " disposed of in rooms mined out of a salt formation 2,150 feet  0.4 miles  below the surface of the desert . The waste generally consists of clothing , tools , equipment , sludge , soil or other materials contaminated with man-made radioactive elements that are heavier than uranium . An alarm late on February 14 indicated higher than usual levels of airborne radiation and led to a first-of-its-kind response since the nuclear disposal facility began accepting waste in 1999 . An air monitor at the plant detected the spike in an isolated area below ground , which prompted the shutoff of filtered air from the facility into the environment around it . "  This is the first time we had to close off air filtered by the facility to the outside , " Energy Department spokesman Gregory Sahd told CNN last week . The radiation was first detected at 11:30 p.m. , according to Sahd . He said the facility 's ventilation system , which monitors air quality , automatically switched to "  filtration mode " when the leak was discovered . Because of the location of the incident , Sahd said , there was little risk to employees . Those who were inside the above-ground area of the facility were quarantined until radiological control technicians cleared them to go home . "  No one was underground when the alarm went off , " Sahd said . "  And everyone that was in the facility  at the time  , we know where they are and we 've tested them . " CNN 's Brian McBride and Mary Grace Lucas contributed to this report .	Department of Energy releases data after a February 14 leak at the plant outside Carlsbad The incident occurred about four-tenths of a mile below the surface of the ground DOE : "  Concentrations remain well below a level of public or environmental hazard "
CNN  -- Jason Collins is a big , end-of-bench bruiser who can harangue opposing centers . And he 's gay . Only one of those things matters -- at least publicly -- to NBA teams that might be considering his services for the 2013-14 season after his highly publicized coming out on Monday . "  He 's a weird player in a sense , " said Michael Lee , who covers the Wizards , Collins ' latest career stop , for The Washington Post . "  He 's nothing spectacular , never stood out , but he 's still an effective player in terms of what he does . " That rÃ © sumÃ © includes physical defense and an ability to bang in the paint with imposing big men like Dwight Howard and Brook Lopez , as well as a willingness to dish out all six of his fouls , Lee said . It includes a strong basketball IQ , a team mentality and a few other intangibles , such as the ability to set screens . "  I 've had players tell me , ` When he comes to set a screen , you 're going to get open , ' " Lee said . Opinion : Here 's to Collins -- and the NBA What it does not include is the ability to fill up a stat sheet . Over 12 seasons , he has a career average of 3.6 points per game , and he has n't averaged more than 2 points a games since his 2006-07 season as a New Jersey Net . Many 7-footers who fill the lane are known for their blocking or rebounding ability , but despite being taken in the first round of the 2001 draft , out of Stanford , Collins has never averaged more than 6.1 rebounds a game  during the 2004-05 season at that  , and he 's never been a prodigious shot blocker . There 's been much talk about what it means for basketball and the LGBT community if he 's not signed after coming out , but Lee said he feels that teams will be more concerned with his 35th birthday coming in December and that he appeared in only six games , averaging 10 minutes per outing , for the Wizards . He 'll also command almost $ 1.4 million , the NBA minimum salary for a player with 10 or more years in the league . "  That will go against him more than sexual orientation , " Lee said . Lance Bass gave Collins advice on coming out That 's not to say that there is n't a place for him in the NBA . Even if he is n't picked up ahead of next season , a team may seek his services as injuries pile up and the February trade deadline nears . Von DuBose , an Atlanta-based attorney and NFL contract negotiator who has represented NBA players in off-the-court matters , likens Collins to Marcus Camby or Juwan Howard , a fraternity of "  bigger post guys who do n't rely on their quicks or perimeter play to survive . " Sure , Camby and Howard had more impressive career stats , but as they 've grown older -- Camby is 39 , Howard 40 -- they 've settled into more utilitarian roles , coming off the bench for a few minutes a game . While most of the reaction to Collins ' announcement has been positive , DuBose said it 's possible his sexual orientation could affect his future , especially if an NBA general manager feels his team is too immature to handle the addition of the league 's first openly gay player . "  That GM , without divulging publicly that he had considered it , may go in a different direction , " DuBose said . Collins needs to go to a team with solid structure and an assertive coach and GM , Lee said . A cast of veterans will also help , as older players are more likely to be focused on winning than on whining about a teammate being gay . "  It 'll probably have to be a veteran team that just needs a piece at the end of its bench , " Lee said . While it 's unclear , despite the myriad messages of support , what will happen if and when Collins next steps into a locker room , Lee said Collins has garnered a lot of good will , credibility and respect during his dozen years in the league . He 's a leader , and his teammates have always liked him , he said . On the flip side of that equation , Lee and DuBose do n't foresee a team picking up Collins because he 's gay , as that would immediately devalue him among his teammates . Brazile : But can the dude play ? "  I do n't think people were tuning in to see Jason Collins play , " DuBose said . "  They may never see him play anyway . He 's probably not going to get a ton of minutes . " For the moment , though , Collins is the subject of intense attention that has nothing to do with his basketball prowess . "  He 's in the process of taking ownership over the here and now , which is actually coming out , " Carolyn Moos , a Stanford grad and former WNBA player who dated Collins for eight years , told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Tuesday night . "  And that can be very , I assume , overwhelming . " Moos says it will be a process , much like it was for her after Collins called off their 2009 engagement and upon learning -- in calls he made to her starting this past weekend -- that her longtime love , with whom she 'd planned a marriage and a family , was gay . "  I hope  it  is a natural progression for him , " Moos said , as he becomes more comfortable with himself . I think time will allow more perspective on it as well . " Collins newfound stature in the gay rights movement , and the public eye , may open the door to some opportunities , such as off-the-court lessons on inclusiveness , DuBose said . Spike Lee slams the Collins hate machine But he did n't see how that would translate into additional revenue . Wizards spokesman Scott Hall said that while every jersey the club sold Monday had Collins ' name on it , "  it was not a large amount . " "  I think it would be a terrible move to try to sign him for financial gain or rating , " Lee said . "  He has too much respect for himself to be used for something other than what he is , which is a basketball player . " At least one NBA executive , Golden State Warriors President and COO Rick Welts , who in 2011 became the first openly gay American sports executive , said he does n't think Collins ' announcement will have any effect on him being signed for the 2013-14 season . "  I think whatever percentage chance Jason had of being on an NBA roster when he woke up yesterday is probably identical this morning , " he said . "  Actually , I 'll take that back . ... If he was 7 feet tall yesterday morning , my guess is with the weight that was lifted off his shoulders yesterday , he is probably 7 ' 2 " , so that might improve his chances . " Obama ` could n't be prouder ' of Jason Collins	NEW : "  Taking ownership over the here and now " is Collins ' current focus , ex-fiancee says Despite age and ho-hum career stats , Jason Collins ' defense , intangibles could draw interest Reporter , contract specialist : If teams do n't sign him because he 's gay , it wo n't be made public Lack of playing time , $ 1.4 million minimum salary could work against 7-foot , 12-year veteran
CNN  -- Japanese fishermen have taken the offensive in their fight against the owner of the stricken Fukushima Daiichi power plant , angrily calling the utility 's actions insulting , incompetent and "  unforgivable " over the course of the weeks-long nuclear crisis . The National Fishery Corporative Joint Association , a trade group for Japan 's fishing industry , issued a scathing statement on Wednesday just hours after meeting with officials from the Tokyo Electric Power Company , which runs the crippled plant . In it , the group demanded that the utility and Japanese government "  compensate all parties  that have  indirectly or directly suffered " as a result of the situation . "  Tokyo Electric has not been capable of understanding the damage at the plant and  contaminated  water . That led to this serious situation , " the group said in the statement . "  Tokyo Electric and the government  share  responsibility for this situation . It is unforgivable , " the message continues . "  All those who are living and sustaining their lives on the sea are feeling strong rage against  the utility and the government 's  irresponsible behavior . " Members of the fishing group said they are particularly angry about the decision made and enacted Monday to dump 11,500 tons of radioactive water into the Pacific Ocean . This happened just hours after the group specifically requested it not be done -- leaving its members feeling ignored . Besides that complaint , fishery association representatives blasted Tokyo Electric 's claim that nuclear power plants were safe and that such accidents would never happen . An official from the utility company said Tokyo Electric officials offered apologies and vowed to improve the situation . This was shortly after they confirmed , early Wednesday , that one leak outside the No. 2 reactor , through which water that had radiation levels millions of times the legal limit , was rushing into the sea . Mincing no words , the fishing industry demanded as much -- saying that stopping leaks of contaminated water into the sea was needed "  to prevent the death of the fishing industry . " "  We demand that Tokyo Electric and the government react to all the problems provoked by this outrageous decision  to dump radioactive water in the sea  and flush out highly contaminated water " now in the ocean , the association said in its statement said . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano on Wednesday apologized for how the government had communicated why the dump of radioactive water was necessary . He explained that it contained 1/200 ,000 ths the level of radiation as that in and around the No. 2 reactor , one of six at the nuclear plant , and that authorities decided to clear out the less radioactive liquid in order to make room in a waste water treatment facility . "  So it was a measure to prevent more serious marine contamination , " the Japanese official said . "  But we needed to explain the reasoning better to the people  impacted by it  . " Whatever the radiation level , Timothy Jorgensen , chair of the radiation safety committee at Georgetown University Medical Center , explained that this dumped water should quickly dilute considering it is equivalent to dumping five swimming pools worth of water into a Pacific Ocean that has roughly "  300 trillion swimming pools full of water . " Still , Japanese authorities have noted higher-than-normal radiation levels in some young eels . And in addition to its impact on aquatic life directly , some fear the mere possibility of radiation in seafood may deter consumers domestically and abroad from eating products that originated in waters off Japan . Citing such "  rumors , " Edano said Tuesday that authorities will step up the monitoring of radiation in seafood , partly in a bid to assure the public that whatever gets on the market is safe . The new Japanese government standards will rely upon enforcement by city and town health inspectors , not those with the prefectures , according to Edano . As with milk and vegetables , certain fish can be removed from the restricted list if levels of radiation come in below the legal limits for three weeks in a row . As to the fishermen themselves , the Cabinet minister said Wednesday that , in addition to a larger compensation package to be decided upon later , the government is considering a preemptive payout . Similar payments will likely go to farmers , who have been explicitly affected by the nuclear crisis much longer than those in the fishing industry . Japan first imposed restrictions on the sale and distribution of milk and certain vegetables , like spinach , on March 20 -- more than two weeks before Edano announced Tuesday that radiation levels would similarly be regulated in seafood . One scientist , whose institute will start conducting research next month tracking radiation off Japan , said it 's likely that such levels in fish will increase for six months -- as the contamination gets in the food supply -- then gradually go down over two or more years . Still , given the standards now being set , he thinks people should feel comfortable eating seafood from Japan . "  The current regulations are quite reasonable , " said Jin Misonou , a research fellow for the Tokyo-based Marine Ecology Research Institute . "  So , of course , please eat fish . It is good to revive the fishing industry . " CNN 's Kyung Lah and journalists Hiroo Saso and Gen Shimada contributed to this report .	Members of Japan 's fishery association met Wednesday with Tokyo Electric officials They say the utility ignored their pleas not to dump tons of radioactive water at sea The group cites "  rage " among fishermen for what it called "  irresponsible behavior " A Japanese official says fishermen will get money for suffering due to to nuclear crisis
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Singer Aaron Carter filed a bankruptcy petition to shed more than $ 2 million in debt , mostly taxes owed from when he was making tons of money as a teen sensation . "  This is not a negative thing , " Carter publicist Steve Honig told CNN . "  It 's actually very positive . It 's him doing what he needs to do to move forward . " The U.S. government is Carter 's biggest creditor , according to the petition . He owes the Internal Revenue Service $ 1.3 million in back taxes from his income in 2003 , when Carter was just 16 . "  The bulk of the debt is from over 10 years ago when he was a minor and not in control of his finances , " Honig said . "  This has happened to a lot of people who had fame at such at a very early age . " Carter is left with very little to show for his early success , according to his bankruptcy petition . He had just $ 60 cash in his wallet and $ 917 in his checking account when he signed the petition last month . His bank savings account held just $ 5 . His personal property includes a 61-inch flat screen TV and his cell phone , all valued at just $ 500 . He does wear a $ 3,750 Breitling watch . Clothing , two laptops , a guitar and a Louis Vuitton backpack put his fortune at just $ 8,200 . Carter owns the publishing rights to the songs he wrote -- "  Saturday Night " and "  One Better " -- but he does n't currently get any royalties from them , the filing said . Still , Carter is going "  in the right direction " and "  really working his ass off , " Honig said . He acted in more than 400 performances in the off-Broadway cast of "  The Fantasticks " last year . He 's currently on a 75-city tour of the United States , but the petition said he 's only earning about $ 2,000 a month for those performances . That money ends when the tour ends in December . Carter 's expenses are just $ 2,000 a month since he 's living with a relative in Port Richey , Florida , when he 's not on the road , it said . He dealt with substance-abuse issues , but Carter 's been "  completely clean of quite some time , " Honig said . He spent time in drug rehab two years ago . Carter 's "  really gotten his act together and is really doing well , " his publicist said .	"  The bulk of the debt is from over 10 years ago when he was a minor , " publicist says Carter owes the IRS more than $ 1.3 million from when he was 16 The singer makes just $ 2,000 a month touring , court document says He has $ 60 in his wallet and $ 917 in a checking account , filing says
Gaza  CNN  -- When Jwdat Abu Ghrb spotted a dark shape last summer in the waters off Gaza , where he was diving for fish , he initially thought it was a corpse . "  I was afraid , " he told CNN . "  I put on my goggles , dove underneath and still could n't tell what it was . I resurfaced and got some help from other people and family members and came back , and after full four hours of trying we managed to get it out of the water and I was shocked by what I found . " It was a life-size bronze statue , believed to be a 2,500-year-old depiction of the ancient Greek god Apollo . He described the half-ton object as "  treasure pulled out of the sea . " "  I thought it was made of gold ; I was going to be rich , " Ghrb said . "  So I took it home to hide it . " But then others got involved . A local armed brigade took control of the statue , and someone listed it for sale on the online auction site eBay , with a starting price of about $ 500,000 , according to authorities . The posting raised suspicions among officials in the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities and the Interior Ministry in Gaza , which is governed by the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas . The antiquities authority and the Interior Ministry opened an investigation into what they said they suspected was an illegal attempt to sell the work of art . "  It is against the law to sell an artifact found in the Palestinian territories and Gaza in an illegal manner , " Ahmad Al-Burch , head of the antiquities department at the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities in Gaza , told CNN . He said the case was being handled by the Ministry of the Interior , while the antiquities authority looks after the statue . Authorities there asked that the statue , as a historical artifact found in Gaza , be handed over ; they have hidden it from public view . But in a Gaza gold store , a man who displayed video of the statue told CNN that he has custody of it and that it is in safe hands , but -- if someone wants to buy it -- that would be possible . Government officials promise that the statue will not be sold and that they will start restoration and display it after an investigation into its discovery is completed . "  We are not denying that the statue was found in the sea -- as a matter of fact , that is a very authentic and real story , " Al-Burch said . A green spot -- a sign of decay -- has formed on the leg of the statue , which is exposed to the air . "  We are trying to preserve the statue to show it for the public in the near future . " He said the antiquities authority was working on a plan for the statue to be displayed in world-class museums around the world . Museum authorities in Geneva , Switzerland , have offered to help repair and preserve the statue , and plan for its eventual display in Gaza , he said . For Ghrb and his family , the discovery seems unlikely to land them the financial security they had hoped for with a sale . They are instead hoping to net a reward for the find , which has excited archaeologists around the world . CNN 's Kareem Khadder in Jerusalem and Laura Smith-Spark in London contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Treasure pulled out of the sea " Fisherman Jwdat Abu Ghrb says he discovered the statue off Gaza The statue appeared on eBay with a starting price of $ 500,000 , authorities say
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored his second hat-trick in successive matches to help Real Madrid thrash city neighbors Getafe 4-0 on Tuesday and keep alive their slim hopes of winning the Spanish Primera Liga title . The Portuguese winger scored four goals in Saturday 's 6-2 thumping of Sevilla , and his latest treble puts him on 36 league goals for the season -- five ahead of nearest Golden Boot challenger Lionel Messi and within sight of the record goals tally of 38 in a season jointly held by Hugo Sanchez  Real Madrid  and Telmo Zarra  Athletic Bilbao  . Ronaldo 's treble sees Madrid move to within five points of Barcelona , but Pep Guardiola 's side need just one point from their final three league games to win the title for a third successive season -- and will be crowned Spanish champions if they draw at Levante on Wednesday . Real took the lead on 23 minutes when Mesut Ozil 's superb cross from the right was powerfully headed home by Ronaldo . And German international Ozil set another up for Ronaldo on 57 minutes when he cut the ball back for his teammate to stroke into an empty net . Substitute Karim Benzema added a third with 20 minutes remaining and Ronaldo completed his hat-trick with a late penalty . In other matches on Tuesday , Deportivo La Coruna edged closer to avoiding relegation with a 2-1 victory over Athletic Bilbao -- a result that lifts Depor out of the bottom three . Elsewhere , Atletico Madrid suffered a surprise 2-1 defeat at Racing Santander , while Malaga made it five consecutive league wins for the first time in their history with a 2-0 home victory over relegation rivals Sporting Gijon . Brazilian Julio Baptista scored for the fifth successive game to help Malaga move six points clear of the relegation zone and to the brink of safety . Meanwhile , in Italy , newly-crowned Serie A champions Milan have failed in their bid to win the league and cup double after losing 2-1 at Palermo in the second leg of their Coppa Italia semifinal . The tie was finely poised after the first leg at the San Siro ended in a 2-2 draw , but this result means the Sicilian side will now face either holders Inter Milan or Roma in the final on May 29 as they go in search of their first-ever silverware . The home side went ahead in the 63rd minute with a Giulio Migliaccio diving header from a corner and they doubled their advantage 10 minutes later when Cesare Bovo scored from the penalty spot after Mark van Bommel was sent off for bringing down Josip Ilicic in the area . Bovo himself was then sent off for a high challenege on Alexandre Pato and Milan scored a late consolation goal when Zlatan Ibrahimovic converted Antonio Cassano 's deflected pass .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrash Getafe 4-0 It takes Ronaldo 's tally to seven in two games after his four goals against Sevilla The result keeps Madrid 's faint hopes of winning the Spanish title alive Barcelona will be crowned champions if they defeat Levante on Wednesday Milan 's hopes of winning Italian double are over after losing to Palermo in cup semifinal
The "  Downton Abbey " phenomenon just keeps getting bigger . Sunday 's season four premiere of the upstairs-downstairs drama on PBS surpassed the comparable ratings for every previous episode . According to Nielsen data , at least 10.2 million viewers tuned in live  or within a few hours via digital video recorders  on Sunday night , up from 7.9 million at the start of season three and 8.2 million at the end of it . This was more than a "  personal best " for "  Downton . " The season four premiere outperformed every other drama on Sunday night , too . CBS 's "  The Good Wife , " for instance , had 9.2 million viewers ; ABC 's "  Revenge " had 6.7 million .  All these totals will increase once several days of digital video recorder viewership is factored in . PBS is n't rated like a traditional network because it does n't carry traditional commercials . But even last season 's "  Downton " premiere was described as one of the highest-rated events in the history of the public broadcasting network ; analysts said PBS had n't seen numbers this high since the premiere of the "  Civil War " documentary series in 1990 . An apples-to-apples comparison is impossible because of changes in ratings methodology . But the season four premiere affirms that "  Downton " is making history for the network . Season four , of course , debuted several months ago in the United Kingdom . PBS has received no small amount of criticism for its decision to delay the episodes in the United States , and the network 's executives are aware that some fans get a sneak peek by finding the episodes illegally on the Internet . But they say the sky-high ratings two seasons in a row are proof that their scheduling strategy is a wise one . Paula Kerger , the chief executive of PBS , said in a statement on Monday , "  I 'm so pleased that millions of viewers have returned to ` Downton Abbey ' on their local PBS stations for what has become a post-holiday tradition . " Rebecca Eaton , the executive producer of "  Masterpiece , " added , "  Julian Fellowes has written every word of all four seasons of ` Downton , ' and I toss him a huge bouquet on behalf of his American fans . " The premiere ratings suggest "  Downton " could grow to be even more popular as the season progresses . Last year 8.2 million viewers tuned in on the night of the season three finale , and more than 4 million tuned in later , for a total of 12.3 million . The second-to-last episode of the season did even better once delayed viewership was totaled up : 12.4 million . That 's the next "  personal best " for the drama to beat .	At least 10.2 million viewers tune in Sunday to season 4 premiere That 's up from 7.9 million at the start of "  Downton 's " season three PBS executive says the show has become a post-holiday tradition
