Washington  CNN  -- A controversial proposal to build a giant oil pipeline between Alberta , Canada , and Texas cleared a key hurdle Friday as the State Department said the project could be built without significant damage to the environment . Known as Keystone XL , the 1,700-mile pipeline has drawn fierce criticism from environmentalists , who are staging a two-week demonstration at the White House . So far , some 370 people have been arrested for protesting the project . "  There would be no significant impacts to most resources along the proposed pipeline corridor , " Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs  OES  Assistant Secretary Kerri-Ann Jones told reporters on the release of the State Department 's final environmental impact statement . She stressed that the report is not the last word on the pipeline , which now must pass through a 90-day review period that will include public hearings . A final decision is expected before year-end . Supporters say the pipeline would create jobs and let the United States replace Venezuelan or Middle Eastern imports with well-regulated , dependable Canadian crude . Opponents say the project would bind the country to an unnecessary and dirty form of oil for decades to come and expose surrounding areas to dangerous spills and leaks . "  It was disappointing , but expected , " Daniel Kessler , a spokesman for the Rainforest Action Network , said about the State Department 's report . He is part of a group of activists that has been protesting the pipeline at the White House since August 20 . Some 370 people have been arrested so far and 2,000 are planning to be before the scheduled end of the demonstration on September 3 , he said . According to the U.S. Park Police , roughly 50 people have been arrested per day since the start of the demonstration for failure to obey a lawful order . "  It really does n't make a lick of sense , " Kessler said about the pipeline . "  There 's no excuse for not doing the right thing on this . " The company that wants to build the pipeline , TransCanada , cheered the State Department 's report . It emphasized the project 's benefits , economic and otherwise . "  The fundamental issue is energy security . Through the Keystone system , the U.S. can secure access to a stable and reliable supply of oil from Canada , where we protect human rights and the environment , or it can import more higher-priced oil from nations who do not share America 's interests or values , " said Russ Girling , TransCanada 's president and chief executive officer . The pipeline would draw from oil sands deposits in Canada and pass through Montana , South Dakota , Nebraska , Oklahoma and Texas , with construction on an existing pipeline in Kansas . It could transport up to 830,000 barrels per day and is estimated to cost $ 7 billion . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report	"  There would be no significant impacts , " a U.S. environmental official says The pipeline would run from Alberta , Canada , to Texas It could transport up to 830,000 barrels a day and is estimated to cost $ 7 billion Environmentalists are staging a two-week protest at the White House
CNN  -- Efforts to curb overfishing in five of the world 's marine ecosystems are starting to show signs of working . Many fisheries around the world are dangerously close to collapsing . The news comes from a multi-national study on the status of marine fisheries and ecosystems reported in "  Science " . While the report found that stock collapse is an increasing international trend , the scientists involved believe there are positive signs that rebuilding the ocean 's depleted fish stocks is possible . The two year study looked at ten marine ecosystems , evaluating how much marine life was being fished and which management techniques have been used to rebuild depleted stocks . It is a follow-up to a 2006 paper that highlighted a widespread global trend toward fisheries collapse that led to disagreement among the scientific community . The study found signs of some stock recovery in waters around the U.S. , Iceland and New Zealand , supporting the argument that well managed fishing can lead to rebuilding fisheries in other parts of the world . "  These highly managed ecosystems are improving " said Ray Hilborn of the University of Washington and one of the report 's lead authors . "  Yet there is still a long way to go : of all fish stocks that we examined sixty-three percent remained below target and still needed to be rebuilt . " "  Across all regions we are still seeing a troubling trend of increasing stock collapse , " said Boris Worm , of Dalhousie University and co-author of the report . "  But this paper shows that our oceans are not a lost cause . The encouraging result is that exploitation rate -- the ultimate driver of depletion and collapse -- is decreasing in half of the ten systems we examined in detail . This means that management in those areas is setting the stage for ecological and economic recovery . It 's only a start , but it gives me hope that we have the ability to bring overfishing under control . " Most of the marine ecosystems studied were in intensive managed areas in developed countries where the scientists were able to collect regular data . However , the report also found that often overfishing would move to areas with weaker laws and enforcement . While most of the fisheries that showed improvement are managed by a few wealthy nations , there are some exceptions . In Kenya , scientists , managers , and local communities teamed up to close some key areas to fishing and restrict certain types of fishing gear . According to the study , this led to an increase in the size and amount of fish available -- and an increase in fishers ' incomes . "  These successes are local - but they are inspiring others to follow suit , " says Tim McClanahan of the Wildlife Conservation Society in Kenya . "  We know that more fish can be harvested with less fishing effort and less impact on the environment , if we first slow down and allow over-fished populations to rebuild , " said Jeremy Collie from the University of Rhode Island , another author of the report . "  Scientists and managers in places as different as Iceland and Kenya have been able to reduce overfishing and rebuild fish populations despite serious challenges . " While the study suggests that closing areas to fishing , banning some types of fishing gear and changing fishing quotas have long-term benefits , they also come with short-term costs to fishers . "  Some places have chosen to end overfishing , " said Trevor Branch from the University of Washington in the report . "  That choice can be painful for fishermen in the short term , but in the long term it benefits fish , fishermen , and our ocean ecosystems as a whole . " However , "  lessons from one spot need to be applied very carefully to a new area , " said co-author Beth Fulton of the CSIRO Wealth from Oceans Flagship in Australia , since "  there are no single silver bullet solutions . Management efforts must be customized to the place and the people . "	Methods available to meet fishing needs and conservation , report suggests General trend is towards overfishing , but rates in some areas slowing New Zealand , U.S. , and Iceland show signs of some stock recovery Kenya provides rare success story of managed fishing in less developed countries
Following the Taliban prisoner swap that led to the release of U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , told Fox News that 30 % of the detainees released from the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay "  have already gone back into the fight . " It 's a figure that has been frequently repeated in recent days , but is it true ? It depends on who is doing the counting . According to the U.S. Office of the Director of National Intelligence , which regularly releases an unclassified summary report about former detainees , as of January this year , 104 of the 614 detainees  17 %  released from the prison have engaged in "  terrorist activities , " while another 74  12 %  are suspected of doing so . It is impossible to assess the validity of the U.S. government 's claim , referenced by McCain , that nearly 30 % of the released detainees are confirmed or suspected of engaging in terrorist activity because the government has not publicly released the names of any of these detainees for the past five years . The U.S. government defines a "  confirmed " terrorist or insurgent as based on a "  preponderance " of information pointing to that conclusion , while someone in the "  suspected " category is based on plausible but unverified or single source reporting to that effect . In order to shed some light on exactly which graduates from Guantanamo have joined a militant group or engaged in some other kind of terrorist activity , the New America Foundation analyzed Pentagon reports , news stories , and other publicly available documents to create a list of former detainees who have "  returned to the battlefield . " The list can be found here . The New America list documents a much smaller number than does the U.S. government . Of the 620 former detainees who have been transferred from the prison camp , we have identified 15 former Guantanamo detainees  2.5 %  who are confirmed to have engaged in terrorist or insurgent activities against the United States or its citizens , while there are 21 individuals  3.5 %  who are suspected of engaging in such activities . We also identified 18 former detainees  3 %  who are confirmed or suspected of involvement in militant attacks against non-U.S. targets . Taking all three categories together , the New America list finds only a third as many Guantanamo prisoners have returned to the battlefield , compared to the U.S. government estimate . A recent example of this is British citizen Moazzam Begg , a former Guantanamo prisoner released in 2005 , who was arrested in December on terrorism charges related to the Syrian civil war . He has denied the charges . It 's important to note that the vast majority of individuals who are confirmed or suspected to have militant groups were released under the George W. Bush administration , a fact that is missing from much of the current commentary . For the purposes of our study , for a former detainee to be considered "  confirmed " that he had joined a militant group , there had to be a preponderance of information claiming he was directly involved in terrorist or insurgent activities . For those "  suspected " of such acts , there were plausible but unverified accounts about their involvement in such activities . While it is certainly possible there are some former detainees participating in terrorist and insurgent activities who have not been identified publicly , we are confident that our numbers are reasonably accurate because groups like al Qaeda and the Taliban are eager to trumpet the identities of released Guantanamo detainees who join their ranks , as it is a propaganda coup for them , and the media is also quick to highlight such stories . Based on our findings , even if you combine all of the released detainees who are confirmed or suspected of taking part in any form of militant activity anywhere in the world , the total comes to 54 , or 8.7 % , which is much lower than the 30 % being cited by the U.S. intelligence community and members of Congress . This percentage is also much lower than the recidivism rate of criminals within the United States , which currently stands around 67.5 % , according to the most recent statistics by the Bureau of Justice Statistics . Some of the Guantanamo prisoners who were released by the Bush administration are certainly quite dangerous . Said Ali al-Shiri , who co-founded al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  in 2009 , was transferred to Saudi Arabia in 2007 . Shiri completed the kingdom 's rehabilitation program and promptly headed to Yemen , where he became AQAP 's deputy commander . He was killed in a U.S. drone strike last year . Another example is Abdullah Ghulam Rasoul  who also goes by the name Mullah Zakir  , who has emerged as one of the top Taliban commanders . Rasoul was also transferred from Guantanamo to Afghanistan in 2007 by the Bush administration and rejoined the Taliban shortly after the Afghan government released him from custody . Under Obama , the U.S. State Department and U.S. Defense Department use comprehensive threat assessments to determine a detainee 's eligibility for release . This has contributed to the fact that of the 88 prisoners released under Obama , we were only able to find publicly available information about one of those who had joined a militant group : Abdul Hafiz , who was returned to Afghanistan and is accused of fighting for the Taliban and targeting Afghan aid workers .  The intelligence community claims five Obama-era releasees have joined militant groups . Of course the high-ranking Taliban prisoners released in the exchange for Sgt. Bergdahl are not just low-level militants and President Obama himself has admitted that they might pose some future threat . "  Is there the possibility of some of them trying to return to activities that are detrimental to us ? Absolutely . There 's a certain recidivism rate that takes place , " Obama said . But these men are not being released freely into Afghan society . They have been transferred to the custody of Qatar , which is a rich , efficient police state and they have been banned from travel for a year . Assuming that ban holds , by the time they are able to travel back to Afghanistan , there will no longer be any U.S. combat presence as American combat soldiers are all pulling out at the end of December 2014 . So any potential threat that those five Taliban officials might pose to American targets in Afghanistan will be much smaller by then .	John McCain cites U.S. statistic that 30 % of Gitmo released prisoners return to battle Peter Bergen : A close study of the record finds only a third of that number are recidivists Vast majority of recidivist Gitmo detainees were freed under the Bush administration , he says Bergen : Only one prisoner freed under Obama is known to have returned to the fight
A winter storm is snarling travel across the East Coast on Wednesday , causing trouble on the nation 's roadways and delays of up to six hours at airports in the Northeast on one of the busiest travel days of the year . About 30 million people from the mountains of North Carolina to Maine could be affected by the holiday storm . "  The storm in the Northeast continues to develop and is causing long delays and numerous cancellations at D.C. , New York city and Philadelphia airports , along with trouble on the roadways , as snow increases in coverage , " CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen said . "  Most delays and cancellations will occur from late morning through Wednesday evening . " The silver lining for Thursday morning fliers ? "  By Thanksgiving , the storm will be exiting , and conditions should return to normal , " he said . Use CNN 's weather tracker Rain and snow Travelers are already seeing significant snow accumulations as rain and snow target the Washington , New York and Boston metro areas . "  Roughly 30 miles west of Washington , Philadelphia , New York and Boston will see heavy snow while the cities themselves receive only light amounts , " Hennen said . Up to 18 inches of snow has fallen in parts of West Virginia as of 2 pm ET , and parts of New England could see up to 20 inches of snow . Thundersnow has been reported around Baltimore , parts of New Jersey and the Hudson Valley in New York . Power outages Mike Todd , a spokesman for the New Hampshire Department of Safety , said power outages are a major concern . "  This is New England ; this is just another winter storm here , and the complication is just that it 's the holiday weekend , " he said . "  We caution individuals to drive carefully and slowly . Consider staying put if you 're concerned . Safety first , as always . " Pennsylvania said it 'll have state police and the National Guard in the state emergency operations center . State officials urged residents to avoid the roads if they can . "  The bottom line is , the less cars the better , the less traffic the better , " said Cory Angell of the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency . "  If you do n't have to go , you do n't need to go . You do n't want to be stuck in a queue for hours and then run out of gas and whatnot . It 's important people realize there are hazards involved with travel , and more often than not , they do n't . " 10 ways to survive holiday travel Flights canceled Airlines had canceled 735 flights and had 4,647 delays "  within , into , or out of the United States " as of 9 p.m. ET Wednesday , and that number is expected to increase , according to FlightAware.com .  That website does not distinguish whether flights are canceled or delayed for mechanical , weather or other reasons . "  This is not a huge number of cancellations , but due to the holiday , flights will be more full , and there will be fewer available seats to accommodate displaced passengers from canceled flights , " FlightAware.com 's Daniel Baker wrote in an email . "  We expect thousands of delays that will cause moderate disruption to Thanksgiving travelers , " he said . "  The delays will begin accumulating early afternoon as the worst of the weather impacts the Northeast and will continue to cascade through the evening . " The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates major airports in both states , estimates that 1 % of flights will be canceled at New York 's LaGuardia Airport today , 8 % at New Jersey 's Newark Liberty International Airport and hardly any cancellations at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . Fliers should try to rebook their flights for Thursday , Baker said . United Airlines , Delta Air Lines , American Airlines , JetBlue and Southwest Airlines are waiving rebooking charges for holiday travelers in the Northeast . "  Customers ticketed on American Airlines , American Eagle or US Airways or US Airways Express flights on November 26 to , from , or through  18 affected airports  may change flights without penalty , have the ticket-reissue charge waived for one ticket change , and begin travel as early as November 25 or as late as November 27 under American 's current travel waiver , " according to an airline release . Midwest affected , too The Northeast is n't the only region where bad weather is predicted . Light snow is forecast until Thursday in Minneapolis , Chicago and other parts of the upper Midwest . The Northwest is expecting rain , with snow in the mountains . Denver is expecting wind gusts of up to 30 mph on Tuesday and 15 mph on Wednesday . AAA is expecting 46 million Americans to travel 50 miles or more from home during the Thanksgiving weekend , and 90 % of them are traveling by car . That would be the most travelers since 2007 . Drivers should check weather forecasts before setting out on the road , and travelers should also check tire pressure , car batteries and windshield wipers . On the bright side , people traveling by car will probably pay less for gas than in recent years , AAA says . The current average price of gasoline in the United States is $ 2.85 per gallon , 43 cents per gallon lower than the average price at the same time last year .	735 flights canceled , over 4,600 delayed , FlightAware.com reports About 46 million people expected to travel for holiday , the most since 2007 East Coast travelers get hit by snow Airlines waive rebooking charges for travelers
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama called Sunday for Americans to perform community service in honor of Nelson Mandela 's 92nd birthday . "  On behalf of the United States , I wish Nelson Mandela a very happy 92nd birthday , " Obama said in White House statement , referring to the former South African president who spent 27 years in prison before leading his country from white-minority rule to all-race democratic elections . "  We are grateful to continue to be blessed with his extraordinary vision , leadership , and spirit . And we strive to build upon his example of tolerance , compassion and reconciliation. , " Obama said of Mandela , who is known around the world by his clan name , "  Madiba . " Obama noted that Sunday was the first annual Nelson Mandela International Day , as proclaimed by the United Nations . "  I encourage us all to heed the call to engage in some form of service to others , in honor of the 67 years of sacrifice and service Madiba gave to us , " Obama 's statement said . "  We strive to follow his example of what it means to truly give back to our communities , our nations , and our world . "	President Obama offers birthday wishes to Nelson Mandela The former South African president turns 92 on Sunday Obama calls on Americans to perform community service in honor of Mandela
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The oldest known image of the apostles Andrew and John have been discovered in catacombs under the city of Rome , dating back to the 4th century AD , archaeologists announced Tuesday . The paintings were found in the same location where the oldest known painting of St. Paul was discovered last year , the Pontifical Commission for Sacred Archeology said Tuesday . They are part of a group of paintings around an image of Jesus as the Good Shepherd on the ceiling of what is thought to have been a Roman noblewoman 's tomb , experts said . A painting of St. Peter makes up the fourth member of the group , but older images of him are thought to exist , Vatican experts said . Their inclusion in the tomb shows the aristocrats were among the last Romans to convert to Christianity , archaeologist Fabrizio Bisconti said . The Roman matron must have been very rich , he said , as the colors and richness of the decoration show . The images of the apostles ' heads and shoulders against a deep red background were uncovered after two years of work , Vatican experts said . Archaeologists used a new laser technology to remove layers of white carbon calcium deposited on the frescoes over the centuries without disturbing the paintings . They are located in the catacombs of St. Tecla , one of the 40 Roman catacombs under Rome . It sits under a modern eight-story building in a working-class neighborhood . It is closed to the public and its entrance is mostly hidden . The Vatican spent about 60,000 euros  about $ 74,000  on the archaeological work , it said . The apostles were a group of a dozen men , according to Christian tradition , who spread the gospel of Jesus after his crucifixion . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Images found in painting on ceiling of what is thought to be tomb of noblewoman Oldest known painting of Apostle Paul previously found in same location Two years of work were needed to reveal the images
New York  CNN  -- The gunman who ambushed and killed two unsuspecting firefighters as they battled a blaze in upstate New York could n't buy his weapons legally so he allegedly got his neighbor 's daughter to purchase them for him , said U.S. Attorney William Hochul . Dawn Nguyen of Rochester , New York , faces charges over allegedly lying when she purchased an AR-15 rifle -- a .223 - caliber weapon -- and 12-gauge shotgun that the gunman had with him during the attack . Authorities say she told the gun dealer that she planned to be the owner of the weapons , but had instead purchased them on June 7 , 2010 , for gunman William Spengler . "  It is absolutely against federal law to lie relating to the acquisition of firearms , " said Hochul , who said Spengler indicated in a suicide note that he had gotten the weapons from the neighbor . Dispatcher told firefighter : ` Brother , hang tight ' Nguyen , 24 , was "  turned ... over to ATF  Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives  agents to be processed at the federal level , and arraigned by a federal magistrate this afternoon , " according to state police Investigator James Newell . Spengler , 62 -- who had been convicted of killing his grandmother decades ago -- used the same type of weapon employed in the recent assault on Sandy Hook Elementary School , which left 26 people dead , including 20 children . As a convicted felon , Spengler was not allowed to legally possess weapons . Autopsy shows suspect died of self-inflicted wound "  He was equipped to go to war , " Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said . The gunman was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound hours later . In his possession were three firearms , including two .223 - caliber Bushmaster rifles and a Mossberg 12-gauge shotgun . While Nguyen 's charges involve two weapons , authorities indicated the possibility of additional charges regarding the third weapon . Nguyen 's attorney was not immediately available for comment . If convicted , she could face up to 10 years in jail and $ 250,000 fine . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Laura Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : The woman was a neighbor of the gunman who ambushed firefighters Dawn Nguyen of Rochester , New York , faces charges of filing a falsified business record Nguyen 's attorney was not immediately available to comment
Yemen 's defense minister escaped an assassination attempt Tuesday when a suicide bomber attacked his convoy , the Yemeni government said . A bomb-laden vehicle exploded at 11 a.m. , targeting Gen. Mohammed Nasser Ahmed 's convoy in Tawahi , Aden , along Yemen 's southern coast , the Defense Ministry said . The bomber was killed . Witnesses said two explosions were heard and that clashes followed for 10 minutes . An Interior Ministry source , citing the suicide bombing and the clashes , said the attack bears the hallmarks of al Qaeda . Sultan Khaled , a witness , said , "  The explosions were powerful and the city saw hundreds of troops spreading quickly . " Within minutes of the attack , government troops had blocked all entrances into Aden and set up checkpoints . In late August , senior security officials in Abyan province said Ahmed survived an assassination attempt when a roadside bomb exploded near his vehicle , killing two of his guards . But an official in the defense minister 's office at the time denied that the convoy was attacked . A senior official in Abyan said then that the ministry may have denied that attack because it did not want Abyan to be seen as outside complete government control . Tuesday 's attack came as anti-government protests in Yemen continued to attract huge crowds . President Ali Abdullah Saleh returned Friday from three months in Saudi Arabia , where he received medical treatment following an assassination attempt in June . Tens of thousands took to the streets of Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , on Monday . "  We are escalating , and soon we will march directly towards the presidential palace , " said Tawakul Karman , a prominent revolutionist . "  The will of the people is stronger today , and Saleh is already part of the past . " But at the United Nations in New York , Yemeni Foreign Minister Abu-Bark Al-Qirbi accused opposition powers on Tuesday of using the "  tidal wave of change " that has swept across much of the Arab world this year "  to prevent Yemen from achieving democratic change through elections . " Al-Qirbi cited unbridled population growth , poverty , drought and scarcity of water and oil -- which had been a primary source of income -- for the nation 's high rates of youth unemployment . He cited the opposition 's refusal to endorse Saleh 's 2006 re-election , after 27 years in power , as "  the main reason for the upheaval that is taking place in Yemen . " In a televised address Sunday , Saleh blamed "  terrorists " for recent deadly violence at anti-government protests . The motive of the "  criminal terrorists , " he said , is "  to seize power and to steal the wealth of the country and to undermine stability . " Protesters insisted that Saleh was trying to buy himself more time in office with the remarks . Scores of protesters have been reported killed by Yemeni forces in protests in recent days . Saleh said his vice president has the authority to sign a proposal by the Gulf Cooperation Council that would result in early presidential elections . The United States has called on Yemen to follow the council 's proposal . The United States , the United Nations and the European Union have called on Yemen to halt the violence and called on both sides to establish a peaceful transfer of power .	The attack bears the hallmarks of al Qaeda , an Interior Ministry source says Tuesday 's attack came as anti-government protests in Yemen continue to attract huge crowds Another such attempt was made in August , senior security officials in Abyan province said then The defense minister 's office had denied the August report
Istanbul  CNN  A prosecutor involved in a controversial case died Tuesday after he was shot during a hostage siege in an Istanbul courthouse . Prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz died in the hospital from injuries he suffered during the attack , Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said , speaking to reporters on Turkish television . The two gunmen who took the prosecutor hostage were killed in a shootout with police after a standoff that lasted for hours . Kiraz was assigned to the controversial case of Berkin Elvan , a 15-year-old boy who was injured during the anti-government Gezi Park protests in June 2013 . The teen died the following March after having spent nine months in a coma . The case , with its overtones of possible police overreaction , has been politically contentious , just as the protests themselves were . In an online post widely cited in Turkish media , the left-wing Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front claimed responsibility for the attack . The post said the gunmen were seeking to avenge Elvan 's death . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan described the gunmen as terrorists and said they were disguised as lawyers when they entered the courthouse . "  This is not to be taken lightly , " he said . The gunmen took the prosecutor hostage around 12:30 p.m. in his office on the sixth floor of the Caglayan district courthouse , the semiofficial Anadolu Agency reported . Police evacuated that floor of the building , the agency reported , and snipers were deployed . An explosion , followed by sounds of more gunshots , could be heard coming from the courthouse Tuesday evening , hours after the siege began . Istanbul Police Chief Selami Altinok said Kiraz had been shot before Turkish security teams entered the room where the hostage crisis was unfolding . "  There is nothing else to do but to pray at this moment , " Erdogan said . The Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front , known as the DHKP-C , is viscerally hostile to the Turkish state , the United States and NATO , and has had links with the far left in Europe . The Marxist-Leninist group claimed responsibility for a 2013 suicide bombing at the U.S. Embassy in Ankara . Among other attacks attributed to the DHKP-C was the assassination of a former justice minister , Mehmet Topac , in 1994 , as well as the murders of a number of senior police and military officials and , 1996 , a prominent businessman , Ozdemir Sabanci . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul . CNN 's Don Melvin reported from London . CNN 's Nimet Kirac reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Paul Cruickshank and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	The left-wing Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front claims responsibility Prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz dies after a hostage siege in Istanbul Prosecutor was assigned to the case of a teen who was injured in anti-government protests
CNN  -- The census is inherently political , even if most people do n't see it that way . Every 10 years , new census data is used to reapportion congressional seats across the country , while all states must use the census to redraw congressional districts . These processes do n't get much attention , but the stakes are high : They help determine control of Congress and state legislatures and , because they determine the Electoral College map , who wins the White House . And the census 's political influence does n't stop there . Because it presents a unique demographic portrait of the country , the census is mined for political intelligence by strategists from both parties and applied to campaigns from the county level all the way up to the presidency . Here are eight political takeaways from the 2010 Census : 1 . Republicans need to improve relations with Hispanics . Fast . The single biggest headline from the 2010 Census may be the explosion in Hispanic growth . More than half of U.S. population growth in the last decade is due to growth among Hispanics ; nearly one in six Americans now identify as Hispanic . That 's bad news for Republicans , who 've seen Hispanic support slip since 2004 , when President George W. Bush made major inroads among those voters . Bush won 44 percent of Hispanics . Last November , by contrast , when the GOP wave swept control of the House out of Democratic hands , Republicans captured just 38 percent of that vote . Much of the falloff is due to the tough Republican line on illegal immigration , including widespread GOP opposition to immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship for undocumented workers . Bush 's efforts at such reform were brought down by his own party . And then there 's Arizona 's 2010 immigration law , championed by Republicans , that requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and allows police to question people 's residency status while enforcing other laws . Grover Norquist , president of Americans for Tax Reform and an influential conservative strategist , says the problem runs deeper . "  Republicans have not reached out to Hispanics as they should have for the last 20 years , " he says . "  The census numbers are not the wake-up call , they 're the follow-up call . " Look for a handful of rising Hispanic Republican stars , like newly elected Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , to echo that line . 2 . Democrats need to compete harder in red states Of the 12 new U.S. House seats that will be created this year because of population shifts revealed by the 2010 Census , eight are in solidly red states : Arizona , Georgia , South Carolina , Texas and Utah . The booming Hispanic population -- among which Democrats have an advantage -- is responsible for much of that growth , but not all of it . Demographers say there has also been a migration of Americans from the Northeast and the Rust Belt , both traditional Democratic strongholds , to the more Republican-dominated South and West . GOP strategists argue that those transplants are more likely to be entrepreneurial and connected to business -- and therefore more likely to vote Republican . And they say that policies like no state income tax in Texas and Florida , identified with the GOP , will win over new arrivals . "  People who are showing up here are tired of policies that have driven jobs and families from their old states , " says Chris Elam , a spokesman for the Texas Republican Party . "  They 're showing up with a chip on their shoulders about failed government policies . " Democratic pollster Cornel Belcher , who worked for President Barack Obama in the 2008 campaign , wo n't go that far . But he says his party has a lot of work to do in the South and West . "  The Western states do n't lean left , so the Democratic Party has to shift its brand , " he says . "  Issues like new energy sources and energy independence are what appeal to a Western audience . " 3 . The battleground states are moving south and west It was n't long ago that Ohio was considered the central battleground in presidential politics . Winning the Buckeye State put George W. Bush over the top in 2004 . But Ohio and other Rust Belt battlegrounds have seen their populations plateau , shifting electorate clout to the West and parts of the South , like Georgia and North Carolina . The 2010 Census numbers will take two House seats each from Ohio and New York and give seats to states like Georgia and Arizona . But it 's not just that Southern and Western states are gaining political muscle . They 're also growing more politically competitive , thanks to increasing racial diversity and suburbanization , both threats to Republican hegemony . "  Moving forward , " Belcher says , "  we 're going to be waiting for returns from states like Colorado , Nevada and Arizona to determine how our national elections turn out . " 4 . New electoral math makes it harder for a Democrat to win the presidency In shifting congressional seats to the South and West , the 2010 Census is also shifting Electoral College votes in that same direction . While deep blue New York will lose two Electoral College votes , deep red Texas will pick up four . Measured against the national total of 538 Electoral College votes -- used to determine the outcome of presidential elections -- such modest swings might seem like small potatoes . They certainly would n't have mattered in the landslide 2008 election , when Obama beat Republican presidential nominee John McCain by 192 electoral votes . But in squeaker elections like 2000 , when George W. Bush bested Al Gore by just five electoral votes , the slightly revised electoral math could have big consequences . 5 . Mormon political influence is growing The U.S. Census Bureau has n't asked Americans about their religious affiliation since the 1950s , saying that such questions infringe church/state separation rights . But the 2010 Census found that Utah , home to the headquarters for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and to the nation 's largest Mormon population , was the second-fastest-growing state in the last decade , seeing a 24 percent population spike . The other three fastest-growing states -- Nevada , Arizona and Idaho -- all have substantial Mormon minorities . With Mormon numbers growing , through high birth rates and proselytization , and with the religion gaining greater acceptance among other Americans , especially in the West , look for more Mormon-fueled political activism , especially in the GOP . The trend is already visible : Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , both Mormons , may soon announce bids for the presidency . 6 . The face of American politics will get less white Obama is the country 's first African-American president , but , racially speaking , he 's probably more of a sign of things to come than a political anomaly . New census figures show that minorities are becoming a bigger slice of the American pie , while white Americans are claiming a smaller share . In fact , white Americans were the only racial group to see their proportion of the population shrink in the last 10 years , from 75 percent to 72 percent . Want to help define America ? Take the iReport cultural census That 's due to more than just Hispanic growth . The Asian population , for instance , grew by 43 percent in the last decade , faster than any other major racial group . The election of Indian-American governors like Bobby Jindal in Louisiana and Nikki Haley in South Carolina , both Republicans , shows how the face of politics is already changing to reflect the new racial map . The next frontier : Congress , where whites are still overrepresented . Asians occupy just 3 % of congressional seats , while Hispanics occupy 6 % -- substantially less than those groups ' shares of the nation 's population . 7 . Our politics are moving from country to city , or at least near the city More than 80 % of Americans now live in metropolitan areas -- places with cities of 50,000 or more people . An additional 10 % , the 2010 Census found , live in so-called micropolitan areas , organized around towns of 10,000 to 50,000 . Both kinds of population-dense areas saw big growth in the last decade , with greater Houston and metro Atlanta watching their numbers surge by around 25 percent . Some of that growth came on the backs of the country 's rural areas . The census found that large swaths of Appalachia and the Great Plains -- which encompasses the Dakotas , Kansas , Nebraska and the Texas panhandle -- lost population . Many Democrats argue that a national shift from traditionally Republican rural areas to more urban ones gives them a leg up . "  It 's the red states that are growing , but it 's blue terrain in those states , " says Jesse Ferguson , a spokesman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . But it 's suburban and exurban counties -- as opposed to cities themselves -- that are seeing the biggest growth , which means that areas outside of cities are becoming more politically powerful -- they 'll be focal points for many new House districts that will be carved up this year -- and more competitive , but not necessarily more Democratic . 8 . 2011 is a good year to be a Republican OK , this is n't political intelligence gleaned from the census -- it 's a fact that will determine how census numbers are used politically : The state governments tasked with drawing up new House districts based on the most recent census data are dominated by Republicans . Every 10 years , each state is required to draw up new congressional and state legislative districts that reflect population shifts from the last census . This year , the GOP has a big advantage : It controls 26 state legislatures , while Democrats control just 15 , with eight others divided .  Nebraska , not included in that tally , has a nonpartisan legislature . "  Republicans are in the best position for redistricting since the 1960s , " says Tim Storey , senior fellow with the National Conference of State Legislatures . Redistricting of House and state legislative districts will occur in all states by early next year . Look for Democrats to challenge most of the redistricting plans in Republican-controlled states -- and for the GOP to do the same in Democratic-controlled states . Political posturing around the process is already under way . "  Even in places where Republicans control the process , " says the DCCC 's Ferguson , "  they ca n't control the demographic realities that voter growth is happening among Democratic communities . "	The census 's influence does n't stop with redistricting Hispanic population is exploding , but GOP has seen Hispanic support slip since 2004 The battleground states are moving south and west New electoral math makes it harder for a Democrat to win the presidency
CNN  -- How much is playing the same video game for a month worth ? To an exasperated parent of an obsessed young gamer , probably not much . But to Justin Chavvarria , it 's worth a quarter of a million dollars . The former high school pitcher earned $ 250,000 as winner of the "  MLB 2K13 " Perfect Game Challenge , a nationwide contest pitting virtual hurlers against each other in the popular baseball video game . Chavarria , 21 , of Eugene , Oregon , defeated two other players in a single-elimination tournament during festivities surrounding Tuesday 's MLB All-Star Game in New York City . The four finalists all threw perfect games in "  MLB 2K13 " during the qualifying month , but Chavarria and the other three were the most perfect . 2K Sports , the publisher of the game , said they verified more than 2,500 perfect games and used an algorithm to rank perfect games based on degree of difficulty and perfection . A perfect game is one in which a winning pitcher records at least 27 consecutive outs -- a full nine innings -- without allowing a runner on base . ` MLB2K12 ' , David Price and the quest for the perfect game Chavarria said he played the game for about 30 days before finally getting a perfect game that qualified him for the playoffs . His basic strategy , he said , was to use "  the best  available  pitcher against the worst team . " Chavarria got his perfect game with pitcher Kevin Slowey of the light-hitting Miami Marlins . The real Slowey has never had a perfect game or even a no-hitter in his major league career . He is 42-35 in his sixth year in the big leagues . Chavarria , who was a pitcher in high school and for one year in college , said having a pitcher 's mentality helped him devise a game plan against the batters . He also thinks having that mind-set gave him an edge as his perfect game reached the later innings . "  Yeah , it really helped a lot , like when to throw pitches in certain counts , " he told CNN in an interview . "  It is a video game , so you do n't have to be a star athlete or a pitcher in the MLB . It helps to have that knowledge ... to know the art of pitching . " MLB pitcher battles cancer , never quits For the tournament , Chavarria chose the Texas Rangers as his team , despite the fact he says he 's a lifetime New York Yankees fan . He said the Rangers "  had a pretty strong lineup for the past couple of years and I felt comfortable with what they gave me . " "  They 've got guys who can hit home runs against lefties and righties , " he said . "  Their pitching is not bad . " After demolishing his opening-round opponent by a 9-3 score , Chavarria was matched up in the final against Brad Holland of Garland , Texas . Holland used the Oakland A 's in his attempt to win the prize , but Chavarria 's Rangers were too much . "  I hit a two-run home run in the first inning . That was a lot of pressure gone and I did n't have to worry about it as much  after that  , " he said . Chavarria added another home run later in the game , and his pitching kept Holland 's A 's off balance as he won 3-1 . Chavarria , a student at the University of Oregon , said most of his winnings will go toward tuition and other related expenses . But he added , "  I plan to spoil myself a little bit and my dad and some other family members . " For gamers who are thinking about trying for next year 's challenge , Chavarria has a bit of advice . "  Just do n't give up . I had plenty of times where I thought this was stupid and I ...  was  never going to get it , " he said . "  Just keep playing . I got mine in the last week . You just never know . "	Justin Chavarria , 21 , of Eugene , Oregon , defeated two other players in a tournament To qualify , Chavarria and the other finalists threw perfect games in "  MLB 2K13 " Chavarria , a Yankees fan , chose the Texas Rangers as his team in the finals
CNN  -- A Florida woman accused in the death of a lottery millionaire pleaded not guilty at a court hearing Monday in Hillsborough County , CNN affiliate Bay News 9 reported . Dorice "  Dee Dee " Moore is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Abraham Shakespeare , a truck driver turned lottery millionaire . She was arrested in February . Police said she befriended Shakespeare after he won a $ 31 million Florida lottery prize in 2006 . She was named a person of interest after Shakespeare , 43 , went missing . Deputies found his body outside a home in Plant City in late January after receiving a tip from an associate of Moore 's . Moore might have committed fraud to obtain parts of Shakespeare 's fortune , and she bought lime to deal with his body and was trying to find someone to move the corpse before authorities could find it , police said . Shakespeare was killed on April 6 or April 7 , and Moore has admitted trying to convince Shakespeare 's family members that he was still alive , Hillsborough County Sheriff David Gee has said . Her attempts included writing a letter to Shakespeare 's mother , claiming to be him , and getting people to call his family members , using his cell phone and claiming they were Shakespeare , Gee said . Moore proclaimed her innocence before her arrest . She told reporters said she was planning to help Shakespeare write a book about the challenges of winning millions and that she was helping him manage the money .	Dorice "  Dee Dee " Moore , arrested in February , is charged with first-degree murder The body of Abraham Shakespeare was found outside a home in Plant City , Florida Moore befriended Shakespeare after he won a $ 31 million Florida lottery prize in 2006
CNN  -- "  Battlestar Galactica , " Syfy 's reimagining of the 1978 TV series , stands as one of the most successful sci-fi franchises of the past decade . Once the critically acclaimed show ended its run in 2009 , fan interest in more adventures did n't waver . Unfortunately , the first spinoff , "  Caprica , " only lasted one season , but another potential series , "  Battlestar Galactica : Blood and Chrome , " showed promise . Now , more than two years since "  Caprica " ended , fans are finally able to see the pilot for "  Blood and Chrome " on YouTube 's Machinima Network  eight parts have been posted  . CNN spoke to executive producer David Eick and actor Luke Pasqualino  who stars as a younger version of Edward James Olmos ' character , Cmdr. William Adama  about the new series . CNN : Why Adama ? David Eick : When posed with the opportunity of creating new stories in the "  Battlestar Galactica " universe , I chose Adama because he remained the most mystifying character . There was his relentless hatred of the Cylons , his equally unwavering commitment and loyalty to friendships -- even at the point of being at the expense of blood relations . There 's things about Adama that you got hints of in "  Battlestar , " but there were a lot of questions that remained unanswered . CNN : Do you see this as a show that is mostly for "  BSG " fans or an entry point for new viewers ? Eick : Once you call it "  Battlestar Galactica " in any way , shape or form , you 're quite deliberately attempting to attract fans of the show . One of the regrets that we had about "  Caprica " is that we were so intent on carving it out for a new audience that in the marketing of it , we strayed too far away from its lineage . Had we done it over again , I would call it "  Battlestar Galactica : Caprica . " At the same time , I firmly believe that if you never saw an episode of "  Battlestar , " you could plop right into this thing and completely get it and enjoy it . CNN : Was this ever seen as a "  backdoor pilot , " where it might conceivably end up on TV ? Eick : It always originated as an online series . There was some confusion in the press when Syfy was toying for a period of time , with possibly launching it on-air first . When they went back to the plan of launching it online , there was a backlash , like "  Ooh , Syfy does n't pick up pilot . " That was ridiculous , as it was never intended to be that . The deeper answer is that anyone who 's worked with Syfy knows , there 's no such thing as a finite , hardcore game plan when it comes to this stuff . "  Caprica " premiered on Blu-Ray , then went on air . The conversation is ongoing , and at a certain point , as a creator you have to step out of it . I do n't think it 's specific to Syfy . It 's the nature of genre storytelling when you have a variety of options to distribute it . At a certain point , as a creator , you 'll go crazy if you worry too much about it . CNN : Is there a possibility for a season two ? Eick : Like any premiere , we 're waiting for feedback . The context of success and failure is completely alien to me . I do n't know what constitutes a hit . If I had a show on television , I would n't know what constitutes a hit anymore . It keeps changing . I do n't know what the criterion is for success . If it 's met , I suspect we 'll get into a conversation about more of them . If it 's not met , I 'm sure this will make a lovely DVD keepsake for someone . I am encouraged by the powers that be that they have very high expectations for this . The buzz about it is extremely strong and loud , and we would not be foolish to get our hopes up to anticipate future storytelling . CNN : Luke , what was it like stepping into a role created by someone like Edward James Olmos ? Luke Pasqualino : In my eyes , Edward James Olmos set the precedent . He was a great commander as William Adama . He set the bar . As an artist , we 're always looking to test ourselves in that respect . I was very delighted to have this opportunity . CNN : I heard you watched "  Caprica " once you got the role . What else did you do in preparation ? Pasqualino : One of the furthest things from my mind was watching anything Eddie had done as Adama . He 's playing him at a much later stage , and you change so much in 20 years , I think you 're a completely different person . He set the bar . I did n't want anything that Eddie did to sway my interpretation of the character . CNN : Were there any adjustments you had to make , knowing this was 100 minutes divided into 10 parts ? Pasqualino : The biggest adjustment I had to make was this was my first test of my American accent , so I had to get that as close to believable as possible . I feel like I did a good job overcoming that one . It is very suspenseful , and you can get 10 or 12 minutes of wonder before watching the next one . CNN : Let 's say this gets picked up and they decide to do multiple seasons of it . Is this the kind of role you see doing long-term ? Pasqualino : 100 percent . I do n't think there 's one person who would like to see it get picked up any more than me . I fell in love with the project . I loved the style of work . It was my first leading American role . I had the most amazing time doing it . There is so much more that this young Adama can offer . This is the kind of age period where people start to find themselves . I think Adama needs to experience some highs and lows . I think we 've only touched the surface of his journey .	"  Battlestar Galactica : Blood and Chrome " is second spinoff of Syfy series , now on YouTube Executive producer David Eick explains that 10-part pilot was always meant to run online Series centers around the early years of Cmdr. William Adama Actor Luke Pasqualino would be "  100 % " on board to continue the series
Jacksonville , Florida  CNN  -- When the topic of HIV/AIDS enters a conversation , Earl Thompson hears that it 's "  just what gays get . " "  It 's not a gay disease , " said Thompson . "  It 's a human disease . " When a person gets a disease like cancer , support pours in , said Thompson , a slender 27-year-old with a boyish face . Family and friends fund raise and make sure their loved one gets proper care . But that 's not the case with HIV . "  It 's like hush-hush , " said Thompson , a Jacksonville native , who learned before his birthday in April that he has HIV . "  You feel unlovable . You feel tainted . They 're going to point a finger at me and be judging me . "  Just from the community , I know they do n't talk about it . Jacksonville has many years before we 're close to Miami , Orlando or Tampa . If something goes wrong , you do n't talk about it . " It 's a problem all across the Bible Belt . The Southeast is disproportionately struck with higher HIV/AIDS rates than much of the rest of the country . Dealing with the epidemic in the South "  is extremely challenging , because the stigma and discrimination is worse , " said Dr. Kevin Fenton , director of the National Center for HIV/AIDS , Viral Hepatitis , STD , and TB Prevention at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  There is less discourse around prevention , sexual health , comprehensive sex education in schools or having strong , community-based advocacy activities . " Pastor fights HIV stigma in rural town Jacksonville has the fifth-highest number of AIDS diagnoses among U.S. cities , according to CDC statistics from 2008 . The state says this could have been a statistical aberration because surveillance methods and HIV/AIDS reporting laws changed in Florida in 2007 , causing fluctuations in the data . But local HIV advocates in northeast Florida say the problem is a real one , not just a statistical blip . "  Here in Jacksonville , we 're kind of the buckle in the Bible belt , " said Donna Fuchs , executive director of Northeast Florida AIDS Network . "  HIV carries a huge stigma in our city . " Fuchs said the organization had trouble finding office space in 2000 . One property owner refused to rent to the group , saying he did n't want people with AIDS in his buildings . Today , the office sits on a quiet , tree-lined street with a simple sign that reads : NFAN . A red ribbon , the ubiquitous sign for HIV/AIDS , usually adorns the logo for the organization . But not here . "  Clients did n't want a red ribbon on the door , " said Fuchs . "  We had to take it down . " Four blocks away , there is another HIV organization -- one named for NBA star Magic Johnson , who revealed in 1991 that he is HIV-positive . When that clinic opened a decade ago , the ribbon-cutting ceremony was held inside the lobby . Organizers moved the event indoors because people feared being seen and associated with the disease . Today , that one-story clinic tucked behind a towering magnolia tree no longer bears Johnson 's name . "  The only way we can get people to come through the front door is to create a fictitious name . " said Todd Reese , associate director of Health Care Center operations at the AIDS Healthcare Foundation . "  No one walks into any building or floor that has any association with HIV . " Although visible HIV signs may be scrubbed from public view , the epidemic has worsened . HIV cases in Duval County , which mostly consists of Jacksonville , increased by 33 % in the first half of 2011 . This year , the county Health Department reports an increase in new cases . "  It 's really not acceptable , " said Dr. Bob Harmon , the county 's Health Department director . "  This disease is ruining lives , and it 's still killing people , especially low-income people who do n't get tested enough and who do n't get treated early . " Several HIV/AIDS advocates in Jacksonville criticized sex education in schools that emphasized abstinence . The mentality is that HIV/AIDS is not an issue here , several advocates said . "  Denial is the biggest problem , " said Reese . And those who reveal their HIV status struggle to find acceptance . Thompson observed that some people who knew about his HIV status avoided physical contact with him . In social settings , they watched their drinks to make sure their glasses did n't get mixed up . "  Sometimes you feel like a pin cushion , like you 're never going to find acceptance , " Thompson said . "  You feel like you 're going to be looked at as a disease , not as a person . " What perpetuates the epidemic is a social issue , Reese said . In Florida , the HIV/AIDS focus has historically been placed in southern part of the state . Some of the earliest HIV cases were found in Miami and in the Haitian immigrant population in South Florida . Miami still struggles with new HIV/AIDS cases ; often , it has the highest AIDS rates in the country . "  You can go to Miami and you can put up a billboard , you can talk about condoms , AIDS and sex , " Reese said . "  You ca n't do that in Jacksonville . People will be offended . They do n't want to talk about it or see it . They do n't want to see billboards about it . " And Jacksonville is no small town : It has about 821,000 residents . iReporters share their stories on World AIDS Day It 's a different population , said Harmon . "  In north Florida , our population profile is more like Georgia , Alabama , Mississippi than it is central and south Florida . That generally means higher rates of poverty , lower rates of completing high school and college , and higher percentage of African-American population . " Duval County has a high percentage of African-Americans , and in Jacksonville , 71 % of the total HIV cases are African-Americans . Wade Price , 46 , is a black gay man , proud father of three and grandfather of three . He keeps a half-dozen orange prescription bottles of anti-HIV medications on his nightstand next to his red leather-bound Bible . The pages of his well-worn Bible are patchworks of green and orange highlights . He reads scriptures every night and attends a Baptist church twice a week . Because his faith is crucial , Price decided to tell the head minister of his church how he struggled with being gay . He wanted to have prayer meetings with ministers and start a church support group . Price told the minister : "  I 'm not the only one . Lots of people are keeping quiet , living double lives . " The minister rebuffed him , saying , "  Wow , it 's times like this , I do n't like being a minister . " "  That 's one aspect of black churches , " Price said . "  They want to turn blind eyes to it . ... I 'm fighting this battle on my own . " Price left that church and found another one last month that is more accepting . "  We pretend it 's not happening , " Price said . "  The virus is being spread . You want to pretend like sex is n't happening . They say , ` Condoms , oh , no ! That 's not for God ! ' What 's not for God is living with ignorance . " The social climate in northern Florida tends to be more conservative , said Harmon . "  There may be a reluctance to talk about this in the family , in the church , in other social settings and to perhaps ignore it , " he said . But there are signs of change . Churches in the community have started to talk about the HIV/AIDS epidemic , said Veronica Hicks , 50 . Hicks has never felt the need to hide her AIDS diagnosis and told her fellow church members and her pastor . "  They embrace me with it , " she said . And Hicks 's church has already started an HIV/AIDS testing and awareness ministry in Jacksonville . While stigma persists in the community , it 's getting better , she said . She reported seeing growing HIV support groups , increasing turnout at community HIV/AIDS events and a recent line of people waiting to get tested at a mobile clinic . "  It shows me that people are willing to become more educated because HIV is prevalent and relevant . "	HIV/AIDS is like "  hush-hush " says one man who tested positive this year Advocates say they ca n't post red ribbons on their offices because of stigma New HIV infection rates are increasing in northern Florida city
CAIRO , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt is suspending ties with France 's famous Louvre museum until the latter returns artifacts that it knew were stolen when it purchased them , the head of the country 's antiquities council said Wednesday . Egypt accuses the Louvre museum of failing to make good on promises to return antiquities . Zahi Hawass , director of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , said he wrote a letter seven years ago to major museums around the world asking them to consult with Egyptian authorities before buying any ancient Egyptian artifacts from outside sellers . Hawass said the Louvre had bought five murals chipped off the walls from a tomb in Thebes and been stolen by antiquities robbers in the 1980s . He sent a letter to the Louvre a year ago asking that the stolen paintings be returned , he said . The museum promised to return the items but has not followed through , he said . Until it does so , Egypt will suspend its cooperation with the Louvre , Hawass said . A Louvre spokesman declined to comment on Egypt 's claims . Egypt maintains antiquities exchange programs with museums around the world . The Louvre is one of the biggest repositories of ancient Egyptian antiquities in the world , much of it treasure taken during the time of the French and British occupation of the country . Egypt 's position is that artifacts taken by European powers during that period are a fait accompli , but anything taken illegally since Egypt 's independence must be returned . This has been one of the major emphases of Hawass since he became head of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in 2002 . Egypt took similar steps against museums in England and Belgium in the past . Those ties were restored after the artifacts in question were returned , Hawass said .	Egypt suspends ties with France 's famous Louvre museum Country accuses museum of failing to return stolen antiquities Louvre is one of world 's biggest repositories of ancient Egyptian antiquities
Washington  CNN  -- A Washington-based imam told CNN on Monday that alleged Fort Hood shooter Nidal Malik Hasan approached him for help finding a wife . Imam Yahya Hendi , the Muslim chaplain at Georgetown University , said Hasan came to him at least two years ago as the cleric conducted services at Bethesda Naval Hospital in Maryland . "  He said he wanted someone to help him serve , deploy and be understandable and understanding of his own military career , " Hendi said . "  He saw himself as someone ... continuing his service with the U.S. military till the end of his career . " The imam said he spoke with Hasan on at least two occasions about his search for a spouse . "  It 's not easy to find , in general , someone who will be willing to travel with you and deploy with you every two years , " Hendi said . "  But he did want a wife who would stand by him , is -LSB- a -RSB- loyal American , who will help him do his work and his service for the U.S. military . " The imam 's comments about Hasan 's search for someone who would remain with him throughout his military career were at odds with some statements by Hasan 's family . Relatives have said Hasan tried unsuccessfully to leave the military early -- requests that may have come after Hasan contacted Hendi . The cleric said he did try to help Hasan in his search , thinking of women he knew to whom he could introduce the Army psychiatrist , but he never heard from Hasan again . Authorities say Hasan opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood Army Post on November 5 , killing 13 people . Hasan , who was seriously wounded in the incident , was charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder -- charges that make him eligible for the death penalty . Two other imams have told CNN similar stories about Hasan 's search for a wife , and about his conservatism and apparent devotion to Islam -- but those accounts seem to be inconsistent with behavior Hasan exhibited in the last few months . The manager of a strip club near Fort Hood has told reporters that Hasan visited the club a handful of times , staying for several hours each time . "  You know , for me , everything that he did is against the teachings of Islam . Killing fellow soldiers , fellow citizen men and women , the shooting , the bloodshed , speaks of someone who did not understand his faith very well . Islam is against going to strip clubs , but it 's also against killing fellow citizens , " Hendi told CNN . When taken as a whole , Hasan 's actions in the weeks before the attack at Fort Hood -- the giving away of his possessions , his sometimes conservative dress in white Muslim clothing , and his previous defense of suicide bombings during presentations to classmates -- seem to be those of someone who was preparing for his own death , said CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen . "  I think what he was doing was sort of a jihadist ` death-by-cop , ' " said Bergen , who based his observations on news reports about Hasan . "  Here 's a guy who obviously had personal problems . He 's a loner , he avoids women basically , has few friends , and then grafted onto that , he finds sort of a jihadist ideology as a way of making sense of everything , and he decides to martyr himself . " Bergen and other experts say Hasan could be someone who engaged in what they call "  self-radicalization " : the idea that militant religion might provide an answer to psychological problems that someone already has . Hasan remained hospitalized in Texas , paralyzed from the waist down , his lawyer said . He was shot by a civilian police officer , who was also wounded in the attack .	Imam : Nidal Malik Hasan wanted wife who could deal with his military career Yahya Hendi is third imam to tell CNN Hasan asked for help finding wife Manager of strip club tells reporters Hasan visited there several times Hendi says strip club visits violate Islam -- and so does "  killing fellow citizens "
CNN  -- Most of us know we should n't be talking on a handheld cell phone while driving . But recent studies suggest that hands-free devices are just as dangerous on the road . Studies suggest that talking on a hands-free cell phone while driving is just as dangerous as a handheld one . Engaging in a phone conversation on a mobile device while driving distracts the brain and delays reaction times , experts said . Drivers are more likely to swerve between lanes , slow down and miss important signs . "  When you 're on a call , even if both hands are on the wheel , your head is in the call , " said Janet Froetscher , president of the National Safety Council , which in January urged legislators in all 50 states to pass laws prohibiting motorists from using cell phone devices . A recent University of Utah study found that drivers engaging in a cell phone conversation on a headset were more likely to make errors behind the wheel than a driver talking to a front-seat passenger . "  It does n't matter what kind of cell phone device they are using , because the impairments are so large , " said University of Utah professor David Strayer , who used a high-tech driving simulator for his experiment . Strayer 's study , published in December , concluded that conversations with a front-seat passenger can actually mitigate accidents , because the passenger can help observe road conditions and warn the driver of possible hazards . In Strayer 's previous studies , he found driving while talking on a mobile device is "  just as bad as driving drunk . " The risk of getting into a car accident while talking on a wireless device -- including headsets and vehicles with built-in communication systems -- is growing as the number of cell phone subscribers increases . There are 270 million cell phone subscribers in the United States , up from 76 million in 1999 , according to CTIA -- The Wireless Association , an organization representing the wireless communications industry . In a survey by Nationwide Insurance , 80 percent of people admitted to talking on their cell phones while driving . About 45 percent of drivers said they have been hit or nearly hit by someone using a cell phone , according to Nationwide 's survey , conducted in 2006 . Some experts said drivers talking on cell phones are four times more likely to get into a crash than those who do n't talk on their phones behind the wheel . One study from the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis estimated that 636,000 traffic accidents each year -- about 6 percent of all accidents -- are caused by drivers using their cell phones , resulting in an estimated 2,600 deaths . Elderly and younger drivers are most at risk of getting into an accident when they talk on a mobile device while driving , said Arthur Kramer , a psychology professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . "  I do n't think legislation alone is the answer , " Kramer said . "  Education needs to go along with the legislation to encourage people that these are risky habits for yourself and for others . " There is no federal law against using handheld devices on the road , but six states and the District of Columbia have such laws , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures , a group that tracks legislative data trends . No states ban the use of hands-free or wireless communication devices , experts said . Some private industries , such as trucking and bus companies , prohibit their employees from using cell phones on the road . Other states restrict teenagers from talking on cell phones while driving . Anne Teigen , a policy specialist on transportation issues for the National Conference of State Legislatures , says states are moving to ban handheld cell phone use . Almost all states have debated the issue , but many governments are reluctant to pass restrictions because they say there is n't enough research . They point out that talking on a mobile device is n't the only distraction . Other distractions , such as reaching for the glove compartment , changing the radio station or putting on makeup , also can cause accidents . The popularity of smart phones equipped with Internet , text messaging and e-mail present drivers with even more distractions . Such new technology also makes it difficult for states to keep their laws updated . "  Then there is the final question of whether these laws are enforceable or not , " Teigen said . Some members of the cell phone industry are advising drivers to stop using cell phones on the road , but few have taken a stance on hands-free devices , because research has been limited . Verizon Wireless was one of the first cellular phone companies to support hands-free driving laws in the early 2000s . The company is focusing on promoting laws against text-messaging while driving . So far , only a handful of states ban the practice . Aegis Mobility , a Vancouver , Canada , company , has created a device that would reduce cell phone usage in cars . The product , DriveAssist , set to launch this fall with a major network carrier in the United States , will enable cell phones to automatically detect when a mobile user is driving . Users can subscribe to DriveAssist 's service , which manages incoming and outgoing calls , text messages and e-mails electronically . Callers get a message that the recipient is driving but can leave an emergency message alerting the driver to pull over and return the call . "  People find it hard to stop talking on their cell phones because we 've been conditioned our entire life to answer the phone , " said David Teater of Spring Lake , Michigan , one of the product 's backers . Five years ago , Teater 's seventh-grade son died in a daytime car accident after a woman talking on her cell phone ran a red light . "  Her life was ruined as well , " Teater said . "  She had no idea what she was doing was so dangerous . The vast majority of drivers have no idea that it 's dangerous . "	Study : Talking on a hands-free cell phone while driving is still dangerous Drivers on cell phones are involved in an estimated 636,000 traffic accidents a year Six states and District of Columbia ban handheld cell phones by drivers DriveAssist service can help drivers stay off the phone by managing calls
CNN  -- Three-time league MVP LeBron James finally has an NBA championship to add to his belt , after the Miami Heat defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 121-106 in game five of the 2012 NBA Finals . The forward , whose search for a championship ring sent him to the Heat from his hometown Cleveland Cavaliers two seasons ago , played a huge role in Thursday 's win with 26 points , 11 rebounds and 13 assists . A triple-double , as well as strong performances in each of the previous games earned James the coveted title of Most Valuable Player  MVP  . "  It 's about damn time , " James told NBA.com upon receiving the award , which was handed to him by NBA legend Bill Russell . "  It 's everything and more . I dreamed about this moment for a long time . Including last night , including today , " James told media following the game , as carried by NBA.com . "  My dream has become a reality now and this is probably the best feeling I 've ever had . " The Heat , who won four games straight to win the best-of-seven series , took a lead early in the game and never let up . James and his teammates led by 25 points in the final minutes of the third quarter . Guard Dwyane Wade , who won his first NBA championship with the Heat in 2006 , added 20 points in Thursday 's victory . "  We had to go through last year , " Wade said of the team 's loss in last year 's NBA Finals . "  As much as it hurt , we had to experience it to get here , this season . " The Thunder , who kicked off the series with a big win against the Heat at home , lost games two and three by just a handful of points in the finals minutes of each game . Despite the loss , head coach Scott Brooks said his young team will learn from the finals experience . "  I think when you play against the best , you learn . You do n't get better by playing bad teams , " Brooks said . "  We 've played against the best three teams in the last few years and we 've learned . " Forward Kevin Durant had a game-high 32 points but said that this is the hardest thing he and his team have been through . "  It 's tough , that 's the only way to explain it . As a whole I 'm proud of the guys for how we 've fought all season , " Durant told media following the game . "  I would n't want to play for anyone else or any other city . "	Miami Heat won 2012 NBA Championship with a 121-106 win over Oklahoma City Thunder Forward LeBron James was awarded the Finals MVP after scoring 26 points Thunder coach Scott Brooks said the Heat 's physicality won them championship Thunder foward Kevin Durant said loss is toughest thing his young team has been through
CNN  -- He was antisocial and difficult to work with at first . He 'd clearly been abused by his father as evidenced by the deep , round scab near his shoulder . He had n't been eating well . And he was so skittish that the slightest noise or motion set him off . But Army veteran Jeff Wilson needed a new dog , and this pound puppy -- a border collie-German shepherd mix -- was it . He named him Lobo , and it was n't long before Wilson , 44 , realized they had the same issues . "  We were kind of kindred spirits , " he said . "  I think it really helped deepen our connection because he was n't just helping me ; I was helping him . I was helping him get past the same obstacles that I had . I had to recognize it in myself and get past that to help him . " Wilson is a former tank commander and flight engineer who is n't at liberty to speak about his time in Iraq other than to say he manned a machine gun while hanging out of the door of a helicopter . He can also say that he was often "  exposed to very dangerous situations " during his 14 years in the service . He has been diagnosed with depression and anxiety from post-traumatic stress disorder , and he 's not alone . According to the Department of Veterans Affairs , 11 % to 20 % of Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans are suffering from PTSD . Wilson said his depression turned him into a hermit . He would "  curl up and not talk to anybody , " and his anxiety made it difficult to go into public . If he did leave the house , he was hypervigilant . If someone walked up behind him or dropped something that emitted a clatter , it triggered the "  fight or flight " mechanism he 'd groomed in the military . The anxiety was so bad that before he was diagnosed with PTSD , he went to the emergency room four times because he thought he was having a heart attack . He "  self-medicated " so heavily with booze that it strained the relationship between him and his now-wife of two years . "  I was having to drink to numb all my senses and be quasi-normal , " he said . But today , with Lobo by his side , Wilson is finding it easier to cope . The two have been working with Operation Freedom Paws , a nonprofit in Gilroy , California , that helps veterans train their own service dogs . It is run by Mary Cortani , a veteran and one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . Veterans in Focus : Celebrating , honoring veterans When veterans train "  their own service dog , there are immediate benefits right off the bat , " Cortani said . "  They have a mission and a purpose again . It gives them something to focus on and to complete . It gives them a sense of security and safety . ... They know they 're not alone . They 've always got their buddy at the end of the leash . " Now Wilson tells Lobo , "  Watch my back , " and his four-legged friend stands behind him and gives him a nudge if anyone approaches . When something stokes Wilson 's anxiety , Lobo senses it , jumps up and puts his paws on Wilson 's chest so he can redirect his focus . "  Knowing he 's there makes me comfortable , " Wilson said . "  I 'm not worried about the attacks . I still think about them , but I 'm not hampered by them . I can go to the movies . " A study on hold The Veterans Affairs Department recently put a study on hold that would determine the effectiveness of canine therapy for troops suffering from PTSD . Until that study is complete , the VA will continue providing dogs for a variety of ailments , but not PTSD . Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Georgia , co-sponsored the 2009 legislation that kicked off the study . He was inspired by the strides that dogs helped his mother make from 1995 to 1998 after she was stricken with Alzheimer 's . "  She was n't very fond of dogs at all , but when she developed Alzheimer 's , they became a key part of her therapy , " the senator said . "  She was unable to really communicate at that time , but you could easily tell , emotionally , the calming effect the service dogs had . " Dogs : A medicine for mental health problems ? Isakson said the VA is rewriting the parameters of the study to take into account the dogs ' temperaments and the importance of matching the trainers , not just the dogs , with the patients . Yet not everyone is convinced "  the VA has the right stuff " to conduct the necessary experiments , said Corey Hudson , CEO of Canine Companions for Independence and president of the North American chapter of the umbrella organization , Assistance Dogs International . Hudson said he hopes the study will be large enough to consider the broad gamut of symptoms associated with PTSD , as well as the anecdotal evidence suggesting canine companions can help tug the disorder 's sufferers from their shells . "  There 's something mystical and magical about dogs and people and placing them together , " said Hudson , who has "  worked with and against the VA " during his 22 years of experience with assistance dogs . Canine Companions for Independence has more than 900 puppy raisers and works to pair veterans with dogs regardless of whether the VA shells out for it . Hudson does n't cite scientific studies , such as the one that says canine interaction increases a human 's level of oxytocin , a hormone that reduces anxiety and blood pressure . Instead , he speaks about how dogs love unconditionally and do n't judge . He explains how they naturally spark social interaction -- "  Cool dog ; can I pet her ? " -- and how ownership precludes people from locking themselves in their homes , away from society . "  You can also use them as an excuse to get out of things or leave early , " Hudson said . Case in point Shadow is one pooch accustomed to being used for such occasions . The 2-year-old Labrador-Bernese mountain dog mix is the inseparable pal of Jennifer Haeffner , a seven-year Army veteran who had been housebound for about five years before meeting Shadow in the summer . "  He 's a very active dog . It makes me do things . I do n't have the option of hiding in the house . I have to go out , " said the 41-year-old Ripon , California , resident . Share your story , honor a veteran During Operation Desert Storm , where she served for about nine months between 1991 and 1992 , she was sexually assaulted on multiple occasions by other service members , she said . It 's a fairly common occurrence that befalls about one in four women in the military , according to the VA. . It left her feeling alone in the world . She wanted to disappear . She forgot how to deal with people and eventually became a recluse , considering it a "  good month " if she got out just once to shop for groceries . She did n't attend any of her large family 's gatherings . Too many people and too much noise , she said . It terrified her . "  For years after that , I would go out and wander the streets late at night , just hoping someone would kill me because I was n't brave enough to kill myself , " she said . About five months ago , her therapist recommended that she meet Cortani . Cortani recalls Haeffner would n't look her in the eye when they met . Her leg bounced when she spoke , and she pressed her fingernails into her arm . Her boyfriend was constantly by her side . "  You could just tell the pain and the anguish that even meeting me for the first time was causing , " said Cortani , an Army veteran herself . Who 's your CNN Hero of the Year ? Vote now Operation Freedom Paws teaches participants to train their own dogs , to customize their behavior . First , the dogs learn to sit , then heel -- the basic stuff . Shadow now knows how to pick things up for Haeffner so she does n't put stress on her bad back and hips . He acts as a barrier , physically putting himself between her and any new people she meets . When she wakes up feeling gloomy , he lets her stay in bed and pet him until she 's ready to face the day . If she hears a sound during the night , he stays by her side as she checks it out , and Shadow is quick to snap her out of nightmares . "  He 'll breathe on me or lay his head across mine to wake me up , " she said of her 55-pound companion . "  If I 'm in a bad mood , he 'll come over and insist I play with his toy or lay his lead in my lap or lick my feet -- cheer me up . " Cortani said the difference between the Haeffner of five months ago and the Haeffner of today is like "  night and day . " She builds friendships . She 's been to the aquarium . She 's gone horseback riding . She goes places without her boyfriend . "  She 's creating her own new normal , " Cortani said . Added Haeffner : "  I 'm much better now . I 'm happier . " Afghan girls take brave first step Young caregivers put life on hold What really sways teens not to drink , drive ? Haitians living in fear ` under the tent ' Finding musical ` diamonds ' in the slums of Paradise City CNN 's Christie O'Reilly contributed to this report .	Many Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans are suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder Some are finding it easier to cope with their symptoms thanks to service dogs The dogs help them with their anxiety and give them the confidence to socialize again Top 10 CNN Hero Mary Cortani helps veterans in California train their own service dogs
CNN  -- Uruguay 's controversial World Cup star Luis Suarez has been given a seven-match suspension after being found guilty of biting an opposition player in a Dutch league match . The striker will miss six Eredivisie games as well as a Dutch Cup tie , ruling him out until his club Ajax 's next league match at home to De Graafschap on February 4 . The Amsterdam side 's captain was punished by the Royal Netherlands Football Association following an incident in Sunday 's 0-0 draw with PSV Eindhoven . The 23-year-old -- who was infamously sent off during the World Cup quarterfinal against Ghana in July after saving a goal-bound attempt with his hands -- was investigated after biting PSV player Otman Bakkal . "  Ajax and Luis Suarez have accepted the KNVB 's settlement proposal of a seven-match suspension , " said a statement on the club 's website on Wednesday . Ajax had already fined Suarez and banned him for the club 's next two domestic matches . "  The fine will go towards a charitable cause , " Ajax said . Suarez , who played in Ajax 's 4-0 defeat by Real Madrid on Tuesday night , will be available for the final Champions League Group G match at AC Milan on December 8 . He was named the 2010 Dutch footballer of the year after scoring 49 goals in all competitions last season , and has now netted more than 100 times for Ajax since joining the club in 2007 . Meanwhile , European football 's ruling body UEFA will look at the red cards incurred by Real 's Sergio Ramos and Xabi Alonso late in the Amsterdam match , the UK Press Association reported on Wednesday . Both players received second yellow cards for time-wasting late in the match , meaning they will miss the final group game against French club Auxerre . The Spanish club have already earned a place in the second round , and the duo 's disciplinary is effectively wiped clean ahead of the two-legged last-16 tie in February and March . PA reported that if the players were ruled to have been purposefully booked , they could be charged and have their suspensions extended . Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho denied that he had given such instructions to the duo . "  I spoke with many players throughout the game , not only with Ramos and Alonso , " he told reporters . "  The two red cards were the result of strange referee bookings in an easy game to monitor . "  I did n't like them one bit , but if Ramos or Alonso ca n't face Auxerre , others will take their place . We will not give our game against the French away . We want to win all our matches . "	Ajax captain Luis Suarez punished following incident in Dutch Eredivisie match Uruguay striker ruled out until early February after being found guilty of biting opponent He will miss seven domestic matches but can still play in the Champions League UEFA to investigate red cards given to Real Madrid players for time-wasting
In Mississippi , you will never be denied a colossal soda or huge restaurant portion because of a city ordinance . Gov. Phil Bryant signed a law preventing counties , districts and towns from enacting rules that limit portion sizes . It follows New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's attempt to ban the sale of large , sugary drinks in the city -- a move that fizzled when a judge blocked the effort . The Mississippi measure was dubbed the "  Anti-Bloomberg " bill . The new law says only the state legislature has the authority to regulate the sale and marketing of food on a statewide basis . "  It simply is not the role of the government to micro-regulate citizens ' dietary decisions , " the governor wrote about his decision . " "  The responsibility for one 's personal health depends on individual choices about a proper diet and appropriate exercise . " Mississippi has the nation 's highest rate of obesity , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . About 34.9 % of the state 's adult population was obese in 2011 , the report said . But Bryant said recent studies show that obesity among Mississippi elementary students has dropped 13.3 % between 2005 and 2011 . "  We believe there 's enough regulation , " said Mississippi state Sen. Tony Smith , the bill 's author and a restaurant owner . "  If the market demands that I serve a more healthy food , I 'll do that to meet to the market demand , " he said . "  But ... why should I risk my capital , my hard work , my efforts that I 've put in to build a restaurant on the thinking of what a government official thinks ? " "  It does n't prevent local government from promoting healthy foods , " said Mike Cashion , executive director of the Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association , which lobbied for the legislation . . "  What it does do is prevent them from creating policy mandates for the sake of consistency and uniformity . "	Cities ca n't limit food or drink portions at restaurants "  We believe there 's enough regulation , " says the bill 's author , a restaurant owner Mississippi has the nation 's highest rate of obesity But the state says obesity among elementary students has dropped 13.3 %
CNN  -- A moon circling Jupiter has sent up a small flare . It may be telling astronomers that life could be supported there , and it may offer a way of finding out . The scientists have recognized a puff of water vapor sprouting 125 miles high above Europa in a special image captured by the Hubble Space Telescope , NASA said Thursday . "  We pushed Hubble to its limits to see this very faint emission , " said Joachim Saur , the telescope 's lead investigator on the project . They 're not quite sure yet , but Saur , a professor at the University of Cologne in Germany , believes that a geyser on Europa 's south pole blustered the vapor up from a water source under the moon 's surface . Aquatic life Many scientists feel certain that a deep ocean lies beneath the icy , miles-thick shell that covers the moon , the American Geophysical Union said . The whole celestial body looks like a white , scratchy ball of ice . Europa , which is too far away from the sun to enjoy the warmth of its golden rays , has surface temperatures as low as -328 degrees Fahrenheit , the AGU said . It 's hardly a temperature anything living could survive at . But the moon is probably heated from within . Friction caused by Jupiter 's gravitational pull on its core keeps the internal ocean from freezing , scientists believe . Its water might have the right chemistry to sustain some very basic aquatic life . And this newly recognized vapor trail may offer an easier way of finding that out , astronomer Lorenz Roth told NASA . He analyzed the data Hubble collected . "  If those plumes are connected with the subsurface water ocean we are confident exists under Europa 's crust , then this means that future investigations can directly investigate the chemical makeup of Europa 's potentially habitable environment without drilling through layers of ice . And that is tremendously exciting . " A cheaper flight Instead of having to land there with heavy borer rigs loaded onto a large , expensive spacecraft to collect a water sample , a probe could now just fly into the vapor , suck some of it in and analyze it . Money is important , when it comes to studying Europa . Most of what astronomers know about it comes from data picked up by the Galileo mission to Jupiter , which ended in 2003 and was plagued with funding blackouts , the AGU said . NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory has been trying to come up with lower-budget experiments to make funding for a mission more likely , according to the AGU . They would involve an orbiter to observe the surface long-term and a spacecraft that would fly there to take radar images of what 's underneath the ice . Now , there may be another , even more enticing and equally thrifty experiment to add to the list . Need more pics But before all that can happen , Hubble needs to snap few more images of the plumes to confirm the discovery . And even then , it may take Saur and his colleagues a while to feel comfortable with their analysis of the spectrographic images that discern light waves from Europa . The vapor is not visible to the naked eye . Hubble was able to detect it only because electrons crashed into it , converting it into hydrogen and oxygen molecules . Thursday 's announcement was based on images recorded in December of last year , NASA said . It took that long to be reasonably sure that the clouds were n't caused by something else , like charged particles flying there through Jupiter 's magnetic field or a meteor crashing down . Dolphins ? Nah If a mission to Europa gets launched , do n't expect it to turn up a dolphin . Because of the extreme conditions in that ocean -- if it exists -- scientists would probably find -- if anything -- the kind of microbes that live under Earth 's arctic caps or near undersea volcanoes , the AGU said . This is n't the first time scientists have found water vapor coming from another planet 's moon . A NASA orbiter has detected similar spouts on one of Saturn 's moons , Enceladus , NASA said . But this is a sensational find , if it is confirmed . It may represent the closest place to Earth where scientists could find still-existing life outside of our planet .	Scientists strongly believe there is an ocean hidden under the ice surface of Europa The Hubble Space Telescope captured a spectrographic image showing water vapor Astronomers believe it came from a geyser connected to the hidden ocean The vapor could make it possible for a space probe to analyze the water for signs of life
U.S. military planners quietly have stepped up a review of alternatives in case the Turkish government restricts U.S. access to Turkish airspace or cuts off access to the air base at Incirlik , Turkey , CNN has learned . U.S. Air Force planes prepare to take off in November 2001 from the air base at Incirlik , Turkey . Turkey has threatened such action after congressional moves to declare that the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks in World War I was "  genocide . " Turkey -- now a NATO member and a key U.S. ally in the war on terror -- accepts Armenians were killed but calls it a massacre during a chaotic time , not an organized campaign of genocide . The recent rise in tensions between Turkey and the United States has led the military to increase its planning for alternatives , two military officials with direct knowledge of the ongoing assessment said . "  Events have triggered more detailed planning for the curtailment or closure " of access to Turkey , one official said . The key issue is to find ways to ship supplies and other critical equipment into Iraq . The U.S. military already had been considering alternatives to Turkey because of the growing dependence on that country after the cutback of U.S. forces in central Asia in recent years . But now , with more "  detailed planning " under way , the military is considering a variety of options in hopes of being ready for whatever , if anything , the Turks do . U.S. officials say Turkey 's options range from a complete cutoff , including ending overland access routes from southern Turkey into Iraq , to less drastic options that simply restrict U.S. access . The initial assessment is that any cutoff from current access to Turkey would force the U.S. military into longer cargo flights , which would mean extra costs for fuel and for wear and tear on equipment . It may also look for other air hubs in Jordan or Kuwait , officials say . See Turkey 's strategic position " Defense Secretary Robert Gates earlier this week pointed out , "  Seventy percent of the air cargo , American air cargo , going into Iraq goes through Turkey . Seventy percent of the fuel that goes in for our forces goes in ... through Turkey ... "  For those who are concerned that we get as many of these mine-resistant ambush-protected heavy vehicles into Iraq as possible , 95 percent of those vehicles today are being flown into Iraq through Turkey . " Turkey on Thursday recalled its ambassador to the United States and warned of repercussions in the growing dispute . On Wednesday , in a 27-21 vote , the U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs passed the measure labeling the killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turkish forces "  genocide . " President Bush and key administration figures lobbied hard against the measure , saying it would create unnecessary headaches for U.S. relations with Turkey . The full House could soon vote on the genocide resolution . A top Turkish official warned Thursday that consequences "  wo n't be pleasant " if it approves the measure . The resolution arrives at a particularly sensitive point in U.S.-Turkish relations . The United States has urged Turkey not to send its troops over the border into northern Iraq to fight Kurdish separatist rebels , who launched some cross-border attacks against Turkish targets . Watch a report on the gathering storm along the border " The Turkish military is poised to strike across the border to fight the group -- the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK -- a move opposed by the Bush administration . The Turkish parliament could give approval for the incursion into Iraq as early as next week . E-mail to a friend	Turkey has threatened restricting U.S. access to Turkish airspace Tensions come after vote calling the killing of Armenians genocide Key issue is to find ways to ship supplies and other critical equipment into Iraq Any cutoff would force the U.S. military into longer cargo flights
CNN  -- Halle Berry 's reason for returning to TV in CBS 's "  Extant " are simple : She goes "  where the work is , " as she told the network . And lately -- especially amid the rise of streaming original series and creatively compelling cable dramas -- an actress looking for strong material looks to TV just as often as she looks to the silver screen . In the past , an Oscar winner trading in a movie script for something airing on a broadcast network might have signaled a dwindling career . Now , "  the lines are blurring , " Berry said . "  I have never looked at TV as a negative . As I was doing well in my movie career , I always came back to do television movies . I go where the work is . I go where the characters are . And I 'm happy that other people are starting to do the same thing . " "  Extant , " created by Mickey Fisher and executive produced by Steven Spielberg , is set in the near future and stars Berry as Molly Woods , an astronaut who 's returning home after a 13-month solo mission . As Molly tries to readjust to her terrestrial family -- which includes a husband  Goran Visnjic  and an android son  Pierce Gagnon  -- she 's hit with the news that she 's somehow pregnant .  In case you were wondering , Spielberg says he "  read the script long before I knew about -LSB- 2013 's -RSB- ` Gravity ' or had ever seen ` Gravity . ' " Already picked up for 13 episodes , "  Extant " sets itself up to ponder how Molly got pregnant if she was on a mission by herself , especially with a history of fertility issues . "  You find out but slowly , " Berry told CBS . "  It 's very mysterious , it 's very suspenseful , and there are many twists and turns along the way getting to that resolve . " After viewing the pilot episode , critics are cautiously optimistic .  Many , it seems , still have bitter feelings toward CBS for the bait-and-switch of "  Under the Dome . " "  A movie star has descended to television -- network television no less -- and she is not putting on airs , " says Slate 's Willa Paskin . " ` Extant ' ... tosses sci-fi films from ' 2001 ' to ` A.I. ' to ` Sunshine ' in a blender , and serves up a psychologically minded speculative smoothie , complete with impregnating aliens , emotional robots , and vast conspiracies . No one element of this show feels original , and yet I would totally watch more , even if just to peep at the sleek futuristic garbage cans again . " Variety too thought that "  Extant " "  feels a bit like a Steven Spielberg greatest  and not-so-greatest  hits album " but does n't view that as "  an indictment so much as a road map to this CBS summer drama . ... It 's certainly an intriguing launch ; but then again , so was ` Under the Dome ' before that narratively ran into a brick wall . " HitFix 's Alan Sepinwall found "  a genuine sense of tension to the first episode , " adding that "  it feels like the characters live in a fully-realized science fiction world . ... Berry provides  pardon the pun  enough gravity to make ` Extant ' feel like a genuine work of science fiction , rather than a soap opera dressed up in sci-fi drag , which happens too often on the broadcast networks . It 's a good start , at least . " Not everyone sees "  Extant 's " potential . The New York Times ' Alessandra Stanley thinks "  the creators deserve credit for trying to revive this kind of classic science-fiction mystery , " yet she found that "  the premiere , while entertaining and expertly produced , does n't hold out a lot of promise . " For USA Today 's Robert Bianco , Berry herself is "  Extant 's " trump card . "  She brings a dignity and gravity to Molly , a projected intelligence that allows you to buy her as an astronaut and to see what has happened to her as frightening rather than ridiculous , " Bianco observes . "  Berry 's all in , and you float along . ...  L  et 's hope ` Extant ' does n't let her , and us , down . " CBS 's hour-long "  Extant " premieres at 9 p.m. ET/PT today . Stevie Nicks joins ` The Voice ' ` Better Call Saul ' will take place before , during and after ` Breaking Bad ' ` Community ' gets new life on Yahoo	Halle Berry returns to TV in CBS ' "  Extant " The actress says the lines between movies and TV are blurring Most critics have been intrigued by the premiere episode
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A song Michael Jackson recorded 31 years ago is out , the first single from the upcoming "  Xscape " album . Jackson wrote , recorded and produced "  Love Never Felt So Good " with Paul Anka in 1983 , but it has been "  contemporized " by Anka and Jackson estate co-executor John McClain , according to an Epic Records news release . The song has "  a magic combination of the new and the original production that retains the track 's analog , early 80s feel , while also sounding right at home with the disco-soul inflected music of today , " the label said . The track debuted during the iHeartRadio Music Awards on Thursday night . Online music services , including iTunes , have it for downloading starting early Friday morning , Epic said . Jackson and Anka worked on the song at about the same time they wrote and recorded "  This Is It , " which eventually became the theme song to a documentary based on Jackson 's preparations for a tour that never happened because of his death . Jackson died at age 50 on June 25 , 2009 , while preparing for his "  This Is It " comeback tour . Eight previously unheard Michael Jackson songs , originally recorded between 1983 and 1999 , will be released on the new album May 13 , Epic Records announced in March . Epic Chairman L.A. Reid chose several producers with the "  gravitas , depth and range to creatively engage with Jackson 's work " to update the recordings for release , Epic said . New Michael Jackson album coming in May : ` Xscape ' Timbaland is the lead producer , with contributions from Rodney Jerkins , Stargate , Jerome "  J-Roc " Harmon and McClain , the release said . A bonus version of "  Love Never Felt So Good " features Justin Timberlake along with Jackson . Sony 's Columbia Epic Records -- Jackson 's record label for three decades -- signed a longterm deal with Jackson 's estate to posthumously release music from the large archives of his recordings . Reid "  was granted unlimited access to the treasures representing four decades of material on which Jackson had completed his vocals , " the announcement said . "  New " music is not always met with a warm reception from fans and the Jackson family . Some questioned the authenticity of the vocals on a 2010 album , although the estate and the record company said sound experts verified Jackson 's voice .	Jackson wrote , recorded "  Love Never Felt So Good " with Paul Anka in 1983 The release has "  a magic combination of the new and the original production , " label says Old Jackson song is "  right at home with the disco-soul inflected music of today , " Epic says Epic has a deal with Jackson 's estate to mine his archives for new albums
CNN  -- Top executives of the company that owned the Deepwater Horizon oil rig announced Tuesday they will donate their safety bonuses to the families of the 11 workers killed in the April 2010 explosion in the Gulf of Mexico . The announcement follows criticism of a Transocean Ltd. financial filing that claimed 2010 was its "  best year " in safety . "  The executive team made this decision because we believe it is the right thing to do , " Chief Executive Officer Steven Newman said in a statement Tuesday . "  Nothing is more important to Transocean than our people , and it was never our intent to diminish the effect the Macondo tragedy has had on those who lost loved ones , " he said . "  We offer our most sincere apologies and we regret the impact this matter has had on the entire Transocean family . " The five executives will donate more than $ 250,000 to the Deepwater Horizon Memorial Fund , which Transocean established . The fund has distributed more than $ 1.6 million to the 11 families . The executives were identified as Newman ; Ricardo H. Rosa , senior vice president and chief financial officer ; Arnaud A.Y. Bobillier , executive vice president , asset and performance ; Eric Brown , executive vice president , legal & administration ; and Ihab M. Toma , executive vice president , global business . Transocean Ltd. , in a recent filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , said hefty bonuses and raises to top executives were based in part on the company 's "  performance under safety " last year . "  Notwithstanding the tragic loss of life in the Gulf of Mexico , we achieved an exemplary statistical safety record as measured by our total recordable incident rate and total potential severity rate , " the SEC statement reads . "  As measured by these standards , we recorded the best year in safety performance in our company 's history . " Safety accounted for 25 % of the performance measures that determined the 2010 bonus plan , the proxy form stated . Transocean tried to clear the water first with an apology Monday . "  We acknowledge that some of the wording in our 2010 proxy statement may have been insensitive in light of the incident that claimed the lives of eleven exceptional men last year and we deeply regret any pain that it may have caused , " Transocean said in a statement to CNN . "  Nothing in the proxy was intended to minimize this tragedy or diminish the impact it has had on those who lost loved ones . Everyone at Transocean continues to mourn the loss of these friends and colleagues . " The April 20 , 2010 , explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig , which was leased to BP , injured 17 workers and killed 11 others , including nine Transocean employees , according to the SEC filing . It has been called the worst spill in U.S. history . The well was capped three months later , but not before millions of barrels of oil spilled into the Gulf .	Transocean Ltd. senior executives will donate safety bonuses Executives get pay raises in part for the safety record , earlier SEC filing says Cash awards based in part on company safety record Despite Gulf explosion oil spill , company called 2010 "  best year in safety "
Rolling Stone  -- Mumford & Sons confirmed that their second album will released on September 24 in an interview conducted by 3FM backstage at the Pinkpop festival in the Netherlands yesterday . "  We finished the record this week , " says multi-instrumentalist Ben Lovett . "  We hope to get it out in September . We just figured that out , September 24th . " Lovett says that the band 's new album will not be tremendously different from their hit debut "  Sigh No More . " "  There 's similarities , yeah , " he says . "  Nothing 's really changed in our dynamic as a band . We write songs together and they 're very much based in our experiences . The instruments are pretty much the same , except for a few we 've picked up along the way . For the most part , it 's a progression . We do n't want to reinvent ourselves . " The band have commitments to play several shows in the meantime , but according to Lovett , they will be focusing on material from "  Sigh No More " in those gigs . "  Right now we 're in a period between the two records , but we 're very much focusing on moving forward . We 're going to play some of the songs from ` Sigh No More ' in the next few months and I guess every band has to go through it , but it 's new to us . " Later that night , Mumford & Sons joined Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band for a joyful rendition of "  Hungry Heart . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Mumford & Sons ' second album will released on September 24 "  We finished the record this week , " says multi-instrumentalist Ben Lovett Lovett says that the band 's new album will not be tremendously different from "  Sigh No More . "
CNN  -- "  Blood , sweat , and tears " on the football pitch used to mean a very different thing in Sierra Leone . In a country where Ebola is spreading faster than anywhere else on the planet -- with around 7,000 reported cases so far -- each droplet of bodily fluid evokes suspicion . Here , even a post-match handshake is an uneasy encounter . In this fearful new climate , football has been banned . And to sports-obsessed Sierra Leoneans , the embargo is tantamount to forbidding God . "  Football is like a second religion in Sierra Leone , " explained the country 's Football Association president Isha Johansen . "  Bearing in mind this is a poor country , you would have situations where people would rather go without food , just so they could buy tickets to a big football match . " On Sundays , the long stretch of sand at Lumley Beach , outside the capital of Freetown , would usually be filled with thousands of people playing the national sport . That was before the outbreak which has had over 1,400 new cases in the last three weeks alone , making Sierra Leone set to eclipse Liberia as the worst-affected country on the globe , according to the World Health Organisation . Now the national premier league has been suspended . Casual kick-abouts in the community have dried up . Even watching the game in halls and cinemas has come to a standstill . "  This virus is about sweat , blood , and interaction , " said 50-year-old Johansen , when I meet her in an inner-city London caf  , a world away from the devastation back home . "  And that 's football . There 's a lot of interaction , there 's a lot of sweat and blood . " Do n't touch Beyond the deadly virus itself , are the psychological effects on a naturally "  touchy , feely people who love to hug and hold hands , " said Johansen . "  It 's a very strained and difficult place to be in mentally . You have to reprogram yourself . So you find that when people reach out to you , it 's kind of like ` argh , ' she says , screwing up her elegant face and holding up her hands . "  I think one of the vital things we 've failed to adhere to as a people , is not to touch a sick person , " she says of a disease in which 20 % of transmissions happen during burials . "  And that is such basic humanity , is n't it ? When someone you love is sick , you want to hold that person , you want to carry them , " says the mother-of-one . "  But you ca n't . " Invisible enemy Just over a decade after the civil war which left more than 50,000 people dead , the country is now facing a new , invisible enemy . "  It 's not like the war that we 've been through whereby you saw the rebels coming , " said Johansen , who as a little girl never owned a doll , instead playing football with her brothers and their friends . "  But with Ebola , you wake up one morning and it 's hit a town , it 's hit another town . For a long time we did n't know the signs , we did n't know the symptoms to look out for . " Morocco 's call Indeed , what initially appears to be a common cold , can quickly escalate into vomiting , diarrhea , and bleeding -- both internally and externally . Transmission through bodily fluids makes football a ripe setting for infection , and last month Morocco reneged on hosting the 2015 African Nations Cup due to fears over the spread of the disease . "  Let 's just say I was n't surprised , " said Johansen , who is also owner of a premier league club called -- FC Johansen . "  I think if I was in Morocco 's position , I would be focusing on saving lives and wanting to contain the Ebola virus , " she says with a resigned sigh . Coming from Sierra Leone , Johansen knows full well what it 's like having to "  beg to play in other countries . " Her country 's players have reportedly suffered "  humiliating " prejudice at away games , with opponents refusing to their shake hands and crowds chanting "  Ebola " at matches . Women 's work Personally , Johansen also suffered "  the most humiliating attacks I have ever endured " -- though rather than Ebola , she says they related to her gender . As one of only two women to head a national football association in the world , Johansen says she came under fire in a country where "  women are still perceived to know their place . " "  In Sierra Leone , football is their all . And you do n't see women playing it , you do n't see women telling them how to do it , and you certainly do n't see women organizing it , " says the daughter of one of the founding members of the country 's East End Lions Football Club , who as a child grew up with footballers constantly walking in and out of her family home . "  Yes , horrible things were said about me that I would n't want to repeat . Very , very degrading things and cartoons . Bearing in mind , that I am a mother , and I am somebody 's wife , and I am somebody 's daughter , " she says about slurs during her campaign for the top job in 2012 . Her coping method has been to switch off from local media and social networks . "  I do n't see it , I do n't read it , " she says . "  I kind of disconnect from that and just stay focused . " Cleaning up She believes part of the vitriol has come from her hardline stance on corruption . "  The FA was in total tatters before I came in , " she says . "  We had a bad reputation internally and externally . We had no structures . Integrity was at an all time low . There was no discipline . " And in a country where football and gambling go hand-in-hand , Johansen 's zero tolerance was a hard pill to swallow . "  If people choose to gamble as a recreational pastime , well that 's up to them , " she says , hands clasped around a mug of mint tea . "  But you can not have people in high administrative offices participating in gambling or betting . It 's a no-no . " When it comes to corruption allegations at the highest levels of football 's international governing body , FIFA , Johansen is less willing to talk tough . "  All these things that are swimming around , these controversies , is something that I really would n't like to get involved in , " she says . "  It 's really unfortunate , and I 'm really hoping that FIFA can rise above it much sooner than later , " she says of the organization which this year gave Sierra Leone 's Football Association $ 750,000 plus another $ 50,000 towards social projects used for tackling Ebola . Does that mean Johansen will be voting for FIFA president Sepp Blatter in next year 's election ? "  Sepp Blatter has been very supportive of African nations and trying to build up our football development , " she says , choosing her words carefully . "  And in that respect I think , not just myself , but I most African countries will recognize that . " For now , her main focus is on the virus which has so far claimed over 1,400 lives across the country , and silenced its beloved football fields . "  We 're just waiting for that day when they tell us -- boom ! -- the vaccine is out , go and take your jabs , " she says . "  Every morning we wake up waiting to hear that message . "  And it 'll come . " Insight : ` Criminal ' twist in World Cup scandal Investigation : Why women were n't good enough for FIFA report	Sierra Leoneans ' love affair with football hit by Ebola Games canceled , watching in public spaces stopped People must ` reprogram ' themselves not to touch Psychological effects on naturally ` touchy , feely ' community
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Juana Vidal yearns to reunite with her undocumented immigrant son and his family , but she fears the stakes involved . Her son , Elesban Vidal , his wife and their two daughters will join as many as 125 families that will try to cross the California-Mexico border on Monday and demand that U.S. officials allow them back in the country to join with their U.S. relatives through a humanitarian visa or asylum . Most , if not all , of the 125 families had earlier lived in the United States as undocumented immigrants , including some who were earlier deported . The dramatic maneuver by so many families is designed to renew attention to how the U.S. immigration system painfully breaks up families when members are deported for being undocumented immigrants . The families will stage their event on the Mexico side of the Otay Mesa point of entry , between San Diego and Tijuana . "  I 'm very worried . I 'm nervous . I sometimes ca n't sleep because I 'm thinking something could happen to them , " Juana Vidal said . That 's the feeling Juana Vidal has had since she found out a few weeks ago that her son and his family will be attempting to return from Puebla , Mexico , where they have been living the past two years . "  He 's afraid but says he will try to see if he 's able to come back , " Juana Vidal , 56 , said in an interview in her Los Angeles home . She spends her time caring for her other U.S.-born grandchildren . She will anxiously wait on the U.S. side of the Otay Mesa crossing to see if her son and his family will be admitted . Her son and his wife had been living in the United States as undocumented immigrants , but they were never arrested and voluntarily returned to Mexico after he could n't find a decent job . Their two daughters , however , were born in the United States and are American citizens , and the Vidal family hopes the citizen status of the two girls , ages 3 and 5 , will help their visa applications so that grandparents can be reunited with grandchildren and their parents . Elesban Vidal also wants to unite his family with his siblings , who live in the United States . The family wo n't find Monday 's quest easy , experts say . The event is part of the "  Bring them Home " campaign led by the National Immigrant Youth Alliance  NIYA  , which calls itself "  an undocumented youth-led network " of groups that tries to reunite families . "  It 's incredible that we have to rely on actions like this , " said Luis Nolasco , a member of NIYA . "  There are so many families that want a way to come back . The reality should be that they should be able to come back an easier way and it 's not happening , " Nolasco says everyday hundreds of families are being separated under President Barack Obama 's administration . Almost 2 million undocumented immigrants have been deported since the President took office five years ago , he said . Monday 's action will be the third and largest event staged so far by the alliance . Deportations : Missing parents , scared kids "  What happens is people will present themselves at the border and will be asked to be let back into the country because this is their home for lot of them , " Nolsaco said . Immigrants who have not been able to obtain a visa for entry can apply for an alternative visa known as humanitarian parole , according to the Department of Homeland Security website . These types of visas allow foreign residents to come into the country based on their particular situation . However , immigration lawyers say humanitarian parole is n't an easy document to obtain and that it 's granted case-by-case . "  It 's a benefit that 's given to individuals that want to come to the United States , generally for emergency reasons . It 's applied either with United States Citizenship Immigration Services or with U.S. Customs and Border Protection at the Border , " said Nelson Castillo , a California-based immigration lawyer . Castillo said humanitarian parole is granted to those with true emergency or medical situations where they have to explain to an officer at the border why they want to be received by the United States . "  Generally they have to prove that they have tried to obtain a way to come in lawfully into the United States and they will have to plead out their case to what is the valid reason , the emergency , " Castillo said . Long-lost son , 37 , to finally see mother after 35 years abroad The National Immigrant Youth Alliance says these families have the right to come back to this country , as many have children who are U.S. citizens . "  They lived here , they grew up here , and studied here . This is their community and this is their home and they do n't recognize Mexico as their home country . Just because they were born there does n't mean it 's their home , " said Nolasco . The alliance 's other two efforts to reunite families involved nine young adults and 30 young adults -- all of them who once lived in the United States as undocumented immigrants but had left the country for one reason or another , including through deportation . Those two groups used the current political coinage of "  Dreamers " to describe themselves -- that is , young immigrants in the United States without documentation . Dreamer is a moniker taken after an acronym of immigration reform legislation . "  The first run had nine Dreamers , second round had 30 and this time we are including families and parents in this round , " Nolasco said . In the first two rounds , U.S. immigration officials detained all the participants and then released them , the alliance said . The majority obtained approval to stay temporarily in the United States and are awaiting for their day before an immigration judge , who will determine their fate . The Vidal family is nervous about the alliance 's latest effort . Elesban Vidal , 32 , was undocumented , like his parents , when they brought him to the United States at age 6 . The family lived in Southern California near Compton , where Juana Vidal raised all five of her children . They attended Los Angeles schools and consider the United States their home country . But Juana Vidal said Elesban returned to Mexico two years ago because he could n't find a job and he thought he could find more opportunity in Mexico . That did n't happen , the mother said . Her son did n't qualify for the Obama initiative called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program because he did n't meet all the requirements that would have allowed him temporary permission to remain in the states , the mother said . "  He told me the situation is hard , very hard " in Mexico , Juana Vidal said . "  He ca n't get ahead , sometimes there 's days he has a job and there 's other days he does n't and he tries to get by . But he regrets he left . " A tale of two Republicans : A story of the GOP and immigration reform Obama said he ca n't stop deportation of immigrants , but maybe he can	Juana Vidal of Los Angeles hopes to see her son and his family again Son Elesban , his wife , their two girls left the U.S. for Mexico two years ago Elesban and wife had lived in U.S. as undocumented immigrants ; their girls are U.S.-born About 125 families will seek to enter the U.S. in a dramatic border event Monday
CNN  -- Despite the progress made toward gender equality , there remains this fact : Women still hold fewer leadership positions in government and industry , and men still face a social stigma if they stay home , as Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg writes in her much-discussed book , "  Lean In : Women , Work and the Will to Lead . " Sandberg talks about the need for women to "  lean in " to greater leadership roles at work and insist on equal partnerships at home . We wanted to know what "  leaning in " looks like in practice . CNN invited families to share their successes and struggles at balancing work and family . Can women -- or for that matter , anyone -- be high-fliers at home and work ? And if so , how does it work ? What it means to "  lean in " While arrangements differed , there was a common refrain : You ca n't go it alone , there 's no right path and we need to stop judging each other 's choices . ` It boils down to removing the stereotypes ' "  In our household , there are no traditional roles , " wrote Aisha Houser , a human resources specialist and mother of three in Huber Heights , Ohio . She and her husband both work full-time , and he also goes to school at night . Houser puts in longer hours most days so she can have every other Monday off for appointments . They keep their children -- ages 7 , 5 and 20 months -- on a strict routine during the week . Working women , know your value Above all , she said , "  husbands need to understand that they will have to clean , wash clothes , cook , dress the kids or whatever needs to be done . ... It boils down to removing the stereotypes of the traditional family . " Wo n't work ` if it means paying someone to raise our kids ' Kelly Moening works as a federal law-enforcement agent , a job she wanted from the time she was a little girl . While she 's investigating criminal activities , her husband is taking their daughter to ballet , helping their son with his homework , preparing dinner and doing the laundry . He stays home with their three children , ages 6 , 3 and 1 . Trained as a lawyer , he has never found a job that earned enough to support their family . As much as he wants to work , he does n't want to do it "  if it means paying someone else to raise our kids , " Moening said . Professionally , "  I am a better agent because he stays home . I could n't do this job full time as a mother to three little ones , if he did n't handle everything else , " Moening said . Confessions of a busy mom : 5 lessons Moening 's own parents both worked and her mother was the primary breadwinner . They raised her to associate happiness with a great job , not motherhood . Yet as proud as she feels about being a special agent , Moening would quit her job and retire at 35 if her husband found a job that paid as much as hers . "  Deep down , no matter how much opportunity is afforded me , I 'm a mom through and through , " she said . "  I have a fantastic job , no doubt . But I truly feel I would be more personally satisfied by not missing a moment of my kids ' childhoods . " ` Life is a team effort ' One of 10 children , David J. Hopper was raised in a traditional household . His father worked as a meat cutter and never washed a dish . Every night he sat in his place at the end of the table and was always served first . Hopper met his wife-to-be , Dawn , in 1999 . He had two young children at the time and a job at an architectural firm that required he work up to 60 hours a week . All the day care pickups , cooking and housework fell to Dawn , who was also in graduate school working on her doctorate . Opinion : Why women trash each other Things came to a head when Hopper 's son was diagnosed with a developmental delay and needed extra care . Dawn was pregnant at the time , and it was too much for her to handle everything . He decided to quit his job and build his own practice . The balance shifted . "  Now I was home , running my business from the basement . Now I picked up the kids from school , tidied the house , did all the laundry and when she came home , she did the cooking . " Looking back , it was a "  slow change . " But he realizes now Dawn "  would n't be very happy without a career , and I would n't be very happy without that wife . In a way I 'm married to her career , too . " ` The boys know they can always count on me ' "  Parenting is hard , and it DOES take a village . Sometimes a village and a neighboring village , " wrote Amy Lawson , a divorced mom of two boys in Gainesville , Florida . She works as an administrator in an OB/GYN office and maintains blogs about motherhood and social media marketing . Though technically she is a single mom , Lawson often feels the need to add the disclaimer that her ex-husband is very involved with their children , of whom they share custody . Opinion : Sandberg left single mothers behind She said too many women have bought into the notion they need to "  bring home the bacon , fry it up in a pan , and never let their man forget he 's their man , " to paraphrase the song used in the 1980s commercial for Enjoli , "  the 8-hour perfume . " "  There are times I ruminate on why I 'm not the kind of mom that can stay home and make homemade hummus with organically grown crinkle cut cucumbers , then I stop thinking about that because there is laundry to be done , hugs to give , dinner to cook , homework to check and inevitably something to pull out of the dog 's mouth , " she wrote . "  Homemade hummus or not , the boys know they can always count on me and their dad , and their extended family , and that is my version of ` having it all . ' " ` It is hardly ever perfect ' "  I used to be ashamed of the number of before - and after-care providers I employed , " wrote Rebecca Giannelli , a mother of three and a registration coordinator for a large physician group in Illinois . Her husband has a job in the local public works department . They have three children , ages 2 , 4 and 9 . The traditional male and female roles are "  out the window " in her house , she said . Her husband picks up the kids in the afternoon , gives them a snack , cleans up , starts the laundry and gets dinner going . They share homework and bath time . She schedules medical appointments , pays the bills and organizes the birthday parties . Though it often feels like they 're getting through the day "  by the skin of our teeth , " she said she looks to her children for guidance . "  They are brave and resilient and go with the flow , " she wrote . "  You will not find a high maintenance child at my address . Food ? Check . Semi-dry clothes ? Check . A brother or sister to play with or annoy ? They are happy . " ' I choose sanity ' Web developer Janice Gervais was n't expecting to actually want to stay home with her two daughters . But that 's not an option . The family needs her steady paycheck and the health insurance that comes with it . The kids are in day care most of the week . At work , she said , "  leaning in " to bigger opportunities -- as Facebook 's Sandberg advises women -- does n't feel realistic , either . "  I just do n't have the mental ability to put in 10 hours of work a day and additional work on the weekends , which seems to be the unspoken requirement ... in order to receive promotions in a typical work environment , and then coming home and cook dinner , clean up , and give my children my 100 % attention . " The myth of balancing motherhood and a successful career She said she gets through each day by "  choosing sanity " and not comparing herself to other families . "  My house is a war zone and guests know to call before they come over . Pursuing a higher career is on hold so the spare time I do get is spent with my kids . Their clothes are stained , their hair is a mess , their outfits do n't match , but my sanity is still mostly intact . I just feel fortunate that I have the things I have , because so many others have far less . " ` Stop second guessing ' Jennifer Reilly left a job as a senior executive with the New York Yankees to spend more time with her family . It was her dream job , but she was often gone from 8 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. , working seven days a week . Her children were in seventh and tenth grades at the time . Open Mic : What 's holding women back ? Her lawyer husband had scaled back his practice to be at home for the kids after school . When she left the Yankees , they swapped ; she started her own consulting business , he went back to a law firm . She plans to return to a more demanding job when her youngest leaves for college in a couple of years . "  The biggest mistake women make -- those that choose to stay at home and those that work and have others help with their kids -- is they think too much ! Stop second guessing and move on with the decision you have made . ... I have dear friends that are literally running the world , and others that have been home for 20 plus years -- thank goodness you had the choices you had ! " Opinion : Working moms , do n't try to be perfect at home	Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg says women should "  lean in " to leadership Families around the country share their struggles and successes Go to CNN iReport to add your story about making work and family work
CNN  -- A hard-line Iranian lawmaker has mockingly suggested that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad open up a nightclub , according to Iran 's Fars News Agency . Lawmaker Ali Motaheri took the sarcastic poke at Ahmadinejad during a speech to parliament where he said the president 's soft stance on Iran 's Islamic dress code was to blame for an increase in young Iranian women wearing sexually provocative clothing , Fars News reported . Motaheri has long been a fierce critic of Ahmadinejad . "  The state of the dress code today has created addictions in society , so Ahmadinejad should think about starting a nightclub or a cabaret , " Fars News quoted Motaheri as saying . Iran 's dress code requires women to cover their hair and bodies , but many push the envelope with tight clothes and head scarves that barely cover their hair . Often , the result is a cat-and-mouse game between young , defiant women who want to wear what they choose and Iran 's morality police , who patrol the streets on foot and marked cars to enforce the code . Ahmadinejad 's hard-line political opponents started attacking the president about his views on the dress code in 2010 after he criticized morality police for taking excessive measures against alleged offenders . Journalist Farbod Jamali contributed to this report .	In parliament , hard-line lawmaker says Iranian president 's stand on dress code is too lax Ahmadinejad critic says such laxity is to blame for women wearing provocative clothing Code requires women to cover their hair and bodies But many push the envelope with tight clothes and head scarves that barely cover hair
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- In the midst of a bloody and protracted civil war , the Syrian government is set to hold a presidential election Tuesday . The outcome is hardly in doubt : President Bashar al-Assad is almost guaranteed to emerge victorious in a vote that opposition groups and many Western countries say will be rigged from the start . Syria is n't renowned for holding free and fair elections . When he came to power 14 years ago , al-Assad ran unopposed , securing more than 99 % of votes , according to state media . Seven years later , he won again with a similarly mountainous share of the vote . His father , Hafez al-Assad , ruled Syria with an iron fist for 29 years before he died in 2000 . Some analysts say the purpose of this week 's vote , which U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon urged the Syrian government not to hold , is to send a message to al-Assad 's opponents , both in Syria and abroad . Syria 's presidential election : How fair can a vote be in a war zone ? ' A coronation ' "  It 's a coronation of Assad , it 's a celebration of his ability to survive the violent storm and basically go on the offensive , " said Fawaz Gerges , a professor of international relations at the London School of Economics . The election is being held against the backdrop of a grinding three-year conflict that has killed around 150,000 people , displaced about 6.5 million people within Syria and prompted almost 3 million people to flee outside its borders . Voting will only take place in areas controlled by the regime . Rebels hold significant areas of the north and east of the country . The British Foreign Office has said the vote "  will be a grotesque parody of democracy . " The U.S. State Department says the Assad regime has taken steps "  to make it difficult if not impossible to have a fair and free election in Syria . " Little known challengers One aspect of this year 's election distinguishes it from the previous foregone conclusions , though : al-Assad actually has people running against him -- although it 's questionable how much of a challenge they present . The two other candidates are relative unknowns : Hassan al-Nouri , a businessman and former government minister ; and Maher Hajjar , a lawmaker . Critics say they are just pawns or window dressing to give the election a veneer of democracy . But the Syrian government has dismissed any criticism of the process . Hajjar has kept a low profile , but al-Nouri says he 's serious about challenging al-Assad and is "  trying to attack his weaknesses . " He claimed he would be "  more aggressive and more effective " than al-Assad on economic , administrative and social issues . But on the overarching question of the war , al-Nouri offers no dissent . "  Politically , I think he 's doing what he has to do , " he said . Rebels divided What al-Assad is doing is continuing the brutal offensive against those opposed to his regime , raining down barrel bombs on rebel-controlled parts of cities such as Aleppo and Daraa . The opposition groups fighting against him are divided , with squabbling between factions and jihadis who have flocked from around the world to try to establish an Islamic state . The rebels have lost ground around Damascus and Homs , and are under pressure in Aleppo and the south of the country . Talks earlier this year mediated by the United Nations did little to change the situation , ending with the regime and the opposition firmly opposed . Ban 's office has warned that the elections are likely to worsen the situation , saying they "  will damage the political process and hamper the prospects for political solution that the country so urgently needs . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	President Bashar al-Assad is expected to win Tuesday 's presidential vote "  It 's a coronation of Assad , it 's a celebration of his ability to survive , " an analyst says It takes place amid a three-year civil war that has killed around 150,000 people The Syrian opposition and Western countries say the election wo n't be free or fair
CNN  -- Egypt 's Football Association faces punishment after FIFA decided to investigate an incident which saw Algeria 's team bus pelted with stones before last Saturday 's World Cup qualifier in Cairo . The world governing body has opened disciplinary proceedings after confirming that it had received reports about incidents affecting the Algerian team on its way from the airport to the hotel two days before the game . Three Algerian players were injured when Egyptian fans threw rocks at the team bus as it arrived in the capital on Thursday . Egypt won that match 2-0 to force a play-off at the Khartoum Stadium in Sudan on Wednesday night , which Algeria won 1-0 to book a place at the World Cup finals in South Africa next year . "  According to the official reports received by FIFA on November 12 , there were incidents affecting the Algerian team on its way from the airport to the hotel , " FIFA said on its official Web site . "  Consequently , disciplinary proceedings have been opened against the Egyptian Football Association . The FIFA Disciplinary Committee will decide on the case . " FIFA delegate Walter Gagg witnessed the incident . "  We saw that three players had been injured -- Khaled Lemmouchia on the head , Rafik Halliche above the eye and Rafik Saifi on the arm . These were n't superficial injuries , " he told reporters . Halliche and Saifi both recovered to start Wednesday 's match . Gagg also confirmed that Algeria 's goalkeeping coach had been concussed after the windows of the coach were smashed by stones thrown by fans . The two north African neighbors have a history of intense competition -- rioting occurred after the two sides locked horns in 1989 in a final World Cup qualifier hosted by Italy . Algeria , known as "  the Desert Foxes , " have qualified for the World Cup finals for the first time since 1986 at the expense of reigning African champions Egypt . The tournament will be held on African soil for the first time in 2010 .	World ruling body FIFA begins investigation into incident before World Cup qualifier Three of Algeria 's players were injured as Egyptian fans threw stones at team bus in Cairo Egypt won the match to force play-off , which Algeria won 1-0 in game held in neutral Sudan The North African rivals have a history of tensions , and other meetings have caused riots
CNN  -- The 2020 European Championships will be staged in cities across the continent , rather than just in one host nation , UEFA 's executive committee decided on Thursday . Dubbing the tournament "  A Euro for Europe " , European football 's governing body has ensured the competition will firmly break with tradition as it celebrates what will be its sixtieth year . Since their inception in 1960 , the European Championships have been regularly staged by just one country -- with three tournaments having been co-hosted  2000 , 2008 and 2012  . "  Let me say that it is a decision only about 2020 , " UEFA general secretary Gianni Infantino told his organization 's website . "  2020 is the 60th anniversary of the European Football Championship . " "  It is premature to go into more details . What is clear is that it will not be in one or two countries , but in several cities in Europe . How many cities is still to be decided . " In June , UEFA president Michel Platini was quoted as saying the tournament could be staged in 12-13 cities . On Thursday , Infantino added that the bidding process for host cities will start early next year and is expected to take around 12 months , with a decision expected in 2014 . All but one of UEFA 's 53 member nations supported the idea , with Turkey -- which had initially bid to host the 2020 finals alongside Azerbaijan and Georgia -- the lone dissenting voice . The Republic of Ireland , Scotland and Wales have already expressed interest in staging matches , with the latter FA stating that it "  fully supports UEFA 's decision and continues to explore avenues by which to bring the UEFA tournament to Wales " on its website . The UEFA general secretary also explained that there was a strong possibility that not all the host countries would qualify for the tournament , saying this was something that would be "  thought about and looked at " . The idea of spreading the tournament across the continent was first mooted after this year 's European Championships by Platini , who suggested it as a way of avoiding high costs at a time of financial uncertainty in many countries . Fiscal concerns became of greater importance after UEFA chose to expand the tournament from 16 to 24 teams , the number that France will host when the country stages the next finals in 2016 . "  Obviously the fact that the  championships  will feature 24 teams instead of 16 puts an additional burden on countries to host such an event , " said Infantino . "  It becomes much more difficult for many countries -- the requirements are becoming bigger and bigger . "  An opportunity like this , to give many cities and many countries the possibility to host even just one part of a EURO , is certainly an excellent thing , especially in times when you have an economic situation where you can not expect countries to invest in facilities in the way that such an event requires . "  Certainly one of the purposes of this decision is to help countries , who are perhaps not sure today whether they should build a national stadium -- giving them the impetus to build such a stadium . "  Instead of having a party in one country , we will have a party all over Europe in the summer of 2020 . " Reigning champions Spain will have the chance to defend their title at the 2016 European Championships , when France will stage the finals for the third time -- using 10 host cities in the process .	2020 European Championships to be played across continent The move is designed to be a one-off event to coincide with tournament 's 60th anniversary UEFA stresses that financial strains for a single host nation underpin the decision Cities will start bidding in 2013 , with a decision expected in 2014
New York City  CNN  -- Who am I ? I am an American from the soles of my feet to the hair that once adorned my bald head . An American whose black-skinned ancestors were stolen from their lives and cultures and piled in the holds of ships like so many sacks of skin . An American whose Jewish ancestors stowed their lives into the holds of later vessels running from a thousand years of anti-Semitism that was soon to blossom into a Holocaust . An American whose ancestors walked across the frozen waters from Asia to North America discovering a new world that would one day be stolen from their descendants . An English-speaking American whose language is also whispering French from my Louisiana relatives and sublime Spanish from the Mexicans and Mexican-Americans I rubbed shoulders with growing up in Southern California . A man whose music is the blues that became rock and roll and hip-hop , jazz that is the bastard and the heir of the unconsecrated coupling between Africa and Europe . Who am I ? I am a man formed by history but oddly lacking in a clear perspective of the past . A man with so much to me that there is no clear identity to grab onto or claim . I might be related to Thomas Jefferson or any of 10,000 masters who raped and sometimes even loved their slaves . Who am I ? I am the target of ad men and pollsters , census takers and the evening news . To some I am the enemy , both inside this nation and internationally . To some I am a brother . I can be at the same time invisible and yet profiled , counted and yet forgotten , imprisoned by circumstance and yet declared free by one of the great documents of political history . I am prejudged for my skin color , gender , age , education , and even for some things that I 've done wrong . I am a minor shareholder in the great corporation of America and therefore responsible for everything good and bad that we 've done in the name of business , things we did before I was born and events that shall occur after I 'm gone . I am the amalgamation of all the ignorance , ambitions , yearnings for freedom , and religions of the world . I am -- have been -- brainwashed so many times that innocence is second nature to me . Contradictorily , America is what I am but not my history , not my identity . I am a new man almost every day . I and mine were once colored , Negro , black , Afro-American , African-American , brother , sister , Uncle Tom , revolutionary , good one , bad one , convict , malingerer , miracle , and so much more . In the end I can say with conviction that I am America . Through my veins run 10,000 years of history that touches every continent , deity , and crime known to humanity . This history is not composed of the false accounts of the past ; it is the blood and the beat and the light that passes through my mind , and yours . I am your sibling whether you know it or not , whether you accept me or not . We , known and unknown to each other , form an identity that I can express but still not know , not completely . And for this state of being I am infinitely grateful because it means that I can be part of something greater than the individual , while still I am at home in my heart .	Walter Mosley : "  I 'm an American from the soles of my feet to the hair that once adorned my head " In the mix are African , Jewish , Asian ancestors ; French-speakers , Latinos on the street Mosley says he 's formed by history , "  with so much to me that there is no clear identity to claim " "  I can be part of something greater than the individual , while still I am at home in my heart "
CNN  -- Those trying to reinstitute Proposition 8 -- the voter-backed referendum to ban gay marriage in California -- lost once again in court on Wednesday , meaning no stop to such legal unions that resumed a few weeks ago . In two brief rulings , California Supreme Court Chief Justice Tani Gorre Cantil-Sakauye dismissed attempts by opponents of same-sex marriage . One was brought by ProtectMarriage.com , the group that 's led legal efforts defending what 's known as Prop 8 , and the other came from a San Diego County clerk who 'd argued the state had put him in an "  untenable position " by compelling him to sign off on marriage licenses for gay and lesbian couples . The rulings were the latest in a spate of decisions -- at the state and federal level , including the U.S. Supreme Court -- that have gone against those trying to restrict marriage in the Golden State to between one man and one woman . Attorney General Kamala Harris was among those gay marriage supporters who cheered Wednesday 's ruling , much as they have the others in recent months . She tweeted : "  The CA Supreme court has denied the #Prop8 proponents ' request to halt same-sex marriages ! " " #Prop8 dead for good , " tweeted Equality California , the state 's biggest gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender advocacy group . "  CA Supr . Ct. refuses last remaining legal challenge . Freedom to marry here to stay . " Those on the other side of the debate , meanwhile , lamented Wednesday 's ruling and more generally criticized state leaders who , in their view , had "  silenced more than 7 million Californians who clearly expressed their views . " Case challenges Pennsylvania 's ban on same-sex marriage "  Though the current California officials are unwilling to support the state constitution , we remain hopeful that one day Californians will elect officials who will , " Alliance Defending Freedom , a legal advocacy organization , said in a statement . " ... The court 's decision today ... does not end the debate about marriage in California . " In May 2008 , California 's Supreme Court struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage , ruling that the state 's constitution gives "  this basic civil right to  marry to  all Californians , whether gay or heterosexual , and to same-sex couples as well as to opposite-sex couples . " The tide turned a few months later , when 52 % of voters backed Proposition 8 to halt gay and lesbian marriages . Yet state officials declined to stand behind the prohibition , even if private parties did . A federal appeals court subsequently ruled that Proposition 8 was unconstitutional , though it still issued a stay on same-sex marriages until the U.S. Supreme Court could weigh in . That happened June 26 , when the nation 's high court -- in a 5-4 decision -- dismissed an appeal of the earlier lower court ruling on narrow , jurisdictional grounds . Midnight vows : Same-sex couples ring in new lives as law takes effect Two days later , the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals officially lifted the previous injunction , and same-sex weddings took place very soon thereafter . Proposition 8 backers tried to get the U.S. Supreme Court to again intervene , but Justice Anthony Kennedy refused to do so . Efforts continued , though , in the state court system . One came from San Diego County Clerk Ernest Dronenburg , who last month asked the California Supreme Court to order Gov. Jerry Brown , Harris and other state officials to abide by an "  immediate temporary stay " to once again halt same-sex marriages . Dronenburg argued that he had been "  threatened with legal action by the attorney general for exercising his public duties consistent with state law defining marriage as the union between one man and one woman . " Yet the state Supreme Court responded days later by denying the county clerk 's request to stop same-sex marriages immediately . On Wednesday , Cantil-Sakauye officially dismissed Dronenburg 's petition .	NEW : Gay marriage foes lament the decision , say the debate in California is n't over California 's chief justice dismisses an attempt by foes of same-sex marriage Proposition 8 is "  dead for good , " an LGBT activist group says after the ruling Voters passed Prop 8 barring gay marriage ; federal courts knocked down the ban
President Obama 's decision to target militants from ISIS -- which is now calling itself the "  Islamic State " or "  IS " -- operating in Iraq comes as a huge relief to the Iranians . Officials in Tehran have been panic stricken since ISIS forces overran the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on June 10 . All political factions in Tehran would like to see ISIS suffer and its latest advances rolled back . At the same time , contradictory statements made in Tehran make it clear that the Iranian authorities are divided about the implications of the American military 's return to Iraq . The moderates , the group of people associated with President Hassan Rouhani 's presidential administration , are nudging toward an open admission that American military operations in Iraq compliment Tehran 's policy goals . The hawks in Tehran , however , remain reluctant to publicly admit to any shared interests with Washington . Still , overall , Iran and the US are clearly going in the same direction in Iraq , at least while the fight against ISIS rages on . At first , there was nothing but silence in Tehran as U.S. F-18s on Friday began to target ISIS militants . The silence was more than revealing . In the corridors of power in Tehran , where no opportunity is missed to condemn American foreign policy at every turn , the silence was tantamount to a roaring approval of Washington 's intervention . On Monday , the moderate faction of President Rouhani took a step to formally spell out its backing for American airstrikes . Not only was Tehran approving but is evidently looking to expand the campaign against "  IS " and began touting a joint Iranian-American effort in doing so . Mohammad Sadr , a deputy to Iran 's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif , told an Iranian newspaper "  Iranian-American cooperation against -LSB- IS -RSB- is possible and achievable . " This was the first time since the U.S . airstrikes began that a senior Iranian official has spoken in such terms . It is easy to dismiss Sadr as bureaucrat whose words carry little weight in Tehran . But his statement was clearly carefully formulated and was hardly a fluke . And given his stature inside the Iranian system his words must be seen as a peek into the internal policy debate in Tehran about the situation in Iraq and Iran 's options . Some kind of -- at least tacit -- cooperation with Washington is one of those options being studied . Politically , it is already happening . Tehran and Washington do n't just agree on the need for airstrikes against ISIS . They are also in agreement that Iraq above all needs a new political leadership and that Prime Minister Maliki has to go . Since Monday 's developments in Baghdad and the nomination of a new premier by Iraq 's President Fouad Massmoum , Iran 's reaction has been one of approval of the turn of events . Maliki 's fate Today , Ali Shamkhani , the head of Iran 's Supreme National Security Council , gave his unequivocal approval for a new prime minister to take over in Baghdad . No more Iranian dithering on the fate of Maliki it seems . The fact is that Shamkhani was himself heavily involved in recent weeks to seek out an alternative to Maliki , including a trip he made to Iraq in late July to consult with various Iraqi political circles . The Americans were quicker to recognize Maliki to be at the heart of Iraq 's malaise but the Iranians have finally come around to the same conclusion . And this matters a lot given Tehran 's immense leverage within Iraq 's Shia but also Kurdish political factions . For Shia Iran , the fight against the extremists from the Islamic State is a critical threat . Tehran desperately wants to keep Iraq intact as a nation state . It is particularly adamantly opposed to Iraqi Kurdistan seceding as Iraqi Kurds have been threatening to do . And in this equation , Maliki had become an unbearable burden for Iranian policy . The Kurdish leadership that Tehran is so hard trying to cultivate and steer away from an independence bid want Maliki gone . And Maliki 's woeful management of the Iraqi military 's response to the newly declared "  Islamic State " made the Iranians just wonder what he was good for . There are reports the Iranian military is engaged in supporting Kurdish Peshmerga forces against ISIS militants . If true , this goes to show the depth of Iranian anxieties about the "  Islamic State 's " rise in Iraq . Who 's in driver 's seat ? As far as the U.S. role in combating the Islamic State is concerned , the Iranian debate is likely to remain split between the moderates and the hawks . The moderates like to focus on the practical challenge at hand in Iraq and ways that Tehran and Washington can collaborate . They are comfortable with limited tactical cooperation if that is all that can come out of it . And , they readily admit that the neutralization of ISIS needs an American military involvement . The hawks , immersed in a historic cloak of hostility to the U.S. , can not yet bear to admit to this reality even if they can not fail to see its inevitability . But all the recent trends suggest that the moderate viewpoint in Tehran has the upper hand on the policy question of Iraq and how Iran can best serve its interests . And President Rouhani seems eager these days to battle it out with his hawkish critics . On the question of the need for Iran to negotiate and cooperate with the U.S. on its nuclear program , he told his detractors this week to go "  to hell . " Time will show if Rouhani and his moderate wing can continue to sit in the driver 's seat on the question of Iraq .	Alex Vatanka writes that Tehran is relieved by the U.S. decision to strike ISIS Political hawks in Iran are avoiding admitting shared goals with the U.S. , he says But Vatanka says both agree on the need for airstrikes and new leadership in Iraq Recent trends suggest that Tehran 's moderates have the upper hand , he suggests
Miami  CNN  -- A Florida sheriff who just arrested 22 men caught in an online undercover operation blames the policies of the Internet sites used by sexual predators . The investigation , dubbed Operation Last House Call , conducted by the Polk County Sheriff 's Office , netted 22 men , including a Navy sailor , a software technician with top-secret clearance and a National Guardsman . The sheriff 's office says all the men answered online ads placed by undercover detectives . "  These men showed up to our undercover location with gifts and clothing for children , along with condoms and sex toys they planned on using when having sex with the children , " said Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd . And while Internet sites claim to have security features in place to combat this type of behavior , Judd tells CNN their security measures are insufficient . "  I wonder if the CEO of one of these mega-companies would have the same attitude if these people were preying on their own children . It 's all about money , " he said . The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children works with many of the electronic service providers , including Internet providers and photo storage sites . The center tells CNN that if the Internet sites become aware of child pornography or exploitation on their systems , they are required , by federal law , to report it to law enforcement via the cybertip line , which is operated by the center . From there , the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children refers the call to the appropriate law enforcement agency . "  If they become aware of it , they are required to report it , but it does n't require them to take additional steps , " said Michelle Collins , the vice president of the Exploited Children 's Division at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . "  There 's no requirement for them to monitor or look for child pornography , " she said . However , Collins said , the technological explosion has made companies more proactive . "  Companies are being challenged to think of new and more creative ways to reduce the victimization of children on their services , " she told CNN . "  There 's a lot of progress over the past 10 years ... but much more needs to be done , " she said . One of those apprehended in Florida was a Navy sailor from Virginia Beach , Virginia , who allegedly came to an undercover location to teach a woman 's 11-year-old daughter to have sex in a "  coming of age ceremony . " Another man , from Germantown , Maryland , is a software technician with top-secret clearance for a U.S. government contractor . According to the Sheriff 's Office , this man allegedly responded to a fictitious ad hoping to have sex with what he thought was a man 's 10-year-old stepdaughter . "  We saw men soliciting our undercover detectives to have sex with children within minutes of initiating online chats with them . Their behavior is despicable , " Judd said . The operation took place between April 18 and Sunday . Four of the suspects traveled to Florida from Maryland , Virginia , Texas and Missouri . One man , an 18-year-old who allegedly thought he was going to meet a 13-year-old girl was being handcuffed Saturday when he allegedly told detectives , "  My mom 's gon na kill me ... and tomorrow 's Mother 's Day . " The Sheriff 's Office says that after suspects answered their ads , they then continued their dialogue via email , online chats and text messages . The suspects agreed to come to Polk County to an undercover location , when they were arrested . Judd says their behavior is horrible , but so is that of the companies , which enable predators to hunt down kids . "  They either do n't care or are in total denial , and that really concerns me , " Judd said . "  It tells me that they have no moral bounds or moral responsibility or are concerned about kids . "	Security measures are weak , Polk County sheriff says 22 men from at least 4 states arrested in Florida Men believed they were about to have sex with minor
CNN  -- A pregnant woman has gone missing on the picturesque Hawaiian island of Maui , spurring a search that has led to her torched SUV -- but not her . Maui police first issued a missing persons alert for Carly "  Charli " Joann Scott on Wednesday , two days after her mother reported her missing . The 27-year-old woman , who is 5 months ' pregnant , was last seen around 8 p.m. local time Sunday at her sister 's home in Haiku . She left there in her silver 1997 Toyota 4Runner . The missing woman 's mother , Kimberly Scott , said it "  is very unusual for Carly to just up and leave without telling anyone , " according to a police statement posted on Maui County 's Facebook page . Authorities were able to track down her vehicle in the Peahi area on Wednesday . While it was burnt , police said that its vehicle identification number was legible and tied it to Scott . The next day , a member of the search party looking for the Hawaii resident found what police only described as "  possible evidence . " "  We are asking anyone who is assisting in the search to call the  police  department if they find any suspicious items , however , please do not touch , move or recover the item as it may be evidence in this case or another case that the department is investigating , " the police said . CNN affiliate KGMB/KHNL reported that Scott 's ex-boyfriend -- who said he loved her and that the two "  occasionally hooked up " -- told them that he 'd been with her last Sunday night . The two were following each other on a road , but then he claimed he lost track of her . The ex-boyfriend claimed that he 'd assisted in searches for Scott , though her family had become "  hostile " to him lately . Scott 's stepfather , Johnny Pipkin , told the same affiliate that the family was riding a roller coaster as it did everything they could to find the woman they called "  Charli . " "  It 's moment to moment , " Pipkin said . "  Up , down . Up , down . Tired ... Frustrated . "	Carly "  Charli " Joann Scott , who is 5 months ' pregnant , was last seen last Sunday in Maui Authorities have found her charred SUV , but she 's missing Scott 's stepfather described family 's emotions : "  Up , down . Up , down . Tired ... Frustrated . "
CNN  -- At least three people died and seven others were rescued Thursday after their boat capsized off the coast of southeastern Florida , the U.S. Coast Guard said . And that toll -- of the dead and rescued -- may rise : The Coast Guard believes that two more people may still be trapped or in the Atlantic Ocean , spurring an intense search for them . A Dutch naval vessel , the Zeeland , heading toward Key West , Florida , first alerted the U.S. Coast Guard at noon about the ship . Specifically , the Coast Guard said , the Dutch sailors reported seeing "  a capsized 24-foot center console vessel with seven suspected migrants atop the hull . " The Dutch sailors rescued those individuals and retrieved three bodies "  from within the hull , " according to the Coast Guard . The Coast Guard has since sent the Cutter Richard Etheridge , a 154-foot ship based in Miami , to search for the two missing people . In addition , a C-130 airplane out of Clearwater , Florida , has been dispatched to the scene . Upon arrival , they took over the operation from the Dutch navy and will transport those rescued to the Florida mainland , Coast Guard Petty Officer Sabrina Laberdesque told CNN . CNN first learned of the incident via that agency 's Twitter account . The Zeeland left the Netherlands 12 days ago en route to the southern tip of Florida , said Lt. Maartje Van Der Maas , a spokeswoman for the Royal Netherlands Navy in the Caribbean . The Dutch sailors will pick up a Coast Guard helicopter in Key West to use over the next four months in drug interdiction operations in the Caribbean . After handing over the rescued people Thursday , the Zeeland continued onto Key West , according to Van Der Maas .	NEW : Spokeswoman : The Dutch ship was going to pick up a U.S. Coast Guard helicopter NEW : The Dutch sailors gave those rescued to U.S. Coast Guard , continued to Key West Those rescued are "  suspected migrants , " according to the U.S. Coast Guard A search continues for 2 others who may still be in the waters off West Palm Beach
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced Thursday a Justice Department investigation into the Ferguson , Missouri , police department , which has come under fire for its past practices in the uproar over the shooting of Michael Brown . Holder spoke about his recent trip to the area and about conversations he had with its residents . "  People consistently expressed concerns stemming from specific alleged incidents , from general policing practices and from the lack of diversity on the Ferguson police force . These anecdotal accounts underscore the history of mistrust of law enforcement in Ferguson that has received a good deal of attention , " Holder told reporters . "  Our investigation will assess the police department 's use of force , including deadly force . It will analyze stops , searches and arrests . And it will examine the treatment of individuals detained at Ferguson 's city jail , " he said . Such probes typically focus on paving the way for systemic reform going forward , rather than punishing misconduct from the past , said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . Nonetheless , they can produce significant changes within a department . "  It 's very serious , " Toobin said of the investigation , before it was formally announced , "  because it can lead to a virtual federal takeover of the police , as happened recently in New Orleans . " It is distinct from the Justice Department 's previously announced civil rights probe that is specific to the August 9 shooting of Brown , an unarmed African-American teenager , by Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson , who is white . Proving a civil rights violation would require showing that Wilson was actively hostile to Brown because of his race . The shooting and the fact authorities did n't immediately , and still have n't , charged Wilson spurred emotional and , at times , violent protests on the streets of Ferguson . Dozens were arrested over those tense few weeks , which were sometimes marred by looting and clashes between protesters and law enforcement . Brown 's shooting also stirred up locals ' gripes about Ferguson police over the years . Some of them said members of the predominantly white police force would routinely and inordinately single out African-Americans , who make up two-thirds of the St. Louis suburb 's population . Residents : Police have ' a power trip problem ' Many African-Americans said that they often found themselves subject to racial profiling -- such as being pulled over for no obvious reason besides , they presumed , "  DWB , " or driving while black . Some white residents complained police have acted in a heavy-handed fashion . Chief Tom Jackson has said the claim that officers are more likely to stop blacks is more perception than reality . Other cases , though , went well beyond that . The family of Jason Moore recently filed a lawsuit accusing police of excessive force , saying he died of cardiac arrest on September 17 , 2011 , after police fired Tasers at him . The family says that Moore , who they say suffered a psychological disorder , was walking around naked and posed no threat to police . It 's not clear which cases , specifically , the new federal investigation will examine . The probe will not focus on law enforcement 's response to Brown-related protests , since that effort involved numerous agencies and Ferguson did not lead this multi-agency effort . $ 40 million lawsuit slams police actions during protests Ferguson is be the latest of many local police and sheriff departments nationwide to be subject to such a federal investigation , which Toobin explains are launched "  when there are persistent allegations of misconduct . " This April , for instance , the Justice Department lambasted police in Albuquerque , New Mexico , for what it characterized as a longstanding history of police brutality and unnecessary deadly force , sometimes "  in an unconstitutional manner . " The report laid out several measures to address the problems , such as changing policies , training procedures and recruitment protocol . Report : Albuquerque police have ` pattern ' of excessive , deadly force Police departments in Los Angeles , Pittsburgh , Cincinnati and elsewhere have agreed to Justice Department plans to address controversial policies and patterns of alleged misconduct . But nowhere has the federal agency come down harder than on the New Orleans police department , which has been plagued for years by allegations of corruption , excessive use of force , illegal searches and widespread racial discrimination . In July 2012 , Holder detailed a consent decree -- which he called the most wide-ranging such agreement in U.S. history -- that includes more than 100 recommendations dealing with virtually every aspect of the department . Feds , New Orleans police agree on overhaul	Investigation will look at the department 's use of force It will also assess stops , searches and arrests Analyst : Probe is "  very serious , " can lead to "  virtual federal takeover " of police It is distinct from another federal probe that 's specific to Michael Brown 's shooting
Editor 's note : Nick Taylor is the author of six books , including "  American-Made -- The Enduring Legacy of the WPA : When FDR Put the Nation to Work . " He also has collaborated on five other books , including John Glenn 's memoir . Taylor worked in politics in the 1970s , including Jimmy Carter 's presidential campaign and a congressional run for John Lewis , and was a volunteer in Barack Obama 's campaign . Nick Taylor says Americans can learn lessons from the accomplishments of the WPA in the Depression . CNN  -- Companies today are slashing jobs with a meat ax . Recession looms or is already here , depending on whom you ask . Some predict unemployment rising into double figures . We 've got a bad case of the economic willies , and are scared about what lies ahead . Lessons from the Works Progress Administration can give us guidance for the future . The WPA was Franklin Roosevelt 's response to massive unemployment during the Great Depression of the 1930s . It put more than 8 million Americans to work before the program closed when World War II drove unemployment close to zero . It helped people save their homes and feed their families in the short run , but the work they did benefited the United States long after the Depression ended . The WPA renewed the country 's infrastructure . Thirty years into the 20th century , with automobile use exploding , drivers in the United States still faced a road and bridge network dating to the 19th century . Farmers mired in the mud , salesmen and truckers made long detours to cross rivers . The WPA built farm-to-market roads in every section of the country . This not only eased farmers ' paths to market , but also gave everyone whose living depended on road transportation the benefit of more efficiency . Later , when the Second World War loomed , the WPA 's road and bridge work helped move troops and materiel among bases and to staging areas . See photos from Taylor 's book " Large passenger airplanes were just beginning to appear , and airlines were seeking inter-city routes . Towns and cities turned to the WPA to build new airports and improve old ones with new and longer runways . Expanding the availability of air travel thrust America into the new age of civil aviation . WPA workers made the country healthier by modernizing water and sewage treatment facilities around the country , replacing countless outdoor privies with sanitary systems , and digging trenches and laying in new water lines . They built hospitals , courthouses , schools and libraries . Even before the war came , the program built armories and improved crumbling military bases , and as the fighting drew closer , it added new barracks and bases and even more airports for national defense . WPA workers also met a wide array of human needs . They fought floods and forest fires and cleaned up afterward , inoculated children , helped overstressed mothers get their kids to school , and made and served millions of hot lunches to schoolchildren . They even built swimming pools and golf courses . The WPA was the most controversial program of Roosevelt 's New Deal . Conservatives criticized its projects as unnecessary make-work and called its workers shiftless shovel-leaners . But those workers gave the country a new infrastructure to go with the new century , and much of this work endures today . And in no small way , one of the WPA 's gifts to the country was hope and confidence in a brighter future . In all of these areas , the WPA provides models that we can use in today 's economic crisis . The United States is not likely to become the primary employer of the jobless as it was during the Depression . But the landscape of needs is as great today as it was then , and cleverly targeted programs can use workers that might otherwise be jobless to meet some of our most pressing needs . Mayors and governors tell us we face an infrastructure shortfall that will cost trillions to repair . Our transportation network is again behind the times . Commuters spend hours getting back and forth to work . Suppliers often ca n't make on-time deliveries . Many passenger rail systems are decrepit . Airline travelers frequently endure bizarre delays . Attention paid to improving all or part of this interconnected system would pay dividends for many years to come . Workers would not all have to be employed building new roads or making other physical improvements to the infrastructure . Many jobs could be found that would reduce pressure on it and improve overall mobility , by promoting public transportation and charging drivers more for driving at peak times , for example . In either case , we would realize the benefits far into the future . Many have suggested the U.S. needs a "  green WPA " to improve the environment and move the country toward energy independence . Again , rather than directly improving the infrastructure , job programs could reduce the stress on it . A new force of workers might not work at improving the electric grid , but they could survey urban rooftops for their suitability for installing solar panels , or take wind readings in promising areas for potential wind farms . They might install recycling stations in areas where they do n't exist . Harry Hopkins , who headed the WPA , said that government is the only entity that does n't count improvements to its physical plant on the plus side of the ledger . Government accounting notwithstanding , a WPA-like initiative could move the United States firmly into the 21st century , make it more efficient to do business and create a source of unity and national pride that will last far into the future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nick Taylor .	Nick Taylor : The WPA was a Depression-era government jobs program It upgraded transportation and other parts of the nation 's infrastructure , author says Taylor : The WPA came to an end when unemployment vanished with World War II A jobs program today could boost economy and save on energy , Taylor says
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Returning from a trip to Pyongyang , former U.S. President Jimmy Carter said that North Korean leader Kim Jong Il ready for a summit with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak at any time . Carter did not personally meet with Kim , but he said that as he and his delegation of former heads of state were on the way to Pyongyang airport to depart for South Korea , they were summoned back to their guesthouse , where a senior official read out a written message from the reclusive leader . "  Chairman Kim sent word that he is willing to negotiate with South Korea or United States ... on any subject at any time and without any preconditions , " Carter told a news conference . "  He specifically told us he is prepared for a summit directly with President Lee Myung-bak at any time to discuss issues between the two heads of state . " The dramatic declaration puts Lee on the spot : Seoul is currently declining official dialogue with North Korea until it takes responsibility for two fatal incidents last year . In 2010 , 50 South Koreans were killed in the two separate incidents : South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships in March 2010 , killing 46 sailors . In November , North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . North Korea denies the torpedo attack on the warship Cheonan , though a Seoul-led international investigation has found a North Korean mini-submarine responsible . Following a range of nuclear and missile tests , and Pyongyang 's exposure last November of a uranium-based nuclear program -- a separate program from its earlier plutonium-based program -- the Obama administration is sanctioning Pyongyang and has also put official contacts on hold . Asked if he expected Pyongyang to apologize to Seoul , Carter said ; "  My own assessment is that talks should begin without preconditions on either side . My opinion is North Koreans will not admit culpability for the sinking of the Cheonan and will not apologize . " Carter , 86 and his group had met North Korea 's de facto head of state Kim Yong Nam , as well as its vice defense minister and foreign minister and other officials . The visit had been intended to promote North-South dialogue , revive a denuclearization process , and assess food shortages . The delegation included former president of Finland , Martti Ahtisaari , former Prime Minister of Norway , Gro Brundtland , and former president of Ireland , Mary Robinson . They are all members of "  The Elders " a group of retired leaders founded by former South African leader Nelson Mandela who undertake peace-building initiatives and non-state diplomacy . Regarding Kim 's offer of dialogues , Carter said : "  The Elders ' desire is that under some circumstances , these offers will be accepted by the leaders of South Korea , the United States and other leaders of the six-party talks . " The six-party talks are a Beijing sponsored initiative to denuclearize the peninsula ; the parties are China , Japan , North Korea , Russia , South Korea and the United States . Following North Korean nuclear and missile tests , they have been in limbo for two years . As for why he had not been able to meet Kim Jong Il personally , Carter responded : "  We did request a chance to meet with him , and we did request an opportunity to meet with the president of South Korea . Neither were available to meet with us . " With North Korea suffering major food shortages , the Elders strongly suggested South Korea and the United States resume food aid to the ultra-nationalist state . "  We would urge you here in South Korea as we will urge the EU and the U.S. to realize there is a very severe crisis , " said Robinson . "  The humanitarian issues must be disconnected from matters of political concern . It is a matter of life and death urgency . " There had been criticism of Carter in South Korea for not raising human rights issues with the North , even though he did exactly that with South Korean leaders of the authoritarian governments of the 1970s and 80s . Asked by a South Korean reporter if he had raised this issue with the North , Carter took a swipe at South Korean and U.S. policies . "  There are human right issues that relate to the policies of the North Korean government that I do n't think any of us on the outside can change , " he said . "  But one of the most important human rights is to have food to eat and for South Korea and Americans , and others to deliberately to withhold food aid for North Korean people because of military or political issues unrelated is indeed a human rights violation . " Carter added that he believes that there are no longer any impediments to food aid monitoring . In the past , some governments and non-governmental organizations have criticized Pyongyang for not permitting them to monitor their aid deliveries , raising suspicions that shipments could be going to the military , rather than to the most vulnerable populations . Brundtland , who is an ex-World Food Programme director , noted that one third of North Korean children are stunted due to malnutrition , and one in five is underweight . Ahtisaari suggested that the resumption of dialogue is essential . "  I think it is extremely important that we as Elders can recommend that there is , as early as possible , a resumption of dialogue on all outstanding issues , " he said . "  I sincerely hope that parties can agree on a time frame in which to resolve these problems instead of a process that can last forever . " In South Korea , where North Korean defectors have alleged the existence of concentration camps , torture and the imprisonment of family members , Carter 's message on human rights and his linkage to food aid is likely to raise hackles . "  For the South Korean audience , we need to hear that he raised the human rights issue with North Korea as he did in South Korea during the 1970s and 80s , that would bring more credibility , " said Won Jae-chun , a director general at Seoul 's National Human Rights Commission of Korea . "  I do n't think his message will go far in -LSB- South -RSB- Korea . " Carter and his delegation will be hosted at a banquet by South Korea 's foreign minister Thursday evening . However , a representative of the Blue House , the South Korean presidency , said Wednesday that it considered Carter 's trip that of "  private individuals . " Carter has a history of private diplomacy on the peninsula . In 1994 , after Pyongyang had expelled international nuclear inspectors and threatening to turn Seoul into a "  sea of fire " and with the United States mulling air strikes on North Korean facilities , Carter flew into Pyongyang to meet Kim Il Sung . That set the scene for the so-called "  Agreed Framework " in which North Korea would give up its nuclear facilities in return for light water reactors from the international community . That deal foundered after Washington accused North Korea of having a secret uranium based nuclear program . North Korea denied it at the time -- only to publicly reveal a uranium-based program last year . Last year , another Carter visit to Pyongyang resulted in the freeing of an American citizen held there . However , he had no opportunity to discuss strategic issues , because he was not met by Kim Jong Il . Journalist Andrew Salmon contributed to this report	The Elders visited the Korean Peninsula Kim Jong Il is "  willing to negotiate " The declaration puts South Korea 's Lee on the spot
CNN  Nebraska 's ban on same-sex marriage will remain in place while the state appeals a federal judge 's decision to strike it down . The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals on Thursday issued a stay of U.S. District Judge Joseph Bataillon 's decision this week to end the ban . "  We are glad the court has granted the stay because it provides current stability in Nebraska 's marriage licensing process , " Attorney General Doug Peterson said in a statement . Nebraska was set to begin offering marriage licenses to same-sex couples on Monday . "  The discrimination enshrined in our constitution hurts our clients and countless other Nebraska families , " the ACLU of Nebraska said on its Twitter account . "  We will keep fighting . " The ACLU of Nebraska filed the lawsuit challenging the state 's ban . Same-sex marriage licenses are offered in 37 other states . The number of states offering same-sex marriages has surged since the U.S. Supreme Court 's ruling in 2013 that invalidated part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act . States like Illinois , Hawaii , Minnesota and New York joined the fold voluntarily , while others were ordered by state or federal judges to offer and recognize the unions . Cases involving Ohio , Michigan , Kentucky and Tennessee are expected to be decided in June by the U.S. Supreme Court , which may settle the issue nationally once and for all . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	Nebraska was set to begin offering marriage licenses Monday . The ACLU filed the lawsuit challenging the state 's ban
CNN  -- Separate federal indictments claim that supporters of the Islamic extremist group Al-Shabaab have funneled money for brutal terrorist operations . In one case , two men were indicted in Missouri for allegedly funneling money to the Somali group , the Justice Department said Wednesday . The indictment said Mohamud Abdi Yusuf of St. Louis discussed Al-Shabaab in code language and used fictitious names and phone numbers to send money to the group 's supporters through remitting businesses in the United States . Yusuf is also charged with conspiring with Abdi Mahdi Hussein , an employee of a licensed remittance company , to structure financial transactions so as to avoid any record . Hussein was also indicted and arrested for conspiracy on those transactions . A third man , Duwayne Mohamed Diriye , is accused of helping distribute that money to Al-Shabaab from inside Somalia and Kenya . He has also been charged but remains at large in east Africa . FBI special agents arrested Yusuf in St. Louis on Monday and Hussein on Tuesday in Minneapolis , Minnesota , according to the Justice Department . Both men appeared in federal court Tuesday . If convicted , Yusuf faces a maximum of 15 years in prison and/or fines of up to $ 250,000 for each count of providing material support to terrorists . Yusuf and Hussein could each be sentenced to a maximum of five years in prison and/or fines of up to $ 250,000 for conspiring to structure transactions . The indictments were made public a day after three men in San Diego , California , were similarly charged with providing support to the al Qaeda-linked group . Issa Doreh and Mohamed Mohamed Mohamud , clad in orange jumpsuits , pleaded not guilty at a federal hearing in San Diego on Wednesday . A third man named in the indictment , Basaaly Saeed Moalin , was arrested Tuesday but was not in court . The five-count indictment alleges conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists , conspiracy to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization , conspiracy to kill in a foreign country , money laundering and providing material support to terrorists . According to the indictment , the three provided thousands in funding for Al-Shabaab to purchase weapons , including rocket-propelled grenades and improvised explosive devices . Before his death in May 2008 , Al-Shabaab militant leader Aden Hashi Ayrow had called "  for foreign fighters to join Al-Shabaab in a ` holy war ' against the Ethiopian and other African forces in Somalia , " the indictment states . The defendants , individually or together , funneled about $ 10,000 to Somalia , the indictment states , indicating that Ayrow told them , "  it is time to finance the jihad . " Each rocket-propelled grenade cost $ 270 , an uncharged co-conspirator told them . A U.S. missile strike killed Ayrow . Dozens of supporters for the defendants , many in traditional Muslim garb , packed the small courtroom of U.S. Magistrate Judge William Gallo , who set a bail hearing for Friday morning . Assistant U.S. Attorney William Cole requested that the men be held without bail , alleging that they are flight risks and a danger to the community . Prosecutors would not discuss the nationalities of the defendants . Al-Shabaab has been waging a war against Somalia 's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between the rebels and government troops has added to the impoverished east African nation 's humanitarian crisis . Just last week , Al-Shabaab publicly executed two teenage girls after accusing them of being spies for the Somali government , the group said . "  Those two girls were evil , and they were spies for the enemy -LSB- the Somali government -RSB- , but the mujahedeen caught them and after investigation , they admitted their crime , so they have been executed , " said Sheikh Yusuf Ali Ugas , commander of Al-Shabaab in Beledweyne , a town in central Somalia . Al-Shabaab is one of almost 50 groups that have been designated by the State Department as foreign terrorist organizations . CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .	NEW : Two defendants in San Diego case plead not guilty Indictment says money was transferred through legitimate remitting businesses The Islamist group Al-Shabaab has been waging war against the Somali government
CNN  -- The sudden responsibility of leadership is resting well on Steve Smith 's shoulders and it needed a captain 's knock from him to lift Australia to a respectable 259 for five wickets after day one of the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne . Smith passed 1,000 Test runs for the year on the way to an undefeated 72 not out to send the majority of the huge 70,000 crowd at the MCG home happy . Brad Haddin was on 23 not out at stumps . Smith only took over from injured regular Australia skipper Michael Clarke for the second Test in Brisbane , which the home side won in four days to take a 2-0 lead in the best of four match series . Many expected the experienced Haddin to be elevated , but instead the selectors opted for the 25-year-old Smith and he has repaid their faith . He scored his second century of the series in Brisbane and is well set for a third in Melbourne when the match resumes on the second day . Clarke , injured his troublesome back and hamstring during the first Test in Adelaide , determined to play to honor his great friend and teammate Phillip Hughes , who died after a freak accident in a match in Sydney at the end of November . Clarke , Smith and David Warner all scored centuries in the emotion charged match , which had to be delayed following Hughes ' death and funeral . Warner , who has also hit 1,000 Test runs in the calendar year , did not add a single run to that tally Friday , dismissed by Indian paceman Umesh Yadav for a duck . Chris Rogers and Shane Watson rallied the home side with a dogged 115-run stand but both were dismissed in a five-minute spell after lunch . Shaun Marsh  32  and debutant Joe Burns  13  both made starts but were unable to capitalize , leaving Smith , with good support from Haddin , to take Australia to the close in a respectable position . Yadav and fellow paceman Mohammed Shami both ended with two wickets for India , which has not won a Test at the MCG for 33 years . The tradition of starting Test matches in Australia on Boxing Day dates back to 1974 , when arch-rival England was the tourist . In the 40 years since , it has proved to be a popular move , with vast crowds coming to the MCG in festive mood . Last year saw a world record crowd of over 91,000 pack the ground as Australia was on its way to inflicting a humbling 5-0 defeat on England in the Ashes Series . Test cricket matches , the longest form of the game and lasting five days , also started on Boxing Day between New Zealand and Sri Lanka in Christchurch and South Africa and the West Indies in Port Elizabeth . Like at the MCG , New Zealand 's match had an added poignancy following a tragedy , with the Hagley Oval being used for the first time since Christchurch was struck by a deadly earthquake in 2011 , which claimed 185 lives . Kiwi skipper Brendon McCullum marked the occasion with a stunning 195 off just 134 balls to lift the home side to a dominant 429 for seven wickets at stumps on the first day .	Honors even after first day of Boxing Day Test at MCG Australia 259 for five wickets at stumps against India Captain Steve Smith undefeated on 72 Chris Rogers and Shane Watson also hit half centuries
CNN  -- Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg 's latest headline-making action is a new "  Ban Bossy " campaign , which aims at getting rid of the word "  bossy . " Her nonprofit group , LeanIn.org , has even teamed up with big names like Beyonce and Condoleezza Rice to produce a public service announcement to stop using the word "  bossy . " In a weekend op-ed for the Wall Street Journal , co-written with Girl Scouts CEO Anna Maria Chavez , Sandberg put the word at the center of the problem of unequal treatment of girls and boys , noting that girls who lead are more often described as "  bossy " and "  overly ambitious " while boys who lead are described as "  strong " and "  determined . " Sandberg raises valid points , and as a powerful woman her voice adds much to the ongoing conversation about why it 's important to insist on equal treatment of , and expectations for , boys and girls , and men and women . But while Sandberg is n't wrong that "  bossy " is disproportionately directed at girls and women , and usually with negative connotations , the problem is n't the word itself , but how and when the word is used . Ban "  bossy " and other words will spring up in its place : "  Bitchy , " "  cold " and "  aggressive " come to mind . Instead , the focus should be on how to reclaim the positive and indispensable nature of "  bossiness , " turning it from a word used to describe the domineering and unlikable to one used to describe those very necessary qualities for those who lead . Sheryl Sandberg is bossy , and it 's a quality that likely played a pretty key role in helping her become one of the technology industry 's most successful women . So , how about an initiative to reclaim bossiness as a point of pride ? Bosses are bossy , plain and simple . As Sandberg even notes : " ... if you look at my childhood , if you look at the childhood of most of the leaders we talked to , they lived through being told they were bossy . " And , well , look where they are now . In fact , moving to abolish the word "  bossy " risks sending the message that there 's something wrong with those characteristics associated with bossiness : taking charge and speaking your mind . Again , the problem is n't the word , or the behavior , but the reaction to the behavior , and the acceptance among women of the word as a disparaging one . There 's also the very important fact that by focusing on how to foster those girls who , like Sandberg , grow up inclined to lead rather than follow -- to boss -- a message emerges that leadership is the only road to success . And that 's just not true . Initiatives are commendable , as is any opening of dialogue . But it 's hard not to interpret "  Ban Bossy " as a reaction to the tepid response Sandberg received to her last initiative , "  Lean In , " through which she was criticized as being too privileged to be a valid motivator . With "  Ban Bossy , " she certainly makes an effort to position herself as among the downtrodden , one among many who 've been victimized by "  the other B-word . " But there 's some overreaching going on here . Let 's not forget : There is evidence that girls and women are n't in fact being overlooked , or discouraged into meekness . Girls are outperforming boys in schools . More women than men are graduating college and going on to earn as much , if not more , than their male partners . Fortune 's latest ranking of America 's 500 largest corporations includes more female CEOs than ever . Things are n't perfect , of course , but they 're getting there , as women -- and men -- embrace not only their bossiness , but all those other qualities that lead them to live lives that are fulfilling in any number of ways . The lesson to children , and to the parents and teachers who raise and nurture them , should be that there is pride in being opinionated , motivated and motivating -- that is , bossy . There is also pride in being not-so-bossy , and in recognizing whatever other specific traits make them special , whether they go on to become leaders or not . There 's a word to describe that , too : individuality . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg is launching a "  Ban Bossy " campaign Peggy Drexler : Abolishing the word is pointless ; other words will take its place She says banning the word seems to say bossy qualities are bad when they 're not Drexler : There is pride in being opinionated and motivated -- that is to say , bossy
CNN  -- In Focus -- Gulf football interests News of an English football deal sent the British media into a frenzy this week , when a private Abu Dhabi group announced a planned takeover of Manchester City . Sheikha Hanadi al Thani talks about the real estate bubble in Qatar With the likes of Emirates , Etihad and Saudi Telecom , the Gulf has long had an interest in English football . Are they sound investments or a matter of prestige ? MME investigates . Facetime with Sheikha Hanadi Al Thani , CEO , Al Waab City Real Estate Development Since 2005 when the World Economic Forum named her the "  Young Global Leader of the Year , " Sheikha Hanadi al Thani has become an inspiration to women across the Arab world . She founded the first firm in Qatar to conduct investment banking and is now the CEO of Al Wa'ab City , a property development that 's set to open in 2010 . She talks to MME about the real estate bubble in Qatar and being a businesswoman in the Gulf . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0815 , 1845 Saturday : 0545 Sunday 0715	On this week 's MME we look at Gulf interests in English football We talk to Sheikha Hanadi Al Thani , CEO , Al Waab City Real Estate Development Al Thani , who started the first investment bank in Qatar , talks about property
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian investigators said Wednesday they had found narcotics on a Greenpeace ship whose crew was detained in the Arctic last month -- an allegation quickly disputed by Greenpeace as a smear . Some of the 30 people who were aboard the icebreaker Arctic Sunrise are likely to face additional charges , the Russian Investigative Committee said . Authorities say they think the narcotics include opium . The 28 Greenpeace activists and two journalists who were arrested on the ship as they protested Arctic drilling already face piracy charges . All 30 pleaded not guilty in court last week . The Investigative Committee said Russian experts were looking into the "  origin and purpose " of the drugs seized , which it described as "  presumably opium straw and morphine . " Greenpeace said the claim that Russian authorities had found drugs on the vessel "  is a smear , it 's a fabrication , pure and simple . " "  We assume this announcement is designed to deflect attention from the growing global outrage over the continued imprisonment of the detainees , " it said in a written statement . The environmental campaign group has repeatedly condemned the detention of its activists , saying they were taking part in a peaceful protest against the "  slow but unrelenting destruction of the Arctic . " Russian authorities made the arrests after two of the activists left the Arctic Sunrise and tried to climb the side of an oil platform owned by the Russian energy giant Gazprom in the Barents Sea . The government in the Netherlands -- where the Arctic Sunrise is registered -- wrote to the Dutch parliament Friday to say it has launched legal action aimed at freeing the 30 under the U.N. Convention of the Law of the Sea . Two of those detained are Dutch citizens . Greenpeace holds vigil , Dutch launch legal action The defendants also include Americans Peter Wilcox , who is the captain of the Arctic Sunrise , and Dmitry Litvinov , who Greenpeace says also holds Swedish citizenship . The other detainees are from Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , Denmark , Britain , New Zealand , Ukraine , Russia , France , Italy , Turkey , Finland , Switzerland , Poland , the United States and Sweden , the group said . If convicted , they could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison . Greenpeace ship captain defies orders , Russians resort to towing Lawyers acting on Greenpeace 's behalf have filed appeals in court seeking the defendants ' release , Greenpeace said . Russian authorities accuse the defendants of trying to commandeer the platform . The authorities and Gazprom also say that the activists endangered the lives of the company 's employees and that their action could have led to an environmental disaster . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Russia 's Investigative Committee says it found morphine , opium aboard Greenpeace ship Greenpeace says Russian claim "  is a smear , it 's a fabrication , pure and simple " Russian authorities detained 30 people aboard the Arctic Sunrise last month Greenpeace says they were protesting peacefully , Russia accuses them of piracy
CNN  -- Prince Harry paraded alongside his fellow British servicemen in Scotland Wednesday , as he attended a memorial to service members who have died in Afghanistan . Prince Harry takes part in a memorial parade and service for troops killed during his tour of Afghanistan . Harry , 23 , serves in the British Army and spent 10 weeks in Afghanistan earlier this year . He was withdrawn unexpectedly in March after news leaked out about his low-key deployment . The prince appeared in uniform alongside around 200 other sailors , soldiers , marines and airmen at the parade , which took place on Edinburgh 's famous Royal Mile . They made their way to St. Giles ' Cathedral for a private memorial and thanksgiving service for the fallen service members . Also attending the service was British Defense Secretary Des Browne , families of the fallen troops , and recovering wounded military personnel . Harry holds the rank of cornet , equivalent to a second lieutenant . He was deployed to Afghanistan 's Helmand province where he served as a forward air controller . His duties included calling in airstrikes and air support when necessary , guaranteeing the accuracy of bombing on the ground and guarding against incidents of friendly fire . The parade and memorial service took place on the same day Britain 's Ministry of Defense announced the deaths of four British soldiers in Afghanistan , and two days after Browne announced Britain will increase its presence in Afghanistan from 7,800 troops to 8,030 by next spring . Watch Prince Harry at the memorial " Prince Harry is the younger son of Prince Charles , the heir to the British throne , and the late Princess Diana , who died in a Paris car crash in 1997 . Last year , the military ruled he could not be sent to Iraq because publicity about the deployment could put him and his unit at risk . Shortly after the news of the prince 's deployment broke , several Islamist Web sites posted messages alerting their "  brethren " in Afghanistan to be on the lookout for the royal soldier . Several members of the British royal family saw combat in the past century . Prince Harry 's grandfather , Prince Phillip , served aboard warships in World War II ; his great-grandfather -- the future King George VI -- took part in the World War I naval battle of Jutland ; and Prince Andrew , Prince Harry 's uncle , flew Royal Navy helicopters during Britain 's 1982 war with Argentina over the Falkland Islands . Prince Harry 's brother , Prince William , is also an army officer . But as second in line for the throne , he is specifically barred from combat .	Harry serves in British Army and spent 10 weeks in Afghanistan this year Decision was made to pull prince from Afghanistan amid fears for his safety Harry marched with 200 sailors , soldiers , marines , airmen at parade in Edinburgh Service took place on the same day four UK soldiers killed in Afghanistan
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Another strong earthquake rocked Indonesia early Thursday as the Southeast Asian nation was reeling from an earlier jolt that killed more than 200 people . A resident stands next to building that collapsed onto a car in Padang , Indonesia , on Wednesday . The 6.8 magnitude quake Thursday hit southern Sumatra at 8:52 a.m. local time  0152 GMT  , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . Wednesday 's earlier quake was 7.6 magnitude . At least 236 people are dead and more than 500 injured , the Indonesian Social Ministry 's Crisis Center said Thursday . It said it had little information on the missing and feared the death toll would climb into the thousands . The second quake was on a smaller scale than the first , said meteorology official Fauzi , who uses only one name . There were no damage reports yet . Indonesian Health Minister Siti Fadilah Supari expected "  the casualties and the damage of this earthquake to be bigger than the 2006 Yogyakarta earthquake , given the intensity and the spread of the damage . " The magnitude-6 .3 Yogyakarta quake in central Java in May 2006 killed more than 5,000 people , triggered fears of an eruption of a nearby volcano and caused significant damage to a 9th century Prambanan temple . Thousands may be trapped by collapsed buildings and houses , Rustam Pakaya , the head of the Health Ministry 's crisis center , told CNN on Wednesday . State-run Antara news agency cited Pakaya as saying he had received reports that part of a hospital had collapsed and that people were buried under the debris . The temblor struck around 5 p.m. , about 33 miles  53 kilometers  from Padang , the capital city of West Sumatra and home to more than 800,000 people . The quake caused widespread power and phone outages , making it difficult to assess damage . Aid agencies kicked into gear to help those in need . "  We had aid ready because this area of Indonesia is susceptible to this type of tragedy , " said Jane Cocking , humanitarian director for Oxfam . "  Communications with the quake-zone are difficult and we are hoping for the best but having to plan for the worst . " "  The situation is quite devastating , " said Amelia Merrick , the operations director for World Vision Indonesia . "  Bridges have gone down , phone lines are in total disrepair . It 's difficult for us to assess the situation , " she said . The organization had said it would send assessment teams to the area Thursday morning . "  We know there 's no electricity tonight ... many of the families will be spending the night outdoors , in pitch black . I 'm very afraid of what might happen next , " she said , referring to the possibility of aftershocks . Hundreds of houses have been damaged , Wayne Ulrich , the Red Cross disaster management coordinator in Indonesia , told CNN . "  We do not know the -LSB- exact -RSB- numbers . " "  We have concerns that a hospital has been partially damaged , a market has caught on fire , the airport was closed down for inspection because of the fear if they landed any planes , " it might cause problems , Ulrich said . Watch Ulrich discuss the rescue efforts " Access to the affected areas was obstructed in parts , he added . It 's "  blocked by all kinds of problems : frightened people out in the streets , cars , and people trying to get out of the city . " The earthquake was felt in nearby cities , such as Medan and Bengkulu , where people panicked and ran outside in search of higher ground , fearing a tsunami . But it was also felt as far away as Singapore and Malaysia . "  I did feel the tremor in office today somewhere between 5 - 6 p.m. , " said Ratna Osman , who works in a single-story office building in Petaling Jaya , just outside Malaysia 's capital Kuala Lumpur . "  I asked -LSB- a co-worker -RSB- if there 's an earthquake somewhere -- either that or I was hallucinating . " "  At first , I thought the chair I was sitting on had a screw loose or something , " Osman said . The region is accustomed to earthquakes , and locals have been taught to identify safe places in case of a tsunami , according to Sean Granville-Ross , the Mercy Corps country director for Indonesia . "  We hope that preparation is now paying off , " he said . But if many homes have been destroyed , people may be spending the night with no shelter , he said . Earlier this month , an earthquake in West Java killed 57 people . Several buildings were damaged , Metro TV reported , and people were seen running out of their homes and toward the hills . One employee of a private company in Jalan Ahmad Yani , told Antara news agency that "  everybody panicked with some shouting ` earthquake . ' " TVOne pictures from the scene showed people milling around outside in the city . Phone lines were apparently down in many parts of Padang . Indonesia 's Tempo Interactive , a media outlet based in Jakarta , had trouble reaching its correspondent in the West Sumatra city , according to journalist Purwani Diyah Prabandari . "  I hope it 's just the cell phone connection , " Prabandari told CNN . Indonesians trying to find out more about the quake flooded the Internet , including Twitter . Some expressed concern for relatives and friends in Padang . "  Dear God , please send down your angels to hug and protect my grandpa in Padang , " said one Twitter post . The Web site for one of Indonesia 's main newspapers , The Jakarta Globe , crashed for a while , partly as a result of the heavy traffic from people trying to find out about the quake , the paper said in a Twitter post . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  issued a tsunami watch for Indonesia , India , Thailand and Malaysia , but canceled it soon after . The temblor did generate a tsunami just under one foot high , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . On Tuesday , a magnitude 8.0 quake-triggered tsunami killed at least 111 people in the Samoan islands and Tonga . Read latest news on the Samoa quake and tsunami The tsunami waves swept across a wide swath of the Pacific Ocean , killing dozens and flattening or submerging villages . The dead included 22 in American Samoa , 82 in Samoa and seven in Tonga . Officials warned that the death toll could rise as rescue workers start to reach outlying villages and discover new casualties . The U.S. Geological Survey declined to say whether the two quakes were linked . "  The simple answer is we ca n't speculate on a connection , " Carrieann Bedwell of the USGS told CNN . "  Both are in highly seismic areas . " The epicenters of the two temblors are about 4,700 miles  7,600 km  apart . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	NEW : Aid agencies kick into gear to help those in need Second quake hits ; thousands feared trapped by collapsed buildings Death toll could climb into thousands Bridges down , phone lines in disrepair , says World Vision Indonesia
For the next two months , Australian polar explorer Eric Philips will be guiding the crew aboard the Greenpeace ship , the "  Arctic Sunrise . " They 're navigating the waters around Greenland to chart the impact of climate change . Philips filed this blog as part of CNN 's special "  Going Green . " PETERMANN GLACIER , Greenland -- I 'm writing this blog from Petermann Glacier in northwest Greenland , where a cold katabatic wind is blowing off the ice onto the deck of the Greenpeace ship Arctic Sunrise . A polar bear checks its reflection in the Robeson channel , near the border between Greenland and Canada . The ship is here on a scientific research mission , and to document the effects of climate warming on the world 's largest island and second largest icecap . I 'm on board as the expedition safety guide , which means making sure that everyone venturing off the ship is well-equipped and well-informed for dealing with conditions in the harsh and remote Arctic wilderness . While it 's exciting to work beside world-class scientists such as ice-sheet climatologist Jason Box , glaciologist Alun Hubbard and geophysicist Richard Bates , it 's equally disheartening to be here bearing witness to the catastrophic events they record . Watch Eric Philip 's video blog " Each year I guide ski expeditions across the pack ice to the North Geographic Pole and each year brings new surprises -- severe storms rarely seen in these parts , vast tracts of first-year ice where there should be years of accumulation , pack ice drifting faster and farther than ever before . The veneer of fractured ice over the Arctic Ocean is changing , disintegrating before my eyes . Over the last twenty years more than 5000 kilometers of ice has passed beneath my skis during numerous expeditions to both poles , as well as treks across Greenland , Spitsbergen , Iceland , Ellesmere Island and the Patagonian Icecap . Add to this multiple voyages and flights to both Antarctica and the Arctic and I have come to feel part of the polar landscape . I 've developed somewhat of a polar sense , and I sense there is something afoot that I do n't much like . Never before has the channel between Ellesmere Island and Greenland been this ice-free in mid-summer ; it 's usually blocked with ice until August . Over the past week we 've placed GPS trackers and time-lapse cameras on and around the Petermann Glacier , in anticipation of it losing a piece of ice around 100 square kilometers in size . Massive cracks are spearing across the "  tongue " of this enormous floating ice shelf  16km wide and 80km long  heralding one of the biggest glacier calvings ever recorded in the northern hemisphere . See photos of the Petermann Glacier " With the ice shelf no longer able to hold back the rest of glacier , that means more fresh water sliding into the ocean . Broadly speaking , the warmer the climate , the greater the melt . This phenomenon is happening not just at Petermann , but at glaciers worldwide , contributing to sea level rise . We 'll be in Greenland for the next two months , during which time this Greenpeace-supported initiative will all but circumnavigate the island . As well as doing a lot of funky innovative science , we 'll be using the expedition to get politicians to take some responsibility for curbing emissions . This week , world leaders are meeting up in Italy for the G8 . It 's a real -- and possibly the last -- opportunity for them to take a stand on climate change in the run up to this December 's climate meeting in Copenhagen , by making cuts of 40 percent in greenhouse gas emissions for developed countries . My dual homelands are Australia and the Arctic -- the latter is showing the strain of climate change more than anywhere else , but Australia is suffering too , with droughts in the south and flooding in the north . Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd will be at the G8 meeting , as will President Obama and other heads of state . Let 's hope they do n't squander this important opportunity to make deep and lasting commitments to curbing climate change .	Scientists on board "  Arctic Sunrise " are charting impact of climate change Started a three-month expedition on June 10 to waters around Greenland Experienced polar explorer Eric Philips is providing safety advice for the crew Philips : "  I sense there is something afoot that I do n't much like "
RollingStone.com  -- After months of rumors , it 's finally official : Max Weinberg wo n't be going with Conan O'Brien to Conan 's new show on TBS . Guitarist Jimmy Vivino will be leading the house musicians , as he often did when Weinberg took breaks from the show to tour with Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band . James Wormworth , Weinberg 's long-time on-air substitute , will be the group 's new full-time drummer . Vivino broke the news in an interview with the St. Louis Riverfront Times . "  Max has his big band out there that has been his dream all his life , " Vivino said . "  And there 's a kid in Jersey that works with him occasionally . " E Street Band guitarist Steve Van Zandt tells Rolling Stone that he 's not sure what caused the split . "  I do n't know why Max and Conan are n't together anymore , " he says . "  But whatever , they had some good years , and Conan gave Max credit for keeping the show on the air for the first two years . That was nice . He was a big fan of the band and he did n't want to mess around with that too much . He was quite good to us over the years . " Weinberg was Conan 's bandleader from the very beginning of "  Late Night With Conan O'Brien " in 1993 , though he would take frequent breaks after Springsteen reunited with the E Street Band in 1999 . Weinberg continued the role during Conan 's ill-fated stint as the host of "  The Tonight Show , " but was the only member of the band to not go on the "  Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television " tour earlier this year . Instead , he formed the Max Weinberg Big Band and went on his own tour . When Rolling Stone asked about his future with Conan in June , he played coy . "  I literally have not thought about it , " he said . "  There have been no discussions . It 's kind of an open question . " Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Max Weinberg wo n't be going with Conan O'Brien to Conan 's new show on TBS Guitarist Jimmy Vivino will be leading the house musicians Weinberg was with Conan from the beginning of "  Late Night With Conan O'Brien " in 1993
Washington  CNN  -- It must have been at least a little satisfying Thursday for President Barack Obama . He had repeatedly warned Russian President Vladimir Putin against annexing Crimea from Ukraine , threatening tougher sanctions aimed at the Russian economy . Following the Russian parliament 's vote to approve the annexation , Obama made a previously unscheduled appearance before TV cameras to essentially tell Putin : I told you I 'd do it . "  These are all choices that the Russian government has made , choices that have been rejected by the international community , as well as the government of Ukraine , " Obama said . "  And because of these choices , the United States is today moving , as we said we would , to impose additional costs on Russia . " ` We said we would ' His hastily arranged remarks signaled European allies that Obama would take a leading role on the issue , and also responded to pressure from political foes and some supporters at home for a tougher response to what Vice President Joe Biden called a "  land grab " by Putin . Even Hillary Clinton , Obama 's former secretary of state who is the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 , said this week that the administration should do more to support Ukraine . Russia lawmakers vote to annex Crimea ; U.S. steps up sanctions The steps announced Thursday expanded on a previous U.S. list of sanctions targets , adding more senior Russian officials and what officials called "  cronies " of Putin as well as a bank controlled by a Putin associate . Obama also warned Moscow that possible further sanctions would go after key sectors of the economy if Russia escalates the crisis in Ukraine . A new executive order signed by Obama authorizes his administration to target Russian companies in the financial services , energy , metals and mining , defense and engineering industries -- all vital components of the Russian economy . EU leaders met Thursday to discuss their own steps , so Obama 's immediate response gave him the mantle of leadership on the matter . Finland 's Minister for European Affairs and Foreign Trade Alexander Stubb told CNN 's Nina dos Santos that the EU will add as many as 10 more names to its previous list of targets , but wo n't hit any companies at this stage . So far , European powers such as Germany and Britain have been unwilling to embrace significant economic sanctions against Russia because of their strong trade and investment ties with Moscow . Severe consequences In a briefing to reporters , senior U.S. administration officials sounded further warnings against any Russian provocations in Ukraine . "  We believe that it is very important to signal that if Russia further escalates this situation they will be met with severe consequences , " one official said . The tough talk looked even more credible compared to Russia 's almost comical response to the U.S. announcement : sanctions against nine U.S. political leaders and administration officials . On Ukraine , more must be done Moscow 's list included House Speaker John Boehner , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Republican Sens. John McCain and Dan Coats , Democratic Sens. Robert Menendez and Mary Landrieu , and some members of Obama 's White House team . "  I guess this means my spring break in Siberia is off , my Gazprom stock is lost , and my secret bank account in Moscow is frozen , " McCain joked in response . ` Badge of honor ' Landrieu , who is facing a tough re-election battle this year in generally conservative Louisiana , called her sanction by Russia "  a badge of honor . " Obama and U.S. officials have made clear that the response to Russia will remain in the diplomatic and economic arenas , with one senior administration official essentially rejecting for now any direct U.S. effort to bolster Ukraine 's military forces for a ground war . "  Nobody wants the outcome here to be a full-bore military conflict between Russia and Ukraine , and in fact , the Ukrainian government themselves have been quite restrained in not giving in to provocation and not having this go the way of bloodshed , " the official said , adding that "  we do n't want to take steps to add to a momentum of further militarizing the situation . " Clinton walks a ` fine line ' on Putin CNNMoney 's Mark Thompson and CNN 's Dana Bash and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	NEW : Finnish official says EU will sanction individuals , not companies Obama quickly announces new U.S. steps to take the lead on a global response U.S. official : Further escalation would bring "  severe consequences " for Russia Sen. Landrieu calls counter-sanction against her by Russia a "  badge of honor "
CNN  -- With the European leg of the Alpine Skiing World Cup in full swing , CNN 's Alpine Edge takes you inside five of the continent 's most high-profile locations . As the planet 's top skiers hurtle down the slopes , Alpine Edge will tell the stories behind the sport iconic resorts from France 's Val d'Isere to 2013 World Championship venue Schladming in Austria . Click the skier icons on the map to find out more about the prestigious venues CNN will cover between now and March 's season-ender in Lenzerheide , Switzerland .	CNN 's Alpine Edge will showcase five Alpine Skiing World Cup venues Alpine Edge will provide insight into resorts in France , Switzerland and Austria Schladming hosts the World Ski Championships in February The 2013 Alpine Skiing World Cup comes to a close in March in Lenzerheide
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian forces that seized an Iraqi oil well have withdrawn from the installation but remain on Iraqi territory , a top Iraqi official charged Sunday . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government deployed more troops to Maysan province where oil well number 4 is located , Iraqi security officials said . They said workers returned to the well Sunday morning , escorted by the Iraqi army . Negotiations to resolve the diplomatic standoff are ongoing , said Iraq 's Deputy Foreign Minister Labid Abawi . Iran , however , dismissed Iraq 's allegations of the takeover . "  Our forces are on our own soil and , based on the known international borders , this well belongs to Iran , " the armed forces command said on the Web site of Iran 's state-run Arabic-language Al-Alam TV . The Iraqi government had issued a strong statement deploring the act after al-Maliki attended an emergency meeting of Iraq 's National Security Council to discuss the situation . Iraq demanded the Iranians withdraw remove an Iranian flag hoisted from the well tower in the takeover on Thursday night . Senior Iraqi government sources initially referred to the Iranians as security forces , but the official Iraqi government statement later called them an armed group . Alaeddin Borujerdi , head of the Iranian parliament 's national security and foreign policy commission , also rejected Iraqi allegations , blaming the international media for distributing propaganda intended to harm relations between Iran and Iraq . Drilled in 1979 , the well near the city of Amara is within the province 's Fakka oil field , which includes a number of wells , the Iraqi government said . The diplomatic scuffle , a manifestation of existing tension between the two neighbors , prompted discussions between Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki and his Iraqi counterpart Hoshyar Zebari on Saturday , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported . Iraq and Iran share a long border , and high-ranking committees from both countries handle all border matters , an Iranian Embassy official said . Political , economic , cultural and religious ties between Iran and Iraq , which are both majority Shiite Muslim nations , greatly improved after the overthrow of the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 . At the same time , there has been widespread concern among Iraqi and U.S. officials that Iran has been providing Iraqi insurgents with material for roadside bombs during the Iraq war . And Iraq and Iran fought a bloody eight-year war that ended in 1988 in a cease-fire with no clear victor and parts of the border under dispute . The report of the oil-well incident comes just after the oil ministry 's two-day auction of oil fields . Aimed at increasing Iraqi oil production , deals were struck for seven of the 15 fields offered . Iraq , however , was forced to halt its exports from northern oil fields due to an attack -- the fourth in two months -- on a main pipeline Saturday about 300 kilometers  186 miles  north of Baghdad , Oil Ministry spokesman Assim Jihad said .	Iranian forces that seized Iraqi oil well withdraw from facility but remain in Iraq , says Iraqi official Iran , however , dismissed Iraq 's allegations of takeover , saying well is in Iranian territory Negotiations to resolve diplomatic standoff are ongoing , says Iraq 's Deputy Foreign Minister The two countries fought 8-year war that ended in 1988 with parts of border under dispute
LONDON , England -- Dubai will stage the world 's richest golf tournament as part of the European Tour 's 2009 schedule . Lofty ambition : The world 's richest golf event was launched at the world 's tallest hotel in Dubai . The Dubai World Championship , to be held at Jumeirah Golf Estates on November 19-22 of that year , will have a prize pool of $ 10 million -- with $ 1,666,660 on offer for the winner . The Tour 's Order of Merit will be renamed The Race to Dubai with a prize pool also of $ 10 million , and is expected to start in January from 2010 instead of late November on the current calendar . The top-ranked player will receive $ 2 million , the runner-up $ 1.5 million and the third-placed player $ 1 million , with prizes down to the 15th player , who will earn $ 250,000 . European Tour chief executive George O'Grady said : "  This is so much more than a tournament sponsorship . It is a long-term partnership which will see the European Tour and Dubai joining together to significantly enhance the game worldwide and take golf to a new level for spectators everywhere . " The first five years of the Tour 's new partnership with Leisurecorp , the company developing Dubai 's leading residential golf community , will also see the building of a new international headquarters for the governing body and the creation of a global property company to develop new tournament venues around the world . The inaugural event will run on either the Fire or Earth course , both of which were designed by former world No. 1 Greg Norman . The Jumeirah complex also includes a Water course designed by Vijay Singh and a Wind course carrying the names of Norman , Sergio Garcia and American designer Pete Dye . The agreement signed between Leisurecorp and the European Tour includes an option to extend for a further five years . O'Grady added : "  The scale of this agreement is testament to the vision of Dubai and its ruler His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , who has recognized the dynamic role golf can play in developing the global profile of this amazing city . "  It is also testament to Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem  chairman of Leisurecorp 's parent company Dubai World  , who has been instrumental in turning that vision into reality . "  The Race to Dubai will bring a new dimension to the European Tour , creating great drama and theatre throughout the year as all the best players in the world are given the opportunity to compete in the world 's richest tournament . "  Moreover , as the European Tour has become ever-more global in its outlook , it has become increasingly important to us to have an international base in a strategically-placed location . "  Dubai is a massively important and growing hub , with outstanding air links to all our locations , and the perfect place for us to offer a tailor-made service to all our members through the Center of Excellence at the European Tour International Headquarters . " As with the current season-ending Volvo Masters at Valderrama in Spain , the Dubai World Championship will be restricted to the leading 60 players on the European money list . The money on offer exceeds what is currently on offer at the four major tournaments . The British Open is the richest of those at the moment at $ 8.6 million , with the Masters , U.S. Open and U.S. PGA all just under $ 7 million this year . The U.S. Tour 's Players Championship is the richest single event , offering a purse of almost $ 9 million . E-mail to a friend	The European Tour will feature the world 's richest golf event in Dubai in 2009 The Dubai World Championship will have a prize purse of $ 10 million The Tour 's Order of Merit money list will be renamed the ` Race To Dubai '
CNN  -- Ruthless pirates try to hijack an unarmed American ship . They seize the captain and , after negotiations fail , Navy SEALs stage a daring rescue . It reads like the plot of a Hollywood movie . And now it is one . The real-life events that surrounded the 2009 attempted seizure of the Maersk Alabama inspired the film "  Captain Phillips , " which will be released on Friday . When asked about taking on the leading role in the film , Oscar-winning actor Tom Hanks said his main focus was accurately portraying Capt. Richard Phillips ' story . "  I do n't want to ruin his life by , you know , turning his motivations into something they were n't , " Hanks said earlier this month . That can be difficult , Hanks said , because of "  the fakery that goes on " in creating a cohesive screenplay based on real-life events . "  When we met , I told Rich , I said , ` Hey , look , I 'm going to say things you never said and I 'm going to be places you never were , but what I 'm going for is ... authenticity . ' " Phillips ' crew members say he is not the hero the film will likely present him as .  "  If you want to shoot someone , shoot me ! " Tom Hanks bravely yells at one of the armed Somali pirates , in the movie 's trailer . In reality , Phillips ignored numerous warnings to stay farther off the coast of Somalia , the site of dozens of hijackings , which hit their peak in 2008 and gained international attention . Many of the Alabama 's crew members are suing the shipping company , the Danish shipping line Maersk , in part because they say Phillips deliberately sailed the ship into harm 's way to shorten the trip to Mombasa , Kenya , and save money . On April 8 , 2009 , four armed Somali pirates boarded the Maersk Alabama about 380 miles off the Somali coast . After failing to take control of the ship , the pirates seized Phillips and held the captain on a small lifeboat for five days until Navy SEALs shot and killed three of the kidnappers and captured the fourth . Somalia pirate retires Before the incident , a private maritime security agency called Securewest International had sent e-mail warnings about piracy in the region to all ships in the area ; one was sent specifically to Phillips . Each e-mail was based on information from British and U.S. naval authorities and one urged the Alabama to stay clear of the shipping lanes where Phillips was heading . "  Vessels should consider maintaining a distance of more than 600 nautical miles from the Somali coastline , " one of the Securewest messages advised . Phillips said to CNN 's Drew Griffin in 2010 and in a court deposition last year that he ignored the numerous warnings that urged him to go farther out to sea . Accused high-ranking Somali pirate gets life sentences Phillips is a witness in the lawsuit between some of the crew and the shipping company , scheduled to go to trial in December . When asked last year why he decided not to take the boat farther offshore , Phillips testified , "  I do n't believe 600 miles would make you safe . I did n't believe 1,200 miles would make you safe . As I told the crew , it would be a matter of when , not if ... We were always in this area . " After his rescue by U.S. Navy SEAL commandos , Phillips was lauded as a hero and wrote a book about his ordeal , "  A Captain 's Duty . " The publisher promoted him as a sea captain who risked his life by offering himself as a hostage "  in exchange for the safety of the crew , " something Phillips later acknowledged was a falsity spread by erroneous media reports . "  I did n't give myself up , " he told Griffin during his book tour in 2010 . "  I was already a hostage by then . " He later said , "  The media made everything out to be me . But that 's the media . When I came home , I really did n't go and put myself in front of the media . A lot of my crew did . I did n't . " He said the real heroes are the Navy SEALs and his crew , who he said stayed calm , followed orders and instincts , and prevented a tragedy . "  They did a wonderful job , " he said . "  It 's in the book . Everywhere I speak , I say what a great job they did . " CNN 's Drew Griffin and David Fitzpatrick contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	"  Captain Phillips , " starring Tom Hanks , opens Friday It is based on the 2009 attempted hijacking of the Maersk Alabama The crew members have criticized Phillips for ignoring warnings The crew 's lawsuit against Maersk is scheduled for trial in December
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A worker at a west Philadelphia abortion clinic has pleaded guilty to two counts of murder and may testify against Dr. Kermit Gosnell , the doctor accused of performing illegal late-term abortions , court officials said . Lynda Williams , a former employee of Gosnell 's Women 's Medical Society clinic , entered a guilty plea Wednesday to six charges , including two counts of third-degree murder . The first charge is for the 2009 death of an aborted fetus that the Philadelphia district attorney 's office claims in a grand jury report was born alive . The second is the death of 41-year-old Karnamaya Mongar , who died in a second-trimester abortion , according to Common Pleas Court Judge Benjamin Lerner . Mongar died November 19 , 2009 , after overdosing on anesthetics prescribed by Gosnell , according to Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams . The other charges Williams pleaded guilty to are delivery of drugs illegally causing the death of another human being , engaging in corrupt organization and two counts of conspiracy to corrupt . Williams is the fifth person to plead guilty in this case . Gosnell 's wife , Pearl , is being charged as a co-conspirator . Lerner said that the district attorney 's office is expecting Williams to testify . The Philadelphia district attorney 's office grand jury report from January 11 , 2011 , charged Kermit Gosnell with murder for allegedly performing abortions past the 24-week limit prescribed by law . The report says scissors were used to sever infants ' spinal cords . He faces eight counts of murder in the deaths of seven babies and Mongar . Prosecutors filed a pleading saying they intended to seek the death penalty against him . There is a federal criminal investigation into the abortion clinic deaths , and Williams may face federal violations . Williams ' sentencing hearing is scheduled for December 20 . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Clinic worker pleads guilty to six charges Authorities allege infants were killed with scissors Dr. Kermit Gosnell faces murder charges in the case
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese police have arrested a man after the dismembered body of a missing six-year-old girl was found in several plastic bags near her home in Kobe City . Through DNA testing , police identified the remains as those of first-grade student Mirei Ikuta , missing since September 11 , police from Hyogo prefecture told CNN . The remains were found Tuesday afternoon by police searching bush near the girl 's home . Police said a 47-year-old local man , Yasuhiro Kimino , was arrested Wednesday afternoon in relation to the disposal of the body . Local media reported the man 's hospital ID card had been found in the bags . Japanese news agency Kyodo quoted an investigation source as saying the bags , one containing the victim 's head and another the victim 's hand , was found about 100 meters from her family home in central Japan . Local media reported Mirei was last seen at her grandmother 's house on September 11 , before leaving to see a friend . Two brothers re-arrested in Pakistan for cannibalism	The remains of missing 6-year-old Mirei Ikuta has been found in Kobe City , Japan Police have arrested a 47-year-old man from the area over the disposal of her body Ikuta was last seen on September 11 Her dismembered remains were found in several plastic bags , police said
CNN  -- Travelers are getting back on the move Wednesday , a day after heavy snowfall caused cancellations and delays across much of northern Europe . Eurostar , the high-speed passenger rail service that connects London , Paris , Brussels and other cities , resumed a limited schedule on Wednesday . Journey times will be about two hours longer than usual on the trains that are running , the company said . "  Disruption on the high-speed line continues , and we anticipate speed restrictions remaining in place throughout the day , " a statement on its website said . Eurostar has urged passengers not to travel Wednesday unless their journey is essential , saying they can request an exchange or refund . Eurostar services on Thursday will also be affected by continuing freezing conditions , the company said . Eight trains are already canceled , while others may take up to an hour longer than usual to reach their destination . Almost all Eurostar services were canceled Tuesday because of snow , ice and high winds , affecting around 10,000 passengers . French train operator SNCF said it had put up more than 1,000 customers in hotel rooms near train stations overnight and had made sleeper cabins available on some trains . Motorists in northern France have also been badly affected by the snow and black ice , including many in the capital , Paris . "  The situation is particularly difficult at the moment with so many trucks stuck on the road , we must respect that this is the information we have and it is not easy , " French Interior Minister Manuel Valls told BFM-TV . "  We are working very hard to relieve the situation and to help the people who are currently stuck . " Some 2,000 stranded motorists had to be given shelter overnight , an Interior Ministry statement said . Emergency workers have given food and drink to others who chose to stay in their vehicles . Nearly 34,700 homes in northern France were without electricity on Wednesday , down from 80,000 as of Tuesday evening , the ministry said . Flights backlog All four runways are in operation Wednesday at Germany 's Frankfurt Airport -- a major European hub -- but about 100 flights will be canceled over the course of the day . The situation is easing but the backlog of canceled flights has to be reduced , spokesman Dieter Hulick told CNN . The airport canceled 800 of a total 1,238 flights on Tuesday as it grappled with heavy , drifting snow that closed all four runways for several hours . Cots were put up in the airport overnight for stranded passengers , Hulick said . Travel was also disrupted by heavy snowfall in Moscow on Wednesday morning , with some flights delayed and roads gridlocked . Worse weather is forecast for the Russian capital in the coming days . Gusting wind Late-winter blasts like these are nothing new for central Europe , according to CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . In fact , Germany refers to it as Marzwinter , or "  March winter , " Miller said . The phenomenon occurs in mid-March when , after a period of spring-like warmth early in the month that often coaxes trees and flowers to begin to bloom , cold northerly winds bring mid-winter type weather back to the country . True to form , last week there were seven consecutive days of above-average temperatures in Frankfurt . The mercury peaked Saturday with a high of 17 degrees Celsius  about 62 degrees Fahrenheit  , the kind of temperature usually expected in mid-May . On Tuesday , however , winter returned with a vengeance , dropping 12 centimeters  4.7 inches  of snow on the city by noon . In addition to the snow , winds have gusted to 50 and 60 kph  31 to 37 mph  , creating whiteout conditions and making travel even more difficult . Northern France took the brunt of the storm , with some locations seeing up to 40 centimeters  nearly 16 inches  of snow . Gusty winds have created snow drifts a meter deep or more in places . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Disruption to Eurostar trains will continue into Thursday , the operator says NEW : French authorities had to find shelter for 2,000 stranded motorists overnight NEW : Heavy snowfall Wednesday morning delayed travelers in Moscow "  We are working very hard to relieve the situation , " says French interior minister
HELSTON , England  CNN  -- A huge cyclone struck Myanmar in May 2008 . It was the largest recorded disaster in that country , killing more than 130,000 people and leaving millions homeless . Since 2001 , Tom Henderson 's organization , ShelterBox , has supplied aid to more than 600,000 people . "  We were one of the first aid agencies into the country , delivering our ShelterBoxes , " says Tom Henderson , whose relief package and organization of the same name has aided more than 600,000 victims of disasters of all scales worldwide since 2001 . Designed to help an extended family survive for a minimum of six months , the lightweight , weatherproof box contains items such as a 10-person tent , blankets , basic tools , water-purification tablets and containers , a multi-fuel or wood-burning stove , mosquito nets and other items tailored to the particular region in crisis . The "  ShelterBox is designed to be small enough so two people can carry it -- but it has to be large enough to get equipment in for 10 people , " Henderson explains . "  It 's a simple package of aid delivered to the most needy people in the shortest amount of time . " The ex-Royal Navy search-and-rescue diver says the idea behind the ShelterBox came to him "  literally in a heartbeat " while watching the news in 1999 . Henderson was struck by the footage he saw of relief workers dropping food on the ground to victims of a disaster . "  I decided there and then that I would try to make a difference in a more sensible and dignified way , " he recalls . "  I went to my study and I got a piece of paper out , and I wrote down ` shelter , ' ` warm , ' ` comfort , ' and ` dignity . ' And that 's where it started . " Though Henderson says people thought he was crazy , he searched around the world for the products he knew would work . In 2000 , he brought his idea to the local Helston-Lizard Rotary Club , where members adopted the cause . In January 2001 , the first 143 ShelterBoxes were flown to earthquake-ravaged Gujarat , India . Since then , the ShelterBox organization has responded to more than 70 disasters in 46 countries . "  If people have lost everything why should they lose their dignity as well ? " asks Henderson . "  So we were very keen , as well as delivering aid , to give people back their dignity , put them back in control . " Watch how ShelterBox helps victims of disasters around the world " The secret of its success is two-fold , explains Henderson . ShelterBox is nonpolitical , accepting no funding from government agencies , and is a worldwide network with communication hubs near every potential disaster site via Rotary International . This allows ShelterBox to respond within 72 hours of a disaster anywhere in the world , subject to customs and local political barriers . According to ShelterBox , each box costs # 490 in the United Kingdom and $ 1,000 in the United States , including all materials , packing , storage and distribution to recipients around the world . Donations from the British public and money raised from Rotary Clubs worldwide help fund the boxes . Watch Henderson reveal the items in a typical ShelterBox " "  Nobody can buy our boxes , they are only available for free , " says Henderson . Although Henderson does not travel to drop off boxes or choose where they go , he says he remains motivated by the thought of the millions of people that need help every day , and that if ShelterBox stops delivering aid , people might not survive . Watch Henderson tell the story of a mother and her baby in a ShelterBox " "  The goal for me was these people , " he says . "  I had pictures in my mind 's eye ... -LSB- like -RSB- children dying in the snow after a disaster . We want this to last for years to come , not just to get them through this disaster , -LSB- but -RSB- as a springboard for moving forward . " Stories that Henderson hears from the field remind him that ShelterBox is doing just that . Recently , a woman in Kenya gave birth to a baby girl in a ShelterBox tent . "  The ShelterBox became a crib for the baby . And the blankets became blankets for the baby , " says Henderson . "  It 's a huge feeling of pride and satisfaction when these sorts of things happen . "	Tom Henderson 's organization , ShelterBox , helps disaster victims worldwide It provides free ShelterBoxes , containing items such as blankets , tools and tents The organization has aided more than 600,000 victims of disasters since 2001
CNN  -- The mayor of Cambridge , Massachusetts , said she is going to meet with the city 's police chief to make sure the scenario that caused the arrest of a prominent black Harvard University professor does not happen again . Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. says he and his attorneys are considering further actions . "  This suggests that something happened that should not have happened , " Cambridge Mayor E. Denise Simmons said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The situation is certainly unfortunate . This ca n't happen again in Cambridge . " Harvard scholar Henry Louis Gates Jr. was arrested last week at his home after a confrontation with an officer investigating a possible break-in , according to a Cambridge police report . Cambridge authorities on Tuesday dropped disorderly conduct charges against Gates . Responding to a reporter 's question on Gates ' arrest , President Obama said Wednesday night the Cambridge police "  acted stupidly . " Watch Obama 's reaction " Obama defended Gates while admitting that he may be "  a little biased " because the professor is a friend of his . "  But I think it 's fair to say , No. 1 , any of us would be pretty angry ; No. 2 , that the Cambridge police acted stupidly in arresting somebody when there was already proof that they were in their own home ; and , No. 3 ... that there 's a long history in this country of African-Americans and Latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately . " Was the professor profiled ? " The incident shows "  how race remains a factor in this society , " Obama said . Obama 's remarks are being questioned by Senate Republicans , whose campaign arm is paying for a Web ad asking whether it is appropriate for the president to say Cambridge police acted stupidly . The ad will run on the Drudge Report . "  This is n't taking sides between the police officers and Mr. Gates , " said Brian Walsh , spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee . "  It is the issue of whether it is appropriate for the president of the United States to be weighing in and taking sides before , by his own admission , all the facts are known . " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday that Obama does n't regret his comments . Obama "  was not calling the -LSB- arresting -RSB- officer stupid . The situation got out of hand , " Gibbs said . Gates said on Wednesday that although charges were dropped , he will keep the issue alive . "  This is not about me ; this is about the vulnerability of black men in America , " Gates told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . Gates said the mayor called him to apologize . Simmons , Cambridge 's first black female mayor , confirmed that she apologized to Gates . Watch how the mayor is handling the incident " Gates said he 'd be prepared to forgive the arresting officer "  if he told the truth " about what the scholar called "  fabrications " in the police report . The officer , Sgt. James Crowley , told CNN affiliate WCVB-TV in Boston , Massachusetts , on Wednesday that he will not apologize . "  There are not many certainties in life , but it is for certain that Sgt. Crowley will not be apologizing , " he said . Crowley wrote in the Cambridge police report that Gates refused to step outside to speak with him , the police report said . When Crowley told Gates that he was investigating a possible break-in , Gates opened the front door and exclaimed , "  Why , because I 'm a black man in America ? " the report said . The report said Gates initially refused to show the officer identification but eventually produced a Harvard identification card , prompting Crowley to radio for Harvard police . Gates is director of Harvard 's W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research . "  While I was led to believe that Gates was lawfully in the residence , I was quite surprised and confused with the behavior he exhibited toward me , " Crowley said , according to the report . iReport.com : "  Shame " on Gates Gates was arrested for "  loud and tumultuous behavior in a public space " and was released from police custody after spending four hours at the police station . Gates said Wednesday that he and his attorneys were considering further actions , not excluding a lawsuit . Gates said that although the ordeal had upset him , "  I would do the same thing exactly again . " Earlier this week , a prosecutor dropped the charge against Gates and the Police Department recommended the matter not be pursued .	Cambridge , Massachusetts , mayor says she 'll talk to police chief about arrest "  This ca n't happen again in Cambridge , " mayor says of Harvard scholar 's arrest Disorderly conduct charges later dropped against Henry Louis Gates Jr. . Mayor calls Gates to apologize after arrest at his home
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz warned on Wednesday that the release of the Senate Intelligence Committee 's report on the use of torture is causing the United States ' allies to "  rethink " their cooperation with the country . He also pledged that when Republicans take over the Senate next month and have control over both chambers of Congress , they 'll take steps to be a "  check " on President Barack Obama 's "  ill-advised foreign policy . " In remarks at the conservative Heritage Foundation , Cruz declared , "  Torture is wrong , unambiguously . " But he decried the release of what he called a "  partisan Democrat " report as "  reckless and irresponsible . " "  The international repercussions of this partisan report are just beginning , " he said , adding that even "  friends and allies across the globe are rethinking " their relationship with the U.S. Cruz centered his remarks on an indictment of the "  Obama-Clinton " foreign policy , a term he 's used before in criticizing the current administration 's policies and a nod to the fact that he 's contemplating a potential presidential run -- which could pit him against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who is seen as Democrats ' likely nominee . "  The consequences of the Obama-Clinton foreign policy is that our friends no longer trust us , and our enemies no longer fear us , " Cruz said . "  That is profoundly dangerous for America and is profoundly dangerous for the world . " In particular , he took issue with Obama 's handling of Russian aggression against Ukraine , and he argued that the U.S. should offer military support to the country to help it ward off Russia 's attempts at annexation . And he slammed the developing Iranian nuclear deal as "  the Obamacare of -LSB- the President 's -RSB- second term . " The criticism was reference to Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes ' recent comparison of a deal with Iran to health care reform , the crowning achievement of Obama 's first term that has faced fierce opposition from Republicans and remains unpopular with the public . Cruz argued the U.S. should drop those negotiations immediately and reinstate tougher sanctions , and that any further negotiations should have "  more stick and a whole lot less carrot . " He also made reference to Clinton 's recent remarks that Americans should try to "  empathize " with the nation 's enemies , which Republicans seized on as evidence Clinton has a lack of understanding of the challenges facing the nation abroad . "  In the Obama-Clinton foreign policy , all members of the international community are equal , be they nations are not , and should be dealt with respectfully and with empathy , " he said , with a laugh . "  Let me be very clear : When it comes to radical Islamic terrorists who are crucifying Christians , who are beheading children , what our foreign policy needs is not additional empathy . It needs clarity and force and resolve to defend the United States of America , " he said . Cruz concluded by declaring , "  We will see some check , I believe , in the next two years on the President 's ill-advised foreign policy " from the new Congress . "  There is agreement , and in many ways bipartisan agreement , in the Senate that the Obama-Clinton foreign policy is disastrous and is undermining America in the world . And I hope , and expect , the Senate , without Harry Reid as majority leader , will begin to take up commonsense legislation to strengthen our alliances and stand against our enemies , " he said .	Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said the release of the torture report will affect U.S. relations with its allies Cruz also said the GOP-led Senate will act as a "  check " on Obama 's foreign policy The potential presidential contender took aim at what he called the "  Obama-Clinton " foreign policy
CNN  -- The annual Thanksgiving debate over your mother 's turkey-roasting method and your uncle 's political sideswiping is just about over . Even that storm that snarled up travel on the East Coast during the busiest travel time of the year has passed . It 's nearly time to go home . More than 46 million people are estimated to be traveling this Thanksgiving , according to AAA projections , and 90 % of them are traveling by car . With a little luck , some patience and planning , they 'll make it home this weekend . #ATL24 : The invisible army behind the world 's busiest airport Here are several ways to stay sane this busy holiday season : Check your flight , no matter where you 're going . Think you do n't have to worry about bad weather because you 're returning home to a sunny spot like Florida or California ? Not so fast . That airplane you 're picking up in San Diego may have been coming from Minneapolis or Chicago . If your aircraft is coming from a city hit by foul weather , it can hold up your warm weather travel . Check your aircraft 's journey on your airline website , or pick an app to track your aircraft 's path . Do n't drive into a storm . Monitor your local and regional forecasts . If you 're driving home to Buffalo and that city is expecting another seven feet of snow  hypothetically speaking  , stay put . If there 's a possibility that bad weather could hit while you 're on the road , make sure to have cold-weather clothing and shoes , extra water and snacks , charged-up devices , diapers for the little ones , a full tank of gas and flares in case you get stopped by weather . Charge your devices . Expect crowds surrounding the electrical outlets at your departure airport to increase if your flight is delayed . And do n't expect rest stops to share their outlets with you . Have a car charger and stash a power pack or a few battery chargers for your portable electronic devices  useful for driving or flying  . Rebook your flight for free . Many airlines have teams devoted to tracking the weather and rearranging flight schedules to avoid bad weather . If the weather proves too dangerous for flight , airlines will often offer customers the opportunity to rebook their flights free of charge , before you leave for the airport . Sometimes , the airlines will even waive fees to rebook customers who see the writing on the wall and call before the bad weather hits . Track winter weather Act quickly . Rebook your itinerary as soon as possible . While you mull over a new itinerary , other passengers are snapping up open seats . Be sure your airline has your e-mail address and phone number , advises Rick Seaney , CEO of airfare tracker FareCompare.com . If you did n't provide this information when you purchased the ticket , go online and add it . Elite fliers should use their loyalty program hot lines and head to frequent flier lounges for better access to airline reps. Buy a one-day lounge pass for the better service if you 're not a member . Follow your airline and airport on social media . Follow your airlines and airports via Twitter and Facebook . Many airlines and airports post the speediest updates to their Twitter feeds , so start following them now . Sign up for your airline alerts to get flight updates e-mailed to your smartphone . Do n't debate flight attendants about smartphones vs. computers . Your aircraft will probably be packed , and flight attendants will be busy helping infrequent travelers get settled into their seats . Yes , you now have the right to use your iPad and other portable electronic devices in airplane mode below 10,000 feet on some flights . But maybe your tablet looks big enough to look like a laptop ? You may be on vacation , but your flight crew is working the holiday . Do you want to argue with people who can throw you off your flight ? Be one of the nice ones . Stock up on snacks . Stock up on nonperishable snacks and drinks for the car  if you 're flying , avoid the drinks , but carry an empty water bottle to refill after you clear airport security  . Granola bars , beef jerky , nuts and dried fruit , and other protein-rich snacks can keep you and the children going without spending a fortune at rest stops or the airport . If you get stuck at the airport . If you get stranded , multitask . Do n't only go to the ticket counter . Use the NextFlight app and type in your city pair to get the next flights for the major airlines , travel blogger Benet Wilson suggested . Then , call the airline on your cell phone and give them your preferred options . You might get booked on another flight before you reach the front of the line .  Also consider nearby cities where you can rent a car and drive to your final destination . Stay home next year . Really , you gave the extended family Thanksgiving this year . Maybe work will "  require " that you work the rest of that holiday week next year , and you just wo n't be able to make it . Just do n't post pictures from sunny Barbados .	A big storm is threatening the East Coast during this busy holiday week Bad weather can delay flights to and from sunny places Make sure to charge your devices and bring extra snacks
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal has beaten Roger Federer 7-6 7-6 in the final of the World Tennis Championships exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi . The world No. 1 recovered from 3-0 down in the first set tie-break to eventually win 7-4 as Federer made a series of unforced errors to gift the Spaniard the opening set . The second set proved equally close with both players unable to force a break of serve . But Nadal made lighter work of the second set tie-break to overcome the World No. 2 7-3 . The two men last met each other in November at the ATP World Tour Finals event in London where Federer was the victor in three sets . What were the top tennis moments of 2010 ? Nadal will be looking to regain the Australian Open title he won back in 2009 when the tournament starts on January 17 in Melbourne . Should he succeed , he will hold all four grand slam titles at the same time , having won the French Open , Wimbledon and the U.S. Open in 2010 .	World No. 1 overcomes Roger Federer 7-6 , 7-6 in exhibition final in Abu Dhabi Nadal takes opening set tie-break after unforced errors from World No. 2 Spaniard will hold all four grand slam titles at once if he wins Australian Open later this month
Washington  CNN  -- AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka has a blunt message for labor union members : Get to the polls next week , because "  as bad as things are , they can get a whole lot worse . " As part of a massive get-out-the-vote operation , the labor federation is sending out 10 million personalized letters from Trumka as a final mailing to its membership Monday . Enclosed with each letter is a detailed "  slate card " tailored to each member . It lists all of the state-wide candidates endorsed by labor , as well as the candidates for the House of Representatives and the state legislature . The card includes the person 's polling place and information about what kind of identification they may need to bring . Trumka penned two letters Monday , each with a different message , which the union 's spokesman called "  the most sophisticated -LSB- get-out-the-vote -RSB- mail program the AFL-CIO has ever done . " The union uses "  micro targeting " analysis to pinpoint the issues union members care about and that , in turn , determines which letter they will receive . In one version , Trumka warns his members that if the Republicans win control of Congress they will privatize Social Security , send jobs to China , cut off any future extensions of unemployment benefits and let insurance companies take away health care coverage . The letter closes by saying , "  get mad and do something about it . " The other personalized letter from Trumka echoes the message President Barack Obama and Democrats have focused on over the past few weeks : undisclosed outside money is fueling an onslaught of television ads and distorting the records of pro-union candidates . This letter links the foreign money theme with the Democrats ' other message on the economy : that big businesses are planning to outsource U.S. jobs . Trumka writes , "  The same foreign companies that are stealing American jobs are now trying to buy our American elections . " Including this mailing , the AFL-CIO has sent out 28.6 million pieces of political literature this midterm cycle . The labor federation also has call centers in 26 states that have high union membership and competitive congressional and statewide races . For example , in Ohio , there are 17 call centers where members are contacting fellow labor workers urging them to vote a week from Tuesday . Volunteers are leafleting work sites and doing neighborhood walks to encourage people to turn out . While the AFL-CIO is not funding television ads on behalf of candidates , its largest member , the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Workers , is putting tens of millions of dollars into ads . A spokesman for the AFL-CIO declined to give a figure for how much the get-out-the-vote effort is costing , saying the organization does n't want to give away any information to the other side about the extent of its efforts .	The union 's president wrote a pair of letters to members The mailings this week will go to 10 million members The letters contend the GOP will privatize Social Security and send jobs overseas
CNN  -- An Arizona gun store says it has canceled a recent purchase of an AR-15 semiautomatic rifle by Mark Kelly thwarting the retired astronaut 's attempt to demonstrate how easy it is to buy high-powered weapons . Kelly , the husband of former Rep. Gabby Giffords and an outspoken advocate for new gun control measures , had in recent interviews said he was buying the rifle to showcase what he said are unobtrusive background checks . Kelly : Gun loophole makes no sense Doug MacKinlay , owner of Diamondback Police Supply , said it was Kelly 's statements that caused him to stop the sale . "  I determined that it was in my company 's best interest to terminate this transaction prior to his returning to my store to complete the Federal Form 4473 and NICS  National Instant Criminal Background Check System  required of Mr. Kelly before he could take possession of this firearm , " MacKinlay posted on the Tuscon store 's Facebook page Monday . Gabby and Mark : The new ` Bradys ' of gun control MacKinlay said he sent a full refund to Kelly and nixed the transaction because Kelly made statements in the media that the rifle purchase was "  for reasons other then  sic  for his personal use . " Kelly could not immediately be reached for comment Tuesday . The AR-15 is one of America 's top-selling firearms , and has become a focus of the gun control debate after being used in a recent spate of mass shootings . One was used in the December massacre at a Connecticut elementary school . Advocates for tighter gun laws argue there 's no need for Americans to own the powerful rifle , but the gun 's proponents say the AR-15 's accuracy makes it safe . Kelly said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer , " that it was "  important for me to have firsthand knowledge about how easy it is or difficult it is to buy a weapon like that . " Intern 's memoir recalls Giffords shooting Later on in the March 11 interview Kelly said "  It is actually pretty easy . You know , for a weapon that 's so deadly and really designed for the military , especially with the high-capacity magazines , it is a pretty easy thing to do , even with a background check . " Kelly has become a fierce gun control advocate after Giffords , his wife , was wounded in a 2011 Arizona shooting . Giffords was shot in the head in the Tucson shooting rampage that left six dead . Gun focus shifts from ban to checks and trafficking	Arizona gun store says it has refunded the money Kelly is the husband of former Rep. Gabby Giffords Giffords was shot in the head in Tuscon two years ago
CNN  -- A Florida appeals court granted George Zimmerman 's request for a new judge Wednesday , saying the original judge 's remarks put Zimmerman in reasonable fear of a fair trial . Zimmerman , 28 , is charged with second-degree murder in the February 26 shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin . Zimmerman 's attorneys wanted Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester removed , saying language he used in a bail order disparaged their client 's character and held over his head the threat of future criminal proceedings . The Fifth District Court of Appeal agreed , and Lester must now step down . There was no immediate response to the ruling from either Lester , prosecutors or Zimmerman 's attorneys . Lester revoked Zimmerman 's original $ 150,000 bond after learning Zimmerman and his wife , Shellie , failed to disclose more than $ 100,000 in donations from the public . The judge then set a new bail of $ 1 million in July , and it was the language in that bail order that Zimmerman and his lawyers took issue with . The court agreed with Zimmerman 's attorneys that Lester "  made gratuitous , disparaging remarks about Mr. Zimmerman 's character ; advocated for Mr. Zimmerman to be prosecuted for additional crimes ; offered a personal opinion about the evidence for the prosecution ; continued to hold over Mr. Zimmerman 's head the threat of future contempt proceedings , and ultimately set a bond at $ 1,000,000 . " The appeals court also agreed that Lester 's remarks "  created reasonable fear in Mr. Zimmerman that the court is biased against him , and , as a result of this prejudice can not receive a fair and impartial trial or hearing by the trial court . " Florida prosecutors mistakenly release confidential Zimmerman case documents In his July bail order , Lester wrote that "  under any defnition , the defendant has flouted the system " and "  tried to manipulate the system when he has been presented the opportunity to do so . " Lester also wrote that it was his "  personal opinion " that Zimmerman intentionally gave false or misleading information in his bail application -- which is a felony -- and he suggested the possibility of future contempt proceedings . "  Holding this over Mr. Zimmerman creates a horrible chilling effect on this case , on the defense presentation , and cements Mr. Zimmerman 's fear that he will not get a fair trial from the trial court , " the appeals court wrote . Zimmerman is free after posting the $ 1 million bond . The former neighborhood watch captain has pleaded not guilty to the charges and said he shot the 17-year-old Martin in self-defense after Martin attacked him . Martin , who was unarmed , was walking through a gated neighborhood in Sanford , Florida , to his father 's girlfriend 's house when he was killed .	Defendant George Zimmerman had appealed for a new judge The court agrees that judge put Zimmerman in reasonable fear of a fair trial Zimmerman 's lawyers say the judge disparaged their client Zimmerman is charged with murder in the death of Trayvon Martin
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British couple who married in a lavish Second Life wedding ceremony are to divorce after one of them had an alleged "  affair " in the online world . Second Life users can interact and form relationships with other players ' avatars . Amy Taylor , 28 , said she had caught husband David Pollard , 40 , having sex with an animated woman . The couple , who met in an Internet chatroom in 2003 , are now separated . "  I went mad -- I was so hurt . I just could n't believe what he 'd done , " Taylor told the Western Morning News . "  It may have started online , but it existed entirely in the real world and it hurts just as much now it is over . " Second Life allows users to create alter egos known as "  avatars " and interact with other players , forming relationships , holding down jobs and trading products and services for a virtual currency convertible into real life dollars . iReport.com : Share your stories from Second Life Taylor said she had caught Pollard 's avatar having sex with a virtual prostitute : "  I looked at the computer screen and could see his character having sex with a female character . It 's cheating as far as I 'm concerned . " The couple 's real-life wedding in 2005 was eclipsed by a fairy tale ceremony held within Second Life . But Taylor told the Western Morning News she had subsequently hired an online private detective to track his activities : "  He never did anything in real life , but I had my suspicions about what he was doing in Second Life . " iReport.com : Anger in a virtual world Pollard admitted having an online relationship with a "  girl in America " but denied wrongdoing . "  We were n't even having cyber sex or anything like that , we were just chatting and hanging out together , " he told the Western Morning News . Taylor is now in a new relationship with a man she met in the online roleplaying game World of Warcraft .	British couple divorce over alleged affair in virtual world Second Life Woman says she caught ex-husband having online sex with a virtual prostitute Ex-husband admits online relationship , denies "  cyber sex or anything like that "
CNN  -- The remains of Tropical Storm Karen drifted over the northern Gulf of Mexico after the former cyclone fizzled out Sunday morning , forecasters reported . After being downgraded from a tropical storm to a depression overnight , Karen broke up into disorganized remnants south of Louisiana , the Miami-based National Hurricane Center said . Top sustained winds had fallen to about 30 mph , and the system was blowing east without a well-defined center , the hurricane center reported . The storm was still expected to drop between 1 and 3 inches of rain over the central Gulf Coast and Southeast through Monday , raising the possibility of localized coastal flooding , but all storm warnings were discontinued late Saturday . Karen formed on Thursday between Cuba and Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula with 65-mph winds . By Friday , its top winds had fallen to 40 mph , and forecasters said it would n't develop into a hurricane .	NEW : Karen no longer a tropical cyclone , top winds drop to 30 mph The storm is blowing eastward in the Gulf of Mexico Karen could leave 1 to 3 inches of rain in parts of the central Gulf Coast and Southeast
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Education reached a settlement with Yale University on Friday , acknowledging the school "  largely under-reported " allegations of sexual harassment , but has since made changes to its policies to resolve accusations it allowed a "  sexually hostile environment " on campus . Russlynn Ali , the department 's assistant secretary for civil rights , said the school 's process for reporting sexual harassment had been "  confusing to students " and "  that records of their complaints and their outcomes were not adequately kept . " The federal investigation was spawned in 2011 by a 26-page complaint filed by 16 students following a controversial video released online that showed fraternity recruits yelling chants encouraging rape as they marched through campus . The complaint also followed reports of a party in which undergraduate students were allegedly asked to strip naked . Yale students were "  not made aware of the resources available to victims of sexual harassment and violence , " said Ali , whose investigation "  revealed allegations of sexual harassment beyond what was included in the  2011  complaint . " Over a four-year period , there were 13 documented cases of sexual harassment , an illustration of the underreporting that went on at the school . Under the agreement , the university will not face disciplinary action with the understanding that it keeps in place policy changes instituted after the complaint was filed . The school must report on its progress to the Office of Civil Rights until May 2014 . Yale announces new steps amid federal sexual harassment probe Yale has agreed to address the "  immediate concerns and put systems in place to help prevent future Title IX discrimination , " Ali said , referring to the federal gender-equity law . The university "  fully cooperated " with the investigation and did n't wait until its completion to initiate policy changes , she added . Those measures include increased training and staff dedicated to responding to and preventing sexual harassment and violence . The university said in a statement Friday that it was "  pleased ... with the terms of our voluntary agreement . " "  Yale has sought to engage the entire community to combat sexual misconduct in a transparent , consistent , and comprehensive manner , " the statement said . "  Prior to the filing of the Title IX complaint , the university had begun implementing its University-Wide Committee on Sexual Misconduct ... to address complaints of sexual misconduct . " The New Haven , Connecticut-based school is not the only university recently investigated by the federal government over its policies regarding sexual harassment and violence . Last year , the Department of Education reached a similar settlement with Notre Dame University after investigating "  student-on-student sexual harassment " which included sexual violence . A student at nearby St. Mary 's College "  committed suicide after reporting that she was sexually assaulted by another student , " according to the department 's release . Between 2008 and 2011 , the department 's Office for Civil Rights reported a 78 % increase in sexual harassment complaints . Slain Yale student 's family sues , says school failed to protect women	Government says Yale "  largely under-reported " allegations of sexual harassment 16 students filed a formal complaint that helped spawn the federal investigation Yale has initiated policy changes as a result of the complaint and investigation
When the first Triple E Class cargo vessel sails out of the Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering yard in Okpo , South Korea , on July 2 , an intriguing new age of container shipping will commence . Roughly a quarter of a mile long , as tall as a 20-story building and built from enough steel to construct eight Eiffel Towers , the giant vessel will become the largest operating ship on the ocean -- although the first official voyage is not until July 15 . Hosting a record-breaking capacity of 18,000 TEU  20-foot equivalent units  containers the Triple E has enough room for 11 % more cargo than the world 's current largest freight ship , the 16,020 TEU Marco Polo operated by French firm CMA CGM . To put these figures into perspective , 18,000 TEU containers provide enough space to transport 111 million pairs of sneakers . If stacked one atop the other , they would reach a staggering 47 kilometers into the sky . For Maersk , the Danish shipping firm which has 20 of these seafaring behemoths on order at a cost of $ 190 million each , the Triple E is more than just the next stage in the battle to be the ocean 's biggest beast . It 's also a vital component of a carefully considered strategy that aims to see the company facilitate long-term trade along the bustling AE10 shipping route between Asia and Europe as well as reduce its carbon footprint . See also : 8 spectacular infrastructure projects But with the OECD , IMF and European Commission all expecting European GDP to contract in the near term , will such a cargo-capable fleet -- that is already too big for the Panama Canal and most American ports -- still be necessary in the years to come ? We asked Maersk COO Morten H. Engelstoft to explain the thinking behind the Triple E and whether its colossal scale could provide a key market edge or end up counting against it . CNN : Why did Maersk decide to build the Triple E ? Morten H. Engelstoft  ME  : I think there is a clue in the name . The first E stands for economy of scale and this refers to the number of containers we can move in one go . The second E is energy efficiency . We expect the Triple E to reduce fuel consumed by approximately 20 % compared to the most fuel-efficient vessel in our fleet today . And the third E is environment . By reducing fuel consumption it will also reduce our CO2 emissions by 20 % . CNN : You talk about the environment but Maersk will also save a lot of money on fuel . ME : Absolutely -- fuel is the single largest operational expense we have , somewhere between $ 5 billion and $ 6 billion this year . We want to focus on reducing fuel because it is to a large extent within our own control . Our whole behavior is focused on reducing our fuel consumption . If we compare the Triple E with the normal 13,100  TEU  vessel in the industry in terms of fuel consumption , the Triple E will be 35 % more fuel efficient . Therefore , these vessels will help us be more competitive . CNN : How much of a challenge was it to oversee and put together a mammoth ship like this ? ME : Clearly it 's a big project where we have made a very big technological leap . We have spent a lot of time preparing the vessel , in designing the vessel and building the vessel with the yards . I 'd say the most challenging aspect of a project like this is to find out how do you really get to the most optimized ships . See also : Could drones replace highways ? If we had decided to make the vessel even bigger then we would have been able to reduce the fuel consumption per unit transported even further , but that would have added complexity . Similarly we have capped the top speed of the vessel at 23 knots . Capping the top speed reduces fuel consumption . We could have decided to cap the top speed at 21 knots . But we decided to have the flexibility that would allow us to go faster if we are late , for whatever reason , in order to catch up with our schedule and reduce the impact of incurring potential extra costs further down the voyage . CNN : Is the Triple E a risk given the current financial uncertainty in Europe ? ME : It is clear that the world economy and certainly the economy in Europe is suffering from low growth . Therefore , as the Triple E will operate in the trade area from Asia to Europe , we will watch the market growth very carefully . What we have said is that we want to grow with the market -- we do not want to grow more than the markets . If the slow growth and weak economies continue then we will look to move other capacity from that trade line so that the capacity we deploy will be in line with the growth in the markets . CNN : Is it not a drawback that the Triple E will only be able to dock in a small number of ports initially because of its size ? ME : It was always the plan from the outset that these vessels would be deployed in the Asia to Europe trade lane . First of all this is the biggest trade route for us , so it makes sense that we deploy the biggest vessels where we have the most cargo . Also , we have to take into account the terminals and port capabilities . The places that have facilities that can handle vessels of this size are indeed in Asia and in Europe . We have worked with the trade terminals early on to ensure they are ready . I would also expect in time that we will see more terminals being able to handle the vessels . See also : Could Danube be Romania 's ` blue motorway ? ' One interesting thing is that the Triple E is able to carry 2,500 more containers than our current biggest ships , the E class vessels , but is only three meters longer and three meters wider . This means that these vessels do not really require much more capability requirements from the terminal compared to the already existing largest vessels in the world . CNN : Is there a certain prestige with having the world 's biggest ship ? ME : It 's actually not the most important thing for us . We used to have the biggest vessels in the world with the E Class but now currently another company has introduced a bigger vessel . I actually think the way most carriers look at it is how optimized are these vessels . If we had built them even bigger it might not have given us additional cost advantages . For us it is much more important to have vessels that optimize cost efficiency rather than something that is the largest in the world . CNN : Will there be an even bigger ship in the coming years ? ME : We are not thinking about it and I actually think an even bigger vessel may become problematic at least in the near future . I think we have reached a point where it will become more difficult . From an infrastructure point of view , the Triple E 's ca n't call at all the ports in the world . A longer vessel will make it more difficult to maneuver in the ports that we are looking at . I 'd say there has been a tendency that vessels have been built bigger and more energy efficient as years have gone by but I do n't think we will see container vessels becoming any larger for quite a long time .	The Triple E Class container vessel will be the world 's biggest operating ship Maersk has ordered 20 Triple Es at a cost of $ 190 million each The Danish shipping giant will take delivery of the first vessel on July 2
CNN  -- Go to Amazon.com and the link is right there at the top , nestled between "  Gift Cards " and "  Help . " Chances are , you have n't noticed it in your frenzy to find the perfect potato peeler . But if you click it , a whole different world of Amazon opens up , one where stuff flows away from you rather than to you . That link reads "  Sell . " Last year , about a billion items sold on Amazon were n't sold by Amazon itself but by other sellers who make their merchandise available on the site . One of them is Bernie Thompson , a former Microsoft engineer who worked to ensure the Windows operating system played nicely with USB , the standard means of connecting peripherals to PCs and laptops . Thompson now runs his own business , Plugable Technologies , which makes a variety of USB and Bluetooth hardware , from charging stations to docks that connect tablets to desktop monitors . With fewer than 100 employees , the company is n't huge . But Thompson has no trouble running a truly global business . In 2006 , Amazon launched a service that allowed U.S. sellers to use its network of warehouses to ship their goods . More recently , Jeff Bezos and company have rolled out the Fulfillment by Amazon program globally , enabling entrepreneurs like Thompson to move goods through fulfillment centers in other parts of the world . "  It really changes the paradigm when you 're able to ship the goods in bulk to a warehouse in Europe or Japan and have those goods be fulfilled in one day or two days , " Thompson says . Why are we so fat ? The multimillion-dollar scientific quest to find out While not all merchants are thrilled with their experience selling on Amazon , the company 's logistical network has enormous reach and breadth . A guy like Thompson can click that "  sell " link and -- without much time or effort -- get his hardware nearly anywhere in the world . In effect , he becomes a "  micro-exporter . " Amazon 's global selling program , which has evolved along with the rest of its international footprint in recent years , works much like its domestic counterpart in the United States . Merchants can use the site to make their inventory available to purchase anywhere Amazon sells . But the real power of the system does n't come into play until merchants also opt to use Amazon to fulfill and ship its orders , as Thompson does . Merchants in the United States who want to expand globally can list their products in Amazon 's nine international Amazon marketplaces -- the United Kingdom , Germany , France , Italy , Spain , India , China , Japan , and Canada . As they do domestically , sellers can export their goods in bulk to Amazon warehouses in those hubs . From those , Amazon says it ships goods to about 180 countries around the world . "  The small seller suddenly has access to the global marketplace , " says Tom Taylor , Amazon 's vice president of seller services . Taylor says the power of global selling and shipping is huge . Goods from sellers targeting only U.S. consumers can be seen by about 100 million potential customers . Expand that reach globally and the number of potential customers grows to 250 million . And it 's not just U.S. merchants selling globally . Taylor says sellers from 89 countries use Fulfillment by Amazon to sell goods to U.S. customers . But the advantages Amazon gains by enabling micro-exports extend beyond the fees charged for its services . As Taylor puts it , a global network of small sellers can be incredibly nimble in response to shifts in demand around the world . Sellers can move their inventory from one hub to another according to their perceptions of where demand is greatest . Unexpected shooting targets used by the world 's armies The result is a global agility for Amazon without the need to pull levers itself . An army of sellers becomes deputized to build out the long tail of global retail . "  We often can see patterns in what they 're doing faster than what we see in our own business , " Taylor says . For Thompson , the ability to send bulk inventory to cross-border hubs saves money compared to shipping individual packages overseas , an approach he says is less error-prone than shipping piecemeal . "  We basically get the leverage , the huge scale that Amazon has in negotiating with shipping partners , " he says . Outsourcing everything from taking and shipping orders to converting currencies , accepting payments , and handling taxes lets Plugable focus on customer service , which Thompson calls a key way to set itself apart in the crowded gadget market . Turnkey global selling and shipping also lets Plugable take the temperature of truly global demand before committing to any inventory at all . Thompson runs ideas for new products through Kickstarter , which not only allows Plugable to see what consumers want but where in the world demand is strongest . If the Kickstarter campaign succeeds , he says , he divides up the inventory of new products rolling off the assembly line according to relative demand in different parts of the globe . Instead of sending individual orders all over the world , Plugable ships in bulk to the international hubs where Amazon has facilities . From those locations , most of the world opens up to Thompson and his business -- a scale he says his business needs in order to make it . "  They 're very cool products and very cool technologies , but they 're a bit niche-y , " Thompson says of his USB lines . "  If you were selling on just local channels , there 's not enough of a market to justify the costs . " Read more from WIRED : What 's inside Sriracha that makes it so delicious ? Someone reinvented the butter knife and it is amazing Yikes ! These 3-D printed skeleton keys can pick almost any lock Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	In 2013 , Amazon sold 1 billion items from small businesses Platform lets entrepreneurs become "  micro-exporters " Amazon says sellers can reach 250 million potential customers globally
EW.com  -- We have n't seen much of the new movie "  The Necessary Death of Charlie Countryman , " which premieres at Sundance this week  $ " not even the trailer is out . But we do know that it takes place in Romania and tells the story of a young man  Charlie Countryman , played by Shia LaBeouf  , who falls for a Romanian girl  played by Evan Rachel Wood  . The girl , however , is already spoken for by a vicious Romanian mob boss , hence the title 's prophecy . Wood compares the film to 1993 Quentin Tarantino-penned romantic crime thriller "  True Romance . " "  It has a vibe of True Romance . It 's a passionate , tender love story surrounded by chaos , violence , and crime , " she says . And , like "  True Romance , " it also has moments of humor . Wood said Rupert Grint 's part in the film helps the actor shed his "  Harry Potter " stigma and added a lightness to the dark movie . "  Rupert Grint is amazing in this film . It was such a brilliant idea to cast him . It 's hilarious . " Special coverage : Sundance Film Festival LaBeouf , who has a reputation of going the distance for roles , like drinking moonshine to learn about his character in last year 's "  Lawless , " reportedly took acid for a scene in which Charlie Countryman sees his dead mother while in a drug-induced state . LaBeouf would n't comment on the report , but did say there is n't much he would n't do for a role . "  As long as I am challenged and somewhat terrified , I am attracted to the project , " LaBeouf told EW via email . Wood says she was excited to work with her co-star , noting that he comes onto set "  like a hurricane . " "  It 's refreshing to work with an actor who 's willing to throw himself so deeply into the role , into the project . " Sundance Film Festival 's must-see movies Both actors were enamored with the film 's setting , shooting for six weeks in Bucharest , Romania . While LaBeouf 's character is an American who travels to Romania , Wood had to adopt the accent , with the help of a dialect coach . "  I really tried to listen to the locals , " she says of the accent . "  Kids would hear me do a scene and come up to me and start speaking Romanian to me and I would n't understand . They thought I was playing a game with them , " she said . "  Romania was amazing , " LeBeouf added . "  It really is a character in the movie and brings an authenticity to the film and helps the audience to escape into the world that our characters are living in . " Wood , who recently announced that she and husband Jamie Bell are expecting their first child , is known for her daring roles , starting with 2003 $  s controversial film "  Thirteen " and running throughout her career , including last year 's HBO film "  Mildred Pierce . " But Wood insists motherhood wo n't change her choices . "  I think I 'll still take whatever roles inspire me , whether they be daring or not . I think I want to keep being me . " The Sundance Film Festival runs January 17-24 in Park City , Utah . "  The Necessary Death of Charlie Countryman " is also entered in competition at the Berlin Film Festival . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The trailer is n't even out yet for LaBeouf and Wood 's film The pair fell in love with Bucharest , Romania where they filmed The Sundance Film Festival runs January 17-24 in Park City , Utah
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- At least 112 bodies have been recovered after a packed ferry capsized in Bangladesh , police said Wednesday . At least 35 survivors have been rescued , said local police chief Shahabuddin Khan , who is supervising the rescue operation . Khan could not say how many people were on the ferry when it sank early Tuesday in southern Bangladesh . The MV Shariatpur-1 sank in the Meghna River after colliding with a cargo ferry while passengers slept , a survivor said . "  We were seven in a cabin in the ferry , and six of my family members are still missing , " Mohammad Dulal Dewan told CNN Tuesday . "  Everything happened before I could understand anything . " The 55-year-old survivor said he "  jumped into the river and was rescued by people in another passing ferry . " Dewan and his family were traveling to Dhaka , Bangladesh 's capital , to see his brother-in-law off to the United States . Shamim Fakir was scheduled to fly on his U.S. trip early Wednesday , Dewan said . He was still missing Tuesday evening . Khan , the police chief , said Tuesday that divers from the Bangladesh navy and the Fire Service and Civil Defence took part in the operation alongside police and the Bangladesh Inland Water Transport Authority . About 30 people were initially rescued after the ferry collided with the cargo boat on the river in Munshiganj district , about 25 miles  40 kilometers  south of Dhaka . The ferry was traveling to the nation 's capital from Shariatpur district . Ferry accidents are common on Bangladesh 's vast river network . Hundreds of people die in such accidents every year as the operators often ignore rules . Nearly 4,000 people are estimated to have lost their lives in ferry accidents since 1977 .	At least 112 bodies have been recovered , the police chief in charge of the rescue says The police chief can not say how many people were on board the ferry A survivor says six of his family members are still missing Ferry accidents are common in Bangladesh
NIAGARA FALLS , New York  CNN  -- Thirty years ago this summer , America learned the name Love Canal . The working-class Niagara Falls neighborhood built atop tons of chemical waste became a synonym for environmental disaster . Lois Gibbs , who runs an environmental justice group , shows a photo of children from Love Canal protesting . Troubles at the local elementary school -- and health problems among its students , such as seizure disorders -- were among the first signs of a much larger problem that made news around the world and prompted federal Superfund legislation to clean up the most polluted sites in the United States . Despite the outcry over Love Canal , little has been done to make schoolchildren safer from hazardous or toxic waste , says Lois Gibbs , who headed the Love Canal Homeowners Association and now runs the Center for Health , Environment & Justice . "  We should be farther along today than we are , " said Gibbs , who started the nonprofit a year after her evacuation from Love Canal . The organization is dedicated to helping communities facing environmental threats . A 2005 study by the Center for Health , Environment & Justice looking at just four states -- Massachusetts , New York , New Jersey and Michigan -- found half a million children attending schools within half a mile of known toxic dumps . Gibbs points to New Bedford High School in Massachusetts as an example of children at risk . New Bedford High opened in 1972 on top of a former burn dump for PCBs , an industrial chemical linked to cancer and brain damage . PCB levels in the body build over time , raising health risks . "  Like a lot of teachers there now , I figured , how bad could it be ? I was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 , " said former New Bedford teacher Susan Dias , who is now cancer-free . She is returning to the classroom this fall but will not go back to New Bedford High . Former teacher Maria Quann also says New Bedford High made her ill . "  I became very , very sick . My immune system shut down . I collapsed and was bedridden for several months , " Quann said . Her health improved after she left the high school , she says , and she has now retired . Maureen Woolley , who worked in the cafeteria , says she compiled a list of 25 school employees who died of cancer . Three classrooms were closed last year because of high PCB levels , but the school has been scrubbed and a new ventilation system added . The rooms are expected to be open this fall . There have been no reports of students at the high school becoming sick as a result of the toxic waste . "  I would n't have kids in the school if I did n't think it was safe . I would close the school , " said Mayor Scott Lang , whose two sons attended New Bedford High . PCB levels inside the school now fall within federal guidelines , he says . Despite results of ongoing air-quality testing , teacher David Greene remains skeptical . "  I do think there are areas of that school that continue to be dangerous , " he said . Only seven states have laws preventing cities and towns from building schools on or near toxic waste , according to the Center for Health Environment and Justice . They are Massachusetts , Rhode Island , California , Florida , Kentucky , Mississippi and Utah . "  You can go most anyplace and build -LSB- a school -RSB- on top of a Superfund site , " Gibbs said . "  They can build a school anywhere they want , really . And that 's the sad truth . I think at schools , very little has changed , and that 's unfortunate . " Even in states with laws , many are weak or poorly enforced , she says . In Massachusetts , state law prevents schools only from being built close to active waste dumps , which would not have prevented New Bedford High 's construction three decades ago on a former dump site . In Niagara Falls , Gibbs ' home was built three blocks from 20,000 tons of industrial waste placed in barrels and buried in a mile-long ditch by a plastics and chemical maker . The 99th Street Elementary was built on top of the dump . Gibbs , married with two young children at the time , recalls elementary school students playing with ooze bubbling up on the playground . "  The children would actually pick up these chemicals and handle them , " Gibbs said . "  So , for example , one of these things was phosphorous rocks . Phosphorous rocks were little pieces of chemical residue that would bubble up to the surface . The children would pick up these phosphorous rocks , and when you threw them at a hard surface , they would explode like a firecracker . " Some children were badly burned by the phosphorous , she adds . Gibbs says neighborhood children also played with the chemical Lindane , a pollutant associated with skin irritation , nausea , convulsions -- even death . "  I have a high school education . I do n't have a science degree , but you do n't have to be a scientist to know that 20,000 tons of chemicals and kindergartners do n't mix , " Gibbs said .	Few states have laws preventing towns from building schools on or near toxic waste Even in states with laws , many are weak or poorly enforced , group says Love Canal is a Niagara Falls neighborhood built atop tons of chemical waste
CNN  -- Cuban President Raul Castro 's daughter joined Twitter to set the record straight about an interview she did abroad , but ended up arguing with one of the communist island 's prominent dissidents online . Mariela Castro Espin wrote on her Twitter account , @CastroEspinM , that she recently made a trip to Amsterdam , the Netherlands , and toured the city 's infamous red light district in her role as director for Cuba 's National Center for Sexual Education . An interview with Radio Netherlands characterized Castro Espin as "  impressed " with the way the Dutch organize their prostitution . But on Twitter , Castro Espin said the conversation was taken out of context and that she would use social media to clarify her position . "  Without a doubt , there have been misunderstandings , manipulations , as always . At least there is the Web ... and WikiLeaks , " she wrote on Twitter . Shortly afterward , Castro Espin was "  welcomed " to the social networking site by Cuban dissident Yoani Sanchez , an outspoken critic of the Castro regime and avid Twitter user . "  Welcome to the plurality of Twitter , " Sanchez tweeted to Castro Espin . "  Here no one can shut me up , or deny me permission to travel or block my entry . " Castro Espin shot back : "  Your focus on tolerance reproduces the old mechanisms of power . To improve your ` services ' you need to study . " While there is long-running animosity between dissidents and the government , it is not common for the two sides to exchange barbs in such a public forum . A bevy of critical replies to Castro Espin must have followed , for then she wrote on Twitter : "  Despicable parasites : Did you receive the order from your employers to respond in unison and with the same predetermined script ? Be creative . " In Cuba , where Internet access is limited or prohibitively expensive , many citizens use Twitter as a form of communicating , as Tweets can be posted from a simple text message . Castro Espin is the niece of Fidel Castro . Her father , Raul Castro , assumed presidential duties from Fidel in 2006 , and became president in 2008 . Castro Espin 's organization promotes gay rights in Cuba . That fight for equal rights in Cuba led Sanchez to ask another question of Castro Espin on Twitter : "  How can you ask for acceptance just for one issue ? Is tolerance universal or not ? " Castro Espin did not answer .	Raul Castro 's daughter joined Twitter to discuss a recent trip Instead , she locked horns with a Cuban dissident Mariela Castro Espin lashes out at anti-government critics
Mountain View , United States  CNN  -- Google "  Marissa Mayer " and the first key words that come up are "  net worth " and "  salary " -- terms that reflect her fame as one of the world 's most powerful women . Mayer joined internet giant Google as a 24-year-old in 1999 ; one of the company 's first 20 hires and its first female engineer . In 2010 , she moved from heading up Search Products and User Experience to become VP of Local , Maps and Localization Services , the company 's next key growth area . Mayer prides herself on being able to pick trends , both on and offline . "  Back in about 2003 , I correctly called cupcakes as a major trend . It was a business prediction , but it 's been widely interpreted as -LSB- that -RSB- I just like them .  Truth is , there 's other sweets I like far more , like vanilla fudge  . " She says the science of search engines -- information retrieval -- is still in its infancy . "  It 's like physics in the 1600s or biology in the 1800s . There 's big breakthroughs all the time . Now you can find photos in addition to web pages , books in addition to photos . Now it 's personalized . They 're the kinds of breakthroughs that happen early in the science . " Not only is the quantity of information in the world increasing -- by Mayer 's last count , there are now 582 million websites , up from 10 in 1991 , the year the internet was made public -- but the forms that information takes is also multiplying . Search capabilities must grow and adapt in tandem with the new forms of media we use . Video has been the latest format to proliferate online , and Mayer predicts the next push will be into new search modes and personalization . Voice searching , which did n't exist a few years ago , now comprises almost 25 % of the searches done on Android devices . As of June last year , Google experiences more Google Maps traffic on mobile than on desktop . One of Google 's newest products , launched in November , brings mapping technology indoors . "  Now , in some of the ` big-box retailers , ' or inside of malls or office buildings , we actually have the internal layout , and we actually can put the blue dot in the right spot . So if you 're looking for a conference room or a particular department in an Ikea , you can see ` Oh , I 'm here . ' " After graduating in 1999 with a Masters in Computer Science from Stanford University , Mayer received 14 job offers . She chose to work at Google during a spring break period in which , she says , she made all the decisions she is most proud of . "  Those decisions all had two things in common : I always surrounded myself with the smartest people I could find , because they make you think about things harder . "  And I always did something I was a little not ready to do . I think that 's how you grow . When there 's that moment of ` Wow , I 'm not really sure I can do this , ' and you push through those moments , that 's when you have a breakthrough . Sometimes that 's a sign that something really good is about to happen . You 're about to grow and learn a lot about yourself . " In order to push yourself out of your comfort zone , though , Mayer recommends you first find an environment that 's comfortable . "  I 'm a really shy person , yet at Google , my colleagues would never believe that ; because here , I 'm outspoken , because I feel like I can express my opinions and find my voice . " Besides nurturing self belief , Mayer says it 's also important to work for people who believe in you . She advises seeking out mentors "  who are n't just looking at what they can get from you in order to advance the company , but are also investing in you and what you 're going to be doing in 10 years and preparing you for that next step . " More from Leading Women : Women ! Embrace your inner geek A proud "  geek , " for whom the word just means "  for an area that you 're passionate about , all the details matter , " Mayer worries that stereotypes about computer scientists might hinder women from working in technology . "  There is such a stereotype of the hacker ; the pasty-skinned guy with the thick glasses , the pocket protector , the blue glow coming off of the monitor ... people think if they 're going to be good at this , that 's what they need to be . You can be good at technology and like fashion and art . You can be good at technology and be a jock . You can be good at technology and be a mom . You can do it your way , on your terms . " Ultimately , being a geek can triumph over gender . "  I 'm not a woman at Google , I 'm a geek at Google , " Mayer says . "  If you can find something that you 're really passionate about , whether you 're a man or a woman comes a lot less into play . Passion is a gender-neutralizing force . "	Marissa Mayer was Google 's first female engineer and one of its first 20 hires She now oversees the company 's push into maps and localization Her advice : Work somewhere you feel comfortable , then get out of your comfort zone
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will join what is perhaps America 's most exclusive club , peppered with names such as Washington , Jefferson , Lincoln and Roosevelt , when he delivers his second inaugural address on Monday . By the numbers : Presidential inaugurations Sixteen of his 43 predecessors , including five of the nation 's first seven presidents , gave more than one inauguration speech , topped by the unprecedented four by Franklin Delano Roosevelt . While inaugurations celebrate American democracy through the peaceful transition or extension of power at a ceremony full of pageantry and color , a second inaugural address tends to feel like many second weddings -- important , for sure , but lacking some of the nervous anticipation of the first one . That could be especially true for Obama , whose historic ascendancy to the White House four years ago as the nation 's first African-American president defined a new political era . "  On this day , we gather because we have chosen hope over fear , unity of purpose over conflict and discord , " he told a frigid crowd estimated at a record 1.8 million people that stretched the length of the National Mall on January 20 , 2009 . Much of Washington rejoiced that day and night , with 10 official inaugural balls and scores of unofficial ones epitomizing the grandeur of the moment . The great reset : Will Obama 's second inauguration let America turn the page ? Now Obama is a weathered incumbent . His hair is graying at age 51 from a first term of tribulations , including an inherited recession , the end of one war and the winding down of another , and constant political brinksmanship with Congress over budgets and spending . His declaration at his first inauguration of an end to "  the petty grievances and false promises , the recriminations and worn-out dogmas that for far too long have strangled our politics " proved unfounded . GOP opponents threaten default and government shutdown over upcoming debt ceiling and funding deadlines . Obama also faces a political showdown over his gun control proposals -- one of Washington 's most intractable issues -- in the wake of last month 's school massacre that killed 20 first-graders in Newtown , Connecticut . House GOP discussing short-term increase in debt ceiling Obama-backed gun bills considered a long shot in Congress Whether he will explicitly cite such challenges in his second inaugural address was unclear . Asked about Obama 's preparations , White House spokesman Jay Carney on Thursday would only offer that the president was "  very appreciative of the fact that the American people have given him this opportunity to deliver a second inaugural address . " "  He takes very seriously speeches of this kind , and he 's very engaged in the process , " Carney added , noting that Obama wrote initial drafts of speeches in longhand on yellow pads . "  I 've seen some yellow pads of late with writing . " History provides little guidance on what to expect Monday . While themes of unifying the country and seeking God 's blessings are common to most inaugural addresses , second efforts have come in varied lengths and styles . Ulysses S. Grant concluded his second inaugural address with a claim of vindication . He noted that his role as Union military leader and president subjected him to "  abuse and slander scarcely ever equaled in political history , which today I feel that I can afford to disregard in view of your verdict " of re-election . Some two-term presidents focused their second speeches on particular challenges at hand , such as Abraham Lincoln 's highly regarded address in the final days of the Civil War in 1865 , shortly before his assassination . Ryan to attend Obama 's inauguration "  With malice toward none ; with charity for all ; with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right , let us strive on to finish the work we are in ; to bind up the nation 's wounds ; to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan , to do all which may achieve and cherish a just , and lasting peace , among ourselves , and with all nations , " Lincoln said to conclude the speech of 697 words , a fraction of the 3,610 in his first inaugural address . He had acknowledged that difference to begin his remarks , saying : "  At this second appearing to take the oath of the presidential office there is less occasion for an extended address than there was at the first . " Share your inauguration photos on iReport In a passage that would seem to fit Obama also , Lincoln noted that "  at the expiration of four years , during which public declarations have been constantly called forth on every point and phase of the great contest which still absorbs the attention and engrosses the energies of the nation , little that is new could be presented . " Three score and 12 years earlier , George Washington set the standard for a shortened second inaugural speech . He limited it to 135 words , compared with the 1,428 he spoke when he became the nation 's first president . Roosevelt 's fourth and final inaugural address , in 1945 , also was his shortest , historian Doris Kearns Goodwin told CNN . Dual inauguration ceremonies honor tradition and law "  It was a five-minute speech , and he needed to fortify himself with whiskey in order to get through the pain that he was feeling " from the heart failure that would kill him months later , she said , noting Roosevelt also canceled the traditional inaugural parade that year . "  In the middle of a war , why are we going to have a parade , who 's going to parade ? " she said Roosevelt had asked . "  Normally you have military people parading , and they were in the war itself . " More recently , the trend has been to talk longer the second time around , as demonstrated by both Bill Clinton and George W. Bush . While only Obama knows if he will scale back his speech from the 2,395 words of four years ago , other inaugural staples are being reduced this time . There will be two official inaugural balls , eight fewer than in 2009 . Because January 20 -- Inauguration Day -- falls on a Sunday this year , the official swearing-in will occur at the White House , attended by the president 's family . Monday will be the public ceremony , with Obama to be sworn in again by Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts at the U.S. Capitol , followed by the president 's speech and then the parade up Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House . A crowd of 800,000 , smaller than last time , is expected . Beyonce to perform for inauguration Obama taps Latino poet for inauguration Chief justice to get another go at oath Inauguration brings different kind of gridlock CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Sixteen other presidents have made more than one inaugural address History offers little guidance on what to expect the second time around Washington and Lincoln spoke shorter , Clinton and George W. Bush longer the second time Franklin Roosevelt gave an unprecedented four inaugural speeches
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy aircraft carrier resupplied a crippled cruise ship that is slowly being towed to San Diego , California , officials said Tuesday evening . The USS Ronald Reagan received 60,000 pounds of food , bottled water and supplies by airlift for the cruise ship Carnival Splendor , with its nearly 3,300 passengers and nearly 1,200 crew members , Cmdr. Greg Hicks , spokesman of the U.S. Third Fleet , said . The Carnival Splendor was stranded some 130 miles west of Ensenada , Mexico , earlier Tuesday , a day after it lost power following an engine-room fire , Carnival Cruise Lines said in a statement . The ship and USS Ronald Reagan were about 150 miles south of San Diego Tuesday evening , Hicks said . The vessel is expected to arrive in San Diego late Thursday , said Carnival spokeswoman Joyce Oliva . The Reagan reached Carnival Splendor late Tuesday morning and supply deliveries were made by helicopter throughout the afternoon . Any supplies not delivered by sunset Tuesday were to be made Wednesday . "  It 's gone very well so far , " Hicks said . Sailors stood on the deck of the USS Ronald Reagan in 50-yard lines , handing off boxes of water , frozen bread , sandwich meats , granola bars , paper plates and more for the Splendor . "  We were on maneuvers necessary to get the crew ready for deployment , " Lt. Cmdr. Kate Meadows told a CNN reporter on the carrier . "  But we were more than happy to respond and excited to be a part of helping the cruise ship . " Sailors who have been in contact with Splendor 's passenger and crews reported no major problems , Meadows said . At least six sailors spent the night on the ship . The provisions were made available by Carnival Cruise Lines . One tugboat "  is in process of tow , " Coast Guard Petty Officer Rachel Polish told CNN . Another tug is en route and will speed the slow process , she said . Carnival said it is making hotel and flight arrangements for guests once they reach port . It 's possible the Splendor would be diverted to Ensenada if it can not maintain sufficient speed under tow , according to a statement . The fire occurred about 6 a.m. Monday in the aft engine room of the Splendor , the cruise line said Tuesday in a statement posted on its website . The blaze was extinguished and no passengers or crew were injured . Oliva did not know the cause of the fire or when repairs might be completed once the ship is back in port . Officials said no passengers were evacuated from the ship for medical or any other reasons . Engineers were not able to restore power to the ship , which was operating on auxiliary generators , a Carnival statement said . As of Tuesday , "  several key hotel systems , including air conditioning , hot food service and telephones are not available , " the cruise line said . Engineers were able to restore toilet service to most cabins and all common-area bathrooms , as well as cold running water , the line said . "  The ship 's crew continues to actively work to restore other services . " Guests are able to move about the vessel and children 's activities and entertainment are being offered , Carnival said . Announcements advising guests of the situation began early Monday , the cruise line said . Guests initially were asked to move from their cabins to the open upper deck areas of the ship , but later were given access to their cabins and were able to move about the ship , Carnival said . Bottled water and cold food items were being provided . The voyage -- a seven-day cruise along the Mexican coast that departed Sunday from Long Beach , California -- was terminated , Carnival said . Carnival also has canceled a seven-day cruise that was to leave November 14 from Long Beach , California , the company said . At the request of the Coast Guard in San Diego , the Navy diverted the Ronald Reagan from training maneuvers . Thirty-five pallets of supplies were delivered to the aircraft carrier from a nearby Naval air station , officials said . Guests will receive a full refund and reimbursement for transportation costs , and will also receive a complimentary future cruise equal to the amount they paid for this voyage , Carnival said . "  We know this has been an extremely trying situation for our guests and we sincerely thank them for their patience , " Gerry Cahill , president and CEO of Carnival Cruise Lines , said . "  Conditions on board the ship are very challenging and we sincerely apologize for the discomfort and inconvenience our guests are currently enduring . The safety of our passengers and crew is our top priority and we are working to get our guests home as quickly as possible . " The ship 's normal itinerary included stops in Puerto Vallarta , Mazatlan and Cabo San Lucas , Mexico . The 952-foot Panamanian-flagged ship is carrying 3,299 guests and 1,167 crew members , according to the cruise line and the Coast Guard . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Carnival Splendor resupplied , under tow Toilet service and cold water are restored aboard the ship The vessel lost power after a fire Monday The 7-day cruise departed from Long Beach , California
Wisbech  CNN  -- Chatting casually over a pot of tea in the sleepy village of Wisbech , Cambridgeshire , Nick Leeson remarks on his time spent in a maximum security prison in Germany in 1995 : "  That was the one time I contemplated suicide . " Thrown in with Yugoslav gunrunners , Bolivian drug lords and sex offenders , "  I would n't have been able to do it myself though , " Leeson added , stirring in the milk . "  But there were these two Italian boys . One of them was an ice cream vendor , Luigi , and another well-dressed man , Salvatore . They were connected . " Leeson began sipping his tea , and suddenly laughed at how his story sounded like an episode from Italian mafia drama The Sopranos . Leeson , once considered the whiz kid of the Asian derivative markets before his bad trades on Japanese stocks collapsed UK merchant bank Barings , was thinking of doing a final deal : One with his own life . "  It would have cost me  # 10,000  $ 15,268  I think , " he said , struggling to remember , as if the detail is minor . "  I presumed it would happen in the showers one day , someone would just knife me . " From Watford to a Singapore prison As the Watford-born Leeson sat regaling the most definitive time of his life , the anthem from Les Miserables "  I dreamed a dream , " played on loop at the Rose & Crown Hotel , which is owned by his uncle-in-law . Leeson was due to give a speech for charity in the hotel that evening . It provided an eerily fitting soundtrack to his tale . The lyrics "  I was young and unafraid , and dreams were made and used and wasted " resonate with Leeson 's life . He went from high-flying trader to convicted fraudster , spending three and a half years in a gang-ridden Singapore prison . He has now joined GDP Partnership , an Irish restructuring firm . At the Rose & Crown , the couple on the next table appear unaware they are seated next to one of the 20th century 's most infamous financial convicts . They 're chatting about the hotel 's renovations while Leeson is calculating the cost of his trades . "  The press were saying I could spend up to 84 years in prison , " he said , offering me sugar . "  You do n't have to be an MIT mathematician to work out I was gon na be dead . " "  I spoke to my wife and father about it -LSB- suicide -RSB- , " he said , explaining that they would have to negotiate the assisted suicide on his behalf from outside prison . "  Obviously they cried but you have to deal with the reality of situation . " Surviving jail , divorce and cancer Almost 20 years on and having weathered incarceration , divorce and colon cancer , the man dubbed the "  original rogue trader " now makes his money on the after-dinner speaking circuit ; a far cry from his lucrative days earning $ 76,000 a year with bonuses of up to $ 228,000 as a trader speculating on Asian financial markets . When asked if he would press a magic button to take it all back , Leeson told CNN : "  There is no such button . " Describing himself as a "  realist , " it may be hard to understand how he could have lost $ 1.3 billion , destroying a 233-year-old bank in the process . It 's even harder to understand why he thought he could hide it away in a secret account known as the "  five eights . " Public perception of him as a symbol of capitalist greed may precede him , but Leeson does n't shirk the responsibility . "  Nobody other than me should be accountable for what went wrong at Barings , " he said . Leeson has no sympathy for rogue traders Jerome Kerviel of Societe Generale and Kweku Adoboli of UBS , who lost $ 6.4 billion and $ 1.8 billion respectively . "  Anything that they 've done and hidden is fraud . " Leeson said abruptly . "  I think it 's a macho culture that 's evolved . When things go wrong , there 's a certain age group that is usually involved ; young men . " After leaving his desk and fleeing with his wife to Kuala Lumpur , Leeson resurfaced days later and was arrested in Frankfurt at the age of 28 . Imprisoned and awaiting deportation to Singapore , Leeson started to reflect and accept responsibility for his actions . "  Prison was tough , " said Leeson , who now found himself mixing with dangerous criminals from the Chinese and Malaysian underworld . "  I was the only white guy in there . " He rattled off details of a typical day of incarceration : "  You 're locked up in a cell for 23 hours a day with two other people . You wake up at 6am in the morning and it 's a hundred degrees outside . You get three books a month . So there 's not much to occupy your mind . " Leeson could still recall the sores on his pelvis , ankles and elbows that he developed from sleeping on the floor . At the time , Leeson said he received messages of support to keep him sane , including nude photographs from air hostesses . "  I never got the naked pictures , I just got the letter , " he joked . "  The Singaporean authorities took the good bit away . " Leeson paused for a moment , before recalling the darkest days of his incarceration . After a strip search and contraband swipe of his cell , he refused an order to return to a cell with two inmates he feared would fight . Leeson was punished , put in solitary confinement for 31 days . "  They would turn the lights on at night and turn them off in the day . There were no windows and there was a hole that they put your food through . " "  I used to walk up and down 780 times in the cell and that was an hour . That 's how I passed time . You start singing to yourself . " Leeson chuckled . That was hard , because he did n't know the words to many songs . After his release from solitary confinement , Leeson was diagnosed with colon cancer . "  I had an emergency operation to remove a tumor in my stomach that was 9cm by 5cm . It was big . " Peering over my notebook , he pointed and added quickly as if to make sure I got the all the detail : "  Oh , and I had six months of chemotherapy in prison . " Leeson was released in 1999 , aged 32 . Broke , and with no job prospects , he returned to the UK , where he continued cancer treatment . Leeson overcame his illness , and set about rebuilding his life . He sold his story for a six-figure sum to the Daily Mail , wrote a book and had a film made about his time at Barings called "  Rogue Trader " starring Ewan McGregor . But "  I 've never seen a penny of it , " he said . Barings ' liquidators had served Leeson with an injunction of  # 100 million and took 50 % of proceeds from his story . "  I asked them ` if I got a job flipping burgers , how much would you want ? ' and they told me "  half . ' " A quiet life in Ireland Now 46 , Leeson lives the quiet life in Galway , Ireland , and it 's difficult to see from his retiring demeanor how he could have destroyed one of the world 's most prestigious institutions . Leeson is philosophical about his past these days : "  I created a success story that everyone at the bank wanted to believe . " He laughed at how absurd that sounds now . Asked if a rogue trader will ever bring down a bank again , Leeson confidently replied : "  No doubt about it . If you ask anyone in the banking industry , they will say ` yes , but it wo n't be me . ' "	Nick Leeson is dubbed the ` original rogue trader ' for bad trades which collapsed Barings Bank Leeson now lives in Ireland and has joined GDP Partnership , an Irish restructuring firm Leeson said his time in a jail , with drug lords and sex offenders , made him consider taking his own life But he survived incarceration and colon cancer and has since rebuilt his life
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A veteran Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputy and his younger partner sat tensely in their car Thursday in the same patrol district where a former LAPD cop -- now on the run , accused in three killings -- used to work . The two deputies were "  on the edge , " they said , monitoring the police radio and the latest news about the rogue ex-cop who has pledged to kill officers in and out of uniform . Their marked cruiser was ensconced beneath soaring concrete columns supporting the light-rail Expo Line . In an off-limits parking spot by a "  Do Not Enter " sign , their car faced passing traffic , and the two officers stood watch , wondering whether Christopher Jordan Dorner would pass their way . "  Everyone is a lot more on edge , " said one of the deputies , a 24-year veteran , who was in uniform with a bulletproof vest and his sidearm . "  We 're just doing a lot more careful observation . "  We 're listening to the news like you . Everyone has got their eyes open , " said the deputy , who asked that his name not be published due to security concerns . "  He 's a scary guy . " His partner , sitting behind the wheel , let the senior deputy do much of the talking , but when he paused to listen to the radio , the six-year deputy chimed in . Timeline in manhunt for former L.A. cop "  We 're just being more observant , " he said , frequently looking toward the morning traffic speeding by the La Cienega Boulevard station . Normally , the two officers would be riding the Expo Line , checking passengers for proof of fare payment . The officers are common fixtures on the new rail line , which opened last year , and walk through the train cars , issuing tickets for passengers who have n't paid their fare . That rail line runs through the heart of the southwest division of the Los Angeles Police Department , the district where Dorner , a former LAPD officer , had been assigned for patrol duty while on the force . Dorner has allegedly written a manifesto pledging "  asymmetrical warfare " on officers in and out of uniform , particularly LAPD officers , but the sheriff 's deputies were taking the threat to include them , too . All 10,000 officers in the LAPD were on "  tac alert " Thursday , including Officers Ryan Lee and John Negrete , who were patrolling the same division where Dorner had worked . Under a tactical alert , all officers are in uniform or available for duty . Also , all motorcycle officers were taken off the street and put in patrol cars Thursday for their own protection , Los Angeles Police said . Suspect 's grudge dates back to 2007 complaint Lee and Negrete did n't mind giving their names to a CNN reporter because they expressed confidence in their department 's numbers . "  We 're maxed deployed , " Lee said , behind the wheel , idling the parked black-and-white . "  I do n't think he 'll bring the fight into L.A. I think he has a better chance with a smaller department . We have so many resources . " It was clear from their manner of speech that all officers were at the ready . "  These types of events band officers and departments together , and I guess his trying to bring the fight to officers , well , he knows better , " added Lee , a 10-year veteran . "  His manifesto to exonerate himself does n't make sense . " Negrete , who 's been on the force for 13 years , expressed hope for a peaceful capture of Dorner . "  I just read bits and pieces of his manifesto and I just hope he 's taken into custody so nobody and no officer gets hurt , " said Negrete . Lee and Negrete did n't have a news radio in the car , so the only way they can get news updates is through Twitter on their cell phones , they said . "  The department holds this stuff close to their vest . I know there 's a lot going on , " Lee said about the manhunt for Dorner . The officers were given some information about Dorner during roll call , and some fellow cops remarked they knew of Dorner but did n't offer much more , Lee and Negrete said . "  For us patrol guys , it 's just get in your car and we 'll call if we need you , " Lee said of the chain of command . The partners were assigned to watch for potential problems at an anti-homophobia campaign in the African-American neighborhood of Leimert Park , at Crenshaw Boulevard and 46th Street . In The Meantime Men 's Group was conducting free HIV testing and passing out condoms on Thursday , which was National Black HIV Awareness Day . Opponents had earlier covered up a billboard sign sponsored by the group that said "  Homophobia , Racism and HIV Ca n't Stop Me , " and the two officers were watching for any trouble . There was none , said the group 's executive director , Jeffrey King . Alleged cop-killer details threats to LAPD , why he was driven to violence Dorner 's alleged rampage was portrayed by authorities as revenge killings for his termination from the LAPD . Dorner was an LAPD officer from 2005 to 2008 , when he was terminated , according to authorities . The former officer claimed in a manifesto attributed to him that he was unfairly fired after reporting excessive force by a fellow officer , and he vowed to avenge his termination . He also served as a former U.S. Navy Reserve lieutenant who worked with river warfare units and a mobile inshore undersea warfare unit , according to Pentagon records obtained by CNN . His last day with the Navy was February 1 . Dorner is a suspect in a double murder Sunday in Irvine , California , authorities said . One victim was the daughter of retired Los Angeles Police Officer Randal Quan , who handled the appeal of Dorner 's termination and , according to the manifesto , bungled it . Dorner appealed the case to a Los Angeles court , where a judge ruled against him in 2011 , according to court records . Multiple law enforcement agencies have linked Dorner , 33 , to the shooting of two Riverside police officers in an ambush at an intersection around 1:30 a.m. Thursday . One officer , 34 , died . About 20 minutes earlier , police believe Dorner shot at two LAPD officers assigned to protect off-duty officers named in Dorner 's manifesto , police said . A bullet grazed one of the officers , and the wound was not life-threatening . Damage to the squad car prevented the officers from pursuing Dorner , police said . That shooting took place in Corona , also located in Riverside County , at 1:25 a.m. Thursday , said Los Angeles police . For a former officer to be a suspected cop killer is beyond imagination for many law enforcement officers , whose culture bonds them so tightly that many can spot another officer out of uniform just by their demeanor and a nod of the head . The two sheriff 's deputies acknowledged this subculture . When asked how alarming it must be for a former officer to be at war with police , the younger deputy expressed acceptance . "  I guess it shows we 're people too , " he said .	Two LAPD cops patrol in the ex-cop 's old beat , saying they "  do n't think he 'll bring the fight into L.A. " All 10,000 LAPD officers are on tactical alert , with one stating : "  We 're maxed deployed " Meanwhile , two patrolling sheriff 's deputies are on edge as ex-cop has pledged to kill police "  He 's a scary guy , " a 24-year veteran deputy says
CNN  -- NATO used attack helicopters for the first time Saturday as part of its military operation aimed at increasing pressure on Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's regime . "  The use of attack helicopters provides the NATO operation with additional flexibility to track and engage pro-Gadhafi forces who deliberately target civilians and attempt to hide in populated areas , " NATO said in a statement . Military vehicles and equipment were among the targets struck by the helicopters . NATO did not disclose where the strikes took place . On Friday , fighting continued in the western town of Yefren , where NATO-allied aircraft destroyed government tanks and personnel carriers , officials said . NATO warplanes belonging to the United Kingdom 's Royal Air Force fired Paveway guided bombs and destroyed two main battle tanks and two armored personnel carriers belonging to Libya 's military , said Maj. Gen. John Lorimer , strategic communication officer for the chief of the defense staff . The airstrikes occurred Thursday , he said . NATO reported that government forces were continuing "  to attack the peoples of the western highlands , " Lorimer said . Meanwhile , rebels claimed to liberate Yefren and the nearby town of Kikla , both of which are about 25 miles east of their stronghold in Zintan , one rebel fighter said . Talhat al-Jiwayli , a rebel on the front lines in Zintan , also said that anti-Gadhafi forces were surrounding the town of al-Rayyana , more than 7 miles northeast of Zintan . Al-Jiwayli added that the situation on the ground was still tense , and the troops of Gadhafi were still firing daily barrages of Grad rockets on Zintan and surrounding villages . In other measures against Gadhafi 's forces Thursday , NATO airstrikes hit four surface-to-air missile launchers near Tripoli ; a tank , two armored personnel carriers and an ammunition storage facility near Mizdah ; more ammunition storage facilities near Hun and Qaryat ; two armored fighting vehicles near Sirte ; and a command and control node in Brega and nearby radar , according to NATO . The latest NATO strikes occurred two days after the alliance announced its decision to extend its mission in Libya by 90 days , continuing a campaign that began in March . The resolution approved by the U.N. Security Council in March authorized member states "  to take all necessary measures to protect civilians under threat of attack in the country , including Benghazi , while excluding a foreign occupation force of any form on any part of Libyan territory . " CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Military vehicles and equipment are among the targets struck Airstrikes hit the western town of Yefren , where rebels claim liberation Western Libya is where rebels and pro-Gadhafi forces are in combat A rebel in nearby stronghold of Zintan claims liberation for Yefren and another town
Mental Floss  -- When Americans sit down with their families for Thanksgiving dinner , most of us will probably gorge ourselves on the same traditional Thanksgiving menu , with turkey , cranberry sauce , stuffing , and pumpkin pie taking up the most real estate on our plates . Pumpkin pie did n't make an appearance at the First Thanksgiving , though pumpkins were probably served . How did these dishes become the national "  what you eat on Thanksgiving " options , though ? Are they holdovers from the First Thanksgiving , or did they gradually sneak in ? The Pilgrims may not have had turkey Turkey may not have been on the menu at the 1621 celebration by the Pilgrims of Plymouth that is widely considered the First Thanksgiving  though fans of Virginia 's Berkeley Plantation might quibble with the "  First " part  . There were definitely wild turkeys in the Plymouth area , as colonist William Bradford noted in his journal . However , the best existing account of the Pilgrims ' harvest feast comes from colonist Edward Winslow , author of "  Mourt 's Relation : A Journal of the Pilgrims at Plymouth . " Winslow 's first-hand account of the First Thanksgiving included no explicit mention of turkey . He does , however , mention the Pilgrims gathering "  wild fowl " for the meal , although that could just as likely have meant ducks or geese . So why do we chow down on turkey , then ? It helps to know a bit about the history of Thanksgiving . While the idea of giving thanks and celebrating the harvest was popular in certain parts of the country , it was by no means an annual national holiday . Presidents would occasionally declare a Thanksgiving Day celebration , but the holiday had n't completely caught on nationwide . Many of these early celebrations included turkey ; Alexander Hamilton once remarked that , "  No citizen of the U.S. shall refrain from turkey on Thanksgiving Day . " Mental Floss : Manly ways to prepare turkey When Bradford 's journals were reprinted in 1856 after being lost for a century , they found a receptive audience with advocates who wanted Thanksgiving turned into a national holiday . Since Bradford wrote of how the colonists had hunted wild turkeys during the autumn of 1621 and since turkey is a uniquely American  and scrumptious  bird , it gained traction as the Thanksgiving meal of choice for Americans after Lincoln declared Thanksgiving a national holiday in 1863 . Moreover , there were pragmatic reasons for eating turkey rather than , say , chicken at a feast like Thanksgiving . The birds are large enough that they can feed a table full of hungry family members , and unlike chickens or cows , they did n't serve much utilitarian purpose like laying eggs or making milk . Unlike pork , turkey was n't so common that it did n't seem like a suitable choice for a special occasion , either . An interesting 2007 piece in Slate discussed these reasons for turkey 's prominence , but also made another intriguing point . The publication of "  A Christmas Carol " in 1843 may have helped force along the turkey 's cause as a holiday delicacy when Scrooge magnanimously sends the Cratchit family a Christmas turkey . Mental Floss : 10 things that deflated the Macy 's parade There was no cranberry sauce , either While the cranberries the Pilgrims needed were probably easy to come by , making cranberry sauce requires sugar . Sugar was a rare luxury at the time of First Thanksgiving , so while revelers may have eaten cranberries it 's unlikely that the feast featured the tasty sauce . What 's more , it 's not even entirely clear that cranberry sauce had been invented yet . It 's not until 1663 that visitors to the area started commenting on a sweet sauce made of boiled cranberries that accompanied meat . There 's the same problem with potatoes . Neither sweet potatoes nor white potatoes were available to the colonists in 1621 , so the Pilgrims definitely did n't feast on everyone 's favorite tubers . But they had plenty of venison Winslow mentions in his writings that the governor sent out a party of four men to do some fowling for the feast , but the Pilgrims and Wampanoag also enjoyed five deer as part of their feasting . The meat supposedly arrived at the celebration as a gift from the Wampanoag king Massasoit . On top of the venison , other meats probably included lots of fish and shellfish , which were staples of the Pilgrims ' diets . So if you want to wolf down a lobster or some oysters in lieu of turkey on Thursday , nobody can fault you for being historically inaccurate . And pumpkin pie did n't cap things off It may be the flagship dessert at modern Thanksgiving dinners , but pumpkin pie did n't make an appearance at the First Thanksgiving . The Pilgrims probably lacked the butter and flour needed to make a pie crust , and it 's not clear that they even had an oven in which they could have baked a pumpkin pie . That does n't mean pumpkins were n't available for the meal , though ; they were probably served after being baked in the coals of a fire or stewed . Pumpkin pie became a popular dish on 17th-century American tables , though , and it might have shown up for Thanksgiving as early as the second celebration of the holiday in 1623 . Mental Floss : 10 Thanksgiving traditions For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	First-hand account of the First Thanksgiving includes no explicit mention of turkey It 's also unlikely that the feast featured cranberry sauce "  A Christmas Carol " may have helped turkeys become a holiday delicacy Pumpkin pie became a popular dish on 17th-century American tables
A Spanish judge on Tuesday temporarily banned cell phone-based taxi service Uber from operating in Spain after a complaint brought by taxi drivers in the capital , Madrid . The judge issued the ban , the equivalent of a temporary injunction , on the grounds that Uber was deemed to be causing damage to the taxi industry , a court spokesman said . The hearing was in response to a complaint by the Madrid taxi association , which argued that Uber is unfair competition and also lacks the proper municipal licenses to operate a taxi service . The Madrid taxi association is expected now to file a formal lawsuit with the court , after gathering more documents and information , the court spokesman said . Legal arguments for Uber were not heard before the judge because the company is located outside of Spain , in the U.S. state of Delaware , and the taxi industry was seeking immediate relief , he said . The company is expected to have a chance to argue its points before the judge when the formal lawsuit is filed . The Madrid ruling comes on the same day that India 's federal government warned states against allowing unlicensed Web-based taxi services after an Uber driver was accused of raping a woman in New Delhi . Transport authorities in New Delhi on Monday announced a ban on Uber services in the Indian capital , saying their investigation revealed the company was violating permit rules .	A judge in Madrid temporarily halts Uber operations in Spain Taxi drivers ' association argues that Uber is unfair competition and lacks proper licenses It is expected to file a formal complaint before the court ; Uber can then make its case
London  CNN  -- As Iraq 's insurgency was peaking , and American soldiers were dying at a dizzying rate from roadside bombs , a theater director in London was having an epiphany . Plenty of plays about the Iraqi carnage were piling up on his desk , but there were none about the the calamities befalling Afghanistan . It was then that Nicholas Kent , director of the tiny Tricycle Theatre -- far from the glitz and glamour of London 's fabled West End playhouses -- decided to act . "  I became aware in 2007-2008 how it was all going wrong in Afghanistan , " he said . "  It was n't being reported in the media and certainly there was no artistic response to it . " He commissioned a dozen writers to produce a dozen short plays on Afghan history . The result , "  The Great Game , " changed the Afghan debate in the United Kingdom at a stroke . When the Chief of Britain 's Defence Staff , Sir David Richards , saw the performance , he said , "  I wish I 'd seen it before I first deployed to Afghanistan in 2005 . It would have made me a much better commander . " And the performance is now on its way to the Pentagon . Kent says Gen. Richards has been a significant driving force in bringing the performance to his American counterparts . "  The Great Game " is usually performed over three days , with four half-hour plays performed back-to-back each day . Part one "  traces the history of foreign and Western involvement in Afghanistan since the defeat of the British in 1842 , " Kent said . The second installment of the trilogy "  is more or less a reflection of now , " he said : "  The Soviet surge that fails over a decade , through the coming of the Taliban and the arrival of U.S. troops . " The final four plays highlight the problems facing aid workers , Afghans and troops today . The British and American military are getting special performances , playing the whole cycle out in one day rather than three . Kent wanted to stimulate debate and discussion on a conflict he felt was wrong . "  You are putting yourself in some one else 's boots , " he said of what happens to the audience . "  You are empathizing , you are sympathizing with people , thinking what you would do in their situation . " He is thrilled that both the British and now the American military have taken such a significant interest in the production , saying there can be no better way to grapple with the complexities of Afghanistan . "  If you read a book you can put it down . If you read a newspaper you can turn the page . If you see some television you can switch channels , " he said . "  With a play , you are stuck there for some time , and in this case for a whole day . You have to really think about the challenges . " But it 's not just his audiences who have been challenged . "  The Great Game " has changed Kent 's own views . He now thinks pulling troops out precipitously would be a disaster and is increasingly concerned about instability over the border in nuclear-armed Pakistan -- so much so that he 's considering a play on non-proliferation . Kent is a product of his own ethos , learning from his experiences . "  If people start to think outside the box and look at these issues through a different form , rather than in a lecture hall but maybe through an art form , they may learn quite a lot , " he said .	A London theater company commissions a cycle of plays about Afghanistan Britain 's top general says seeing it sooner would have made him a better commander there He has been instrumental in getting America 's top brass to watch it The theatre director says the plays have changed his own mind about the conflict too
CNN  -- Indonesia 's president , Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , has apologized to Singapore and Malaysia for the hazardous air pollution caused by smoke from forest fires raging in his country . Jakarta has sent planes , helicopters and an extra 3,000 personnel to fight the fires , which have been blamed on the clearing of land for palm oil plantations "  For this incident , I , as President of Indonesia , would like to apologize to Singapore and Malaysia and ask for their understanding . Indonesia did not want this to happen and we are trying to address this problem responsibly , " he told a news conference on Monday evening . Schools in many areas of Malaysia were closed on Monday and a state of emergency was declared in two southern regions after the country 's air pollution scale spiked to hazardous levels on Sunday morning , Bernama , Malaysia 's state news agency reported . The country 's air pollution scale exceeded 700 in two areas of Johor state . According to the index , a reading above 300 is considered hazardous . "  The schools are ordered to be closed as a precautionary measure since the bad air quality will affect the health of students , " Second Education Minister Datuk Seri Idris Jusoh said . Classes were back to normal for most schools on Tuesday as the air quality improved . Shifting winds also allowed Singapore , which has been enveloped in smog for most of last week , to breathe easier . The city 's air pollution index stood at 52 at 11 a.m. local time on Monday , falling after the wind direction changed to southerly from southwesterly on Sunday . Last week , the index hit its highest levels since 1997 , with a reading of 371 . The city 's National Environment Agency said air quality becomes "  very unhealthy " when the index passes 200 . Fires have raged in several spots on the island of Sumatra for more than a week , spreading acrid smoke to Singapore and Malaysia . Authorities have been using three helicopters to "  water bomb " the flames and in the past four days 7,000 liters of water have been dumped on the areas hit by the fires . A Cassa aircraft is also being used to seed clouds in attempt to create rain . On Tuesday , Jakarta sent 3,000 firefighters , military and police personnel to reinforce the 2,000 already working to extinguish the fires in Sumatra , where 265 locations have been identified as hotspots . "  I have given instructions to mobilize the power we have , the resources we have including funding . There should be no obstacles in disbursing these funds , " President Yudhoyono said . According to the US-based World Resources Institute , most of the fires are on land owned or managed by timber companies and palm oil plantation owners . Last week , it released a list of 17 timber companies and 15 palm oil plantation operators , including two headquartered in Singapore . The chief of Indonesia 's National Disaster Agency , Syamsul Maarif has said that the government is investigating which companies operating in Sumatra may have caused the fires . Singapore said it would take legal action against local companies found to be involved and pressed Indonesia to provide evidence , the New Straits Times reported . "  We will offer no succor or refuge if the action of the companies have indeed been illegal in Indonesia and impacted on Singapore , " Foreign Minister K. Shanmugam said . The minister added that he would raise the issue at the upcoming meeting of foreign ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  . Authorities in Singapore are anxious to avoid a repeat of the 1997 Southeast Asian haze , which the government estimates cost $ 9 billion in health care costs and disrupted air travel and business . Journalist Katie Hunt wrote and reported from Hong Kong , CNN 's Kathy Quiano reported from Jakarta	NEW : Indonesia 's president apologizes to Singapore and Malaysia over smog Malaysia closes schools in many parts of the country because of haze State of emergency declared in two southern areas after pollution index spikes Singapore breathes easier as change in wind direction disperses smog
CNN  -- A 20-year-old woman whose aunt allegedly beat her and held her captive for a decade in the basement of a Philadelphia apartment building has sued the city , claiming her ordeal could have been avoided if officials had acted appropriately . Beatrice Weston alleges the city failed to "  properly train Department of Human Services workers in child placements , " resulting in her being put in the custody of her aunt , Linda Weston , a convicted felon , a statement from her attorney Shanin Specter said . The complaint says the city of Philadelphia failed to release information about the aunt 's criminal history . Linda Weston served eight years in prison for killing her sister 's boyfriend in the early 1980s . In that case , the victim "  was held captive for an extended period of time , locked in a closet and he literally starved to death , " Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said in October . Philly basement victim says he was kept in nailed-shut closet Beatrice Weston suffered much of the same abuse , beaten with a baseball bat and forced to consume her own urine during the 10 years she was in her aunt 's custody , according to her attorney "  This would have been avoided if the city had n't recommended that a convicted felon be given custody of a vulnerable , innocent child , " Specter said . Mark McDonald , press secretary for Mayor Michael Nutter , said he could not comment on pending litigation . Linda Weston 's attorney said she had not seen the complaint and most likely would not be representing her in any civil hearing . Beatrice Weston 's case first came to light in October when she was found , along with several mentally disabled adults , in the basement of an apartment building where her aunt lived . Police said they believe it was part of a scheme to collect their Social Security checks . The complaint names two other defendants , Nefertiti Savoy , a social worker , and Richard Ames , an attorney who recommended Weston 's placement . Linda Weston is set to go on trial in January on charges of kidnapping , assault , conspiracy , false imprisonment and other related counts to holding the four adults captive . Trial ordered in Philadelphia basements captives case Son ` shocked ' parents accused of holding captives , calls it a ` misunderstanding ' Lawyer : Philly police contacted in 2003 about suspect in captives case	Beatrice Weston says she was held captive for a decade She is suing Philadelphia for placing her with her aunt Her aunt , Linda Weston , has been convicted of starving to death her sister 's boyfriend
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Krishna Rajarman 's classmates and friends remembered him Tuesday as a mentor and scholar who preferred to go home on weekends to spend time with his younger brothers than party on campus . Krishna Rajarman , a Fulbright Scholar and honors student , was a junior at UCLA . "  We asked him , ` Why not stay a weekend because we might do something fun ? ' " said Ashwin Bhongir , Krishna 's roommate and childhood friend . "  He said , ' I want to be here for my brothers . I like to spend time with my brothers , it 's important . ' " Krishna , a 19-year-old junior at UCLA , a Fulbright Scholar and an honors student , was found Monday fatally shot at his parents ' home in suburban Los Angeles . Police said his father killed the teen , his two younger brothers , ages 7 and 12 , his grandmother and mother . Karthik Rajaram , a 45-year-old unemployed financial services expert , then killed himself , police said . The six bodies were discovered in their neatly tended home in an upscale suburb 20 minutes outside Los Angeles on Monday . A neighbor called police to report that the wife had failed to pick her up to take her to her job . Inside the house , police also found letters from the father explaining that mounting financial pressure had led him to kill . Fraternity member Vim Mahadev remembered Krishna as a devoted L.A. Lakers fan who occasionally mentioned family problems , but nothing unusual . "  Nothing ever came up serious , " said Mahadev . "  It was mostly his dad , about financial problems . But most of the time it was how he was his hero because he was intelligent and he always knew the right decisions to make . "  It 's just so ironic . " Krishna 's friends Bhongir and Nahel Patel grew up around the Rajaram family and told CNN they never saw signs of family turmoil during their teenage years . "  I knew his family very well , and every time I went there , it was one of the most welcoming homes I 've ever been to , " said Bhongir . "  It was always a fun loving place to be . " "  He was one of the most promising friends that I ever knew , he was literally the smartest person I 've ever known , " said Bhongir . "  He was going to make it . " Bhongir and Nahel , both business economic majors at UCLA , said Krishna 's father was a role model to them . Krishna had wanted to follow his father 's footsteps in studies and career . The father received his MBA from UCLA in 1987 , according to UCLA spokesman Phil Hampton . Police said he went on to work in a financial holding company and for major accounting firms , such as Price Waterhouse . As a freshman , Krishna joined the campus co-ed fraternity Delta Phi Beta , organized by South Asian students . Fraternity member Natasha Parikh said she was one of Krishna 's closest friends . "  I just talked to him on Wednesday , and he was so excited about the new recruits we were having , " she said . "  He was so excited about this year , and it 's so painful that he ca n't be here to experience the rest of our time at UCLA . " "  He really did n't talk about his personal life ; I always saw him as a happy guy who never once said he was going through any major difficulty , so this has come as a complete shock . "	Krishna Rajarman went home on weekends to be with family rather than party Friends say he was committed to mentoring his two younger siblings Police : Teen 's father , jobless and in financial trouble , killed him and his family Friend describes Krishna : "  He was literally the smartest person I 've ever known "
Washington  CNN  -- The uproar last week over a proposed campaign ad highlighting President Barack Obama 's former pastor , Rev. Jeremiah Wright , lit up political circles before organizers finally backed off the idea . And Mitt Romney came under fire from evangelicals before his speech to Liberty University in Virginia earlier this month because some at the traditional Christian school still believe Mormonism is a cult . Two very different candidates joined by similar , yet hollow , attacks on their faith illustrate the intense mix of identity politics simmering just beneath the surface of the presidential race . When it comes to faith and race , there are some who want to paint both candidates as outside the mainstream , not members of the traditional American club . They want to paint them as "  others . " Both Obama , the nation 's first black president , and Romney , a Mormon , have found that their shared status as members of minority groups and political pioneers , in many ways , has also changed the rules of this presidential campaign cycle , said Nancy Wadsworth , co-editor of the anthology "  Faith and Race in American Political Life . " "  It 's the elephant in the room , " Wadsworth said . "  On the Democratic side , the liability of raising  Romney 's  Mormonism and putting it under closer scrutiny means they will be accused of religious intolerance . If  Republicans  bring up Jeremiah Wright , they 'll be accused of using the race card . " So both presidential campaigns are adhering to a tenuous , unwritten hands-off agreement when it comes to race and religion even as they themselves struggle to navigate those waters . But the same rules may not neccesarily apply to their supporters , third-party groups and well-heeled super PACs . Romney condemned the Wright ad proposal pitched to billionaire Joe Ricketts and his conservative super PAC . Likewise , senior Obama campaign adviser David Axelrod reiterated to Candy Crowley on CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday that critiques of Romney 's Mormonism are "  not fair game . " The success or failure of the two campaigns ' attempts to remove these topics from the table could speak volumes this fall on how far the nation has come on divisive race and religion-based debates in the political sphere , political experts say . Opinion : Why Obama vs. Romney is becoming a dogfight It wo n't be easy . Outside groups , such as the conservative website "  The Daily Caller , " have criticized Obama for eating dog meat as a child growing up in Indonesia . Republican Arizona Secretary of State Ken Bennett is demanding Hawaiian officials authenticate Obama 's U.S. birth certificate , or he may remove the president from the ballot . Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer , a Democrat , recently questioned whether female voters could back Romney , because his father was "  born on a polygamy commune in Mexico . " According to a recent Gallup poll , Democrats were far more likely than Republicans -- 27 % to 18 % -- to vote against a Mormon candidate . Some Democrats struggle to contend with Obama 's race . Vice President Joe Biden was recently dispatched to Democratic stronghold Jefferson County in the important swing state of Ohio , in part because Obama barely eked out a win over John McCain in the predominately white , working-class community . Some Republicans wrestle with Romney 's religion . During the primary and caucus season , several social conservative and religious leaders secretly met in Iowa to find and support any other Republican candidate besides Romney , citing his faith as a major issue . "  There will be a number of Republican evangelicals who stay home because of Romney 's Mormonism , " said Clyde Wilcox , a government professor at Georgetown University . Hundreds of evangelical alumni and students at Liberty University , an institution founded by Rev. Jerry Falwell , balked on Facebook when the school invited Romney to speak at commencement . Rev. O'Neal Dozier in Florida and Scott Thomas in Pennsylvania , prominent Rick Santorum supporters , made derogatory comments about the Mormon faith . The claim is that Barack Obama is secretly a Muslim , Wadsworth said . The reason that it works is it signals through code his otherness , he said . "  Race is always there . " "  Obama can never get out from under his racial difference . He has to position himself as not ` other ' . Race serves Romney because his whiteness reads him as insider . But on religion , he has to tell a story about how his Mormonism is an American religion and coincides with his conservative base . " On both fronts , Obama and Romney are still trying to find their footing . Obama has faltered a bit in the past while navigating the thorny issue of race . He made what was seen as a historic speech on race in March 2008 in the aftermath of the Wright controversy . However , Obama 's remarks in 2009 that a white Cambridge , Massachusetts , police officer acted "  stupidly " in arresting Henry Louis Gates Jr. , a black Harvard professor , and his administration 's hasty firing of Shirley Sherrod in , a black former Department of Agriculture official , after her comments about a white farmer were taken out of context in 2010 , were seen as missteps . Obama 's delayed response after unarmed black teen Trayvon Martin was shot indicated the president and his advisers were "  gauging the cultural landscape , " said Mark Anthony Neal , an African-American studies professor at Duke University and the author of several books , including "  New Black Man : Rethinking Black Masculinity . " For his part , Romney in previous campaigns has weathered insults about his religion . In a February interview with conservative Fox host Sean Hannity , Romney criticized comments that he saw as Obama saying "  we must be a less Christian nation . " And Romney , through appearances with his wife and family , is carefully honing a narrative that seeks to make him seem more like the rest of the nation , Wadsworth said . "  The fact that the leading GOP candidate is a Mormon has changed the dialogue , " Wadsworth said .	Both Romney and Obama have suffered attacks because of their faith Candidates painted by some as outside the mainstream , ` others ' "  It 's the elephant in the room , " said one expert on race and politics
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Handsome , articulate and lightning fast -- McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton can now add two more words to his list of qualities : very rich . Lewis Hamilton will be able to afford a lot more champagne in the future . The Briton is set to become one of the most marketable sport stars in the world -- perhaps second only to Tiger Woods -- and earn more than a billion dollars if he can maintain the buzz created by his first season in Formula One , experts say . On Sunday he started his second season in perfect fashion , easily winning the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne . The 23-year-old signed a five-year contract with McLaren worth an estimated $ 140m in January . It leaves him lagging along way behind Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen , who is paid an estimated $ 50m a year for driving , but it is through endorsements that he stands to reap a greater windfall . Stephen Cheliotis , chief executive of the Centre for Brand Analysis and UK Superbrands and CoolBrands Councils ' chairman , said Hamilton was the most marketable driver because he was a breath of fresh air . He had helped drive up race attendance and television fewer figures dramatically in his first season . "  He is young , mixing with the right people everyday -- rappers , film stars -- and a lot more articulate than Kimi Raikkonen , " Cheliotis said . "  He is also the first black driver and it does have a bearing , much like Tiger Woods in golf . He is also the most marketable because he is going to be the best , much like Michael Schumacher . " Pippa Collett , Sponsorship Consulting 's managing director , said Hamilton was certainly the most marketable driver in the short term . His performance meant he was the dominant member of a group of "  young turks " -- Nelson Piquet Jr , Nico Rosberg , Heikki Kovalainen -- who had great potential . Collett said in terms of the media Hamilton 's performance , friendliness , English speaking background and professionalism were key assets . If he could maintain these he would earn more than Schumacher -- the sport 's first billionaire driver . Indeed , Schumacher set an example which Hamilton would be wise to follow . He was the first driver to win personal sponsors after Ferrari allowed him to sign a $ 10m annual deal with a German bank to place its logo on his cap . The German also actively pursued the development of his own retail range , which included caps -- he sold hundreds of thousands at $ 30 a pop -- and even a branded vacuum cleaner . Collett said Schumacher 's manager , Willi Weber , was very good . "  Schumacher was a nice guy but not very charming . However , he was very professional and you knew he would turn up , " Collett said . Cheliotis agreed Hamilton would earn considerably more than Schumacher , and that there would be a big gap between his earnings and that of the other drivers . However , there were pitfalls . Lewis had already made the mistake of saying he was moving to Switzerland to avoid the limelight when it was all about avoiding tax , Cheliotis said . "  He said that and then turned up at every awards night for a month . " Cheliotis said appearing arrogant , being caught out by the tabloid press , endorsing a brand and then using another and over selling himself could also damage his value . "  The big danger with someone like Hamilton is that he is so in demand and that he has so many sponsors it leads to brand confusion . There is a danger of being one of 50 sponsors and not getting any value . " Collett said Hamilton needed to develop his "  life-time brand " . While Raikkonen may not be a media darling he had developed an "  Iceman " image , which was just as important in the long term . English footballer David Beckham , whose performance had dropped off , had successfully developed a life-time brand that would out last his playing career . Collett said Hamilton 's one weakness may be his father , Anthony . "  His dad is his manager . Your brand positioning is as an individual ... having your dad around too much could affect your brand . " Collett said Hamilton would have to be wary of bad press , but a little bit of young turk behaviour could enhance his image as long as he continued to excel . "  I think that is part of the glamour ... some of that and continued brilliant performances will make his life very easy . " E-mail to a friend	Experts say Lewis Hamilton is set to earn more than Michael Schumacher David Beckham 's "  life-time brand " provides valuable lessons A little bit of scandal is good for the bank balance Raikkonen 's "  Iceman " persona allows sponsors to find perfect match
Federal agents on Tuesday raided a South Florida office of Dr. Salomon Melgen , an eye doctor whose past issues with authorities had already entangled Sen. Robert Menendez . With yellow crime tape strung up outside , men and women lugged box after box of materials from Melgen 's West Palm Beach office into awaiting minivans . Both members of the federal Health and Human Services department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation took part in the search , which FBI Special Agent Michael Leverock said was the second at the same Melgen clinic -- the other coming last January . "  As this is part of an ongoing investigation ,  authorities have  no further comment/information at this time , " said Leverock . That means no official details as to what authorities were looking for . Even if it has nothing to do with his record as a generous political donor , Tuesday 's raid suggests Melgen 's legal troubles and perhaps their negative impact on Menendez , the senior U.S. senator from New Jersey are far from over . Confessions show sex claims were ` false smears , ' senator says The doctor 's lawyer contended that Tuesday 's search was the government 's way of getting back at Melgen , after he sued over Medicare payments . Even so , Matthew Menchel , the attorney , said that Melgen will continue to work with authorities . "  While we believe that today 's intrusion was in retaliation and there was no legitimate need for the search , the FBI 's actions will not prevent Dr. Melgen from continuing his full cooperation with the government , " Menchel said . The doctor first came to the attention of many around Washington when The Daily Caller , a conservative website , published a report shortly before the November 2012 election citing several Dominican women who claimed they 'd had sex with Menendez for money . The New Jersey Democrat staunchly denied the accusation . And in March , Dominican police announced three women had been paid to claim -- falsely -- that they had sex with Menendez . While that part of the story died down , the episode raised questions about why and how Menendez admittedly flew to the Dominican Republic three times in 2010 on Melgen 's private plane . One of those flights was on official business , while two others were for private reasons . The now two-term U.S. senator -- following his re-election last fall -- personally paid Melgen approximately $ 58,500 for the flights , admitting he had failed to pay in more timely , proper payments because "  it unfortunately fell through the cracks . " Others have also brought up how Menendez raised concerns regarding a federal audit that showed Melgen had overbilled the federal government by $ 8.9 million in Medicare and Medicaid payments when treating patients . Melgen , his wife Flor and his daughter Melissa have been generous donors to Menendez , his fellow Democrats and related causes in recent years . Yet in an interview last spring with Bloomberg , Melgen insisted that he "  did not ask Sen. Menendez or any public official to intervene . " In the same interview , the doctor said he and Menendez had "  become like brothers , like friends , " talking to each other every week and seeing each other once a month until the first news broke . The matter of Melgen 's billing practices , meanwhile , has taken more twists and turns in recent months . The doctor sued the federal government in August related to his Medicare claims , with authorities asking to suspend his Medicare payments three weeks later , according to Melgen 's lawyer . Just last Friday , Melgen filed a motion seeking an injunction to stop the government .	Federal agents raid Florida clinic of Dr. Salomon Melgen for the second time They do n't say why , but Melgen is being probed for Medicare and Medicaid billing practices He 's also been a donor to Sen. Robert Menendez , who questioned an audit into Melgen Menendez flew on Melgen 's plane , paid him back after the fact
CNN  -- It 's been a year of mishaps , but Boeing finally has some good news . The Chicago-based aircraft manufacturer announced over the weekend it had completed its first 787-9 Dreamliner . A larger incarnation of the 787-8 , the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is 206 feet long -- 20 feet longer than its predecessor -- and holds 40 more passengers . Its range is also greater , at 8,000-8 ,500 nautical miles , versus the 787-8s 7,650-8 ,200 nautical miles . Like the 787-8 , the new plane uses 20 % less fuel than other planes its size . Pre-debut The new plane rolled out of the factory in Everett , Washington , and is in the flight line awaiting its first flight by Boeing teams . The plane will be delivered to Air New Zealand , its first customer , in mid-2014 . More : What 's so special about the 787 Dreamliner ? This year , Boeing has had a total of 82 orders to date for the 787 , with the largest order of 42 planes coming from American Airlines . Singapore Airlines has the second largest order for 787s with 30 planes ordered . Approximately 40 percent of all 787 orders to date  not just this year  are for the 787-9 . Boeing 's second and third 787-9 planes remain in final assembly . The company says the schedule is "  on track . " A troublesome year The announcement is one of the few celebratory moments for the company in recent months . The four-month global grounding of the entire Dreamliner fleet after an ANA flight was diverted following a battery fire in January was the first such global grounding in 30 years . The grounding was lifted at the end of April . Since the dramatic ANA incident , Dreamliner 's list of problems have gone on to include a United Airlines emergency landing in Houston due to brake problems , a fire on an Ethiopian Airlines Dreamliner at Heathrow Airport and plane groundings and investigations into a faulty fuel pump indicator , an electric panel , a plane oven and emergency beacons . As well as being lighter and more fuel efficient than other similar aircraft , the Dreamliner 's in-cabin experience is different too . It has bigger , dimmable windows  out go the pull-down shutters  , it has LED mood lighting and is pressurized at 6,000 feet rather than 8,000 feet , making air sickness less likely . "  We are working with our supplier partners to continue to introduce improvements to the 787-8 to enhance reliability , just as we do for all of our airplane models , " said Boeing 's communications representative Julie O'Donnell . "  As the 787-8 and 787-9 share a high degree of commonality , we will apply relevant improvements to the 787-9 as appropriate . " More : Best of Boeing : 10 revolutionary aircraft	Boeing completed and rolled out first Dreamliner 787-9 over the weekend Fuel-efficient new plane awaits flight and delivery Air New Zealand will receive the first 787-9 in mid-2014
Record-breaking temperatures have been searing large swaths of China , resulting in dozens of heat-related deaths and prompting authorities to issue a national alert . People are packing into swimming pools or taking refuge in caves in their attempts to escape the fierce temperatures . Local governments are resorting to cloud-seeding technology to try to bring rain to millions of acres of parched farmland . The worst of the smoldering heat wave has been concentrated in the south and east of the country , with the commercial metropolis of Shanghai experiencing its hottest July in at least 140 years , according to state media . Temperatures in the sprawling city of 23 million inhabitants reached 35 degrees Celsius  95 degrees Fahrenheit  or higher on 25 days in July , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported Wednesday . More than 10 people died from heatstroke in Shanghai during the month , it said . But the brutal temperatures are n't confined to the Shanghai region . "  About 19 provinces and regions are experiencing scorching heat , covering more than 3 million square kilometers , almost a third of the country , " He Lifu , chief weather forecaster at the National Meteorological Center , told the English-language newspaper China Daily . The China Meteorological Administration issued its second-highest national heat alert on Tuesday , China Daily reported , adding that the highest alert has never been used . Photos carried by state media showed people frying food like eggs , shrimp and bacon in pans placed on the road surface in some cities . In Shanghai , the heat was being blamed for mounting numbers of dead fish in ponds and rivers , reported Shanghai Daily , an English-language newspaper . Some of the highest temperatures were clocked in and around the eastern city of Hangzhou , about 100 kilometers southwest of Shanghai . The thermometer went above 40 degrees Celsius  104 degrees Fahrenheit  in Hangzhou on six out of seven days in the past week , state media reported . In the district of Xiaoshan , it reached 42.2 degrees Celsius  about 108 Fahrenheit  on Tuesday , the highest temperature recorded for the area . Seven cities and counties in the surrounding province of Zhejiang used cloud-seeding techniques on Tuesday to bring rain to drought-hit farmland , China Daily said . Forecasters say the aggressive heat is likely to continue into the middle of August .	Shanghai experiences its hottest July in at least 140 years Dozens of people have died from heat-related causes in recent weeks , state media report A meteorological agency has issued its second-highest national alert Local authorities are resorting to cloud-seeding methods to try to induce rain
CNN  -- The chairman of the Arkansas Democratic Party died Wednesday , about four hours after a shooting at the party 's headquarters , police said . Police block off the streets surrounding the state Democratic Party headquarters Wednesday in Little Rock . Chairman Bill Gwatney died at 3:59 Wednesday afternoon after a gunman entered his Little Rock office and shot him several times in the upper body , Little Rock Police Lt. Terry Hastings said . Authorities confirmed the news shortly after former President Clinton and Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton released a statement expressing their condolences . "  We are deeply saddened by the news that Bill Gwatney has passed away , " the former governor and first lady of Arkansas said . "  His leadership and commitment to Arkansas and this country have always inspired us and those who had the opportunity to know him . " The shooting suspect , a white male in his fifties , also died Wednesday afternoon after a police chase ended in gunfire , Hastings said . Authorities are working to confirm his identity , but Hastings said there was no indication that he was a former employee . He said police were investigating possible motives , as well as why the suspect went into the Arkansas Baptist State Convention brandishing a gun . CNN affilliates KARK and KTHV identified the gunman as Timothy Dale Johnson , 50 , of Searcy , Arkansas . The suspect walked into the downtown headquarters , near the state Capitol building , before noon . The gunman said he was interested in volunteering , said Sam Higginbotham , a 17-year-old volunteer at the headquarters , The Associated Press reported . "  That was obviously a lie , " Higginbotham said , the AP reported . The man asked for Gwatney and spoke with another employee before pushing his way into his office and pulling a gun on Gwatney , Hastings said . A woman in a nearby business told KTHV that Gwatney 's assistant came in and asked her to call police . Watch witnesses describe the incident " "  I thought maybe someone had gotten hit by a car , " said Sarah Lee , who works at a florist 's shop . "  She was just shaking really bad . " But then the woman said that Gwatney had been shot and that three shots had been fired , Lee said . After the shooting , the suspect entered a nearby Arkansas Baptist State Convention and pointed a gun at an employee . The man was "  white as a sheet , " convention official Dan Jordan said . "  I 've heard he said something do to about losing a job . ... He did n't threaten anyone . " The man left through the front door shortly afterward , he said . A vehicle description was provided to police , Hastings said , and officers found it . A chase involving Little Rock police , Arkansas State Police and the Grant County Sheriff 's Office ended about 20 miles south of Little Rock , where the suspect was shot and taken into custody , he said . See a map of where the suspect was shot " Police said the suspect drove into a ditch and around a set of spike strips in an attempt to evade police . Grant County authorities used a squad car to hit the suspect 's vehicle from behind and ram it into another unit . The man then got out of his vehicle and began shooting at officers , who returned fire . In Sheridan , Arkansas , where the chase ended , a crowd gathered near the suspect 's blue pickup as police cordoned off the area with yellow crime-scene tape . What appeared to be bullet holes could be seen in the truck 's windshield . Police did not confirm Gwatney 's identity until he died , but the Clintons released a statement earlier Wednesday that suggested Gwatney was involved . "  We are stunned and shaken by today 's shooting at the Arkansas Democratic Party where our good friend and fellow Democrat Bill Gwatney was critically wounded , " they said . "  Bill is not only a strong chairman of Arkansas ' Democratic Party , but he is also a cherished friend and confidante . Our thoughts and prayers are with Bill and his family today and we wish him a quick recovery , " they said . The Democratic National Committee also issued a statement Wednesday that identified Gwatney . "  This senseless tragedy comes as a shock to all of us , " Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean said in a written statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to Chairman Gwatney and his family and we pray for his full and speedy recovery . " CNN 's Mary Lynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Arkansas Democratic Party Chairman Bill Gwatney dies after shooting Suspect killed when police shot him in standoff Chairman 's aide asked nearby store owner to call 911 Police are trying to verify suspect 's identity and looking for motive
CNN  -- When was the last time you looked at the label on your clothes to check where they were made or what they are made of ? A few years ago , I was living a paradox familiar to many Americans : eating local and organic food , carrying reusable bags to the grocery store and choosing eco-friendly products wherever I could . This mindfulness was in no way extended to my closet -- I owned more than 350 items of clothes , every single bit of it cheap , trendy , poorly made and assembled in low-wage factories in other countries . See the lifecycle of your cotton T-shirt Fashion today has a here-today-gone-tomorrow mentality , where the latest look , lowest price or the hottest designer are paramount and quantity is valued over quality . For the first time in history , we are consuming clothes as a disposable good , buying a cheap dress for a date night and wearing it but once or twice . These changing attitudes prompted me to write my book , "  Overdressed : The Shockingly High Cost of Cheap Fashion , " and what I learned about the fashion industry during the process compelled me to change . Complete coverage : Fashion Week Our consumption of clothing is growing at an alarming rate . Most Americans have closets brimming , if not overflowing with clothes . Few of those purchases are made here -- 3 % of apparel is produced in the United States , down from about half in 1990 . While American factories sit empty , our thirst for cheap imported clothing has kept the cash registers at many stores humming throughout the recession . Fashion 's environmental footprint has also mushroomed . There are more than 80 billion garments produced around the world today , and according to a study by the UK 's Cambridge University , the industry is creating 70 million tons of waste water as of 2006 in the UK alone . In China , the largest clothing manufacturer in the world , the textile industry is also a major polluter . Last year , I traveled undercover to southern China and saw smog enshrouding a landscape of factories and , more shockingly , hundreds of factory workers wearing cheap , trendy clothes . As China 's consumer class grows , already-scarce resources like water and petroleum may soon buckle under all of this shopping . In July , when it came out that the Olympic uniforms were made in China , Americans were outraged , making it clear that we 're growing weary of soulless consumption . I believe we 're ready for more meaningful wardrobes , and to support our amazing clothing heritage . My mother recently gave me a dress that she wore in high school in the 1960s . It was made by Jonathan Logan , a juniors brand that was considered cheap for its day -- the dress is 100 % wool , fully lined , finished with French seams and made in the USA . What 's so wonderful about locally made fashion is that it offers designers tight control over their product , has a lower environmental footprint and makes it easier to keep an eye on any labor problems . And according to a Cotton Incorporated Lifestyle Monitor survey , approximately 55 % of consumers agree it is "  very/somewhat important " that their clothing is made in the U.S. I was recently in Portland , Oregon , and met with the owners of Spooltown and the Portland Garment Factory , two small shops that have opened recently in a city that had very little existing garment industry infrastructure . They were able to build profitable manufacturing businesses from scratch . Just imagine what other Americans cities could do with the right government and consumer support . Major fashion brands also have an obligation to dramatically reduce the amount of water and energy used and waste emitted in making and selling their clothes , as well as to offer consumers more stylish products that are made out of recycled and eco-friendly materials . Nike is creating athletic team uniforms out of recycled PET bottles and has recycled more than 28 million pairs of athletic shoes through their Reuse-a-Shoe program ; Eileen Fisher has just released a beautiful line of bluesign-certified silk shirts dyed without hazardous chemicals ; and H&M has agreed to stop using toxic and nonbiodegradable perfluorinated compounds , called PFCs , in their outerwear by 2013 . These efforts need to be expanded . Clothing designers also need to rethink the materials they 're using and how they 're sourced . Fortunately , eco-friendly textiles have improved so much in recent years that luxurious eco-friendly fibers like Tencel , Modal and Cupro have far more in common with silk than a hemp sack . Some emerging designers are eschewing new textiles altogether for upcycling , which means taking waste and reclaimed textile material and turning it into a product with higher value . I recently bought a lovely red tunic upcycled from a men 's dress shirt produced by a small Brooklyn designer called State . Designer on the rise : Mohapatra 's moment According to the Environmental Protection Agency , we are throwing away 68 pounds of textiles per person per year and donating such a staggering volume of clothes that a majority of our donations to charity have to be sold to textile recyclers who then sell more than half of our used clothes overseas , largely to Africa . Retailers like Eileen Fisher and Patagonia are accepting returns of their worn products -- Fisher resells them in her Green Eileen retail store , while Patagonia recycles theirs into new products . Fast-fashion stores need to start these types of recycling programs . Consumers can also take more responsibility by repairing and caring for the clothes they own , trading their duds at clothing swaps and , for the particularly creative , refashioning last year 's styles into fresh looks . Now for the million-dollar question : How can you afford this ? It all starts by taking an honest look at how you 're spending money on clothes . The average American consumer spends $ 1,700 a year on apparel . Most of us own more clothing than we know what to do with , so I encourage people to first of all buy less clothing and to try to limit trendy , throwaway purchases to only one or two a season . Divert the rest of your clothing budget to clothes that you truly love and are going to wear for several seasons . If just a quarter of our purchases were put toward locally made or eco-friendly fashion and fashion companies with a commitment to sustainability , we could change the face of the industry . I also believe we 'd be happier with our clothes . See what a cotton T-shirt goes through before it gets to you . Is your closet filled with cheap , disposable clothing ? Do you think it 's worth changing how you shop ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below . The opinions in this story are solely those of Elizabeth Cline .	Elizabeth Cline : Major fashion brands should reduce water and energy use , and waste The average American consumer spends $ 1,700 a year on apparel About 3 % of apparel is produced in the United States
CNN  -- The big winners of this Formula One season could be road drivers rather than F1 racers , according to one former world champion . Jody Scheckter , who took the drivers ' title in 1979 , hopes a raft of technological changes -- notably smaller , hybrid engines that promise greater fuel efficiency -- will help improve road cars ' performance . "  It 's very positive for the sport , this is the first time you 've seen the sport bring in regulations that really push the envelope of technology for every type of car , " the South African told CNN . "  They are trying to take efficiency from everywhere they can on a car . " This year 's race cars will boast an enhanced Energy Recovery System  ERS  and 1.6-liter V6 engines , compared to the 2.4-liter V8s on show last year . The ERS uses heat generated when braking and thermal energy from exhaust gases to create extra power . The Kinetic Energy Recovery System  KERS  has been used in F1 since 2009 , but Scheckter says these latest advancements in the sport will only benefit everyday drivers . "  Wherever there is heat , they turn that into energy , " added the former Ferrari driver . "  From that point of view , that 's what road cars are becoming more and more . "  They 've taken this energy from the brakes and these different areas , that 's what Formula One has done to a much higher degree than I 've ever seen before . I think the technology will flow to road cars very quickly . "  It 's very important for the global environment that they can make the technology work practically and then it can move into road cars . " On the track , Scheckter expects an unpredictable start to the championship as teams and drivers wrestle with the new regulations . An encouraging preseason for Mercedes has fueled talk that Lewis Hamilton is the favorite for this weekend 's Australian Grand Prix and in pole position to take the title . Hamilton , a world champion in 2008 , set the fastest time on the final day of the final test event in Bahrain , but the quickest lap time of preseason was set by Felipe Massa of Williams . The Brazilian is a new arrival at the British team following nine years with Ferrari and Scheckter expects Massa and Hamilton to start well , but he stopped short of tipping either to be top of the pile at the end of the season . "  If you 're going to follow some of the test results then you have to think that Mercedes and Williams have got an advantage at the beginning , " he said . "  How long it will take for other teams to catch up , who knows ? "  I would 've thought after the fourth , fifth race , you might see things settle down . Someone could make a modification and gain one second , two seconds per lap . That is a massive amount . So until things settle down I would n't want to back anybody . " The climax of the 2014 season is set to be a dramatic one , with double points set to be awarded to the driver who takes the checkered flag at November 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , with the winner of that race awarded 50 points , rather than the usual 25 . It 's a move that Scheckter thinks will see the fight for the world championship go down to the wire . "  What they are trying to do is make it so the last race determines the championship , " he said . "  If somebody is quite far ahead and it looks like he 's going to win the championship ... if he does n't finish and another guy does he wins . "  Is that fair ? No it 's not , but it makes exciting racing . Or it makes you throw something at the TV ! " Interactive : 10 cars that changed Formula One	The first race of the 2014 Formula One season takes place in Australia on Sunday Turbo engines are back in the sport , with each car boasting a 1.6-liter V6 hybrid Former F1 winner Jody Scheckter expects F1 technology to trickle down to road cars For the first time in the sport 's history , double points will be awarded at the year 's final race
CNN  -- Beneath Rick Santorum 's stunning three-state sweep on Tuesday stands another stubborn sign of dissatisfaction with the status quo : Republican turnout is down . I 'm talking embarrassingly , disturbingly , hey-don ` t-you-know-it 's - an-election-year bad . It is a sign of a serious enthusiasm gap among the rank and file , and a particularly bad omen for Mitt Romney and the GOP in the general election . Here 's the tale of the tape , state by state , beginning with Tuesday night : Minnesota had just more than 47,000 people turn out for its caucuses this year -- four years ago it was nearly 63,000 -- and Romney came in first , not a distant third as he did Tuesday night . In Colorado , more than 70,000 people turned out for its caucus in 2008 -- but in 2012 it was 65,000 . And Missouri -- even making a generous discount for the fact that this was an entirely symbolic contest -- had 232,000 people turn out , less than half the number who did four years ago . Even with months of pre-primary hype and attention solely devoted to the Republican field , turnout in this election cycle essentially flat-lined . In Iowa , a little more than 121,000 people voted , compared with nearly 119,000 four years before , when action in the Democratic caucuses absorbed most of the attention . In New Hampshire , the same dynamic applied -- 245,000 voters turned out in 2012 , compared with 241,000 four years before , despite Republicans being the only game in town and independents making up 47 % of the total turnout in 2012 , according to CNN exit polls . Take out the independent voters and you 've got a deep net decline . Always proudly rebellious , South Carolina has been the great outlier in this election cycle . With Newt Gingrich making an all-out push for conservatives in a conservative state , turnout was up almost 150,000 over four years before . But in Florida , the decline became unmistakable . Maybe it decreased because the Romney and Gingrich campaigns , plus super PACS , spent more than $ 18 million in the Sunshine State on TV ads , of which 93 % were negative in the last week alone , according to the Campaign Media Analysis Group . After all , negative ads depress turnout . But after all the mud was thrown , 1.6 million people turned out in the nation 's fourth largest state , which might sound impressive until you compare it with the nearly 2 million who turned out in 2008 . Nevada was even worse , with 32,894 people turning out to vote in a state with more than 465,000 registered Republicans . Four years before , more than 44,300 participated in the caucus . Turnout was down more than 25 % despite the GOP caucuses being the only game in town . Party officials were expecting a turnout of more than 70,000 . All this should be a wake-up call for the GOP . Despite an enormous amount of national media attention devoted to each of the states to date , the response has been a notable yawn among the Republican rank and file . The turnout numbers are even worse when you compare them with the number of registered Republicans in each state that has voted to date . The caucuses in particular bring out an unrepresentative sample of a state 's Republican Party . For all the grass-roots romanticism , there has got to be a better way to pick a presidential nominee . But the news is worst for Romney , long the presumptive front-runner in a party that tends to reward the man next in line . "  Reluctantly Romney " could be a bumper sticker , even for his supporters . The former Massachusetts governor has found it difficult to climb above 35 % in national polls , meaning that a majority of Republicans still support someone else in a notably weak field . His vote margins and totals lag behind those of four years before , when he lost the nomination to John McCain in a crowded and comparatively competent field , although Minnesota is the first state he won in '08 and lost in 2012 . You reap what you sow , and part of the reason turnout is down is directly related to the problem of polarization . The Republican Party is more ideologically polarized than at any time in recent history . Therefore , it put up more purely right-wing candidates than it did four years before , when center-right leaders such as McCain and Rudy Giuliani were also in the race . A bigger tent inspired bigger turnout . But the other reason is simple dissatisfaction with the candidates . Republicans seem united in their anger against the president -- like the Democrats in 2004 -- but they are uninspired by their options . Draft movements for fantasy candidates ranging from Chris Christie to Mitch Daniels to Paul Ryan and even Jeb Bush have started and failed . Some party leaders show more enthusiasm for a hypothetical 2016 crop of candidates , including Marco Rubio and Bobby Jindal , than they do for the flawed choices before them in this election . Divided and dispirited is an odd place for the Republican Party to be so soon after the enthusiasms of the 2010 tea party-driven election . The bottom line is that voter turnout matters . And what should be most troubling for Republicans is that this enthusiasm gap among the conservative base is accompanied by a lack of candidates who might appeal to independents and centrist swing voters in the general election . It is a double barrel of bad news for the Republican Party . The numbers can be spun and rationalized by professional partisan operatives all day long , but the fact remains -- voters just are n't turning out to cast their votes for this crop of conservative candidates in 2012 . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Rank-and-file votes lower than in the past , a bad omen for Mitt Romney and GOP GOP turnout flat-lined in some states , Avlon says , and went downhill in Florida , Nevada Avlon points to polarization , the effect of negative ads and dissatisfaction with candidates More bad news , he says : No candidate is likely to appeal to independents , centrists
The cost of fighting climate change will only climb if industrialized nations do n't take steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , the United Nations ' panel on the matter warned Sunday in its wrap-up report . In its "  synthesis report , " the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change said that the hundreds of authors involved in the study were even more certain than before that the planet is warming and humans are the cause . "  If left unchecked , climate change will increase the likelihood of severe , pervasive and irreversible impacts for people and ecosystems , " the report said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told reporters that action must come soon . "  Leaders must act . Time is not on our side , " he said . The report said there are solutions to keeping the rise in temperatures from crossing a 2-degree Celsius increase , the goal of many governments . "  It is technically feasible to transition to a low-carbon economy , " said Youba Sokona , the co-chairman of IPCC Working Group III . "  But what is lacking are appropriate policies and institutions . The longer we wait to take action , the more it will cost to adapt and mitigate climate change . " Previously the group has said that about half of the carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere since the dawn of the industrial age has been produced since 1990 . On the current path , global average temperatures could go up anywhere from 3.7 to 4.8 degrees C  6.7 to 8.6 F  over pre-industrial levels by 2100 . According to the IPCC , to stay below a 2-degree C increase , greenhouse gas emissions need to fall as much as 70 % around the world by 2050 and to zero by 2100 . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the report is "  another canary in the coal mine " and added that "  ambitious , decisive and immediate action " is needed . "  We have that opportunity , and the choice is in our hands , " R. K. Pachauri , chairman of the group , said in the report . John Coleman , a weather forecaster and a founder of the Weather Channel , said climate change is "  not happening . " "  There is no significant man-made global warming now . There has n't been any in the past , and there 's no reason to expect any in the future , " Coleman told CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " Coleman said governments pay scientists to study the issue and researchers reach expected conclusions in order to continue to receive funding . Therefore the large percentage of climate scientists who agree there is climate change is a "  manipulated figure , " he said . "  They do n't have any choice , " added Coleman , who said he is a skeptic , not a denier . "  If you 're going to get the money , you have got to support their position . " But David Kenny , CEO of the Weather Channel , said Coleman 's opinion is at odds with the channel 's stance , which he said has been "  unwavering " since 2007 . The Weather Channel 's statement says that the Earth is indeed warming and cites "  strong evidence that the majority of the warming over the past century is a result of human activities . " Weather Channel distances itself from a founder "  The science is really clear , and I do n't like our brand being associated with something that 's not scientifically based , " Kenny told "  Reliable Sources , " adding that Coleman has n't been associated with the channel in decades . The chief scientist at the United Kingdom 's Met Office said the IPCC report gives governments the science to help make policy decisions . Julia Slingo added that supercomputing will also advance the science . "  By doing this we can provide a solid evidence base to ensure UK investment decisions , and our future prosperity , remain resilient to future climate risk , " she said in a written statement . The report did n't estimate a price for global changes . "  The Synthesis Report finds that mitigation cost estimates vary , but that global economic growth would not be strongly affected , " it said . Ban said it is a myth that fixing climate change will be expensive . Inaction will have large financial and societal costs , he said . He pointed to renewable energy and increased efficiency as two ways to address the issue . The IPCC said the report is based on 30,000 scientific papers studied by about 830 authors and 2,000 reviewers . The reports from the IPCC are aimed at guiding world leaders as the United Nations attempts to work out a new treaty to limit emissions . Paris will host the next major international climate summit , scheduled to start November 30 , 2015 . Previous rounds of talks have been strained by disputes between the biggest emitters -- China , the United States and European countries -- and poorer countries whose populations could see the worst impacts first .	U.N. Secretary-General says time is running out for world leaders to lead Report is "  another canary in the coal mine , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says U.N. calls for the elimination of greenhouse gas emissions by 2100 IPCC says it is more certain than ever that humans are causing temperature rises
