CNN  -- One week after Superstorm Sandy beat up the Northeast , tearing apart homes and lives in New Jersey , New York and other areas , there 's another worry on the horizon : A nor'easter is coming . Rain is forecast to move in early Wednesday and will gradually become heavier , according to CNN meteorologists . As the day goes on , the weather will get worse , with daytime temperatures hovering in the 40s . At night it could get down to the 20s -- bad news for the 127,000 customers who are still without power , according to Con Edison . Working round the clock , the company said Tuesday that more than 846,000 customers who lost power -- 87 % -- have it again . A nor'easter is a strong low pressure system with powerful northeasterly winds coming from the ocean ahead of a storm . Predicted 60-mph gusts could hurt the already ravaged Jersey Shore . Coastal flooding and beach erosion are possible . Of course there 's a strong concern for everyone 's safety , too . Sandy left 110 people dead in the United States , and on its way to the country , it took the lives of 69 people . "  When it rains , it pours . When it storms , you get more storms , I guess , " said New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo . Under normal conditions , the nor'easter would n't be problematic , he said , but because many areas are still picking up the pieces from last week , it could cause fresh havoc . On Monday , authorities in Brick , New Jersey , ordered residents in the low-lying waterfront areas of town to leave . The storm is not another Sandy , and its path and severity could change , according to CNN meteorologists . How you can help "  I have n't even really thought about the nor'easter , " said Ryan Hanley . The 27-year-old 's chief worry is the home she had to abandon in Wantagh , on New York 's Long Island . It 's 4 feet deep in water . All her belongings are on the curb . "  I can not think right now about voting  in Tuesday 's presidential election  either , " she said . "  I do n't even know where to go if I wanted to vote . " To help with such concerns , Cuomo signed an order Monday allowing affidavit voting . Basically , what that means is that voters registered in a federally declared disaster county can vote at any poll site in the state by signing an affidavit . "  We want everyone to vote . Just because you 're displaced does n't mean you should be disenfranchised , " the governor said . Voters in some New York counties may get an extra day to cast ballots if disruptions caused by Sandy prevent enough citizens from voting , a state official said Sunday . New Jersey announced that residents displaced by Sandy can vote in Tuesday 's elections via e-mail or fax , the first time civilians in the state have been allowed to vote remotely . At least two polling places in Connecticut have been changed due to Sandy -- one in Bridgeport and another in New London . Signs that people are working hard to move on after Sandy can be found across New York . Construction work started again Monday at the 9/11 ground zero site , which was flooded by Sandy . Some 94 % of schools in New York City were open Monday , according to the mayor , and the subway system is back in operation . New York officials said they are investigating reports of price gouging after receiving hundreds of complaints from consumers who say business owners have jacked up prices on hotel rooms , generators , food and water . In everyday lives , progress ca n't come fast enough . Hanley is living with her boyfriend 's family a few towns away from Wantagh , and her confusion about where to vote is a secondary concern right now . "  I 've heard from neighbors who are still around there that we 've had looters , " she said . "  What am I supposed to do right now ? How do I deal with that ? " she said . "  I do n't have electricity , so I can not pump the water . It is just sitting there . Whether someone takes what we have ... I have no control over that . I have no control over any of it . " Hanley has been talking with her insurance company . But she said she has n't been able to reach a real person with the Federal Emergency Management Agency yet . "  We have not been directly contacted , nor can we reach anyone when we call , " she said . FEMA has defended its response to people in need . While Hanley struggles with the bureaucracy of post-disaster life , many others are receiving help from the Red Cross , which has opened 190 shelters along the Eastern Seaboard . The organization has hundreds of disaster workers on standby with emergency supplies . ` It 's a humbling experience ' Katie Fairley , a Staten Islander who lives in New Dorp , one of the harder-hit areas , said she 's seen people sleeping in their cars . A 51-year-old vice president for finance at a health care facility , Fairley said lines for food and for gas are blocks long . "  Thank God , we have each other here , " she said , insisting that Staten Islanders have been forgotten . Another Staten Islander , Tara Saylor , spent her weekend volunteering to hand out clothing and food . The 25-year-old works at a Manhattan interior design showroom . She and her home on a hill in St. George escaped Sandy 's wrath . Helping people touched her deeply . "  I was almost crying when people are thanking me , " she said . "  They were  throwing their family photos out in the middle of the street . It 's a humbling experience . You really begin to appreciate what you have . " In the Long Island community of Floral Park , Kevin Cordova 's family members tried cooking hot food to stay warm and wore their coats indoors . His house is uninhabitable , thanks to Sandy . "  There 's really no amount of blankets that can stop you from being cold in 30-degree weather , " the 28-year-old said . "  We feel a little homeless right now . We have our house , but we ca n't really use it . " Teacher : ' I want them to tell their stories ' To the southwest in Red Bank , New Jersey , about a 90-minute drive from Floral Park , Chris Ippolito has been luckier than many folks . So far , he 's only had to wrestle with sporadic power outages . But his mother-in-law 's home was severely flooded . Her historic house , more than 100 years old , sat a block from the ocean in Monmouth County . Her family built it , and she spent her childhood there . She left the house before Sandy hit , so she 's physically all right . But she 's devastated by the loss . "  It 's incredibly difficult for her , " Ippolito said . Things are returning to some semblance of normalcy , he said . CNN reached Ippolito shortly after he had delivered food and supplies to a local firehouse . "  Businesses are breathing back to life , " he said . "  Schools are limping back to life . " Ippolito is a high school teacher . His district is closed for now , but he 's thinking about all his students . "  I want them to tell their stories , to feel like they can open up if they want or need to , " he said . He 'll use his free time Tuesday to cast his vote for president . "  I understand that voting is n't the priority for a lot of people who are dealing with more immediate needs , " he said . "  But I 'm not going to miss it . "	Roughly 94 % of schools in New York City are open A forecast nor'easter could complicate recovery efforts New York governor says "  displaced " should n't mean "  disenfranchised " A Long Islander is more worried about looters than voting
CNN  -- India are poised to build a handy first-innings lead over South Africa after Virender Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar scored centuries on the second day of the second cricket Test in Kolkata . The home side , needing to win to level the series and retain their No. 1 ranking in the five-day game , reached 342-5 when bad light halted play early on Monday , having bowled the Proteas out for 296 in the morning session . Opener Sehwag smashed a scintillating 165 off only 174 balls faced , hitting 23 boundaries and two sixes as he added 249 for the third wicket with Tendulkar . The veteran Tendulkar extended his world record of Test tons to 47 as he took on the junior role , facing 206 deliveries for his 106 . Sehwag , who was dropped by J.P. Duminy on 47 , had threatened South African Jacques Kallis 's record for the fastest half-century but suffered a brief lull in run flow before passing the mark in just 41 deliveries . He and Gautam Gambhir put on 73 for the first wicket in just 9.2 overs before the latter was run out for 25 , then paceman Morne Morkel had Murali Vijay caught behind by stand-in wicketkeeper A.B. De Villiers for seven . India reached lunch at 97-2 and Sehwag raced to three figures in only 87 balls for his 19th Test century as the duo batted through the middle session , going to tea at 232-2 . They both fell late in the day as part-time bowler Duminy removed Tendulkar and fellow spinner Paul Harris dismissed Tendulkar , then paceman Dale Steyn bowled Subramaniam Badrinath for one . V.V.S. Laxman  9  and nightwatchman Amit Mishra  1  survived until stumps as India extended their lead to 46 . South Africa had resumed on 266-9 after a late collapse on Sunday , and tailenders Morne Morkel and Wayne Parnell added another 30 runs for a final-wicket stand of 35 . Left-arm seamer Zaheer Khan finally ended their resistance , trapping Parnell leg before wicket for 12 in his first over of the day to finish with figures of 4-90 . Spinner Harbhajan Singh claimed three wickets on Sunday . Meanwhile , New Zealand reached 258-5 on a rain-hit opening day of the one-off Test against tourists Bangladesh in Hamilton . The Kiwis slumped to 66-3 after Monday 's start was delayed by an hour due to wet conditions , but Martin Guptill then added 60 with Ross Taylor  40  and an unbroken 100 with Brendon McCullum to guide the home team safely to stumps . No. 3 batsman Peter Ingram crashed 42 off 47 deliveries before becoming the second of Rubel Hossain 's three victims , but it was Guptill 's more measured Test best score of 80 that anchored the innings . The big-hitting McCullum kept the score ticking over as he celebrated his 50th Test with his 16th half-century , ending the day on 58 from 71 deliveries .	India reach 342-5 on second day of second Test against South Africa in Kolkata Virender Sehwag hits 165 as he adds 249 for third wicket with Sachin Tendulkar  106 Tourists South Africa had added 30 runs to their overnight total of 266-9 New Zealand reach 258-5 on rain-hit opening day of one-off Test against Bangladesh
CNN  -- At age 59 , Denzel Washington may have something new : a franchise . The two-time Oscar winner added to his string of successes this weekend with "  The Equalizer , " which had no equal at the box office , opening with an estimated $ 35 million in ticket sales . It 's the 15th time in 15 years that a Washington film has debuted with $ 20 million or more , but not one of those movies has been -- or had -- a sequel , let alone a franchise . Denzel Washington : The essential roles That may change with "  The Equalizer . " It has been widely reported that Sony , the studio behind the action thriller loosely based on the '80s TV series , hopes it will spawn at least a sequel . The film 's solid debut , one of Washington 's best , certainly makes that a solid prospect . Of course , Washington 's career itself is something of a franchise . As this weekend 's box office shows , audiences are far from tired of seeing this star in star vehicles , righting wrongs and dispensing justice , violently when necessary . The only difference is that Washington , as he nears his 60th birthday this December , may finally be set to play the same character in more than one movie . A sequel is already in the works for "  The Maze Runner , " which yielded the top spot at the weekend box office , but managed to hold off the debut of the stop-motion animated film "  The Boxtrolls " for second . Meanwhile , that other star for the senior set , Liam Neeson , did n't fare nearly as well as Washington , as "  A Walk Among the Tombstones " slid from second place all the way to seventh . Ticket sales dropped by two-thirds in its sophomore weekend . As for the year 's top movie , "  Guardians of the Galaxy " is now at $ 319 million and counting in domestic theaters , ranking behind only "  The Avengers " and "  Iron Man 3 " among Marvel 's mÃ © lange of mega-hits . Domestic weekend box office estimates from Exhibitor Relations Co.  final numbers available Monday afternoon  : 1 . THE EQUALIZER -- $ 35 million 2 . THE MAZE RUNNER -- $ 17.5 million  $ 58 million in 10 days 3 . THE BOXTROLLS -- $ 17.3 million 4 . THIS IS WHERE I LEAVE YOU -- $ 7 million  $ 22.6 million in 10 days 5 . DOLPHIN TALE 2 -- $ 4.8 million  $ 39.7 million in 17 days	Denzel Washington 's "  The Equalizer " makes an estimated $ 35 million "  The Maze Runner , " last week 's box office victor , comes in second Liam Neeson 's "  A Walk Among the Tombstones " drops from 2nd to 7th
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The FBI and University of California at Los Angeles police are investigating a new round of threats from anti-animal research activists who claimed to have sent AIDS-tainted razor blades and a threatening message to a research professor , a university spokesman said Tuesday . The university said law enforcement officials confirmed that UCLA neuroscientist David Jentsch received a package at his home containing razor blades and a threatening note . The North American Animal Liberation Press Office posted an unsigned communique on its website from a group calling itself "  The Justice Department at UCLA , " claiming its members sent the razor blades to Jentsch because he uses primates for government-funded testing of drug addiction . "  He has no business addicting primates to phencyclidine known on the streets as PCP and other street drugs using grant money from the federal government , " said the statement issued Tuesday by the activist group . Since 2006 , other anonymous activists claimed responsibility for at least 11 acts of sabotage , vandalism , criminal damage and firebombing against UCLA faculty or property , either on and off campus , university officials said . In March 2009 , activists seeking to stop the use of animals in research claimed to set fire to Jentsch 's vehicle parked overnight outside his home . Jentsch , a professor of psychology , psychiatry and biobehavioral sciences , uses vervet monkeys in his research into the biochemical processes that contribute to methamphetamine addiction and tobacco dependence in teenagers , and the cognitive disabilities affecting schizophrenia patients , according to the university . Much of Jentsch 's work is funded by the National Institutes of Health , university officials said . "  Responsible use of animals in research aimed at improving the health and welfare of the mentally ill is the right thing to do , and we will continue because we have a moral responsibility to society to use our skills for the betterment of the world , " Jentsch said in a statement . In a phone interview with CNN , Jentsch said the activists have been "  using various tactics to get at me . " "  They started with incinerating my car , " he said . "  They have participated in monthly demonstrations outside of my house . Usually the threats are general , this one was very specific . "  They said they were going to cut my throat , and they named one of my students . "  I 'm not afraid . I 'm angry . It 's so ridiculous in our society that people do this just because they do n't like what you do , " he added . Jentsch provided an account of the threat . "  About a week ago I was going through my mail in my kitchen and I opened a letter and razor blades spilled out on the floor . It was the first sign something was nefarious , " he said . "  The letter inside contained quite specific and heinous acts of violence to kill me . " He said the letter was signed by the Justice Department , which he described as a group "  loosely aligned with the Animal Liberation Front . " "  The major reason -LSB- no one has been arrested -RSB- is because the Animal Liberation Front has no official membership . Their spokesman calls from underground and claims to not know any of its members , " Jentsch said . Jerry Vlasak , an animal rights activist , said he does not know who targeted Jentsch but he says he understands why the researcher was targeted . "  He does not have the right to go home to feel at ease . Try to look at it from the perspective of the innocent beings that he is doing this to , " Vlasak said . Vlasak says he is a medical doctor who also used to do animal research but stopped because he felt it was incredibly torturous to animals . "  He has refused to debate with me and other doctors . He has spoken out against animal activists . So he has basically made himself an even bigger target , by saying not only am I going to continue torturing animals but I am flipping the bird to all these animal rights activist that want to stop me , " Vlasak said . University spokesman Phil Hampton condemned the threats . "  What 's happened here recently is only the recent manifestation of a pattern of reprehensible , repugnant criminal activity directed at UCLA researchers , " Hampton said . "  UCLA is committed to conducting research that helps us to understand better the human body and is making important steps and strides to new diagnoses , treatments and cures to a wide variety of ailments such as Parkinson 's  disease  and cancer . " CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Researcher says , "  I 'm not afraid . I 'm angry " Anti-animal research activists make new round of threats against researcher Animal Liberation Front posts online a claim of responsibility from group UCLA researcher uses vervet monkeys for drug addiction studies
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Vice President Dick Cheney arrived Saturday night in Israel , where he pledged America 's "  enduring and unshakable " commitment to the security of the Jewish state as it approaches its 60th anniversary . Vice President Dick Cheney , left , and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert reaffirmed their alliance Saturday . Cheney met with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to kick off a weekend of talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders . "  Our two countries have been more than just strong allies . We 've been friends , special friends , " Cheney said at a news conference with Olmert . "  Both our nations share the ideals of liberty , equality , human dignity and representative government . " "  Both our nations have stood firm against forces of terror and intimidation . ... We are natural allies , " Cheney added . He reaffirmed that the United States was committed to Israel 's "  right to defend itself against terrorism and rocket attacks and other threats from forces dedicated to Israel 's destruction . " In turn , Olmert called Cheney "  a very good supporter and friend of the state of Israel . " Watch Cheney discuss the U.S.-Israel relationship " The Israeli prime minister said the two leaders would discuss Iran and peace negotiations with the Palestinians as well as Syria and Hezbollah . "  We will always be happy to hear your advice and your observations about these very important issues , which are on the top of the agenda of the state of Israel , " Olmert told Cheney . Cheney , who spent the past two days in Saudi Arabia , planned to attend an Easter service Sunday in Jerusalem before heading to Ramallah in the West Bank for talks with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas . Cheney 's visit comes on the heels of a similar trip by President Bush , who pushed renewed Mideast peace talks that he hoped would achieve a resolution before his final year in office ends . Cheney reiterated Bush 's goals , saying Abbas and Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad "  too can be certain of America 's goodwill in this process . " "  It 's not America 's role to dictate the outcome , but we will help with the negotiations and provide all the support and encouragement we can , " Cheney said . "  We want to see a resolution to the conflict and an end to the terrorism that has caused so much grief for the Israelis . " Southern Israeli towns have faced a near-daily stream of rocket attacks from Palestinian militants in Gaza for months . In response , Israeli troops launched a five-day push into Gaza this month that left at least 110 Palestinians and two Israeli soldiers dead . And earlier this month , a man armed with an automatic weapon and a handgun slipped into a Jewish seminary in Jerusalem and killed eight students . "  We must not and will not ignore the darkening shadows of the situations in Gaza , in Lebanon , in Syria and in Iran and the forces there working to derail the hopes of the world , " Cheney said . A delegation of Republican members of the U.S. House of Representatives , led by Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio , also arrived in Jerusalem on Saturday . "  This congressional visit will give us the opportunity to discuss important issues of mutual concern between our two countries , the peace process and regional security , including Iraq , Iran , Syria , and Lebanon , " Boehner said in a statement . E-mail to a friend	The vice president kicks off a weekend of talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders Cheney says the U.S. is committed to Israel 's right to defend itself He plans to attend an Easter service Sunday in Jerusalem A delegation of GOP members of the U.S. House of Representatives is also in Israel
Paris  CNN  -- A French soldier who was stabbed Saturday on the western outskirts of Paris was targeted because of his military service , France 's defense minister said . "  The aim was to kill the soldier because he was a soldier , " Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told CNN affiliate BFMTV . The attacker wanted "  to kill a soldier who is in charge of French security , " he said . The soldier was stabbed in the neck from behind with either a knife or a box cutter , a Hauts-de-Seine police spokesman said . The soldier , 23 , was hospitalized with non-life-threatening wounds , the Ministry of Defense said in a statement . The attacker was wearing a robe and appeared to be North African , said Laurent Lefebvre , a spokesman for Syndicat Alliance Police Nationale , a French police union . Hauts-de-Seine police said they were screening surveillance video . The case has been passed on to anti-terrorism investigators in Paris . The soldier was on patrol as part of a heightened security plan initiated in certain areas following France 's intervention in Mali earlier this year , French President Francois Hollande said . The attacker fled , triggering a manhunt , Interior Ministry spokesman Marie Murault said . The incident occurred late in the afternoon in the La Defense neighborhood as the soldier was on a joint patrol with police , the ministry said . It comes days after an attack in which a British soldier was hit by a car and hacked to death in southeastern London . Moments later , one of his alleged attackers was filmed saying the soldier was killed "  because Muslims are dying daily " and that "  we must fight them as they fight us , " in an apparent reference to British and allied forces ' role in conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . London attack : Terrorists targeting soldiers at home again ? London attack mirror plot to behead Muslim soldier CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	France 's defense minister says the soldier was intentionally targeted He was stabbed in the neck from behind , police said The soldier is hospitalized with non-life-threatening wounds A manhunt is on for the attacker
CNN  -- "  What 's with all the mixologists these days ? "  Why are n't bartenders content just to be called bartenders anymore ? " I frowned as my editor griped about the sanctimonious self-regard of a class of workers once regarded as anonymous service minions  his words  , then suggested I do a story on this outrageous barroom development . For a person whose alcohol taste buds are n't refined enough to detect the difference between Cointreau and Grand Marnier , the term slung about by high-minded marketers seems like just another way to suggest 1  intimidating cocktail menus and 2  staggering prices . It might not even be a real word . Type "  mixologist " into your laptop and you 'll see that red squiggly snake beneath it , suggesting that the word does n't even officially exist . My initial attempt to get to the bottom of the mixologist/bartender question only confuses things further . At The Landmark Mandarin Oriental , Hong Kong 's annual Masters of Mixology event , I speak with three talented international bartenders . Despite the name of the event they 're a part of , each dismisses the term mixologist like it 's stale beer . "  I feel very strongly to refer to myself as a bartender , " says New Yorker Natasha David . From dive bars to nightclubs to high-end bars , David has been pouring drinks for 11 years . In addition to helming Nitecap in New York , she runs a cocktail consulting business , crafting creative cocktail menus for bars . "  I do n't think mixologist is a bad term and it does say something nice about creating recipes , but it 's more important , relatively , to be welcoming and fun with your guests than to be technically perfect , " she tells me . "  Bartender trumps mixologist " In Asia , experienced bartenders tend to consider "  mixologist " a gimmicky title employed by green bartenders . "  In Korea , bartenders are the ones who make tasty cocktails while mixologists make beautiful ones , " says Dohwan Eom , owner of Le Chamber in Seoul . Eom was the Diageo World Class Bartender of the Year Runner-up for 2010 for his work at the Ritz Bar at the Ritz-Carlton , Seoul ; he 's known for infusing food ingredients into his cocktails . "  Bartender trumps mixologist , " he insists . "  Younger bartenders like to call themselves mixologists nowadays , trying to make their work sound magical , " adds Takumi Watanabe , a 20-year veteran of the trade , award-winning bartender at the elegant Sailing Bar in Nara , Japan , and considered one of the top bartenders in the country . "  In Japan , people are respected for being in one job for many years , so calling yourself a mixologist does n't make your customers believe in you . " Watanabe 's remarks suggest a generational divide , but it turns out the term "  bartender " does n't have to equate to old-fashioned tapster . Watanabe makes me an unforgettable Takumi 's Margarita using ume-shu and shiso powder . It 's impossible not to trust someone who "  sees making cocktails as a ceremony . " So far everything I 've found makes the case for mixologist being a dirty word . That might bring a smug smile to my editor 's face . But I know there are plenty of people out there who use the term in a serious and meaningful way . Mixologist actually a classic term Somebody has to have a kind word for mixologists . I keep digging , pestering every drink pourer I can find . Michael Callahan and Raj Nagra both refer to themselves as "  bartender before a mixologist , " but neither considers mixologist a snobbish term . "  The term dates as far back as the 1850s , so I think to dismiss it entirely would be forsaking the rich history of our craft , " says Callahan , founding bartender at 28 HongKong Street in Singapore and former vice president of the Northern California Chapter of the United States Bartenders ' Guild  he relocated from San Francisco to Singapore  . Callahan 's 28 HongKong Street ranked 10th on the World 's 50 Best Bars list in 2013 and is nominated as a finalist this year . "  Mixologist has sprung up again over the last decade more aggressively , " says Nagra , a Global Bombay Sapphire Ambassador and veteran bartender in New York . "  Many aspiring bartenders in this modern age have used the title to gain more press and assist in transforming the consumer idea of what a bartender was and perhaps now might be . "  The media absolutely love the term and use it more than bartenders these days to educate their readership on the evolution of the cocktail industry , " says Nagra . "  It 's become a hype generator , its greatest proponent being marketers . "  In recent years , the term has been abused just as ` punk rock ' became a commodity in the '90s . A ` mixologist ' is just a person with a whole lot of passion for what they do , " says Callahan . Well , that sounded like a familiar refrain -- blame the media ! Maybe my professional brethren are sometimes suckers for the hype machine , but surely the entire media ca n't shoulder the blame for the proliferation of mixologists ? Where did the term come from before media and marketers went nuts for it ? "  Dale DeGroff , " says Nagra . The man who started it all "  I 'm afraid I have to take the rap for reviving the 19th-century term mixologist , " says Dale DeGroff , after I reach out for a so-it 's - you conversation . Founder of the Museum of the American Cocktail in New Orleans and creator of his own bitters , it was 1987 when DeGroff slipped the term into the cocktail menu at the Rainbow Room in New York . This was at a time when the bar was creating a storm by employing classic recipes and making drinks with real ingredients and fresh juice . "  It was clear that we were doing something no one else was doing and something that had n't been done for many years , " says DeGroff . "  I wanted to shine a light on what we were doing at Rainbow ... so I decided to call myself a master mixologist to the press . " A dead word in modern dictionary , he came across the term in a 19th-century bar manual while doing cocktail research . "  It 's understandable why ` mixologist ' has become a popular moniker ; it helps to differentiate the average beer/shot/Flaming Lamborghini bartender from ones who spend their time furthering their knowledge of flavor compounds and the obscure history of the craft , " says Callahan . "  For me , the term mixologist lends to the idea of crafting creative cocktails , with a heightened understanding of the ingredients within , as potentially opposed to otherwise , " says Nagra . Ultimately , argue its proponents , the title does n't have to denote extravagance . "  The idea of creating great drinks is not reserved for anyone in particular and can be presented by way of relatively modest pricing , " says Nagra , citing the populist cocktail scene in New York as an example . "  One of the things I love most about NYC cocktail bars is that many are operated by amazingly talented people who are modest and happy to educate their customers . " Final verdict Although most bartenders I speak with do n't despise the term itself -- rather they wince at the abuse of it -- I think it 's best to leave the verdict to the man who resurrected the noble mixologist . After working as a driver for Zsa Zsa Gabor and pursuing an acting career , DeGroff first landed a job as a waiter and a bartender in the early 1960s . Now 65 , DeGroff recalls the moment he rediscovered the now-infamous term and says he saw the rise of its popularity coming . "  Joe Baum , my mentor and the man who many believe was one of the movers in the early days of the culinary , wine , and , through me , the cocktail revolution of the last 40 years , shared his vision with me , " says DeGroff . "  So yes , I did know we were onto something that would change the scene for decades to come . "  Those decades I spoke of above are just beginning . "  Now that beverage is on a more equal footing with the culinary side of the business , the two will become inseparable -- and I am not just speaking about wine . " DeGroff does n't mind the flood of self-proclaimed "  mixologists " in the market , and reminds me of the positive influence the term and the movement have had on the business of bartending . "  The question really is not too much or too little , but good or bad . "  Of course there are a few out there calling themselves ` master mixologists ' who do n't have the chops to perform at that level , but the market will sort that out quickly , " says DeGroff . That 's a final word on mixologists even my grouchy editor might drink to . Le Chamber , 42 Dosan-daero , 55-gil , Gangnam-gu , Seoul The Landmark Mandarin Oriental , Hong Kong , The Landmark , 15 Queen 's Road Central , Hong Kong Nitecap , 120 Rivington St. , New York The Sailing Bar , SHR Building , 564-3 , Kibi , Sakurai City , Nara , Japan 28 HongKong Street , 28 Hong Kong St. , Singapore What do you think ? Are mixologists rank pretenders ? Or cocktail gurus deserving of the high title ? Leave a comment .	For some , the term "  mixologist " suggests pretension and expensive drinks Dating to the 1850s , the term was resurrected by New York bartender Dale DeGroff in the 1980s DeGroff and others say the term helps differentiate beer slingers from barkeeps who study the craft of cocktail making
CNN  -- With astronomical Chinese art prices making recent headlines  $ 36 million for a decorated porcelain cup , anyone ?  it 's hard not to wonder how one can elbow into the art market for a piece of the pie . For those outside of the Chinese art scene , entering the market can be intimidating . With reports surfacing in recent years on forgery , fraud , and money laundering , the art game seems even harder to play . "  The art market is not very transparent , " admits Alexandre Errera , founder of online art gallery Artshare.com . But he , and several other experts we spoke to , offer some insight on how to see clearly inside the Chinese art market , with tips on the hottest works to buy right now . Dig deep "  Chinese art is a jungle , " says Errera . Navigating the wild terrain requires patience and passion , especially if the buyer is unfamiliar with Chinese history and culture . Start at regional art fairs , such as Art Basel Hong Kong , or SH Contemporary , where a lot of artists can be seen all at once . If you find yourself thinking about a work long after you 've seen it , approach the gallery and go deeper . Look at many works from the artist 's entire career . "  Some collectors never buy without meeting with the artist , " says Errera . When it comes to valuating the works , there are plenty of online resources . Websites like artnet.com , artprice.net , and artvalue.com offer information about an artist 's auction records and previous owners . It also pays to see who is your competitor . If institutional investors , museums , art funds , or other private collectors are also buying this artist , that 's a plus . Calligraphy , photography , but not Mao When looking for undervalued Chinese art as an investment , start with ink and brush paintings made by artists born after the 1970s . "  Contemporary ink paintings are a good buy . Some are very , very affordable , " says Sotheby 's Asian art expert Mee-seen Loong . "  Also Asians have always valued traditional calligraphy . You can find good works from $ 10,000 to $ 1 million . " Errera on the other hand suggests Chinese video art and photography , both offering a small number of good contemporary artists , but with a great potential to grow in value and interest . He also points out that the days of kitsch art with Maoist imagery are over . Contemporary artists , such as Chen Fei , Zhao Zhao , and Li Shurui were born after the Cultural Revolution and do not focus overtly on politics as their predecessors did . "  They are not what you would typically think of as ` Chinese , ' " says Errera . It 's a gamble If you can afford it , entering the market at the higher end will likely bring a larger return on your investment . Errera says it is quite rare not to make a profit on blue chips works that go for more than $ 1 million , like Zhang Daqian or Qi Baishi . Buying more affordable pieces , around the $ 10,000 mark , has the potential for the largest return , but it 's risky . "  Unless you have inside information , it 's like buying a lottery ticket , " says Errera . At the end of the day , do n't be too speculative . "  I would not recommend a client to buy a young artist who suddenly became super famous . It 's too high risk . Prices can fall quickly again . Start with a mid-range artist . It 's more value proof , " says art world lawyer Laurens W. Kasteleijn . Auction dos and do n'ts "  The art market is not very transparent . The secondary art market  auctions  is even less so , " says Errera . Auction first-timers must set a budget and a theme for themselves . After the bidding starts , best sit on your hands when the budgeted price is surpassed . Sotheby 's Loong warns against impulse buying , which she calls "  a serious mistake . " For more experienced buyers though , she recommends being ruthless : "  Spend beyond your means , reach as far as you can get , and always go for the better piece . Otherwise you 'll regret it . " Protect your interests "  The art world has by tradition been based on gentlemen 's agreements , " says Kasteleijn , he founded the company Art Law Services . "  But the market has become more international and includes more money today than before , so it 's important to protect your interests . " At the very least , request a certificate of authenticity when purchasing a work , and have it signed by the artist . If you are buying from a third party or reseller , it is also a good idea to ask for a proof of purchase from the artist , or gallery representing the artist . Keep all e-mail , receipts and details that can prove a legitimate transaction for when you want to resell the art in the future . Sometimes your gut feeling will also tell you when you 're being lured into an unreliable sale . "  For me it 's very important that the gallery manager likes art , " says Kasteleijn . "  If they immediately start talking about art as an investment , it 's a big turn-off . " Golden rule Although everybody interviewed for this article offered different advice , all agreed on this : to make a good art investment you have to enjoy art . "  Do you want the piece of art on your wall ? If not , do n't buy it , " says Kasteleijn . "  It does n't matter if you know much about art or not , you must enjoy it . Otherwise it 's like collecting wine without drinking it . "	New to Chinese art ? Remember the mantra : Research , research , research Blue-chip always pays , so buy high , sell high -- if you can afford it Maoist kitsch is so over , be adventurous and look for new media , video , and photography
CNN  -- I 've never liked the end of summer , with the days already growing shorter , with a handful of trees  in Vermont , where I live  beginning to turn red , with my stomach fluttering as I begin to think about the busyness and complications of the fall . Ever since I was a little boy , I 've thought to myself : Ca n't it stay summer forever ? So what is it , exactly , that seems so wonderful about summer , and makes us so terribly regret its passing ? In a climate where four seasons are sharply distinct , it 's mostly about the long and lazy days when you can get up early , sit under a tree with a mug of coffee to watch the sun rise , or wander into the garden in bare feet . It 's about warm and green-leaved surroundings , and the aura of infinite time . This timelessness may be , of course , an illusion , but there 's no doubt that the pressures of everyday life , in summer , seem less pressing . Even the night takes on a special quality in summer , with the crickets playing on their little musical instruments underneath the bedroom window as breezes push through the screens , offering a form of natural air conditioning . I 've even noticed that in summer dreams seem especially vivid , as if the membrane between sleeping and waking were somehow permeable . It 's not for nothing that we associate summer with childhood , as most children like nothing better than the last minute of the last day of the school year , when the bell rings and they are set free for two or three months , to run wild in the neighborhood , ride bikes , swim , play games . None of that boring stuff , such as reading and writing and arithmetic . Long after our lives are governed by school bells and academic calendars , there is still a feeling of relief when the cold and slantwise rains of spring stop , when we can sit on the steps outside and feel the sun on our faces . In June , the summer stretches before us , tantalizing , full of possibilities . We somehow believe it will continue forever as we walk beside dusty country roads , seeing the corn "  knee high at the Fourth of July . " But the corn grows tall , ripening as the days shorten . August arrives too soon , and time rushes to the brink of autumn -- what Robert Frost in his memorable poem called "  The Ovenbird " refers to as that "  other fall we name the fall . " Is this the Fall of Man that he alludes to in this ominous way ? Frost tells us that the bird frames for us the essential question that everyone faces at the end of summer : "  What to make of a diminished thing ? " Our summer garden , like Eden , ca n't stay put . It 's impossible to sustain the idleness , the hopefulness , the sense of endless options that summer affords , however briefly . We begin to hear the waterfall in the distance as the stream quickens , gliding over the rocks . Too easily we imagine the dying leaves of autumn , the icy winds , a feeling that once again we have entered the stream of life in a big way . Responsibilities begin to weigh . On the other hand , we also like the fall , do n't we ? There 's a quickening of life as we gather our wits and launch again into life , full tilt . The pleasures of autumn , even its melancholy overtones , have also attracted a fair share of poets . But summer is summer , and it 's not easily replaced . As Labor Day arrives , with its last gasp of summery pleasures -- picnics and boat rides , family reunions , a table groaning with the best that gardens can offer -- I ca n't help but wish we were at the beginning , not the end , of this loveliest of seasons . I wish it were May , and that we could all join voices with the anonymous medieval English poet , who famously wrote : "  Summer is a-coming in ! / Loud sing , cuckoo ! " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay Parini .	As Labor Day arrives Jay Parini ca n't help but wish summer were n't ending Parini : What is so wonderful about summer and makes us regret its passing ? He says it 's not for nothing that we associate summer with childhood play Parini : The summer garden , like Eden , makes us feel that life is full of hope and possibilities
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Political powerbroker Tony Rezko , whose links to presidential contender Barack Obama dropped him into the national spotlight this year , was convicted of money laundering , fraud and bribery charges by a federal jury Wednesday . Tony Rezko , left , leaves federal court with his family Tuesday during deliberations in his corruption trial . Rezko -- who has contributed thousands to the campaigns of the Illinois senator and other Democrats -- was accused of demanding kickbacks from companies seeking Illinois state business . He was convicted of 16 of 24 charges , including 12 counts of wire and mail fraud , two counts of aiding and abetting bribery and two counts of money laundering . He was acquitted of attempted extortion . Testimony at Rezko 's trial in federal court brought up ties between Obama and Rezko , with a witness putting Obama at Rezko 's house for a party where the guest of honor was Iraqi-British businessman Nadhmi Auchi . Obama has said he does n't recall ever meeting Auchi , who was convicted of fraud in France . Amid the controversy , Obama acknowledged he had accepted contributions from Rezko and bought a strip of land from Rezko , a Chicago real-estate developer . Obama , who has not been accused of wrongdoing in the case , has vowed to give up the contributions , and called the purchase a mistake . He has already donated to charity at least $ 80,000 in campaign contributions linked to Rezko . Obama won enough delegates Tuesday to clinch the Democratic Party 's nomination for president .	Illinois political power broker Tony Rezko convicted in corruption case Rezko was accused of demanding kickbacks for state business contracts Rezko made contributions to Obama campaign , sold him land
CNN  -- British police were told in March this year that missing girl Madeleine McCann may have been kidnapped by a pedophile ring which followed her three days before her abduction , according to reports . Madeleine McCann went missing in May 2007 after being left at a holiday apartment in the Algarve region . Britain 's Daily Telegraph and The Sun newspapers both reported Thursday that an email released this week as part of the documents compiled by the Portuguese investigators probing Madeleine 's disappearance revealed the connection to the ring . Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared May 3 , 2007 , while she was on holiday with her family at the Portuguese resort of Praia da Luz . Her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide . According to the newspapers , the email was sent on March 4 by a London-based Metropolitan Police intelligence officer to Leicestershire police -- Madeleine 's home county -- who then forwarded it on to investigators in Portugal more than a month later . In the email , which both newspapers printed a copy of , the officer writes that "  intelligence suggests that a pedophile ring in Belgium made an order for a young girl three days before Madeleine McCann was taken . "  Somebody connected to this group saw Maddie , took a photograph of her and sent it to Belgium . The purchaser agreed the girl was suitable and Maddie was taken , " the officer wrote . The Daily Telegraph reported the Portuguese police then asked Interpol to investigate . However , nothing appears to have come of the lead . Watch how Madeleine McCann may have been abducted to order " Belgium has already featured in the case , with a reported sighting on the Dutch/Belgian border last August already discounted . The case files , released by the Portuguese investigators this week after they shelved the investigation for lack of evidence last month , have provided a raft of leads for the media to report . On Tuesday , the documents revealed a previously undisclosed sighting of Madeleine in the Netherlands shortly after her disappearance . The possible sighting of Madeleine in May 2007 stemmed from a report by a Dutch shopkeeper , who told authorities she encountered a little girl in Amsterdam , the Netherlands . She said the child identified herself as Maddie and said she was taken from her mother while on holiday . "  I start to ask where her mommy was , " Anna Stam said . "  She could n't tell me that . I wanted to give her a balloon , but she did n't want that . She only wants her mommy , she said . And she said that these people took her from her mommy . " At one point , authorities had named the girl 's parents , Kate and Gerry McCann , as "  arguidos , " or suspects , along with a British man living in Portugal , Robert Murat . But a spokesman for the Portuguese public prosecutor 's office said authorities found no evidence of involvement by any of the three and were no longer considering them "  arguidos . " After closing the case , police turned their case file -- containing up to 30,000 pages -- over to attorneys and private investigators working for the McCanns . The McCanns have vowed to keep searching for their daughter . .	Portuguese police case file reveal more leads in Madeleine McCann disappearance Email from British police suggests Madeleine taken by pedophile ring Ring followed three-year-old girl before snatching her , reports claim
CNN  -- For Liz McCartney , selection as one of the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 could not have come at a better time . Anderson Cooper will host "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " to air on Thanksgiving at 9 p.m. ET . "  With the recent storms in Texas and southwest Louisiana , we have experienced a sudden drop in volunteers , " said McCartney , whose St. Bernard Project helps Hurricane Katrina survivors rebuild their homes just outside New Orleans , Louisiana . "  While other areas need help , this recognition is letting the American people know that the New Orleans area still matters , " McCartney said . The diverse group of honorees includes a Cambodian activist who offers free schooling to children who work in Phnom Penh 's trash dump ; a Georgia prosthetist-orthotist who provides limbs and braces to hundreds of people in Mexico ; and a Virginia woman who tapes video messages from incarcerated parents for their children . CNN 's Anderson Cooper announced the 10 honorees Thursday on "  American Morning . " "  Our Top 10 CNN Heroes are proof that you do n't need superpowers -- or millions of dollars -- to change the world and even save lives , " Cooper said . Watch Anderson Cooper name the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 " CNN launched its second annual global search for ordinary people accomplishing extraordinary deeds in February . The network has aired weekly CNN Hero profiles of those people , chosen from more than 3,700 nominations submitted by viewers in 75 countries . A panel made up of world leaders and luminaries recognized for their own dedication to public service selected the Top 10 . The Blue Ribbon Panel includes humanitarians such as Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu , Jane Goodall , Kristi Yamaguchi and Deepak Chopra . "  What an incredible group of people and how difficult it was to select only 10 , " said Rabbi Shmuley Boteach , a panel member . Archbishop Tutu added , "  They all deserve to win . Thanks for saluting these remarkable human beings . " Each of this year 's Top 10 CNN Heroes will receive $ 25,000 and will be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " airing from the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood on November 27 . Hosted by Cooper , the Thanksgiving night broadcast will culminate with the announcement of the CNN Hero of the Year , selected by the public in an online poll that began Thursday morning . iReport.com : Tell us about your hero Continuing through November 19 , viewers can log on to CNN.com / Heroes to participate in the poll . The person receiving the most votes will receive an additional $ 100,000 . In alphabetical order , the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 are : Tad Agoglia , Houston , Texas -- Agoglia 's First Response Team provides immediate help to areas hit by natural disasters . In a little over a year , he and his crew have aided thousands of victims at more than 15 sites across the United States , free of charge . Yohannes Gebregeorgis , Addis Ababa , Ethiopia -- Moved by the lack of children 's books and low literacy rates in his native Ethiopia , Gebregeorgis established Ethiopia Reads , bringing free public libraries and literacy programs to thousands of Ethiopian children . Carolyn LeCroy , Norfolk , Virginia -- After serving time in prison , LeCroy started The Messages Project to help children stay connected with their incarcerated parents . She and volunteer camera crews have taped roughly 3,000 messages from inmates to their children . Anne Mahlum , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- On her daily morning jogs , Mahlum used to run past homeless men . Today , she 's helping to transform lives by running with them , and others as part of her "  Back On My Feet " program . Liz McCartney , St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana -- McCartney moved to New Orleans to dedicate herself to helping Hurricane Katrina survivors move back into their homes . Her nonprofit St. Bernard Project has rebuilt the homes of more than 120 families for free . Phymean Noun , Toronto , Ontario -- Growing up in Cambodia , Noun struggled to complete high school . Today , she offers hundreds of Cambodian children who work in Phnom Penh 's trash dump a way out -- through free schooling and job training . David Puckett , Savannah , Georgia -- Puckett started Positive Image Prosthetics and Orthotics Missions -- PIPO -- to provide artificial limbs and braces and care to people in southeastern Mexico . Since November 2000 his mission has helped more than 420 people , free of charge . Maria Ruiz , El Paso , Texas -- Several times a week , Ruiz crosses the border into Juarez , Mexico , to bring food , clothing and toys to hundreds of impoverished children and their families . Marie Da Silva , Los Angeles , California -- Having lost 14 family members to AIDS , the Los Angeles nanny funds a school in her native Malawi -- where half a million children have been orphaned by the disease . Viola Vaughn , Kaolack , Senegal -- The Detroit , Michigan , native moved to Senegal to retire . Instead , a group of failing schoolchildren asked her to help them pass their classes . Today , her "  10,000 Girls " program is helping hundreds of girls succeed in school and run their own businesses . "  It is very rewarding to be able to honor these amazing , often unheralded individuals who are making a tremendous difference in their communities and beyond , " Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide , said . "  These stories of selfless achievement deserve to be told , and our multiple platforms around the world allow us to do that . "	The public will select "  Hero of the Year " in an online poll at CNN.com / Heroes Distinguished panel of world leaders and luminaries chose Top 10 finalists "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " to be hosted by Anderson Cooper To air Thanksgiving , November 27 , 9 p.m. ET  November 28 , 0200 GMT
CNN  -- For most Americans , mosquitoes are pests whose bites leave behind itchy bumps . But in other parts of the world , mosquitoes carry a disease called malaria that kills more than a million people each year . Mosquitoes , especially those in Sub-Saharan Africa , may transmit malaria to humans . A new malaria vaccine that 's about to begin human clinical trials is dependent on mosquitoes -- a whole lot of them . Bioengineers have been growing millions of mosquitoes in a sterile environment , letting them feed on malaria-infected blood , irradiating the bugs , extracting the disease-causing parasites and storing them for use in vaccines . The announcement of the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for clinical trials comes just days before World Malaria Day , which is Saturday . Check out the World Health Organization 's site about malaria goals worldwide The vaccine is unique among other candidates in that it uses the entire parasite and not just parts of it , said Dr. Stephen Hoffman , chief executive and scientific officer at Sanaria Inc. , the Maryland-based biotechnology firm developing the vaccine . This technique was first shown to be effective in the 1970s , but the technology did n't exist to mass-produce it for the millions of people who need it , said Dr. Kirsten Lyke , principal investigator in the clinical trial site at the University of Maryland School of Medicine . At that time , people were immunized by being bitten by the irradiated mosquitoes . "  That is the only effective vaccine that anyone has ever really developed that works and does complete protection , " said John Dame , chair of Infectious Diseases and Pathology at the University of Florida , who is not involved with the Sanaria trials . The vaccine takes the same basic approach as standard vaccines in use for diseases such as measles and polio . In those vaccines against viruses , weakened bacteria is injected , creating an immune response without causing illness . In the Sanaria vaccine , the body recognizes the malaria parasite as a foreign material , Lyke said . It goes to the liver , where a lot of the immune response is generated , but does not develop into a disease because the mosquito was irradiated , she said . Clinical trials will begin in May , Hoffman said , and will include 80 immunized individuals and 24 controls . About 3,000 mosquitoes were used to produce the vaccines for the first clinical trials , he said . If these trials are successful , researchers will initiate trials on adults in Africa , and then children . Among other vaccines in clinical trials currently , the one that is furthest along is RTS , S , developed by GlaxoSmithKline PLC. . The company announced in December that this vaccine , based on a recombinant protein that uses part of the malaria parasite , was safely administered to African infants , with an efficacy of 65 percent in a three-month follow-up . Both the Sanaria and the GlaxoSmithKline projects receive support from the PATH Malaria Vaccine Initiative , a program at the nonprofit PATH established through an initial grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . Dame , who used to be involved with the GlaxoSmithKline vaccine , said he would guess the Sanaria vaccine will be more effective , but clinical trials will provide more information . He also noted that mass distribution to developing countries would require appropriate infrastructure , and may be more difficult depending on how long the immunization lasts . Each year , 350 million to 500 million cases of malaria occur worldwide , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Most people who die from the disease are young children in Africa south of the Sahara . Symptoms of malaria include fever , chills and flu-like illness , the CDC said . Although preventive measures exist , such as insecticide-treated nets and medications , there is no licensed vaccine on the market . Moreover , effective treatments are largely too expensive for the people who need them in poor countries . The parasite has become resistant to cheaper treatments , Lyke said . "  Individuals living on $ 1 or $ 2 a day ca n't even afford $ 8 medication , " Lyke said . The U.S. military also has a keen interest in a malaria vaccine . The antimalaria drugs available have side effects such as stomach aches , said Dr. Tom Richie , director of the Navy component of the U.S. military malaria vaccine program , who provides oversight to the clinical trials . "  Malaria has been one of the most significant infectious threats to our military personnel when we deploy to tropical areas , " Richie said . The disease was the leading cause of casualties in the South Pacific theater during World War II , and also a major problem in the Vietnam War , he said . There are five species of the malaria parasite known to infect humans . One called Plasmodium falciparum causes the vast majority of cases . Malaria was eliminated in the United States in 1951 , but there are still cases in the country , mostly from people who acquired it in high-risk countries . In 2002 , there were 1,337 cases of malaria in the U.S. , and all but five had been acquired abroad . An international team at the Malaria Atlas Project recently published what researchers say is the most comprehensive map ever illustrating global malaria risk . Researchers told CNN the map offers hope that it is possible to eradicate the disease in many parts of the world . Hoffman , former head of a U.S. Navy malaria vaccine team , started the Sanaria effort himself in the breakfast room of his house in 2003 . The company now has a more official corporate headquarters in Rockville , Maryland . "  I thought that the world needed a malaria vaccine , there was no question this was the best way to make one , " he said .	Sanaria Inc. is developing a malaria vaccine that uses the whole parasite Concept is akin to live virus vaccines , such as those for polio and measles The method had been tried in the 1970s but was n't feasible on mass scale The most advanced malaria vaccine , by GlaxoSmithKline , has been tested in Africa
CNN  -- The man arrested for the videotaped rape of a toddler in Las Vegas , Nevada , will make his initial appearance in court Friday , a Clark County , Nevada , court official told CNN Tuesday . Authorities have not yet decided if Chester Arthur Stiles will appear in person or via video link . The judge will set a date for the arraignment at that hearing . Stiles , 37 , was taken into custody Monday night after a Henderson , Nevada , police officer pulled over the white Buick Century he was driving . A former girlfriend of Stiles ' said that , before the arrest , she lived in fear after going to police to identify the suspect after seeing enhanced photos from the videotape on the local news . "  I 've had my share of nightmares , " Elaine Thomas told CNN 's Nancy Grace . Thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a "  weapons enthusiast " with only a minor criminal record . Watch Thomas say how she felt when she saw the photos " "  How could I not tell them who that man was ? That little girl suffered unimaginable things , and I knew for a fact it was him , " Thomas said . The judge in the case will hold an administrative hearing Wednesday , but Stiles will not be present , Clark County court spokesman Michael Sommermeyer said . Stiles was already being sought on an unrelated 2004 charge of felony lewdness with a child under 14 , Sommermeyer said , adding that authorities amended that earlier filing on October 4 to include 20 counts related to the videotaped rape , including sexual assault and attempted sexual assault . Jerry T. Donohue , the attorney for the girl 's mother , told CNN that the child on the videotape was younger than 3 when the abuse occurred . Henderson Police Officer Mike Dye said he pulled over Stiles ' car Monday night because it did not have a license plate and became suspicious when the driver gave him an expired California driver 's license with a photo that did not look like him . Dye said he and another officer , Mike Gower , questioned Stiles until he admitted his identity . "  He finally told us , ` Hey , I 'm Chester Stiles . I 'm the guy you 're looking for , ' " Dye said . "  At that time , he said , ` I 'm sick of running . ' " Dye said Stiles was calm and cooperative . Stiles , a resident of Pahrump , Nevada , was turned over to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police and booked into the jail in Clark County , where he had been sought in connection with the videotape , which shows a girl being sexually assaulted . The girl , who is now 7 , was found last month after a nationwide search . The tape was given to authorities by Darren Tuck , who told police he had found it in the desert five months before handing it over . Because of the delay , during which Tuck allegedly showed the tape to others , he faces charges of exhibiting pornography and possession of child pornography . He turned himself in to authorities in Nye County , Nevada , earlier this month . Professionals have evaluated the girl in the videotape since she was found , and she appears to be "  healthy and fine and happy , " her mother 's attorney said this month . The mother had not known her daughter had ever been victimized and was apparently oblivious to efforts to find her until late last month , Donohue said . "  A family friend called her and said , ` My God , you need to turn on the TV . I believe that is your daughter , ' " Donohue said . Donohue said the mother recognized Stiles , a former animal trainer . The alleged abuse most likely occurred while the mother -- a single woman working six days a week -- was at work , Donohue said . Another former girlfriend of Stiles ' , Tina Allen , said this month she thinks she is the reason Stiles came in contact with the girl and is "  mortified " by the allegations against him . "  He said he 'd been in the Navy and , you know , I was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what I thought they needed to be , " Allen said . Allen said she took Stiles to a crowded apartment where her son and daughter lived . Also living in the apartment were a family friend and her daughter , the alleged assault victim . Todd Allen , Tina Allen 's son , said he recognized his old apartment from scenes in the video . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect 's ex-girlfriend : "  I 've had my share of nightmares " Chester Arthur Stiles to make his initial court appearance Friday Stiles , 37 , arrested following a routine traffic stop Suspect said "  I 'm Chester Stiles . ... I 'm sick of running , " according to officer
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An explosion outside the home of Afghanistan 's former vice president killed at least eight people Tuesday , government officials have said . The explosion was near the Kabul residence of former vice-president Ahmad Zia Massoud , Afghan President Hamid Karzai told reporters . Massoud was not harmed in the attack . Among those killed were one of Massoud 's guards and an assistant , the former vice president 's aide said . Forty others were wounded in the blast . The explosion broke windows in a hotel a few blocks away . Tuesday morning 's explosion occurred as the Afghan president was at a nearby anti-corruption convention . Karzai issued a statement condemning the attack , calling it inhumane and cowardly . The president called for a full scale investigation . Massoud is a notable figure in Afghan politics . Not only was he a vice president of the county under Karzai , but his brother the late Ahmed Shah Massoud was heralded as a leader in the fight against the Taliban . Ahmed Shah Massoud , the leader of the Northern Alliance , the Taliban 's main opposition , was killed September 9 , 2001 , by a bomb inside a video camera during an interview at his headquarters with Tunisian al Qaeda operatives posing as journalists . Meanwhile the International Committee of the Red Cross visited three Afghan security forces being held captive by the Taliban for the first time , the agency said Tuesday . The two visits occurred in late November in Badghis province in northwestern Afghanistan , the agency said . "  This is the first time since the beginning of the current conflict that the ICRC has visited people detained by the armed opposition , " said Reto Stocker , head of the ICRC 's delegation in Kabul . "  We plan to conduct and repeat visits in other regions , and hope to visit people held by other armed opposition groups , with the aim of ensuring that everyone detained in relation to the armed conflict is treated humanely . " The ICRC says it regularly visits detained people in conflict zones to assess their conditions and treatment . The agency say it currently currently visits 136 places of detention in Afghanistan . -- CNN 's Tim Schwarz and Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report	Dead included one of former Afghan VP 's guards and an assistant Blast hit as Afghan President Hamid Karzai at nearby anti-corruption convention Former Vice President Ahmad Zia Massoud not harmed in the attack Red Cross says it visited three captives of the Taliban in November
Washington  CNN  -- Soldiers placed small American flags at the graves of more than 260,000 service members in Arlington National Cemetery on Thursday ahead of the Memorial Day weekend . The United States Army 's 3rd U.S. Infantry Regiment has maintained the tradition , known as "  Flags-In , " at the cemetery since 1948 . The regiment , also known as the "  Old Guard , " sent every available soldier to cover the 624 acre military cemetery , according to the Army . Arlington National Cemetery is located in Northern Virginia across the Potomac River from the nation 's capital . Flags were also placed at the Tomb of the Unknowns by the Tomb Sentinels , and at the cemetery 's Columbarium . The flags will be removed after Memorial Day .	The flag-placing tradition dates from 1948 Every available soldier from the U.S. Army 's 3rd Infantry Regiment takes part A small U.S. flag is planted at the graves of service members in the cemetery
We leave genetic traces of ourselves wherever we go -- in a strand of hair left on the subway or in saliva on the side of a glass at a cafe . So you may want to think twice the next time you spit out your gum or drop a cigarette butt in public . New York artist Heather Dewey-Hagborg might pick it up , extract the DNA and create a 3-D face that could look like you . Her project , "  Stranger Visions , " fashions portrait sculptures from bits of genetic material collected in public places . "  The idea for the project came from this fascination with a single hair , " Dewey-Hagborg told CNN . "  This turned into a research project for me exploring exactly what I could discover about someone from an artifact they left behind . " As it turns out , she could discover a whole lot . Her process starts with finding a sample in a public place -- a strand of hair , a cigarette butt or a chewed piece of gum -- anything that might contain cells from a person 's body . "  You want something that is relatively fresh , " she said . "  Nothing that has been stepped on or that looks like it 's been sitting around for ages . " Dewey-Hagborg takes the sample to a community biotechnology lab in Brooklyn called Genspace . There she uses a standard DNA extraction protocol to mine the DNA , purify it and use it in polymerase chain reactions . The technical process is outlined on her blog . "  From a cigarette butt , I can learn where someone 's ancestors likely came from , their gender , eye color , hair color , complexion , freckles , their tendency to be overweight and a handful of dimensions of the face as well with a certain likelihood , " she said . Once she obtains the sequencing information , she takes the traits she 's gathered from the individual 's DNA and feeds it into a computer program to generate a 3-D model of a face . "  The way that I use code is a lot like how a sketch artist would use a pencil , " she said . "  I 'll take the code , and then I 'll generate different versions of a face . I 'll use the code to enhance certain facial features or decrease them based on what I find in the DNA . " It takes about eight hours to print one of Dewey-Hagborg 's faces in 3-D at NYU 's Advanced Media Studio . Once it 's printed in what looks like a block of powder , the face is dug out , baked and hardened with a superglue-like substance . But there are limitations . The faces are not exact replicas of the stranger who left the DNA behind . Dewey-Hagborg considers it more of a family resemblance . "  It 's important to understand that these portraits are a general likeness . They 're not exact reconstructions , " she said . "  They 'll have things in common with the person , but they wo n't look exactly like the person . " She is also unable to determine ages from the DNA samples . So all of her faces look around 30 . Dewey-Hagborg started the "  Stranger Visions " project with her own self-portrait about two years ago . "  Even though I was the one developing the code and training the system , I was n't really sure how much it would end up looking like me , " she said . "  I was particularly impressed with how much the overall facial shape resembled me . " Reaction to the project has been mostly positive , although some observers feel her work raises thorny ethical questions . "  This is very creepy , " wrote a commenter on a Smithsonian blog post . "  We need to pursue our privacy post haste , if this is what is available to the public . " Dewey-Hagborg said she understands that some people could be put off by the portraits or consider them an intrusion of privacy . But that 's also the point . She wants her work to raise questions about genetic surveillance and privacy issues . "  If people find it to be a little creepy , that 's OK , " she said . "  It 's meant to make you aware of these issues and make you aware that this is possible . " After all , "  Stranger Visions " is an art project . And most conceptual art produces more questions than answers . "  It 's meant to be an exploration at the intersection of art and technology and science , " she said . "  And it 's meant to be a provocation . "	Heather Dewey-Hagborg extracts DNA from material and turns that into 3-D faces Her project , "  Stranger Visions , " fashions the DNA into portrait sculptures "  From a cigarette butt , I can learn where someone 's ancestors likely came from ... " she says
CNN  -- It is the life blood for tens of millions of people -- but the mighty Mekong River in southeast Asia is now facing a "  devastating " threat from not one , but 11 proposed dams . Irrawaddy dolphins as seen in Cambodia 's Mekong River in November 2007 A group of NGOs has come together to issue the stark warning , claiming if the plans go ahead for hydroelectric projects in Laos , Cambodia and Thailand , that people , animals and the environment will all suffer irreparably . Under the banner "  Save the Mekong " campaigners are hoping to pressure regional governments to shelve the plans , which are being put forward by private companies from Malaysia , Thailand , Vietnam and Russia . Carl Middleton , from the environmental group International Rivers , told CNN : "  These dams , if built , would block the major fish migrations that feed the entire region " adding "  the Mekong fisheries feed the Mekong people they provide between half and four fifths of the animal protein that people eat here and up to 90 percent of rural communities are involved in fishing activity . " "  Globally the Mekong River basin is the largest inshore fishery in the world . It contributes about 2 percent of the global fish catch . " The Mekong is almost 5,000 kilometers long stretching from the Tibetan plateau , through southern China , and then along the border of Myanmar , Laos Thailand , through Cambodia to Vietnam . "  Even one dam across of the river would be devastating because what we are talking about is 70 percent of the commercial fish catch migrates over long distances . So therefore if you build a project on the lower part of the river it does n't matter if you build 11 or one because if you ca n't get past the first dam then it ca n't get past the second either . " The campaign launch coincides with a warning from the World Wildlife Fund  WWF  which says that the endangered Irrawady dolphin , also found on a stretch of the Mekong , is at risk of extinction from pollution . The small freshwater dolphins , distinguished by their round heads and short dorsal fins , are already listed as a threatened species , the WWF said in a report . But analysis of recent dolphin deaths shows their immune systems are suffering because of contaminants in the river , which flows through Cambodia and into southern Laos . "  These pollutants are widely distributed in the environment and so the source of this pollution may involve several countries through which the Mekong River flows , " said Verne Dove , a veterinarian with WWF Cambodia who authored the report . "  WWF Cambodia is currently investigating the source of the environmental contaminants . " The Mekong River Irrawaddy dolphin population inhabits a 190-kilometer  118-mile  stretch of the Mekong River between Cambodia and Laos , the WWF said . Since 2003 , the population has suffered 88 deaths , more than 60 percent of which were calves less than 2 weeks old , the WWF said . Only an estimated 64 to 76 dolphins are in the river , the group said . The Mekong is also home to 1,200 fish species -- approximately 50 of which are caught commercially . Scientists say the river has the second highest concentration of aquatic animals in the world , after the Amazon . But governments in the region are desperate for sources of cheap , reliable power and the Mekong is attractive as a greener alternative to coal fired power stations . In 1995 Thailand , Vietnam , Laos and Cambodia formed the Mekong River Commission , an intergovernmental body tasked with overseeing "  sustainable " development along the river . China and Myanmar  formerly Burma  are "  dialogue partners " but that has n't stopped China already building three dams in its section of the Mekong -- a further two are also under construction . The proposed 11 new dams are China , Laos/Thai border and Cambodia and would for the first time interrupt the flow of the lower Mekong , according to campaigners . One of the eleven projects at Don Sahong in northern Cambodia could be complete perhaps as early as 2013 , according to Carl Middleton , with others following after that . The "  Save the Mekong " group has handed a petition of 16,380 signatures to the Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva calling on him and other regional leaders to act to save "  this critical source of food and income for millions of us . "	Mekong River in southeast Asia faces "  devastating " threat from 11 proposed dams Irrawaddy dolphins ' immune systems suffer due to contaminants in the river Its population numbers between 64 and 76 ; their habitat is the Mekong
CNN  -- The world 's coral reefs are under threat . Overfishing , unsustainable tourism , coastal development , pollution , the global aquarium trade and climate change are having a devastating effect on these fragile ecosystems , according to the International Coral Reef Initiative . In Mexico and across the world , the fragile ecosystems of coral reefs are under threat from human activity . The group has designated 2008 as International Year of the Reef in a bid to publicize the reefs ' precarious predicament . Meanwhile fellow conservation group , Nature Conservancy , warns that if destruction continues at its current rate , 70 percent of the world 's coral reefs will have disappeared within 50 years . A report released in January by the World Conservation Union concluded that hurricanes and rising sea temperatures in 2005 -- the hottest year since records began -- caused large-scale examples coral bleaching , in which corals lose the essential algae that coat their surfaces , devastating more than half of the Caribbean 's reefs . But human activity at ground level is having an equally damaging effect , says Paul Sanchez-Navarro , Director of Centro Ecologico Akumal , an organization that monitors the impact of development on the reefs that thrive off the coast of Mexico 's Quintana Roo province . Pollution spilled into the sea by the thousands of hotels on the Mexican Riviera is "  stressing " the coral reefs . "  There are a lot of nutrients going into the ground water caused by treated water from the hotels and municipal waste water treatment plants , " he explains . "  They inject the water into the ground and that makes its way into the aquifer ... We 've found way too many nutrients -- nitrates and phosphates -- and that comes from human waste , mostly urine . " The result , says Sanchez-Navarro , is increased algae growth that effectively suffocates the coral , impeding its growth . The reefs off Quintana Roo form part of the Meso American Barrier Reef which stretches over 1000 kilometers from Mexico as far the Bay Islands of Honduras , making it the second longest barrier reef in the world . The barrier reef supports more than 60 species of coral , 350 types of mollusc and over 500 species of fish . Reef-building coral has existed for 25,000 years and creates complex ecosytems which rely on a delicate balance of external pressures to survive . They thrive in water temperature of 23 to 25 degrees celcius and are usually found at depths of less than 25cm from the surface where sunlight can penetrate . While coral reefs in other parts of the Caribbean have suffered from coral bleaching caused by rising sea temperatures , Mexico 's reefs have largely escaped this partly due to the hurricanes that have battered this coastline in recent years . These cool the water down in their wake but damage the reefs in other ways : the World Conservation 's report , "  Corals -- facing the death sentence " , found that 2005 's Hurricane Wilma and Hurricane Emily decreased coral cover from 24 percent to 10 percent in the reefs off Mexico 's Cozumel . An occasional storm can actually have a beneficial effect on coral reefs , says Sanchez-Navarro , because the turbulence allows the coral to break off and spread . But the coral needs time to recover and the increase in category four and five storms , which some scientists believe is caused by climate change and rising sea temperatures , allows no time for this . "  The difficulty now with climate change is that if we are going to have big storms every year then the coral does n't have a chance to recover , " says Sanchez-Navarro . "  Normally you would have a big storm every five to ten years . The storm breaks up the coral but if the coral is healthy it starts to grow again and actually a hurricane every ten years is not bad because it disperses the coral in more places and then it grows up more . " While the damage from pollution and hurricanes is having a devastating effect on the Mesoamerican barrier reef and the hundreds of species which depend on it for food and shelter , eventually it will also have a human cost . An estimated one million people rely on the reef for employment and a source of income . The white sands that have made this stretch of tropical paradise so popular with tourists are generated by the breakdown over thousands of years of coral and the calcium it produces . Eventually no coral will mean no white beaches . Sanchez-Navarro believes the depletion of Quintana Roo 's reefs is already affecting the local fishing industry . Around the world ten percent of all fish caught originate from reefs . "  We 'll probably see reduced fish stocks because there is less areas for them to take refuge in , " he says . "  We do n't have numbers for them but we have observations made by divers who have been coming here for years who have noticed over time the depletion . " Coral reefs also provide essential protection from storms , acting as a buffer that prevents coastlines from feeling the full force of a storm surge . "  At the bottom of the hurricane you have a lot of motion going on in the water itself , it 's not only above water , " explains Sanchez-Navarro . "  This momentum that comes from the storm usually has this big surge but it hits the reef first and it changes the dynamic of the waves . Coral reefs drop the intensity of the storm significantly : the surge can become 75 percent less . " Sanchez-Navarro does not think that tourism in itself is necessarily damaging to the region 's coral reefs . Snorkeling and sub aqua can cause physical damage to the reef if divers stand on the reef or anchors from boats are dropped in the wrong place . But with co-operation with the local dive schools he believes bad practice can be cut out . The main threat remains the expansion of unsustainable hotels and the dumping of untreated pollution into the sea , he says . "  The biggest challenge here is defining what is sustainability for the region because there 's so much investment , especially from Spain -- Spanish investment has bought up virtually the entire coast -- and they do n't seem to be required to obey the law . "  They can cut down mangrove when they want -- they actually pressured the federal government to change the mangrove law because they bought up all this mangrove and they want to cut it down and drain it and fill it up with hotels . " E-mail to a friend	Conservationists predict 70 percent of all coral reefs will go within 50 years Mexico 's Meso American Barrier Reef stretches over 1000 kilometers The reef is at risk from overfishing , unsustainable tourism and pollution An increase in storms , blamed on climate change , is also harming the coral
CNN  -- The two young women were as different as could be when they met in a small farming village outside Uganda 's capital in 2004 . Orphans perform at the opening ceremony for their new home in Mutungo , Uganda . Brittany Merrill was a 19-year-old Southern Methodist University broadcast journalism student from an affluent family in suburban Atlanta , Georgia . She was teaching literature in Uganda for the summer when she decided to visit Mutungo , a crowded shantytown of mud huts and wooden shacks , where children in torn clothes ran around in bare feet , and people lingered in the noisy streets to avoid the oppressive heat inside their homes . At 22 years old , Sarah Kamara felt God had called on her to take in homeless children begging on Mutungo 's streets . In addition to her own daughter , Kamara was caring for 23 children in her one-room home . Some were AIDS orphans , others had been abandoned by families who had too many children . But Kamara took them in , alienating herself from neighbors , relatives and her husband , who briefly separated from her in protest . Despite Kamara 's broken English and Merrill 's culture shock , the two found common ground in their compassion for the children , whose zeal for life was unmitigated by the poverty , disease and death that had brought them to Kamara 's home . "  They taught me about what is meaningful in this world and gave me purpose , " Merrill said of the children . "  Their love and faith has challenged my heart . They shook me out of my complacency . " Merrill left Uganda determined to help Kamara realize her dream of opening a full-fledged orphan home , where sets of "  mamas " and "  uncles " would care for children in separate living spaces , nurturing their emotional , physical and spiritual needs . Four years and roughly $ 800,000 later , the two brought their vision to life with the opening of the Ranch on Jesus Orphanage in March . The home , which will accommodate 180 orphans at capacity , is named after the nonprofit ministry that Kamara and her husband , Theophilius , started after they met Merrill in 2004 . Local dignitaries and the orphans ' relatives , who could n't afford to care for them , attended the opening . It was a rousing celebration of song and dance , ceremonial ribbon-cuttings and speeches that highlighted how cultural barriers crumbled before the wills of the two women . See images from the opening ceremony " "  Here in Africa , ladies do n't do such big , big things , " Kamara said after the ceremony . "  I 'm a young lady , and Brittany is also a young lady , but the Lord has used us in a great , great way . " After Merrill 's first trip to Uganda , she knew her life 's path had been irrevocably altered . She started using her free time to take classes in nonprofit management at SMU and read up on fundraising before securing a loan from her father to buy property for the orphanage . She expanded upon her vision in her senior year , forgoing a social life so she could draw up facility plans and file paperwork for a nonprofit . "  My friends thought I had fallen off the face of the Earth , " she said . She also began fundraising in earnest , sharing her vision with family and friends at fundraising dinners in Atlanta and Dallas , Texas , and relying on word of mouth to expand her pool of donors . By the end of 2005 , she had put her vision on paper with the creation of the Ugandan Children 's Orphanage Fund . After graduation , her dream of becoming a journalist was replaced by new goals . As her friends started marrying and taking jobs stateside , Merrill was visiting Uganda with greater frequency , bringing along more recent graduates from the United States each time . "  I 'd never been involved in community service , never planned on being in Africa , this was n't my plan for my life , so to watch my own heart change to learn to love people who are different from me in every possible way , that 's something that has really changed me and the way I see the world , and my role in the world in the context of others , " she said . Merrill 's dedication to Uganda grew as the Mutungo Orphanage Project made headway , first with the construction of a temporary orphanage , and then with the groundbreaking in 2007 of a facility consisting of family-style apartments for the children and caregivers . Meanwhile , the Kamaras founded Ranch on Jesus Ministries , a nonprofit that runs the orphanage and a nearby school serving children from the orphanage and others from Mutungo . As Merrill 's relationship with the community grew , so did her ambitions for development projects in the region . By the time she moved to Uganda in 2007 , the Ugandan Children 's Orphanage Fund had become the Ugandan American Partnership Organization , and the foundation had started two more projects with the help of Ugandan entrepreneurs and community leaders and more fundraising on the part of Merrill and board members in Dallas , Atlanta and Birmingham , Alabama . "  When our relationships are bad , the projects suffer . When our relationships are strong , our projects thrive , they do n't feel forced , " Merrill said . "  To me , it 's really amazing to see how some of the most beautiful and bountiful relationships come out of transcending race , culture and economic status . " So far , the Amaazi Project has successfully drilled six water wells in rural villages in Eastern and Northern Uganda , providing more than 3,000 villagers with clean water . The Akola Project has grown into a crafts cooperative in a village of the same name . The cooperative provides more than 100 widows with an additional source of income through making jewelry . Merrill credits her youthful inexperience with helping the organization succeed . "  I think that because we were so young , we started with a blank slate and we did n't think we knew the answers . We learned to listen , we came in with open ears and an open heart and listened to the people in the community about their ideas for development , " Merrill said . "  Because of that , we 've been successful with developing projects and forming strong relationships with people we work with . "	Orphanage starts with 23 children in Sarah Kamara 's ramshackle home American college student Brittany Merrill raises funds to build bigger orphan home Vision for orphan home grows out of meeting between the two women in 2004 Ranch on Jesus Orphanage will house 180 orphans in Mutungo at capacity
CNN  -- It 's been building for months . And now , according to some , Russia has launched a "  full-scale invasion " of Ukraine . U.S. officials say Russian troops were directly involved in the latest fighting , alongside pro-Russian rebels . "  Russia is responsible for the violence in eastern Ukraine . The violence is encouraged by Russia . The separatists are trained by Russia ; they are armed by Russia ; they are funded by Russia , " President Barack Obama told reporters Thursday . Moscow , meanwhile , has said it would do everything possible to protect ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine , but denies direct involvement in the fighting . It says the United States must stop interfering . A Russian senator and the deputy head of the Committee on Defense and Security in Russia 's upper house of Parliament , Evgeny Serebrennikov , dismissed reports of a Russian incursion as patently untrue . "  We 've heard many statements from the government of Ukraine , which turned out to be a lie . What we can see now is just another lie , " he told the Russian state news agency RIA Novosti . As the stakes seem higher than ever in Ukraine , what does this latest development -- a significant one , most believe -- mean ? CNN.com breaks down some basics : How did we get here ? Last December , then-President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych backed out of a trade agreement long in the works with the European Union and chose to take a $ 15 billion loan from Russia for his economically hurting nation . That move angered many Ukrainians who wanted their country to move more in line with the EU , and who also saw their president as a corrupt politician who 'd done little to help the nation 's limping economy , experts say . Protests broke out in the streets of Ukraine 's capital , Kiev . Shortly afterwards Yanukovych lost power , and Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered military exercises in Russia , just across Ukraine 's border . Before February was over , armed men had seized regional parliament and government buildings in Crimea , a peninsula in southern Ukraine Russian whose population is mostly ethnic Russian . In March , Russian troops annexed Crimea . At one point , a security camera at Ukrainian military base captured a bizarre sight -- a Russian armored personnel carrier busting through a base gate . Since then , fighting between Ukraine 's military and pro-Russia rebels has continued to rage in eastern Ukraine . Why does Russia care so much what happens in Ukraine ? There are strong cultural and historical ties between Ukraine and Russia . More than 100 years ago , Ukraine was part of imperial Russia . In March , Putin gave a speech at the Kremlin in which he said Russia planned to "  welcome back " Crimea . "  Crimea has always been an inseparable part of Russia , " he said . A New Yorker piece by journalist George Packer argues that Russia will "  risk almost anything " to keep Crimea while the United States and Europe have minimal interests there and wo n't expend the risk to reverse the annexation . A former ambassador to Ukraine explained in June to Congress why the United States should care about the nation , ranging from the fact that it 's been a solid international partner on nuclear issues and in the war in Iraq . Steven Pifer said that the "  illegal seizure of Crimea is the most blatant land-grab that Europe has seen since 1945 . " If Europe and the United States do n't adequately respond , "  the danger is that Mr. Putin may pursue other actions that would further threaten European security and stability , " he said . What has the West done , what can it do ? The West can always do something . But what is realistic and practical ? Most experts believe that answers are diplomacy and sanctions . Charles Kupchan , a professor of international affairs at Georgetown University , says the United States and allies can keep trying to isolate Russia diplomatically -- prohibit Russian leaders from attending major summits or temporarily halt trade talks , for example . "  The dialogue should continue , " Kupchan said , on a conference call initiated by the Council on Foreign Relations . "  We have to look at this crisis with a certain amount of sobriety , in the sense that we still need Russian cooperation , if we can get it , on a lot of issues . " Keeping communication open with Russia is important to help deal with situations that are n't directly related to Ukraine -- nuclear talks with Iran , the continuing crisis in Syria , energy supplies and prices in the region and the Afghanistan war . What 's going on with sanctions the United States previously imposed on Russia ? Back in March , interim Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said that he was afraid diplomatic pressure is n't enough . So far the United States and allies have relied largely on sanctions to punish and influence Russia . Sanctions have been imposed on major Russian banks making it hard for those institutions to provide new medium and long-term financing in the United States , senior administration officials have said . Obama imposes new sanctions on Russia over Ukraine There have also been sanctions that sought to freeze any U.S. assets in Russia and prohibit American business contacts for eight Russian arms companies that make weapons . Some of those arms are the type being used by the pro-Russians separatists in Ukraine . Specific Russian government officials have also been the targets of sanctions . Russia sanctions : West 's top 15 targets But global economist Robert Kahn , of the Council on Foreign Relations , told CNN Thursday that sanctions can cut both ways . When sanctions were stepped up after Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 was downed in Ukraine -- a tragedy the West blamed on Russia-backed separatists  a charge Russia has denied  , Putin attempted to retaliate by banning food and agricultural imports from countries such as the United States , Norway , Canada and Australia . The ban was enacted to help ensure "  the security of the Russian Federation . " Russia is Europe 's largest importer in value of animals , meat , dairy products , fruits and vegetables , according to the European Union . That forced the EU to pay for temporary storage of butter , skim milk powder and some cheese to help farmers who would be take an economic hit . Kahn said sanctions can work but the ones currently imposed are engineered to produce long-term results . Sanctions are n't moving , he said , at the pace that matches Putin 's actions . What about military options ? President Obama has reiterated that Russia 's military moves in Crimea violated international law . It 's a line the administration has often said -- that no nation can send troops into another country without provocation . While the rhetoric has been hard , it definitely does not mean military might in the force of America 's own troops will ever be on the table . Using military force to undo Russia 's military control in Crimea is "  out of the question , " Kupchan said . "  I do n't think anybody believes that it is of significant enough interest " to bring in NATO or U.S. forces . Even Ukraine 's leadership has said military might is a mistake . In March , interim Prime Minister Yatsenyuk told CNN that military force "  is the way to nowhere . " Retired U.S. Army Col. Peter Mansoor , who served as Gen. David Petraeus ' executive officer in Iraq from February 2007 to May 2008 , told CNN on Thursday the United States can "  send a message to Russia that their conduct is unacceptable without sparking a war " with Russia . What could happen next ? Col. Mansoor said he was surprised by recent incursions in Ukraine . "  For a while this summer it seemed that Russia was backing off , " he said . It 's possible that Putin recognized gains Ukrainian government security forces made in August against the pro-Russian militias . A U.S. official told CNN on Thursday that intelligence suggests that up to 1,000 Russian troops have moved into southern Ukraine with heavy weapons and are fighting . Satellite imagery , both commercial and from NATO , purportedly support that . Kahn said he thinks what 's happening now could go on for some time -- a stalemate . The United States could ramp up equipping Ukrainian armed forces to fight the pro-Russian separatists and the United States could also station troops in Baltic states and in Poland which borders Ukraine . The Poles would be receptive to that , he said , and doing that would "  reassure our allies that we could defend them . " There could be more sanctions , too . But any moves made must be strong , experts agreed . Putin must be made to understand "  his actions are not increasing Russia power , " Mansoor said , "  but actually bringing U.S. power closer to Russia . " Because , right now , what 's happening in Ukraine Thursday "  shows that Putin 's desires in that region have not yet been satisfied , " Mansoor said , "  and he 's willing to risk further sanctions and further war . "	The United States and allies blame Russia for the violence Moscow denies direct involvement in the fighting Diplomacy and sanctions must play a role , experts say
CNN  -- Former champion Angel Cabrera and America 's Brandt Snedeker are tied for the lead after the third round of the Masters at Augusta National Golf Club . The 2009 champion from Argentina and Snedeker , who tied for third at Augusta in 2008 , both shot three-under par rounds of 69 to finish on seven under par , one shot ahead of Australia 's Adam Scott , who also shot 69 on Saturday . After a steady 16 holes , overnight leader Jason Day finished with two bogeys to slip back into a tie for fourth alongside another Australian Marc Leishman  72  with America 's Matt Kuchar one shot further back after posting a 69 earlier in the day . Despite not having a spectacular day on the course , Tiger Woods still managed to grab the majority of the headlines . The world No. 1 finished on three-under par , four shots off the lead , but began his day not knowing whether he 'd be competing at all over the weekend following a rule violation at the par five 15th during Friday 's second round . Speculation mounted on Saturday morning that Woods might be disqualified for taking a drop in the wrong place after his ball had ricocheted off the flagstick on 15th green and back into the water hazard at the front . But having sought an explanation from Woods , the Augusta National rules committee , who described him as "  very forthright " and "  honest , " concluded that the four-time Masters champion should incur a two-stroke penalty . Woods ended up shooting a round of 70 and was n't firing on all cylinders but is now well placed to mount a challenge in Sunday 's final round . "  I hit it all right today . I missed a few putts here and there . I had a few opportunities to shoot a lower score but the finish was huge - the last three saves certainly kept me in the ball game , " Woods said . Woods is tied for seventh place with South Africa 's Tim Clark whose five-under par round of 67 was the best of the day . America 's Jim Furyk , Ricky Fowler and Steve Stricker are currently tied for ninth at two-under par alongside England 's Lee Westwood and two-time champion , Germany 's Bernhard Langer . China 's teenage star Guan Tianlang battled his way to five-over par 77 to leave the 14-year-old amateur nine-over par for the tournament . Guan 's third round was two strokes better than Rory McIlroy , who played his way out of contention with a disastrous round of 79 . The Northern Irishman 's round fell apart at the 11th where his approach found the water . He walked off having carded a triple-bogey seven . His ball also found water at the 15th which contributed two more dropped shots before bogeying the 16th to leave McIlroy five over for the tournament . Defending champion Bubba Watson posted a two-under par round of 70 -- his best round of the week -- to leave him in a tie for 28th on two-over par .	Angel Cabrera and Brandt Snedeker are joint leaders of the Masters after three rounds Former champion Cabrera and Snedeker are one shot ahead of Australia 's Adam Scott Overnight leader , Jason Day tied for fourth with fellow Aussie Marc Leishman Tiger Woods incurs two-shot penalty for rule violation on Friday and is tied for seventh
CNN  -- The midterm elections are a week away . Control of the Senate will be decided by a handful of close contests that remain competitive in the final days . In an era of narrow majorities in the upper chamber , just one or two races can make all the difference in terms of who will be in control . Most experts are predicting that Republicans will gain the Senate , though there are a few outliers , like my colleague at Princeton University , Sam Wang , whose statistical models have been showing that Democrats can still be victorious . In the coming days , here are six campaigns to watch . In each of these states Republicans are holding their ground by connecting their opponent to President Obama while Democrats strike back by reminding voters of extremism in the GOP . Four of the states have incumbent Democratic senators who are waging close races for re-election . In the other two , the retirements of senators , one a Democrat and one a Republican , have created an opportunity the two parties are contesting . North Carolina : This is a Senate race that has been extremely expensive , with the national parties pouring money into advertising based on the view that this one can go either way , and it 's close . Incumbent Sen. Kay Hagan is a Democrat who voted for President Obama 's health care program and who has faced a tough challenge from Thom Tillis , a businessman who pushed back the tea party candidate in the Republican primary . Hagan , who had been expected to keep this seat , has made some mistakes along the way , such as skipping a Senate Armed Services Committee meeting to raise campaign funds , something that was a no-no in her home state , where the military is a cherished institution . Superstars from each party have made appearances for the campaign -- Hillary Clinton for Hagan and Rand Paul for Tillis -- trying to boost their competitive edge . Outside groups and the National Senatorial Republican Committee are pouring money into Tillis ' campaign , smelling the potential for a real upset . President Obama 's drive to increase African-American turnout is key for the Democratic strategy . Republicans are continuing to hammer away at Hagan by criticizing her party for how the White House has handled the Ebola epidemic and ISIS . Politics : How the ` war on women ' is changing Colorado : This is a state that makes Democrats very nervous . A recent poll by a Democratic company reported that this race is a deadlock , a disappointment to Democrats who thought they were safely in the lead . Their hope was that Sen. Mark Udall would be able to capitalize on the demographic trends -- such as the expanding population of Latino-Americans -- that have been building a solid base for the party , allowing President Obama to win in both the 2008 and 2012 elections . But recent polls have shown that Rep. Cory Gardner is doing much better than expected , including with female voters . This in itself has caused Democrats great concern , because Udall has made his opponent 's position on women 's issues the major focus of his campaign . "  Congressman Cory Gardner 's history of promoting harsh anti-abortion laws , " explained the narrator in one of his ads , "  is disturbing . " Alaska : Freshmen Democrat Mark Begich is scrambling to keep his seat . From the start , this has been one that was always going to be tough for Democrats to retain . Begich barely won in 2008 in this Republican state , and he has suffered repeatedly from being connected to President Obama 's unpopular presidency . Begich was also accused of allowing a misleading advertisement that suggested Attorney General Dan Sullivan had responsibility for a mistake that allowed a sex offender to go free and commit another sex assault and killings . Right now , Sullivan is enjoying a growing lead . Arkansas : Even with the Clinton machine rallying to his side , Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor has been struggling against GOP Rep. Tom Cotton , a veteran and Harvard graduate who has been hammering away at Pryor for his ties to President Obama , a common theme on the campaign trail . A recent article in The New York Times showed how Democrats face a number of big demographic challenges in what was once a solid Democratic state , like the massive growth of population in the conservative exurbs . One new poll shows that Cotton is ahead by 49 % to 41 % . Pryor has also made a number of embarrassing mistakes , including being unable to come up with an answer to a question asked of him during a campaign rally about how the White House was handling Ebola . In this state , voter turnout will be absolutely key . Democrats are counting on high levels of spending on ground operations and a surge of African-American voters to bring them to victory . Georgia : Despite a series of setbacks , such as the leak of a revealing campaign memo , Michelle Nunn has been putting on a strong campaign against businessman David Perdue to capture the seat held by retiring Sen. Saxby Chambliss , a Republican . Democrats are going to need Georgia if they are going to keep control of the Senate . While this election might result in a runoff in January , Nunn has been doing a good job overcoming the negative sentiment associated with President Obama by hitting hard against her opponent 's record in the private sector , using some of the same kinds of attacks that were used against Mitt Romney on issues like outsourcing . Perdue has struck back by saying that the Democrat does n't really understand "  what it takes to create jobs and create economic value , " which he says he does through his work with the retailer Dollar General . Of course , Nunn 's beloved family name also helps . Iowa : The right-wing state senator Joni Ernst has rattled the electorate with a controversial campaign that many thought would never work . While the GOP expunged tea party candidates in most of the primaries , Ernst was one of the exceptions . Bidding to take the seat held by retiring Sen. Tom Harkin , a Democrat , Ernst turned heads with an ad boasting of her experience castrating hogs , saying she would do the same in Washington to cut government spending . "  Mother . Soldier , Independent leader , " reads the sign on her campaign bus . Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley -- who has received the support of Democrats like Michelle Obama -- is having trouble stopping Ernst in the polls . Begala : Candidate 's gun remarks should scare us There are a few other races , such as in Kansas , where the outcome remains uncertain and each party is pouring in as much money and manpower as they can in the final few days to swing states their way . Election night should be interesting , as we 'll see if Democrats can somehow defy the historical trend of the party of the White House doing poorly in midterms , or whether Republicans lock up control of Congress and give President Obama two more years of gridlock as he finishes his term .	The outcome of six races could determine whether the U.S. remains in Democrats ' hands Julian Zelizer : Democrats citing GOP extremism ; Republicans cite Obama 's performance In four of the states , Democratic incumbents are seeking to win re-election Zelizer : Can White House reverse historical pattern of midterm losses ?
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Spain remain top of the world rankings for the ninth straight month , according to newly released standings by FIFA , the world game 's governing body . European champions Spain are ranked No. 1 by FIFA in their world rankings . The European champions have not lost a game since going down 1-0 in a friendly to Romania in Cadiz in November 2006 . They top their 2010 World Cup qualifying group , with four wins from four games , and have only conceded one goal in their last 10 internationals . No team can compete with that record and Spain are placed at No. 1 for that reason . Their rankings are based on team performances over the last four years , with more recent results and more significant matches being more heavily weighted to help reflect the current competitive state of a team . Yet fans all over the world have long questioned how much can be read into the rankings . After the 2008 African Cup of Nations , US-based football columnist Ives Galarcep wrote : "  Do n't try making any sense of these rankings . After all , Egypt , which just won the African Cup of Nations for a second straight time , is ranked 29th , fourth best among African teams . " Do you think FIFA 's rankings count for much ? Let us know in the Sound Off box below . For example , France , who reached the World Cup final in 2006 are down in 12th , while England , who failed to even qualify for Euro 2008 , are ninth . Furthermore , Les Bleus were at their lowest-ever standing in the rankings in April 1998 , when they were down in 25th . Three months later , they lifted the World Cup . From 2001-06 , Mexico were anchored in the top 10 , at one point as high as fourth , which left many European fans wondering how that was possible . They were ahead of many a supposed European powerhouse , such as Portugal . Not only did the Iberian country reach the final of Euro 2004 , they also made the semi-finals of the World Cup in Germany two years later . Mexico were even in the same group as Portugal at the World Cup and finished five points behind them in second place . In the round of 16 Mexico fell to skilful but flawed Argentina side . Surely the yardstick is the planet 's biggest tournament ? There is luck involved , of course , as it 's knockout football , but the best teams overall tend to go through . FIFA 's suggestion that Mexico were once the fourth-best team in the world does not seem to add up . And to suggest that throughout this period they were better than Portugal does not ring true -- not when performances on the pitch indicate otherwise . Other ranking systems , compiled by football statisticians , have been founded as an alternative to FIFA 's , which began in 1993 . Criticism that calculating rankings over an eight-year period was unrepresentative of a team 's recent performances led to FIFA revamping their system after the last World Cup . "  The increasingly high profile of the world ranking has also brought a certain amount of criticism that its calculation formula is too complicated . It was therefore decided in 2005 to revise the ranking in order to simplify the way in which it is calculated , " according to FIFA.com . Before that there were even more glaring anomalies than today : Norway were twice ranked second in the table in the 1990s and the United States were fourth two months before the World Cup in 2006 . At the tournament , the Americans went home early after picking up one point and two goals in their three group games , which made a mockery of such a high placing . As of March 2009 , Brazil and Argentina are the only non-European teams in the top 10 , Cameroon  16  are the highest African nation , the United States are 17th , while Australia are the top Asian nation at 32 . But regardless of your opinions of the rankings , they are here to stay . And Spain deserve respect for becoming only the sixth team after Germany , Brazil , Italy , France and Argentina to top them .	Spain remain top of FIFA 's world rankings for the ninth month in a row FIFA revamped their ranking system to make it more representative in 2006 Football fans are still unsure about how accurate the rankings are
CNN  -- Nico Rosberg kept up Mercedes impressive start to the 2014 Formula One season by posting the fastest time of a tight practice day at the Malaysian Grand Prix . The German driver edged out Kimi Raikkonen of Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull with a time of one minute and 39.909 seconds in the afternoon session -- but it was close . Just 0.061 seconds separated the three drivers . Rosberg 's Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton , who clocked the fastest time on the morning timesheet , ended the day fourth closely followed by Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso and Williams ' Felipe Massa . Temperatures reached a mercury-busting 50 degrees at the Sepang Circuit , impacting tire performance in the afternoon session . "  It was crazy conditions out there , " Rosberg , who took the checkered flag at the season opening Australian Grand Prix earlier this month , told the sport 's official website . "  In the very , very warm temperatures , it 's a huge challenge to get everything right . " "  The tires are behaving very differently from how they did in Australia -- so that 'll be my focus . Still , I 'm convinced we can make some useful changes to the car overnight . " Rosberg 's concerns surrounding the sweltering conditions were echoed by his teammate and 2008 world champion Hamilton . "  It was pretty tough with the temperature and humidity and it 's so important to keep hydrated here , " said the Briton , who was forced to retire from the season 's opening race . "  The car feels good and our focus was on trying to understand the tires and make sure the balance is right for the weekend , " he added . Red Bull rising ? Another man pleased with how the sessions went was Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel . The reigning F1 champion and dominant driver pulled out of the Australian Grand Prix after just six laps . He also suffered the indignity of failing to reach the third qualifying stage for the first time since 2012 . "  I think we had a good day , obviously Friday timings are not the most important thing in the world but it 's good to be up there and in range of the top guys , " said Vettel . "  There are still some things to solve on the software side and the programming , but that 's the way it is . I think we have to learn a lot but all in all , I 'm quite happy . " Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Danny Ricciardo finished the day seventh fastest , just ahead of Jenson Button of McLaren and Valterri Bottas of Williams . Elsewhere , McLaren rookie Kevin Magnusson failed to capture the speed which saw him finish second at Victoria Park . The Dane ended the day 12th fastest and highlighted the extreme heat as major factor in how his car performed . "  I 've never driven a car in these sorts of temperatures , so I learned a lot today , Magnusson said . "  The track temperatures are so hot here that the tyres are really suffering , but it 's the same for everyone . "  We need to try and get on top of things before tomorrow 's sessions . " Flight MH370 tribute Before the race at the Sepang Circuit on Sunday teams , drivers and officials are planning a host of tributes to passengers of missing flight MH370 . The race track neighbors Kuala Lumpur 's main airport where the plane took off on March 8 . Lewis Hamilton showed his support for the gesture yesterday , tweeting a picture of his car bearing the hashtag " #PrayForMH370 " along with the message : "  All my prayers and sympathies go to the friends and families of the passengers on MH370 flight . "	Nico Rosberg fastest in Friday 's practice sessions for Malaysian Grand Prix Temperatures reached a sweltering 50 degrees at the Sepang Circuit Drivers will pay respects 239 people who went missing aboard Flight 370 before Sunday 's race
CNN  -- Astronaut Mark Kelly visits U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords twice a day , witnessing and aiding her recovery from a devastating bullet wound suffered nearly four months ago . Friday , the Arizona congresswoman will witness her husband 's own inspiring moment : Commanding the space shuttle Endeavour on its last launch . Doctors have cleared Giffords , who was shot in the brain at a January 8 event in Tucson , to attend the scheduled launch in Florida , a source close to her said Sunday . The source told CNN Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen that Giffords will be accompanied by a nurse . There will be no doctor or medical assistance on board . The source was not sure what kind of plane Giffords will be going on , but it will not be a commercial airliner . "  She 'll probably be going either Wednesday or Thursday , " the source said . Asked by "  The CBS Evening News With Katie Couric " what Giffords ' reaction was to the decision allowing her to go , Kelly replied , "  I think she said , ` awesome ' and she pumped her fist . " Kelly 's comments on the flight and his wife 's recovery will be broadcast on CBS Monday evening . The network Sunday released excerpts of the conversation . Giffords , who is recovering at TIRR Memorial Hermann hospital in Houston , wo n't meet with the media or make a statement while she is at Kennedy Space Center in Florida for the 36th shuttle mission to the International Space Station . Doctors and friends have spoken of Giffords ' strong recovery . She speaks in short sentences , walks with a cart for therapy and has full use of her left side . Kelly told CBS that Giffords ' "  personality 's a hundred percent there . You know , it 's difficult for her to walk . The communication skills are difficult , at this point . " Democratic Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz of Florida , one of those present at the hospital when Giffords first opened her eyes after surgery , recently said her friend "  continues to make remarkable progress , has a little bit more mobility now ... is a lot more responsive , interactive and initiating speech . " Gabrielle Giffords for Senate ? Earlier this month , CNN 's Sanjay Gupta visited Giffords ' Arizona medical team , including Dr. Peter Rhee , the trauma chief at University Medical Center , where Giffords was treated . "  I 'll tell you she 's not going to be 100 % , I know that for a fact . She has a scar on her head , she 's going to have multiple scars on her . And what you see on the outside is also reflective of what goes on inside underneath it as well , " said Rhee . "  So while we cover it up , there are a lot of things that are permanently damaged that wo n't ever come back . Is she going to be the same as she was before ? I think she 's going to have permanent changes in thoughts and memories and feelings and emotions , so we 'll have to see how that pans out in the future . But I think she 'll be doing very well . " Family from Giffords shooting wants ammo limit Kelly will be commanding a crew of four other Americans and one astronaut from the European Space Agency . Liftoff is scheduled for 3:47 p.m. ET Friday . According to a senior administration official , President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama and their daughters Malia and Sasha also will watch the launch in person .	NEW : Rep. Giffords will travel with a nurse , a source close to her says The congresswoman continues to recover from a brain injury after a gunshot to the head Her husband is Capt. Mark Kelly , commander of Friday 's scheduled space shuttle mission Giffords wo n't be making any public remarks while attending the launch
CNN 's Don Lemon speaks exclusively with friends and family members about Michael Jackson 's last days in "  Michael Jackson : His Final Days , " 8 p.m. ET Friday on CNN . InStyle.com  -- One year after his untimely death , it 's clear that Michael Jackson 's legacy lives on . His influence over the worlds of music and fashion is still strong enough that Lady Gaga -- currently the reigning queen of the charts and an undisputed master in the Jackson-pioneered art of manufacturing buzz -- recently hoisted her own star even higher by announcing that she 'd been asked to open for  and duet with  the King of Pop on his ill-fated "  This Is It " tour . It 's not surprising that she 'd boast : Like virtually every other singer of her generation , Gaga owes an enormous creative debt to Jackson . And it goes way beyond the innovative role he played as a trailblazer of the music video  although Gaga 's latest mega-efforts in that field certainly do credit to the form . InStyle : Lady Gaga 's most gaga outfits Jackson was dressing in over-the-top metallic ensembles back when Gaga was still in diapers , and though the elaborate masked outfits she 's worn everywhere from the MTV VMAs to her little sister 's high school graduation may have a high-fashion precedent , they also call to mind the period when a paparazzi-weary Jackson began parading around Bahrain in a burka . Rihanna , too , has lately taken a few pages out of Jackson 's book . Last week , an exec at her label announced that "  our bar for -LSB- her next -RSB- album is Michael Jackson 's ` Thriller , ' " meaning they 're hoping that every song on it is a hit . InStyle : Rihanna 's best looks ever She sampled his "  Wan na Be Startin ' Somethin' " for her song "  Do n't Stop the Music , " and she 's been seen in a number of Jackson-esque garments , most recently a pair of shining ankle socks that strongly evoked his signature sequined pair . InStyle : Stars channel Michael Jackson 's iconic style But one would be hard-pressed to find a pop star who has n't been influenced by Jackson 's inimitable style : Usher dances in natty black and white and a very MJ hat in the video for his current smash , "  OMG . " Justin Timberlake , too , has borrowed Jackson 's sense of showmanship -- and , at times , his fedora . InStyle : Stars pay tribute to Michael Jackson The rhinestone-laden jean shorts that Katy Perry donned for her new "  California Gurls " clip call Jackson to mind -- he loved to add improbable amounts of glitz to quotidian items , like jackets , shirts , and  again  socks . And the shining metallic ornament Beyonce wore on her left hand throughout the "  Single Ladies " era seemed inspired , in part , by Jackson 's single glove . Even eleven-year-old actor Jaden Smith -- who was born well after the King of Pop 's heyday  and is himself the spawn of another musician , former Fresh Prince Will Smith  -- recently pledged allegiance to Jackson 's style : At the June 10th premiere of his film "  The Karate Kid , " he walked the red carpet in black pants , a crisp white shirt and a carbon copy of Jackson 's red-and-black leather "  Thriller " jacket . InStyle : Michael Jackson 's 10 greatest fashion hits From Gaga to Jaden Smith and so many more before , Michael Jackson 's influence and reach spans stars of all ages and genres . For more on his legendary style , including his top ten looks and other famous fans , visit InStyle.com now ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	One year after his untimely death , it 's clear Michael Jackson 's legacy lives on Lady Gaga owes an enormous creative debt to Jackson You 'd be hard-pressed to find a pop star who has n't been influenced by Jackson 's style
CNN  -- Venezuelan Stefania Fernandez was named Miss Universe 2009 , beating out more than 80 other contestants during a pageant held Sunday night in Nassau , Bahamas . Venezuelan Stefania Fernandez was named Miss Universe 2009 on Sunday night . The 18-year-old was crowned by another Venezuelan , Dayana Mendoza , Miss Universe 2008 , marking the first time that two contestants from the same country have won the title in consecutive years . As Miss Universe , Fernandez will have the use of a New York City apartment for the year of her reign , and will receive living expenses . Other prizes include a two-year scholarship at the New York Film Academy ; a vacation for two in the Bahamas ; and a wardrobe , including evening wear , swimsuits and jewelry . The competition involves swimsuit , evening gown and interview phases , which a 12-member panel judged . Miss Dominican Republic , Ada Aimee De La Cruz , was named first runner-up and would assume Fernandez 's duties if she could n't complete her term .	Win marks first time 2 contestants from same country earn title in consecutive years More than 80 other contestants competed during the pageant Miss Dominican Republic , Ada Aimee De La Cruz , was named first runner-up
CNN  -- Have you herd ? Goats are now scheduled to land at Chicago 's O'Hare Airport for a meal and some landscaping . The city 's aviation authority was n't kidding Wednesday when they announced a two-year contract for "  sustainable vegetation management grazing services " with Central Commissary Holdings . Twenty-five to 30 of the four-legged creatures will chow down on 120 acres of foliage at the airport , including space along creeks and hilly areas too hard and expensive to maintain using other methods , a press release said . To ensure the animals do n't try to head butt a 747 they will be separated from the airfield by security fencing , remain supervised while on airport property , and spend evenings in a nearby transport trailer . The curse of the Billy Goat may have haunted the Chicago Cubs for decades , but the airport believes embracing the animals will save money , reduce carbon dioxide emissions and cut down on toxic herbicides . "  This pilot program will help the CDA achieve many economic , operational , environmental and social benefits , achieving our goal of balancing people , planet and profit , " Aviation Department Commissioner Rosemarie Andolino said in the release . There 's no word if the goats will help with World Series hopes . The overall cost for two years of weed eating goats could reach $ 100,000 , but the Chicago Department of Aviation is quick to point out it uses no local or state tax dollars for operations or capital improvements . Other airports have tried grazing goats with mixed results . San Francisco airport uses a herd for two to three weeks each June to clear vegetation for a fire break on the west side of the airport . "  The benefits of the goats is this property is home to two endangered species , the San Francisco Garter Snake and the California Red Legged Frog , " SFO Airport Duty Manager Doug Yakel told CNN . "  They can clear this vegetation for us without endangering these two species , where heavy machine or mowing might . " But Seattle 's Sea-Tac Airport kicked the goats out after only a week in 2008 . "  Airport managers decided to discontinue using the goats because they were , in effect , too effective , " said Christina Faine , an airport spokeswoman . "  Goats , indiscriminate eaters , eat everything , including the trees and native plants that we wanted to protect . " Chicago 's goat herd is expected to arrive at O'Hare in about a month .	Chicago 's O'Hare Airport plans to use goats as landscapers The herd will munch on 120 acres of foliage at the airport Other airports have employed goats with mixed results
Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt waited until closing arguments to speak in his own defense in his genocide trial in Guatemala City on Thursday . He denied he had any role as head of state in the atrocities the military carried out on indigenous Ixil Mayans during his brief rule from 1982 to 1983 . "  I never authorized , I never signed , I never proposed , I never ordered these attacks against a people , ethnicity or religion , " Rios Montt said Thursday . Prosecutors have asked for 75-year sentences for the 86-year-old former leader and his intelligence chief , Mauricio Rodriguez Sanchez . The landmark trial marks the first time a former head of state has been tried for genocide by his country 's own judicial system . Guatemala confronts a dark chapter While Rios Montt was in power , the military used the threat of leftist rebels as a guise to exterminate Ixil villages accused of harboring insurgents , prosecutors argued . According to prosecutors , the campaign led to the genocide of more than 1,700 Ixil Mayans . During his first and only address to the three-judge panel , Rios Montt said that the prosecution 's contention that the chain of command places him at fault for the atrocities is false . He oversaw the day-to-day operations of the government , while the defense ministry had the final say over security matters , Rios Montt said . "  The head of state is nothing more than a public servant , " he said . "  Each regional commander is responsible for what happens and what he lets happen in his territory . " The former ruler said he does not accept the charges of genocide and crimes against humanity leveled against him . "  I was not a commander ; I was a head of state ! " he shouted . Trial near completion Closing arguments in the trial , which opened in March , are expected to conclude on Thursday . A verdict could come any moment after that . The first three weeks of the trial moved fast , with many Ixil Mayan witnesses testifying about rape , torture , killings and the razing of their villages . But a number of appeals and motions by the defense in several courts threatened to derail the process . At one point , a judge annulled the testimony in the trial . Legal wrangling over the insertion and ejection of lawyers on the defense side and whether certain evidence was admissible resulted in sometimes contradicting rulings from various courts . The trial was suspended at one point , as the country 's Constitutional Court and an appeals court began untangling the mess . The genocide trial was effectively stalled for nearly three weeks before the judges ruled they were in compliance with all of the rulings from the other courts . Facing legacy of civil war Rios Montt came to power in a coup and led a military junta while Guatemala was in a bloody civil war between the army and leftist guerrillas . The war did not end until 1996 , leaving more than 200,000 people dead and 1 million as refugees . Prosecutors argued that Rios Montt was aware of the repressive strategies that the military was using against anyone suspected of being a guerrilla , such as killings , forced disappearances and kidnappings . His defense has argued that he never explicitly ordered the killings of the indigenous group .	Efrain Rios Montt of Guatemala addresses the court for the first time Thursday He is accused of genocide and crimes against humanity Rios Montt denies he ordered atrocities against indigenous villages It is the first time a former head of state has been tried for genocide in his own country
London , England  CNN  -- The British election has ended in a hung parliament , as official returns show it is impossible for any one party to get a majority of seats . The leader of the largest party traditionally gets the first chance to form the government and become prime minister . But if no party has a majority , the sitting prime minister -- currently Gordon Brown -- has the right to stay in office and try to win a confidence motion in parliament . Hung parliaments are unusual in Britain . The last time it happened , in 1974 , voters were back at the polls within months . CNN 's Political Contributor Robin Oakley , a veteran of 12 UK elections , answers questions about a hung parliament . What exactly is a "  hung parliament ? " To enjoy a governing majority in the parliament , a party -- realistically either the Conservatives , led by David Cameron , or the ruling Labour Party , led by Prime Minister Gordon Brown -- needed to win a minimum of 326 seats . That 's more than half the total of 650 being contested . A "  hung parliament " is one in which no single party reaches that minimum number . Without a majority in parliament , a government becomes dependent on MPs -- or lawmakers -- from other parties to get its program voted through the House of Commons , the chamber which passes laws and legislation . Labour ended the parliament dissolved on April 12 with an effective working majority of 56 . But the party only had to lose 24 seats to forfeit its majority due to some lawmakers not taking their places in the chamber  such as those from Northern Ireland 's Sinn Fein  , some lawmakers not having a vote  such as the speaker  and some seats being vacant . So did n't the Conservatives get the most votes ? So they did . But the electoral arithmetic makes things more complicated . England , Scotland and Wales do not have proportional representation . Instead the British use the first-past-the-post voting system where winner takes all . The general election is not just a national contest but in effect a mini-election in every one of those 650 parliamentary constituencies . And because of a bias currently built into the British system , the Conservatives in practice need a lead of more than 10 points in their share of the vote to be sure of winning even a single-seat majority . The boundaries of parliamentary seats are periodically revised to keep them close to a notional average size . But the officials charged with the task , and the lengthy appeals process over their decisions , ensure that parliamentary seat sizes do n't keep pace with population changes . Currently the distribution favors Labour , which tends to spread its vote more evenly across the country and to win a large number of seats by small majorities , particularly amid the shrinking populations of inner cities . The Conservatives , by contrast , rack up huge majorities of "  surplus " votes in some safe rural and suburban seats . One way to appreciate the inequity of the system is to note that in the 2005 election it took Labour on average 26,872 votes to win a Parliamentary seat . The Conservatives averaged 44,531 votes per seat and the Liberal Democrats 96,485 . Labour 's share of the national vote last time was just 36 per cent . But thanks to the way the system worked , that gave them 57 per cent of the seats in parliament . The Conservatives needed to gain an extra 116 seats to have the barest majority of their own -- and they needed around a 10-point margin for that . When did Britain last have a hung parliament . How likely is it this time ? The last time a hung parliament happened in Britain was in 1974 . But election experts say that the prospects of a repeat have been increasing . Back in the 1960s , the two major parties , Labour and Conservatives used to take around 95 per cent of the vote between them . At the last general election in 2005 they aggregated less than 70 per cent . Not only have the Liberal Democrats advanced  they took 62 seats last time with 23 per cent of the vote  but so have other smaller parties . In Scotland and Wales in 2005 the Scottish National Party and Plaid Cymru  Welsh Nationalists  won 10 seats between them . And in local government contests and European Parliament elections , fringe parties like the Greens , the British National Party and the United Kingdom Independence Party have shown their ability to collect significant voting support . Winning a national majority is getting harder and the expenses scandals of the last parliament may boost support for minority parties that are apparently less tainted by them . What happened in the last hung parliament ? Why are financiers and business people seemingly so jumpy about the possibility of another ? Edward Heath , the then Conservative Prime Minister , called an election in February 1974 on the theme of "  Who runs the country ? " after battles with the trades unions . He failed to win a majority but took a bigger share of the national vote than Labour , which had four more seats than his Tories  301 to 297  . Heath tried to stay in power , seeking to persuade the Liberals to back him . They would not and so his opponent , Harold Wilson , formed a minority Labour government . Wilson called a second election that year , in October , and that time won an overall majority of three seats . Part of the agitation in some financial circles about the possibility of a hung parliament on May 6 derives from sheer novelty . The first-past-the-post system has so often produced a definite election result that City and currency speculators are suggesting that a minority government -- or a coalition of two or more parties -- would not be strong enough to take tough decisions at a time when the parlous state of the British economy needs decision and consistency at the top . But many European countries where proportional voting systems regularly produce minority or coalition governments seem to manage their economies perfectly adequately . And some calmer Westminster and City voices have pointed out that Britain managed to run its affairs during World War II with a coalition government . So what is likely to happen this time ? That is the hardest question . Nick Clegg , the Liberal Democrat leader whose party could hold the balance of power , says that he wo n't play kingmaker . That , he says , is a task for voters . He adds : "  Whichever party has the strongest mandate from the British people it seems to me they have the first right to try and govern . " All fine and dandy , except that he did n't say whether that "  mandate " should be determined by which party had the most seats or which had the biggest share of the national vote -- which would n't necessarily be the same thing . Clegg would not be keen to earn the ire of the British people by putting Gordon Brown back in 10 Downing Street , when British voters had refused to renew Labour 's majority . But nor would his party stomach him working with the Euroskeptic Conservatives . The money therefore goes on a minority government rather than a coalition .	A "  hung parliament " is when no party has the minimum number of seats to enjoy a governing majority The UK last saw a hung parliament in 1974 , which saw two elections in the same year Many European countries regularly produce minority or coalition governments There has been agitation in some financial circles about the possibility of a hung parliament
San Diego  CNN  As parents , we want to be careful to protect our children from the wrong influences . Just because someone is famous and has a following among a certain segment of society does n't mean they 're a good role model for youth . One group in particular comes to mind . They 're essentially minimally talented narcissists who are starved for public attention , and they will say and do shocking and inappropriate things to get it . Truth be known , many of them are not the best people in the world . I speak , of course , of politicians -- and , in particular , of Mike Huckabee . The former Arkansas governor and GOP presidential candidate is rumored to be interested -- along with about 14 other Republican hopefuls -- in making a White House bid in 2016 . It will be a long , hard slog for Huckabee , a second-tier candidate , who -- if he enters the race -- is likely to find himself battling former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson , and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas for the votes of evangelical Christians . Republicans believe that President Obama is in over his head , and they want to restore adult supervision to the White House . Huckabee , who until recently hosted a cable television show , has a juvenile habit of shooting from the lip with commentary that is unplugged and unfiltered . In the process of making the press rounds for his new book , "  God , Guns , Grits and Gravy , " Huckabee has already said a few things -- about the first family and pop star Beyonce Knowles -- that are hostile , hurtful , hateful and harmful . In fact , in a recent interview for People magazine , he did n't just step on one minefield but a whole lot of them . Concerning the Obamas , Huckabee is shocked that the President and first lady Michelle Obama allow their daughters , Malia and Sasha , to be part of Beyonce 's fan base . As an ordained Baptist minister , Huckabee does n't approve of some of the performer 's songs and on-stage behavior . Politician . Talk show host . Minister . And now , music critic . Huckabee does get around . The Republican sees a conflict between how conscientious the Obamas are about most things concerning their daughters , and this one area where the girls have the freedom to idolize one of their favorite entertainers . LZ : Beyonce , what have you done ? "  I do n't understand how on one hand they can be such doting parents and so careful about the intake of everything -- how much broccoli they eat and where they go to school , and making sure they 're kind of sheltered and shielded from so many things , " Huckabee told the magazine . "  And yet they do n't see anything that might not be suitable for either a preteen or a teen in some of the lyrical content and choreography of Beyonce . " Huckabee was just getting warmed up . His next target : Jay Z , music mogul and Beyonce 's husband . About Jay Z , Huckabee wonders : "  Does it occur to him that he is arguably crossing the line from husband to pimp by exploiting his wife as a sex object ? " No . He did not just go there . What a tin ear . For someone who communicates for a living , you would think that Huckabee would know enough to avoid taking one of the most successful African-American businessmen in the country and comparing him to -- of all things -- a pimp . Really ? While Republicans like Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky talk about the importance of reaching out to African-Americans , Huckabee may have reached a new low in terms of offending them . So where did Huckabee go wrong ? First , if you have a problem with the President , take it to him but leave his kids out of it . Second , if you want to come across to the rest of America as a serious candidate , try talking about serious things and avoid these Dan Quayle-Murphy Brown moments where you try to score points off something in popular culture . Third , if you do n't see the problem with comparing a prominent and successful African-American businessman with a pimp , you had better check your common sense tank but you 're running low . Fourth , leave the music reviews to the professionals , and , the next time you decide to attack a performer , try choosing an outlier and not someone so embedded in the mainstream that she has sold more than 75 million records -- just as a solo artist . And fifth , you can critique the other side 's policies all day long but you should really skip the parenting advice since it 's one thing to accuse someone of being a bad president , and quite another to say they 're a bad parent . You just do n't go there . Even in the brass-knuckled world of politics , there are rules to be followed and lines that should not be crossed . Huckabee crossed one . For that , he ought to be ashamed . And he ought to be apologetic . Then he ought to be quiet .	Mike Huckabee is rumored to be interested in running for president in 2016 So why is he criticizing President Obama 's parenting style , Beyonce and Jay Z ?
The father of one of the two Indonesian women whose bodies were found in an upscale Hong Kong apartment at the weekend has called for his daughter 's killer to be executed . Police discovered the decomposing body of Sumarti Ningsih , 25 , on Saturday stuffed in a suitcase on the balcony of a 31st-floor apartment in Wan Chai , a popular Hong Kong nightlife district . Another woman , Seneng Mujiasih , 29 , was found on the floor of the apartment with her throat slashed . Sumarti 's father , Ahmad Khaliman , says his daughter 's killer deserves to die . "  I demand that he gets the death penalty , " Khaliman told CNN affiliate Trans7 on Tuesday . "  If not , I can not accept it . He has already taken my daughter 's life , so he has to pay with his life . " But his demand will almost certainly go unfulfilled ; Hong Kong abolished capital punishment more than two decades ago . Rurik Jutting , a 29-year-old British investment banker who lived in the apartment , has been charged with two counts of murder over the killings of the two women . He declined to enter a plea to the charges in a court appearance Monday . Father ` very shocked ' In documents submitted to the court , police say they believe Sumarti was killed on October 27 , five days before her body was found . Mujiasih is thought to have been killed on Saturday , the same day that police say Jutting called them to the apartment . The Indonesian Consulate in Hong Kong said Sumarti may have entered Hong Kong on October 4 and had permission to stay there until Monday . She was from the Indonesian city of Cilacap , where her father and other family members are mourning her shocking death . Khaliman held two framed photos his daughter as he talked to Trans7 in the family 's yellow bungalow in Cilacap . He told the news agency Agence France-Presse that one of Sumarti 's acquaintances in Hong Kong told the family what had happened . "  We were informed by telephone that our daughter was murdered , " AFP quoted him as saying . "  I was very shocked , especially when I was informed that it was hard to identify the body . " Families want remains repatriated Khaliman told AFP that Sumarti had first gone to Hong Kong in 2011 to work as a domestic helper and then returned to Indonesia in 2013 . She went back to Hong Kong on two occasions after that , he said . The families of both victims have requested that the remains of the two women be returned to Indonesia for burial , Michael Tene , a spokesman for the country 's Foreign Ministry said Wednesday . Indonesian authorities are working on repatriating the remains as soon as possible , he said , cautioning that it would take time . "  I want her to be buried in Indonesia , " Khaliman told AFP . Jutting , who recently left his job with Bank of America Merrill Lynch , remains in custody until his next court appearance on November 10 .	"  He has already taken my daughter 's life , so he has to pay with his life , " father says The bodies of two Indonesian women were found in a Hong Kong apartment A British investment banker who lived in the apartment has been charged with murder Hong Kong abolished capital punishment more than two decades ago
Washington  CNN  -- Apple and Google have won praise from privacy proponents for efforts to encrypt their latest smartphones in a way that would prevent law enforcement from accessing certain private data . The FBI , not so much . Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey told reporters Thursday that the agency is talking to both companies to raise concerns that their privacy efforts could hinder criminal investigations . Apple last week touted that with release of its latest operating system iOS8 , it no longer could bypass the smartphone user passwords . "  So it 's not technically feasible for us to respond to government warrants for the extraction of this data from devices in their possession running iOS 8 , " Apple said in a blog post . Google quickly followed suit , saying it already had such technology in phones running its Android operating system , but that "  as part of our next Android release , encryption will be enabled by default out of the box , so you wo n't even have to think about turning it on . " Comey said that he was "  very concerned " that the companies were "  marketing something expressly to allow people to place themselves above the law . " Revelations by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden of government mass surveillance programs has posed problems for U.S. tech companies , which are required by federal law to cooperate with surveillance program requests . Concerned that the revelations will damage their businesses , particularly in foreign markets , the companies have taken a more public role in pushing back on the surveillance programs . Yahoo , which fought a losing court battle against some surveillance requests , recently won a fight to make public secret court documents detailing that battle . The company used the information to tout its efforts to protect the privacy of its customers . The FBI director said he understood the privacy concerns in the wake of Snowden . But he noted that the FBI sometimes has an urgent need to access data , such as in cases of kidnappings or terrorism . Comey said he supports the idea that the FBI should have a warrant from a judge to take a look into someone 's closet , or smartphone , but added he could n't support "  the notion someone would market a closet that would never be open . "	Apple and Google announce encryption programs designed to protect customers ' privacy FBI director worries this will "  allow people to place themselves above the law " Privacy issues have been at the forefront since the Edward Snowden leaks
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Even while under curfew following the ouster of their long-serving authoritarian leader , Tunisians on Saturday experienced newfound freedoms online as their acting president promised a "  new phase " for his embattled land . Filters on websites like Facebook and YouTube , put in place under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , were dropped and Internet speed picked up considerably -- a development that followed the new government 's vow to ease restrictions on freedoms . In addition , three Tunisian journalists -- including two bloggers critical of Ben Ali -- have been freed from jail , the Committee to Protect Journalists said Saturday . These developments come as Fouad Mebazaa was sworn in as the country 's acting leader on Saturday , after Ben Ali and his family took refuge in Saudi Arabia following days of angry street protests against the government Speaking on national TV , Mebazaa , who had been the country 's parliamentary speaker , promised to ensure the nation 's "  stability , " respect its constitution and "  pursue the best interest of the nation . " "  Citizens , sons and daughters of our country of Tunis , in this important and urgent moment in the history of our beloved country , I appeal to all of you of various political parties , and nationalist organizations , and all civil society organizations to fight for the national interest and to respect the army 's command and the national security in security matters , and to preserve private and public property and to bring the return of peace and security in the hearts of the citizens , " he said . Mebazaa 's temporary assumption of the presidency corresponds to an article in Tunisia 's constitution that says power will be transferred to the parliament speaker when the president resigns , dies or is unable to perform his responsibilities . He asked Mohamed Ghannouchi to remain as prime minister of what is now a caretaker government . This dramatic power shift comes after the departure of Ben Ali , the leader of the north African country since 1987 who had a reputation for ruthlessness and corruption , Ben Ali fled to Jeddah , where he was welcomed by the Saudi Arabian king . "  The government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia announces that it stands fully by the Tunisian people , wishing , by God will , its people will stand solid to overcome this difficult phase in its history , " the Saudi royal court said in a statement . Moammar Gadhafi , leader of neighboring Libya , denounced the developments in a televised speech Saturday night . Ben Ali remains the nation 's rightful president , per its constitution , and blamed unrest on criminal gangs , he said . "  Sadly , Tunisia is headed to more chaos and we do not know how it will end , " he said . Gadhafi closed his speech by saying he was "  sad and hurt " by the recent developments , which he said threatened to derail significant progress in Tunisia . "  I hope your sanity returns and your wounds heal , because you had a big loss that will never return , " he said , addressing the Tunisian people . As the political situation remained fluid , the army appears to have clamped down and established a strong presence on the streets in the cities of Tunisia , long a relatively stable and prosperous country in what diplomats have described as "  a rough neighborhood . " Tunisian state TV reported that officials plan to hold presidential elections in 60 days , and an opposition leader told CNN that opposition figures were meeting with the caretaker prime minister to discuss formation of a unity government . The ruling government declared a state of emergency , ordering a curfew requiring all people to remain indoors between 5 p.m. Saturday and 7 a.m. Sunday . No large street protests in the capital , Tunis , were reported Saturday . But multiple videos posted online showed that Tunis ' main train station had been burned . There were also reports of rioting and looting in the country , and security forces also have been spotted rounding up and roughing up people . At least 42 people died when a fire swept through a prison in the eastern Tunisian city of Monastir , Dr. Ali Chadly of the University Hospital of Monastir told CNN . It was not immediately clear what sparked the fire . A travel warning from the British Foreign Office on Saturday said "  there have been demonstrations , some violent " and "  significant looting " in Tunis and other locations , citing Sousse , Sfax , Nabul , Hammamet , Douze , Kasserine , Requeb and Thia . Under Ben Ali , Tunisia was a pro-Western state supportive of U.S. policy in the Middle East and in its efforts against terrorism . On Friday , U.S. President Barack Obama condemned "  the use of violence against citizens peacefully voicing their opinion in Tunisia " and lauded "  the courage and dignity of the Tunisian people . " He also urged Tunisia 's government "  to respect human rights  and  hold free and fair elections . " The wave of rallies in the North African nation was stirred by the suicide of an unemployed college graduate , who torched himself last month after police confiscated his fruit cart , cutting off his source of income . Since then , protesters had called for Ben Ali to step down and held daily demonstrations denouncing his government . The grass-roots protests , organized and supported through online networks centered on Twitter and Facebook , focused on poor living conditions , high unemployment , government corruption and repression . Amnesty International spokesman Claudio Cordone said that 55 people have been killed over the past several weeks of demonstrations . The former president had put the number at 21 before his departure . "  We hope that the army will match its reputation for being more professional and less trigger-happy than the security forces that have been responsible for much of the violence over the last several weeks , " Cordone said . The tumult , including Ben Ali 's departure , has reverberated in the Arab world , where the news of the uprising elated people in other countries across the region , where authoritarian rule has persisted for years . In Cairo , Egypt , about 100 people inspired by what some are calling the "  Jasmine Revolution " in Tunisia massed in front of the press syndicate and called for a similar uprising there . Amid heavy security and the presence of many riot police in the city , the people chanted , "  Down with Hosni Mubarak , " the nation 's leader , and called him a corrupt and ruthless ruler . Tunisia has close cultural and economic links to France , which invaded Tunisia in 1881 . That move led to the creation of a protectorate until Tunisia became independent in 1956 . An official statement from French President Nicolas Sarkozy noted France 's "  many ties of friendship " to Tunisia and called for free elections as soon as possible . After Sarkozy met with some senior members of his Cabinet Saturday to discuss Tunisia , Finance Minister Christine Lagarde sent instructions to financial institutions and banks to freeze the assets in France of the Ben Ali family . French government spokesman Francois Baroin said Saturday that France asked some of Ben Ali 's relatives to leave the country , adding that Ben Ali would n't be allowed in France . The African Union 's Peace and Security Council on Saturday "  expressed its solidarity " with Tunisians and deplored the "  excessive use of force against demonstrators . " It also urged "  the political stakeholders and the Tunisian people to work together , in unity , consensus and respect for legality , towards a peaceful and democratic transition , which will allow the Tunisian people to freely choose their leaders through free , open , democratic and transparent elections . " Also Saturday , the Arab League released a statement regarding "  this historic stage " and urged the "  return of calm and security , " according to a report by Jordan 's state-run news agency , Petra . The Cairo-based alliance offered support for a peaceful , legal realization of "  the Tunisian people 's aspirations for a decent , secure and stable future in a climate of democracy and political stability . " Journalists Elham Nakhlawi and Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : Filters on websites like Facebook and YouTube have been dropped NEW : Tunis ' main train station has been torched , videos show Unhappy Libyan leader tells Tunisians , "  I hope your sanity returns " The country 's acting president calls for a "  better political life " in Tunisia
CNN  -- World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki has progressed to the last 16 at Indian Wells after beating Spain 's Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez for the first time . After losing to 29th-ranked Martinez Sanchez in their three previous encounters , the Dane needed just 71 minutes to close out a 6-1 6-3 win on Monday . "  She 's a very different player ; you do n't get any rhythm against her , " Wozniacki told the official WTA website . "  It was very important to keep the pressure but not force it too much . " The 20-year-old 's next opponent at the Californian hard-court tournament will be world No. 24 Alisa Kleybanova , who upset 15th-ranked Italian Flavia Pennetta 6-3 6-4 . Nadal progresses at Indian Wells Kleybanova 's fellow Russian Maria Sharapova dropped her first service game against Aravane Rezai , but quickly regrouped to beat the French world No. 22 6-2 6-2 . "  I started like I did n't have my cup of coffee or something , did n't have my peeps around , so that was disappointing , " the three-time grand slam champion and world No. 18 said . "  But I got it together . " The 23-year-old set up a fourth-round encounter with fellow former No. 1 and compatriot Dinara Safina . Safina , who is on the comeback trail after slipping to 108th in the world rankings , knocked out fourth seed Sam Stosur of Australia 7-6  7-2  6-4 . Nadia Petrova became the fourth Russian woman to progress , after the world No. 18 battled past 18-year-old American wildcard Christina McHale 3-6 6-4 6-2 . Peng Shuai will be Petrova 's next challenger , with the Chinese player earning a hard-fought 6-3 4-6 7-5 win over Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka . World No. 10 Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland also had to fight for her 6-0 2-6 7-5 win over Maria Kirilenko of Russia . She will now play eighth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus , who defeated Agnieszka 's younger sister Ursula 7-6  7-3  6-3 .	Caroline Wozniacki reaches fourth round , beating Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez World No. 1 will play Alisa Kleybanova for a place in Indian Wells quarterfinals Maria Sharapova sets up last-16 clash with fellow Russian and former No. 1 Dinara Safina Nadia Petrova , Agnieszka Radwanska and Victoria Azarenka also progress
CNN  -- In 2009 , du Pont heir Robert H. Richards IV , 47 , was convicted of raping his 3-year-old daughter and served no jail time because , a judge said , he would "  not fare well " in prison . You are only just hearing about this travesty thanks to a civil suit filed recently by Richards ' ex-wife , Tracy Richards , alleging that he also sexually abused his 19-month-old son during the same period . How does this happen ? Lady Justice wears a blindfold that 's supposed to represent objectivity . Unfortunately , it seems to blind her in some cases , especially when a defendant is wealthy and connected . And Richards is wealthy and connected -- he 's the heir to not one , but two fortunes provided to him by his predecessors . In 2008 , Richards was indicted on two counts of second-degree child rape for sexually penetrating his daughter repeatedly from 2005 to 2007 . Those two counts would have carried mandatory minimum sentences of 10 years each . He was released on $ 60,000 bail . Richards is unemployed , but with a trust fund and apparently had plenty of cash to hire one of the state 's top law firms . His lawyers pushed until Delaware prosecutors offered a deal allowing him the fourth-degree rape plea -- normally reserved for statutory rape cases -- and Richards admitted the assault . At the sentencing , Superior Court Judge Jan Jurden ordered Richards to attend a sex offender rehabilitation program and pay a whopping $ 4,395 to the Delaware Violent Crimes Compensation Board .  That 'll teach him !  She then sentenced him to eight years in prison , but suspended the prison time and put him on probation instead , writing : "  Defendant will not fare well in Level 5 setting . " Translation for the rest of the world : The rich rapist will "  fare well " living as a free man in a house where he raped his own daughter . A few points here : 1 . The purpose of prison is twofold -- to keep criminals segregated from their victims and the rest of society , to punish them by denying them the freedoms that law-abiding citizens enjoy and to rehabilitate them . Prisons are loaded with pedophile rapists who are incarcerated regardless of their ability to deal with the prison environment . If Richards was a relative of the Dipshots , instead of the du Ponts he 'd probably be behind bars now . 2 . And if the rapist does n't "  fare well " in prison , how is he a good fit for society ? As far as I 'm concerned , a sex offender who rapes his own child will never "  fare well " in society . You ca n't cure sex offenders of their sexual urges , you can only teach them to try to control them . In the meantime , we have a duty to keep rapists like Richards contained in a location where they have no contact or opportunity to hurt another child for a good long time -- and that place is in jail . 3 . The Delaware justice system appears to have also lost sight of Richards ' victim -- his own kid ! Think she 'll "  fare well " knowing her rapist was sent home to his mansion and never properly punished ? The sentence was outrageous , but blaming the judge is too easy . The truth is the entire system is to blame . People with zero resources to properly defend themselves are funneled into the prison system , while rich rapists like Richards can buy an excellent criminal defense team and secure a deal no public defender could ever dream of getting . But Tracy Richards has not given up . She filed a suit last month seeking compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of her children . In addition to detailing the abuse of his daughter , the lawsuit also alleges that while Roberts was on probation , he admitted to the sexual abuse of his toddler son . It cites probation reports from two different probation officers notifying the Courts in 2010 and 2012 about that suspected abuse . According to the lawsuit , which is supported by paperwork from the earlier criminal case , Richards went into his daughter 's room while she slept and penetrated her with his fingers while he masturbated . The suit also alleges that Richards then told the girl "  to keep what he had done to her a secret . " The girl eventually told her grandmother , who informed Tracy Richards . The girl then recounted the abuse to her pediatrician and New Castle County police , who arrested him . Given all this background , it may seem like a slam dunk of a civil suit , but societal factors -- the advantages of money -- can play a large role in the justice system . You can be certain that if Richards lives off a trust , it 's one that du Pont family attorneys have painstakingly set up , and it 's probably going to be remarkably hard to pierce . Likely knowing she 's in for a fight , Tracy Richards has hired law firm Jacobs & Crumplar , attorneys more than capable of going after people who think they are untouchable . This is the firm that won victims $ 77.4 million in a settlement with the Catholic Diocese of Wilmington over sex abuse by a priest . I 've got my fingers crossed that a civil jury will award jaw-dropping damages in this case and strip Richards of the trust fund and the wealthy status that allowed him to avoid jail -- where he really belongs .	Mel Robbins : Du Pont heir Robert Richards did no jail time in rape of his toddler daughter Sentencing judge said , in part , he "  would not fare well " in prison . This is not justice Robbins : Wealth should n't shield him from justice Robbins : Civil jury should award big damages strip him of wealth that helped him avoid jail
CNN  If you 're famous and performing the American national anthem , be prepared to become a national hero or a national disgrace . Facts are facts . Just ask Vince , Whitney , Roseanne , Jimi and Michael . Mötley Crüe 's Vince Neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " Sure , he can shred it on "  Girls , Girls , Girls " and "  Dr. Feelgood , " but this is a different story -- a completely different story . To say Neil butchered the song before the Las Vegas Outlaws Arena Football League game would be unkind to those in the profession . There 's less carnage when butchers are done with their work . The late Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV . In the early stages of the Gulf War in 1991 , a patriotic America saluted her performance . Just six months earlier , comedian Roseanne Barr may have established the low-water mark . The crowd at the San Diego Padres game booed her rendition and President George H. W. Bush called it "  disgraceful . " There 's nothing quite like getting the presidential thumbs down . One of the most controversial and beloved versions of "  The Star-Spangled Banner " comes from 1969 . Guitar slinger Jimi Hendrix inflamed mainstream America with his psychedelic take on the national anthem to the delight of the Woodstock generation . And then there 's Michael Bolton 's version . Overly wrought songs are his specialty and he does n't disappoint in that department when he sings at the American League Championship Series in 2003 . Bolton belts it out , but there 's one little problem -- the words . Can anyone say crib notes ?	Singing the national anthem is a risky proposition Whitney Houston nailed it ; Roseanne Barr destroyed it
CNN  -- Witnesses said a FedEx tractor-trailer truck was already in flames when it crossed a median and slammed into a bus carrying students in Northern California , the National Transportation Safety Board said Saturday night . The driver of a white Nissan Altima that passed the bus just before the crash reported seeing flames coming from underneath the FedEx truck , said Mark Rosekind , an NTSB board member . The truck clipped the car occupied by Joe and Bonnie Duran before it slammed into the bus Thursday evening , killing 10 people -- five high school students , three chaperones and the drivers of both vehicles . More than 30 people , mostly teenagers , were taken to local hospitals . Rosekind , speaking at a press conference , said some bus passengers were ejected from the vehicle , including the ones who died . He said the investigation shows the southbound truck did not brake as it crossed the median at a 10-degree angle and entered the southbound lanes . Investigators found 175 feet of tire marks left by the bus , indicating the driver tried to avoid crashing into the truck . Investigators will look for devices on those vehicles that might provide information about speeds , Rosekind said . One such device -- the electrical control module -- was destroyed by fire on the truck , he said . The electrical control module on the bus survived but "  we do n't know what 's actually on there , " he said . The truck transmission might also be examined to help determine that vehicle 's speed , he said . Blood samples should be obtained from the bodies of both drivers , which will provide information about whether drugs or alcohol might have been in their systems , he said . Blood samples also might tell investigators if the drivers had inhaled smoke from the fire , he said . He stressed that investigators are only collecting information now and are n't coming to conclusions about the cause of the accident . Bonnie Duran told the CNN affiliate KOVR the truck was on fire before it hit the bus . She said she made a quick decision to swerve to avoid a direct hit from the truck , sending their rental car into a ditch . "  Somehow we survived , " she said . Her husband said it was like a scene from a movie . "  I looked over and saw the FedEx truck coming straight for me , " Joe Duran told the affiliate . "  It was like a 3-D movie . Imagine a Mack truck coming out of a movie . " The Durans were hospitalized and released . Students traveling from the L.A. area The students were traveling from the Los Angeles area to take part in a program at Humboldt State University , which allows prospective attendees to visit the campus . Their journey ended in the fiery wreck 90 miles north of Sacramento when the truck hit one of three buses taking the teens to the campus in Arcarta . The students on the buses represented 31 Southern California high schools . They were heading to "  Spring Preview Plus , " which invites low-income and first-generation prospective students to the university . As part of the program , students stay in residence halls , attend events and visit with staff and students from a program that helps historically underrepresented students , the university said . The two other buses in the caravan made it to the university . Those students were placed in dorms , and the university is offering them counseling . Engaged couple among victims of California bus crash	NEW : Witnesseses tell NTSB the FedEx truck was on fire before hitting bus "  It was like a 3-D movie , " said a man in a car that was clipped by the truck A FedEx truck crossed the median , collided with the bus about 100 miles north of Sacramento The collision killed both drivers , five students and three chaperones
CNN  -- Proponents of same-sex marriage got a boost on two fronts Monday , when the governor of Washington signed a bill legalizing marriage for gay and lesbian couples and the New Jersey state Senate voted 24-16 in favor of a similar bill . The New Jersey bill now goes to the Assembly , which is slated to vote Thursday . "  We 're cautiously optimistic " about its chances for passage , said Steven Goldstein , a spokesman for Garden State Equality , which has lobbied for the bill . But the legislation is threatened in both states . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said last month that the issue "  should not be decided by 121 people in the State House in Trenton . " Instead , he favors a statewide referendum . "  I think that this is not an issue that should rest solely in my hands , in the hands of the Senate president or in the hands of the speaker or the other 118 members of the Legislature , " he said . "  Let 's let the people of New Jersey decide what is right for the state . " If he vetoes the measure , "  the battle for overriding the veto begins , " Goldstein said . Gov. Chris Gregoire 's signature to legislation legalizing same-sex marriage added her state to a list that includes Massachusetts , Vermont , New Hampshire , Connecticut , Iowa , New York and the District of Columbia . The law will go into effect in June , when the legislative session ends , but opponents have vowed to try to halt its implementation by putting it on the November ballot . That possibility did not appear to dampen the spirits of those who attended the bill-signing ceremony . "  We have finally said yes to marriage equality , " Gregoire said to applause moments before signing the bill . "  It gives same-sex couples the same right to a marriage license as heterosexual couples . " She noted that churches are not required to perform same-sex marriages under the law and expressed confidence that , if put to a state-wide vote , Washingtonians would back the measure . "  I believe our Washingtonians will say yes because it 's time for us to stand up for our sons and daughters , our brothers and sisters , our moms and dads , our friends and the couple down the road , " she said . "  It is time to give our loving gay and lesbian couples the right to a marriage license in Washington state . " But the news for same-sex marriage advocates is not all positive . In states where legislators have passed Defense of Marriage Acts , which define marriage as being between a man and a woman only , they are taking defensive action . North Carolina is set to vote in a May primary election on such an act , and Minnesota is to hold such a vote in November . In 2009 , Maine legislators passed a same-sex marriage bill that drew challenges by opponents who pushed for a referendum that ultimately overturned the law with 53 % of the vote . Proponents are trying to get it back on the ballot this year . Gay rights advocates have garnered thousands of signatures in an effort to force a second referendum in November . In California , a 2008 public vote outlawed gay and lesbian couples ' right to wed. . Two years later , a federal district court overturned the voter-approved measure known as Proposition 8 , saying couples were unfairly denied their rights . A federal appeals court ruled last week against California 's ban , arguing that it unconstitutionally singles out gays and lesbians for discrimination . The ban has remained in place during the appeals process and could soon get a ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court . Similar battles have unfolded in Maryland , where same-sex marriage opponents have pressed for referenda to counter bills that appear to enjoy growing support in their statehouse . The National Organization for Marriage , which opposes same-sex marriage , predicted that the referenda will block the marriages from taking place . "  Ultimately , the people are going to decide , and we 're confident that the people will vote to protect marriage as the union between a man and a woman , " President Brian Brown said . "  The legislature 's decision is a decision against the will of the people . " Marriage , he said , is by definition the union of a man and a woman . "  The state did not create that definition ; the state merely recognizes it . " Statewide votes are not the way to handle the issue , according to Thalia Zepatos , director of public engagement for Freedom to Marry . "  The question I like to pose to people is : Would you like the entire state to vote on whether you could marry your husband or wife ? " she asked . But the trend among Americans seems to be moving toward acceptance of the practice . A CNN/ORC International Poll carried out in September found that 53 % of respondents said marriages between gay or lesbian couples should be recognized as valid , up from 44 % in 2009 . The poll had a sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . In September 's poll , Democrats favored recognizing them as valid by 67 % to 31 % , independents by 53 % to 46 % . Just 30 % of Republicans said they favored recognizing same-sex marriage as valid , versus 69 % who did not . Those results had a sampling error of plus or minus 6 points .	Washington 's governor signs a bill approving same-sex marriage New Jersey Senate approves a similar measure But same-sex marriage remains uncertain in both states
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A radical cleric imprisoned for his role in a deadly Pakistan mosque siege has vowed to continue his campaign to impose hardline Islamic law in his first sermon since being released . Maulana Abdul Aziz gave his first sermon since being released from house arrest . Maulana Abdul Aziz was freed on Thursday -- nearly two years after siege at Islamabad 's Red Mosque that left 90 people dead , including Aziz 's son and brother . Addressing Friday prayers in the battle-scarred mosque , Aziz said he was willing to see more blood spilled for his cause . "  My only son was killed for this great mission of Islam , " he told a capacity crowd at the mosque . "  If I had 100 sons , I would ask them to die for Islam . " Aziz was arrested after the Pakistani government laid siege to the mosque in July 2007 to crack down on its efforts to promote Taliban-style sharia law . He was seized while trying to sneak away disguised with a women 's burqa . He was held under house arrest until Pakistan 's Supreme Court allowed his release late Thursday . It was the latest in a series of concessions by the government of President Asif Ali Zardari to Islamist militants . During Friday 's sermon , Aziz argued that his supporters ' fierce resistance during the siege , helped lead to a recent peace deal between the Pakistani government and Taliban militants in Pakistan 's northwestern Swat Valley . This week , Zardari signed an agreement , allowing Taliban fighters to implement sharia law in Swat . In an interview with CNN , Aziz 's spokesman Mohammed Amir Siddique said the cleric had no direct ties with the Taliban , but added "  We support them morally . " Aziz 's sermon coincided with new international efforts to help combat extremism in Pakistan , seen as key to regional stability -- particularly in neighboring Afghanistan . At an international donors conference in Tokyo , countries including the United States and Saudi Arabia reportedly offered a total of $ 5 billion in aid to help boost economic development and improve security .	Cleric Maulana Abdul Aziz was freed from house arrest on Thursday Aziz was held for his role in 2007 mosque siege Cleric 's spokesman says he supports the Taliban
CNN  -- Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris was rebounding Saturday after hundreds of flights were canceled because of a shortage of de-icing fluid during snow and ice that snarled air traffic across Europe , authorities said . Flight delays at de Gaulle were expected to decrease as the day went on . Officials could not give an exact number of flight cancellations . The weather improved Saturday and shipments of de-icing fluid from Charlotte , North Carolina , and Germany , will help alleviate future problems , officials said . Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet , minister for transportation and ecology , said she wants more information on the fluid shortage . About 300 people who spent the night at the airport were provided with food and blankets , officials said . Transport ministry official Thierry Mariani paid them a visit and volunteers provided stuff animals for children and gifts of chocolate . Some passengers and others were critical of what happened at de Gaulle , but officials blamed the situation largely on the weather . Air France CEO Pierre-Henri Gourgeoan told the news agency AFP the airline had not been informed of the problems . "  It is surprising and somewhat -LSB- impermissible -RSB- that an airport such as Roissy Charles de Gaulle could experience such a supply problem . It is an isolated case in Europe , " said Gourgeoan . Meanwhile , the Brussels , Belgium , airport reported that operations were nearly back to normal Saturday , with two of three runways operational . Gatwick Airport and Heathrow Airports in London said airlines were operating , but some delays or cancellations were possible . Airports across Europe are still struggling to get passengers to their destinations after they were snarled by unexpected snow over the weekend . Nearly 2,000 passengers at de Gaulle were moved from Terminal 2E to other parts of the airport on Friday because of the weight of snow on a roof , French authorities said , calling the measure "  preventative . " Part of the roof of that terminal collapsed in 2004 , shortly after the state-of-the-art building was inaugurated . Four people were killed , media reports at the time said . About a foot of snow had fallen on the roof Friday by the time authorities decided to close the terminal , French media reports said . French authorities earlier Friday asked airlines to cancel half their morning flights to and from the airport because the de-icing fluid was running low . That led to the cancellation of 400 flights Friday morning -- 200 arrivals and 200 departures . Then , early in the afternoon , authorities asked airlines to scrap a third of their flights for the rest of the day . Charles de Gaulle is the second busiest airport in Europe , after Heathrow in London . Paris ' second airport , Orly , has not had to cancel flights because it is not running out of glycol , which is using for de-icing , authorities said . CNN 's Niki Cook and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials will investigate de-icing fluid shortage Christmas Day brings smoother operations at Charles de Gaulle Airport About a foot of snow falls on the de Gaulle roof , forcing a partial evacuation European airports are recovering from long delays
CNN  -- The FBI on Monday arrested the mayor of Birmingham , Alabama , on federal charges including conspiracy , bribery , fraud , money laundering and filing false income tax returns . Mayor Larry Langford , right , appears at a news conference Monday in Birmingham , Alabama . Larry Langford , 62 , is named in an indictment that alleges criminal activity while he was a county commissioner , said U.S. Attorney Alice Martin . As president of the Jefferson County Commission and head of its department of finance and general services from November 2002 until about November 2006 , Langford put his personal affairs ahead of those of the county , Martin said . "  Our investigation has revealed , and the indictment alleges , that Langford sold his public office to his friends and political supporters , " Martin said . Also named in the 101-count indictment are William Blount , 55 , a Montgomery , Alabama , investment banker , and Albert LaPierre , 58 , a Birmingham lobbyist , neither of whom returned calls from CNN . "  Langford steered lucrative business to William Blount and his company and he , in turn , earned in excess of $ 7.1 million and , with the help of lobbyist Albert LaPierre , they ensured that Larry Langford 's crushing personal debts were paid off through payoffs of loans , store charge accounts , purchases of clothing and jewelry and other items of value that exceeded $ 230,000 over a period from 2002 to 2006 , " Martin said . The allegations go back to a 1996 consent decree entered into by the commission to bring Jefferson County into compliance with the Clean Water Act , which required authorizing billions of dollars in transactions . After making his first appearance in U.S. District Court on Monday , Langford appeared outside the courthouse with his lawyer , who said he had told his client not to talk to reporters . "  He 's got a city to run and right now , or very shortly , he 's headed back to City Hall , " the lawyer said . An indictment on some counts was returned in June to ensure they were not rendered moot by a five-year statute of limitations , Martin said . The superseding indictment returned last Tuesday by a federal grand jury was unsealed Monday after Langford 's arrest . The other two men named in the indictment agreed to turn themselves in , she said . Langford conspired with Blount and LaPierre "  to solicit and to accept bribes , to use influence and position to ensure that Blount and his company , Blount Parrish Inc. , was involved in Jefferson County 's bonds and swap transactions related to multibillion-dollar sewer debt , " Martin said . Though the financing was set up by then-big financial institutions -- including J.P. Morgan , Goldman Sachs , Lehman Brothers and Bank of America -- "  Langford used his position to make it a condition that those financial institutions include Blount Parrish in the financing deals and paid Blount Parrish a fee in order to get the county financing business , " Martin said . She cited an October 2003 financial transaction that included Bank of America and Lehman Special Financing Corp. that required Lehman to pay an "  arrangement fee " of $ 35,000 to Blount 's company . In all , she said , Blount and his company received $ 7.1 million in fees related to Jefferson County 's financial transactions . In turn , Blount paid lobbyist LaPierre approximately $ 219,000 for "  consulting fees , " Martin said . She added , "  Through a web of financing agreements , Langford required many institutions to use Blount as a consultant so Blount would make fees and in turn pay off Langford . It was a classic pay-to-play scheme . " Martin said Blount and Langford traveled together to New York , where Blount bought Langford clothing and jewelry from high-end stores that included Tourneau , Zegna , Ferragamo and Turnbull & Asser . In addition , Blount bought Rolex watches and other jewelry for Langford from a Birmingham store , Martin said . Federal authorities are seeking criminal forfeiture of about $ 7.6 million from each of the men . Langford is named in 60 counts of the superseding indictment ; Blount in 43 counts ; and LaPierre in 22 counts . In addition to the fines , each defendant would face a maximum of 10 years for each bribery and money-laundering count , 20 years for each fraud count , five years for the conspiracy count and three years for each tax count . In a written statement , the mayor 's office said city business will continue as usual . "  We are glad the mayor will finally have his day in court , " said Langford 's chief of staff , Deborah Vance-Bowie . "  As members of his team , we stand behind him and look forward to the day when we can return the focus to the important issues before the city . " A public information officer said the president of the current five-member Jefferson County Commission , Bettye Collins , would have no comment	Larry Langford engaged in fraud , bribery , indictment says Investment banker and lobbyist also named in indictment Prosecutor describes "  web of financing agreements " among the three Langford attorney says he told Langford not to talk to media and "  he 's got a city to run "
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Muifa killed at least 10 people and damaged an estimated 2,400 acres of of farmland when it made landfall in North Korea , state-run news agency KCNA reported Tuesday . The agency estimated more than 100 homes were damaged in the South Hwanghae province , in the country 's southwest . Power poles collapsed throughout the province , causing blackouts in some areas , the agency said . In neighboring China , officials estimated the storm caused about 3 billion yuan  $ 466 million  in damage , the state news agency Xinhua said . The Chinese flood control and drought relief headquarters estimated the torrential rains affected the 1.74 million local residents living in Shanghai and surrounding provinces , Xinhua said . Muifa made landfall in North Korea as a typhoon on Monday , bringing heavy rainfall and gusty winds , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . The storm , which was downgraded to a tropical storm after making landfall , came ashore about 7 p.m. Monday  6 a.m. Monday ET  . Four people died and two others were reported missing in Seoul , South Korea , where the storm passed Monday evening , the semi-official Yonhap news agency reported . At least 490,000 people were evacuated from Shandong and Liaoning provinces in eastern China , Xinhua reported . No deaths or injuries were reported . In the city of Dalian , in Liaoning , authorities were able to avert the spill of toxic chemicals from an industrial plant after 65-foot  20-meter  waves broke through a dike protecting the area and threatened to flood the plant , according to Xinhua . Workers dumped concrete and rocks to fill in the hole . The plant contains carcinogenic chemicals used to make polyester film and fabrics , Xinhua said .	NEW : Tropical Storm Mufia kills 10 in North Korea , a state-run news agency said NEW : China reports nearly half a billion dollars in damage The storm made landfall in North Korea Monday Four deaths are reported in South Korea , the Yonhap news agency reports
CNN  -- An elderly woman who was known as Colombia 's "  Queen of Cocaine " was gunned down in the northwestern city of Medellin , police said Tuesday . Griselda Blanco , 69 , was killed by two bullets at close range -- a violent end not unlike the ones that authorities say she ordered during her prime in the 1970s and 1980s . Witnesses heard the roar of a motorcycle and two gunshots Monday afternoon , Medellin police spokesman Diego Chavarria said . By the time authorities arrived at the scene in Belen , a residential neighborhood in Medellin , they found Blanco lying on the ground in a pool of blood . Blanco , also known as "  the godmother " and "  mafia 's mother , " gained notoriety in the 1970s and '80s when , authorities say , she was responsible for shipping multi-ton shipments of cocaine from Colombia to Miami . She was also the mastermind , investigators say , of countless murders . She was also linked to drug lord Pablo Escobar . Previously on CNN.com : Alleged leader of Colombia 's Rastrojos drug gang arrested In 1975 , Blanco was charged in Miami with conspiring to manufacture , smuggle and distribute cocaine in the United States . For the next decade , she lived in Colombia , using false names and documents to hide from authorities . The Drug Enforcement Administration arrested Blanco in Irvine , California , in 1985 . She was convicted and sentenced to six years in prison . But prosecutors were not done with her . Blanco was charged in 1994 with ordering three murders in the Miami area . The killings -- including that of 3-year-old Johnny Castro , who was shot while riding in a car with his targeted father -- happened in 1982 . Talking about her case at the time she was charged , Al Singleton , a sergeant with the Metro Dade Police Department , said police believed Blanco was responsible for dozens of murders in the Miami area . "  If she was not one of the most prolific traffickers in the Miami area , she clearly was one of the most violent . We 've got her , conservatively , estimating her to be involved in at least 40 homicides between Miami , Queens and Broward County , " he said at the time . After serving her sentence , Blanco was deported to her native Colombia in 2004 , where she apparently lived a quiet life . Local media reported that she was gunned down as she was leaving a butcher shop with a pregnant daughter-in-law , who was not injured . According to a report by CNN affiliate Caracol TV , Blanco was the mother of four children . One of them is still serving a sentence for drug trafficking in the United States , and two were murdered . The fourth lives in Colombia . Colombia peace talks set for October	Griselda Blanco was a high-profile trafficker in Colombia and the United States She was released from a U.S. prison in 2004 She is believed to have been living a quiet life in Medellin She was gunned down Monday
WIRED  -- Got a few grand to spare for a $ 3,000 phone ? Yeah , we did n't think so . Nobody does -- and that 's a problem for the makers of luxury phones , such as Motorola , Bang & Olufson , LG and Vertu . Vertu makes phones starting at $ 6,000 and going up in price . After years of chasing the ultra-wealthy with exclusive devices that carry designer logos and promise craftsmanship from materials such as sapphire and stainless steel , luxury phone makers are now pulling back . "  The culture has shifted away from conspicuous consumption , so if you are going to have a super expensive product this may not be the time for it , " says Avi Greengart , research director for consumer devices at Current Analysis . Motorola has already gotten the memo . Earlier this week , the company reportedly canceled the Ivory E18 , a device tentatively priced around $ 3,000 . The phone had met with lack of interest from telecom carriers . Motorola declined to comment . If that sounds like an obvious outcome , perhaps it should n't . In the last few years , luxury phones had turned into an attractive new business , as designer houses rushed to get a foothold in the tech sector . Prada collaborated with LG to launch two LG Prada phones in Europe and Asia . Last September , Samsung launched the M75500 Night Effect phone , which carried the Emporio Armani insignia . A month later , Motorola offered a $ 2,000 phone , called the Aura , which was fashioned out of stainless steel and sported a 62-carat sapphire crystal lens . And then there 's Vertu , a company that makes true luxury phones , the cheapest of which costs about $ 6,000 . The recession put a spoke in those plans . And it 's not just the 401Ks of middle-class Americans that have been in peril . In Russia , many newly-minted billionaires saw their fortunes slip away with falling oil prices . By the first quarter this year , the U.S. economy had shrunk 5.5 percent . Even 50 Cent has complained about losing more than a few Benjamins on the stock market . And just like that , the crystal dominoes started to fall . Last October , Bang & Olufsen , whose phones retailed in Europe for more than $ 1,500 , shuttered its cellphone business as it decided to trim its costs and get out of non-profitable ventures . Motorola is the latest to pull back its luxury line . Luxury phones have never been a big phenomenon in North America , says Greengart . Their manufacturers have had better luck in emerging markets . But now even in those countries , where once 8 percent GDP growth seemed conservative , wealthy consumers are feeling the pinch . "  Super expensive , bling bling phones are big in markets where conspicuous consumption is a way to tell your countrymen you have arrived , " says Greengart . "  But now , it 's a very different economy for everyone . " Many of the troubles that the uber-expensive phones face are because they are created by companies whose main expertise is in targeting a mass market , says Frank Nuovo , former chief of design for Nokia and current head of Vertu . "  I did n't start this business to soak the phones in diamonds and jewels , " says Nuovo . "  The concept is same as a fine watch or a fabulous car . To be a true luxury product , you have to look at making something that does n't have an 18-month shelf life . " True luxury , as Nuovo defines it , does n't apply to a mere $ 2,000 phone : A Vertu device , soaked in platinum , can run up to $ 70,000 . The company 's one-off phones , designed in collaboration with luxury jewels house Boucheron , cost even more . Nuovo may have inadvertently hit on the real problem with luxury phones : Phones are still a very feature-driven products . They are products where the rapid advances in technology can rend older models obsolete very quickly . "  Phones are n't like a handbag where the fundamental utility remains the same and the design changes all the time , " says Greengart . But Nuovo is n't convinced . "  Take watches and cars , " he says . "  They all run the same but everyone has a unique way of delivering them stylistically . We can do the same with phones . " Despite the bumps on the road now , Nuovo says the luxury phones will bounce back and find an audience . "  It is no different than a fine watch or a car , " he says . "  If you take people who value something that is made extraordinarily well there will always be a group interested in it . " Vertu is determined to prove that . It will launch its latest handset the Carbon Fibre Ascent Ti in August . The phone is made of high-gloss carbon fiber and has a sandblasted titanium surface . The price tag ? $ 9,800 . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	The luxury phone market is in decline because of the recession Uber-high-end phones are more popular outside the U.S. Vertu makes luxury phones that start at $ 6,000 and go up in price Some phones pair with designer brands or are made from rare materials
CNN  -- Investigators suspect arson in a fire that heavily damaged a small post office in rural western Nevada Sunday morning , a U.S. Postal Service spokesman said . Investigators found anti-government graffiti on the walls and bullet holes in the building , Capt. Mark Reagan of the Sierra Fire Protection District said . "  It 's pretty bad , " said David Rupert , describing the damage to the Verdi , Nevada , post office , which is located about 10 miles from Reno . The fire began outside of the building , which houses postal boxes for about 800 residents , but water sprayed by firefighters soaked the mail inside , Rupert said . The wet but unburned mail was taken to a postal facility in Reno to be resorted and delivered to customers , he said . Agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and investigators from the U.S. Postal Inspector 's office are conducting the probe , he said . A sheriff 's deputy responding to a burglar alarm that sounded at about 4:30 a.m. discovered the fire , Reagan said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Anti-government graffiti , bullet holes found in building , fire official says Damage to Verdi , Nevada , post office is "  pretty bad , " postal spokesman says Firefighters soak mail while putting out the fire About 800 western Nevada residents get their mail there
The U.S. Government is expanding the number of commercial companies that can legally use unmanned aerial systems , often called UAVs or drones , but efforts to safely integrate them into the national airspace are not moving fast enough for some lawmakers . Wednesday the Federal Aviation Administration granted five new exemptions to four companies to operate the remote controlled aircraft for commercial purposes . The companies that received permission to fly the drones UAS , Trimble Navigation , VDOS Global , Clayco , and Woolpert , will use them to for aerial surveying , construction site monitoring and oil rig flare stack inspections . The drones will be under 55 pounds and must stay within sight of the operator . For decades hobbyists have been allowed to operate the remote controlled aircraft for recreational purposes close to the ground and away from airports , but any legal commercial use requires special exemptions from the FAA . "  Unmanned aircraft offer a tremendous opportunity to spur innovation and economic activity by enabling many businesses to develop better products and services for their customers and the American public , " Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a press release on Wednesday . "  We want to foster commercial uses of this exciting technology while taking a responsible approach to the safety of America 's airspace . " Earlier this year the FAA issued waivers to allow seven motion picture companies to use drones . The agency says a total of 167 requests for waivers have been received in 2014 . In a congressional hearing Wednesday lawmakers criticized the pace of the FAA 's efforts to integrate the drones into the national airspace . "  Road builders in Germany and farmers in France today are enjoying economic benefits from UAS because safety regulators there have found ways to permit such flights , " Congressman Frank LoBiondo said . "  I ca n't help but wonder , that if the Germans , the French and the Canadians do some of these things today , then why ca n't we also be doing that ? " Earlier this week in a letter to the FAA , obtained the Wall Street Journal , Amazon.com warned it could take its drone delivery development outside of the United States . "  Without approval of our testing in the United States , we will be forced to continue expanding our Prime Air R&D footprint abroad , " Paul Misener , Vice President of Global Public Policy wrote . In Wednesday 's hearing the FAA acknowledged that it was not moving fast enough . "  We all agree that that project is taking too long , " Peggy Gilligan , FAA Associate Administrator for Aviation Safety told the committee . "  We are moving forward with UAS integration through rule-making , as mandated by  Congress  . " The most significant risk for drone use and the challenge for regulators working to safely integrate them into the national airspace is the potential that one could hit a passenger plane . A drone could strike a wing and cause a fuel explosion or sucked into an engine potentially causing a catastrophic failure . "  We have all seen photos of the damage that can be cause to an airplane when a bird strikes in flight , " Captain Lee Moak of the Air Line Pilots Association Union told the committee . "  Unmanned aircraft can be much smaller or much larger than birds but they harbored added risk in that they carry batteries , motors and other hard metal components . " Last month in Oklahoma City a drone came within 20 feet of striking a plane , forcing the aircraft to take evasive action , according to FAA reports obtained by Sen. Diane Feinstein . More than 190 incidents were reported over the last nine months , including two dozen near collisions . And just this week it was revealed that a small drone narrowly missed a commercial airliner in July as it approached London 's Heathrow Airport . "  I 've got a quad copter on Christmas list as I suspect quite a few people do , " Congressman Blake Farenthold said at Wednesday 's hearing . "  I think this is a more dangerous scenario that you guys need to be putting a priority on . There are too many of these out here that are capable of going beyond couple hundred feet but actually going up to 6,000 feet , we 've got a problem and our failure to regulate them -- we 're going to have a genie out of the bottle issue . "	Five companies received permission to fly commercial drones from the FAA Wednesday Congress held a hearing that same day to criticize the pace at allowing drone use Officials at the FAA agreed with lawmakers that their process was moving too slowly
CNN  A man crashed through the gates of a Michigan Coast Guard station around 6 a.m. ET on Sunday , assaulted personnel and said he had a bomb in his truck , authorities said . No Coast Guard officials were injured in the incident in Grand Haven , said Petty Officer Christopher Yaw , a spokesman with the Ninth Coast Guard District . The city is on the eastern shore of Lake Michigan , about 36 miles  58 kilometers  west of Grand Rapids . According to Yaw , a man called saying that he had put a bomb in his truck . Coast Guard officials notified the command center for the Lake Michigan sector while ordering that all people be evacuated from the station , he said . After driving through the gates and parking his truck , the man "  gained access to the station building , " Yaw told CNN but provided no further details . He said the man , who authorities said is 34 , was confronted , subdued and turned over to the Grand Haven Department of Public Safety . Officials are continuing to search the grounds , and an explosives ordnance team is working with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , Yaw said . The incident was initially investigated as a possible "  domestic act of terrorism , " said Erin Von Tom of the Department of Public Safety . But no link to terrorism or a terrorist organization has been found , she said . Residents of a nearby condo complex were told to stay in their homes but were later allowed to leave . CNN 's Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	No explosives are found after a man drove through the gates at the Grand Haven Coast Guard station , authorities say Authorities say the man assaulted Coast Guard personnel and said he had a bomb in his truck
CNN  -- A purse used to smack a gunman at a Florida school board meeting has sold on eBay for $ 13,100 , the auction site said Wednesday . Proceeds from the sale will go to Salvage Santa , a charity started by Mike Jones that restores old bicycles and toys and gives them to children in the Florida Panhandle around the holidays . Jones is the security officer who police said shot and wounded 56-year-old Clay Duke after he took over a Bay District School Board meeting earlier in December , upset that the district had fired his wife . Duke later shot and killed himself . Before that , Duke allowed board member Ginger Littleton to leave the room , while ordering six of her colleagues to stay . But she came back , snuck up from behind Duke and swung her purse at his hand . The move did n't work : Duke kept control of the gun . But he did n't pull the trigger , and Littleton was allowed to leave a second time . A television reporter contacted Littleton and proposed that she put her faux crocodile leather purse up for sale on eBay . She said it was an easy decision , especially given that it would benefit Jones ' charity . "  The hero of the day was Mike Jones , " Littleton said . "  I thought , ` Wow , what closure for everyone . This was a way to tie everything up . ' " CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Ginger Littleton hit the gunman with the purse Clay Duke took over a school board meeting , upset that the district had fired his wife He later shot himself after a security officer wounded him Sales from the purse will go to charity
Paris , France  CNN  -- It 's been a life filled with the highest of highs , and the lowest of lows for tennis great Martina Navratilova . "  I think anybody that survives the communist system , they 're pretty tough ! " Navratilova told CNN . "  And then being gay on top of that , that was n't helpful . As they say , that which does not kill you makes you stronger , so I am pretty strong . " This year she needed all the strength gained from her amazing life to fight breast cancer while continuing to play tennis and commentate . CNN International was granted rare access to document Navratilova 's treatment . She decided to tell her story because she wants women to take better care of themselves and get regular mammograms -- not put it off like she had . "  I heard on February 24 , which is kind of my 9/11 . You do n't forget the day when your life is completely changed forever . Although I did not hear the word cancer , your biopsies  are  positive . I am like ` positive is usually good , wait a minute , that is not good , what does it mean ? ' " Navratilova said . She was diagnosed with the most common type of non-invasive breast cancer : ductal carcinoma in situ , or D.C.I.S. . In Navratilova 's case , the news was encouraging because the cancer was isolated and had not spread to surrounding tissue . Navratilova underwent a successful lumpectomy to remove the cancerous cells on March 15 . She said : "  I did n't need to have chemo . The surgery was minor . I was out of the hospital that day so nothing to really knock me on my butt and really suffer from , so I was fortunate that I got the kind of cancer that you can control this way . " In true Navratilova fashion , she wasted little time . Less than two weeks after the surgery , she competed in the 24.9-mile cycling portion of a triathlon in Waikoloa , Hawaii . Tennis legend Billie Jean King was n't surprised by Navratilova 's approach . "  She did n't miss a beat . That 's very Martina . She does n't sit around wondering or fidgeting . She just gets into action . She 's a woman of action . The way she played was that way and that 's how she lives her life . I mean , she 's still incredibly so fit in so many ways . " A couple of weeks after the triathlon Navratilova played an exhibition tennis match against Lindsay Davenport in Minneapolis , Minnesota . Davenport was impressed with how Navratilova coped with her diagnosis . "  She will beat this , if anyone can beat this she can , she is strong . It did strike me as odd that someone so physically fit who takes such pride in her health , in her eating , and all aspects of her life , was just amazing that you realize cancer can reach anybody . "  Martina is handling it so well and being such a leader about it and hopefully , obviously inspiring other women to continue to be checked , because if it can happen to Martina , it can happen to anybody . " The second part of Navratilova 's cancer treatment was radiation . She began her treatment on May 12 at L'Institut Curie in Paris , France . Her doctor , Alain Fourquet , said : "  We know that if we just do the surgery and nothing more there is a significant risk ... and by doing the whole breast radiotherapy we 're able to importantly and significantly decrease the rate of recurrence , which becomes very low after that kind of treatment . " Navratilova underwent radiation treatments at least four times a week over the course of six weeks . At first , she did n't notice much change . "  It 's very individual , I 'm feeling nothing . It 's weird you lay on the table and the treatment only lasts three or four minutes you know , they organize you ... I 'm marked on my breast where the radiation goes so that you 're positioned just right on the table , " she said . One of the reasons Navratilova wanted to undergo treatment in Paris was her commitment to the French Open . She was scheduled to commentate for the Tennis Channel and also compete in the legends doubles tournament with 1998 Wimbledon champion Jana Novotna . Weeks three and four of her treatment coincided with the tournament . Navratilova would start her day at the hospital , commentate in the afternoons , and then play tennis in the evenings . She said : "  I can work during the French Open and I 'll be finished just before Wimbledon , so it 's like you know , lucky me , it all worked out . It 's like the gods were saying everything 's not perfect for you but we 're still giving you a break because I have a non-invasive form of cancer and the way the treatment worked out I was able to stay with my life , with the way I had planned it . " As the French Open was ending though , Navratilova found herself at the low point of the treatment . "  I 'm getting a little sore and getting a little run down . I go upstairs , I take the steps , two stories , and I 'm getting a little more tired when I get to the top these days . Not bad ... but overall , yeah just a little sore , sort of like a pressure on your breast , like somebody puts you in sort of a grip and does n't let go , it 's not horrible yet , we 'll see . " Despite not feeling 100 percent , Navratilova competed in the French Open legends final on June 5 and won convincingly . She raised the trophy with Novotna by her side . Navratilova was ready for a break then . She wanted time to herself , out of the limelight to complete her remaining two weeks of radiation . The CNN team returned on the day of her final treatment and Navratilova was more than ready to be done with this chapter of her cancer treatment . On June 16 , Navratilova pulled up to the hospital -- like she had done more than two dozen times before -- but this time Novotna was with her . "  I said to Martina many times I am really grateful that I have this opportunity during this difficult time to spend this time with you , not only off the court , but also on the court and be part of something that is very special , " Novotna said . When the pair walked out the hospital later that day , Navratilova had the biggest smile on her face , she did a little dance , and then she tried to slide down the banister . "  Last day ! Last day ! Hallelujah ! We 're going to have a little party tonight to celebrate . It 's a different kind of celebration , but a celebration nonetheless and it was like saying to the  machine  : ` F *** you , I 'm out of here ! Never again . I 'm never going to see you again . Done , finished . ' " When asked if this was a time of forward thinking or reflection , Navratilova said : "  I 'll think about it , but I 'm just thankful that I caught it when I did , that I did n't wait another year and think , "  Oh I 'll just do that mammogram later " ... I 'll be very meticulous now about going to the doctor and getting those six month check ups and one year check ups . I 'm not going to let that lapse again . " Just two days later , Navratilova was on the move again -- to Wimbledon . It 's the tournament were she won a record nine singles titles . She was again providing analysis for the Tennis Channel and competing with Novotna for another legends crown . By then , Navratilova had started to feel like herself again . She said : "  You know because it was so gradual , I did n't realize how flat I was . I knew I did n't feel like myself but today I feel like I hit up in another higher plateau . The skin is pretty sensitive on my breast but one place , the rest is pretty good , but I did n't realize that emotionally I was just so flat , you know , because it happens so gradually . " During Wimbledon , Navratilova started feeling strong again . She was able to balance countless interview requests , appearances , Tennis Channel work -- and most importantly her time on the court . Novotna said : "  She needs tennis to feel good . Tennis means everything to her and I asked her : ` Martina , do you think you 'll be playing tennis when you 're 90 or 100 ? ' She said , for sure . I said , ` Well , if you 're still playing at 100 , I want to play with you . " Novotna and Navratilova won all three of their matches to reach the final and needed only two sets to win the Wimbledon legends title . They treated their fans to a special victory lap around the edges of court 1 -- each with one hand on the championship trophy . Navratilova said : "  Now I am happy that I sort of get to rest and take care of myself . I have n't really had a chance to cry . Ever since I was diagnosed it 's been pretty much non-stop , so I 'm glad to have some time in July and August to myself and really reset the clock and re-evaluate everything . "	Martina Navratilova tells inside story of beating breast cancer During treatment she played in legends tournament and did TV commentary at French Open Czech-born U.S. citizen Navratilova won 59 Grand Slam titles She now encourages women to get regular mammograms
CNN  -- The underwater search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane will effectively be put on hold this week , and may not resume until August at the very earliest , according to Australia 's top transport safety official . The new timeline means that once Bluefin-21 , the American underwater drone operated by a team on board the Australian Defense Vessel Ocean Shield , wraps up its work in a couple of days , it will be up to two months , if not longer , until new underwater vehicles are contracted and deployed in the hunt for MH370 . According to Martin Dolan , Chief Commissioner of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau , the Australian government will post its request for tenders for the next phase of the search in the next week or so . "  The aim would be to have to negotiate and agree to contract with a successful tender within two months of the release of the tender documentation , " Dolan said . The ATSB Chief would not comment on what role his Malaysian and Chinese counterparts have played in the process so far . Australian officials had previously suggested that new underwater assets could be in place in the southern Indian Ocean much earlier . Air Chief Marshall Angus Houston , who heads up the umbrella organization coordinating the search for MH370 , told Sky News Australia in early May that he hoped that new equipment be starting its work in the search zone off Western Australia sometime in June . Bluefin finishing up its search The current phase of the underwater search will officially wrap up on Wednesday , when the Bluefin-21 is expected to finish its last of more than 20 missions , some 1,600 kilometers off Western Australia , in waters than can exceed depths of 4,500 meters . Dolan says the ATSB expects that the Bluefin will have finished searching the areas around the four pings detected by the Ocean Shield on April 5 and April 8 . The acoustic signals are believed to have been from at least one of MH370 's black boxes , but to date , no trace of the missing Boeing 777 has been found . Officials have publicly said they would prefer the next phase of the underwater search , which could take up to a year , to be led by a single private contractor who will operate several underwater assets in the search zone . Appearing alongside Chinese and Malaysian officials at a news conference in Canberra on May 5 , Australia 's Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said search coordinators were specifically looking at side-scan sonar equipment that would be towed by a ship . Some towed sonar devices , such as the U.S. Navy 's Orion , can transmit data to the surface in real-time . They also have the capability of scanning a larger area than the Bluefin , which has been limited to some 40 square kilometers during each mission . Australia has estimated that the next phase of the underwater search will cost some $ 60 million . The breakdown of who pays for what still has n't been made public , but Malaysia and China are both expected to make significant contributions . Mapping the ocean floor Meanwhile , the Chinese survey ship , Zhu Kezhen , arrived in the search area on Saturday and has started its bathymetric survey , or underwater mapping of the ocean floor , according to Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Committee . The ship will work toward mapping some 60,000 square kilometers , roughly the area where authorities believe MH370 may have gone down . The ATSB says it will be joined by a contracted commercial survey vessel in early June . The data will be transferred once a week to Fremantle by another Chinese ship , the Haixun 01 , and then flown to Canberra for processing by Geoscience Australia , a government agency . The ATSB estimates it will take about three months to map the area in question . But search authorities are still considering the possibility that the MH370 search area could shift or be further refined in coming weeks , as it has several times since the flight vanished more than 11 weeks ago . Review of satellite data According to the ATSB 's Martin Dolan , the international group of experts continues to review satellite communications data from Inmarsat to determine the most likely area where the Boeing 777-200ER may have entered the water . Dolan said he expects the team , which is now meeting via teleconference , wo n't finish their review for at least another two to three weeks . "  It 's important for us to be sure that we have correctly defined the search area for this phase of the search , and it takes time to be sure , " he said . Analysis of a series of "  handshakes " between MH370 and an Inmarsat satellite combined with analysis of aircraft performance led search teams to their current location in the southern Indian Ocean . Family members of those on board the missing Malaysia Airlines flight have been pushing for the raw Inmarsat satellite data to be made public , so that it can be subject to independent review . Many do not believe authorities are searching in the correct place . Malaysian authorities have indicated they will make that data public on Tuesday , along with an explanation of how the team of experts arrived at its conclusion . Malaysia 's acting transport minister said Monday he is still confident in the team 's analysis . MH370 departed Kuala Lumpur for Beijing early on the morning of March 8 , carrying 239 passengers and crew . On March 24 , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak announced that the flight had ended in the southern Indian Ocean . READ MORE : MH370 : Raw satellite data to be released READ MORE : Movie-maker 's plan for MH370 thriller READ MORE : Three ways to prevent planes from vanishing CNN 's Saima Mohsin & Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report	Underwater hunt for MH370 will effectively be put on hold once Bluefin searches end New underwater vehicles not expected to join search for up to two months Satellite data to be released Tuesday ; some families believe search is in wrong spot MH370 , with 239 on board , disappeared on way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8
CNN  -- Spanish police say they 've arrested the man behind what 's been called the biggest cyberattack in history . The suspect , a 35-year-old Dutch citizen , traveled around Spain in a van he used as a mobile office , Spain 's National Police said in a statement Sunday . Police arrested him Thursday north of Barcelona , Spain , on a European arrest warrant at the request of judicial authorities in the Netherlands , the statement said . Authorities have not released his name , and a photo police issued showing his detention blurred his face . The arrest comes a month after Internet users around the globe faced slowed-down service during the prolonged denial-of-service assault on The Spamhaus Project , a European spam-fighting group . Security experts said the attack used more sophisticated techniques than most distributed denial of service , or DDoS , attacks and targeted the Web 's infrastructure , which led to other sites performing slowly . In a DDoS attack , computers flood a website with requests , overwhelming its servers and causing it to crash or become inaccessible for many users . Last month 's attack appears to be part of a fierce feud between organizations that monitor spam and try to block it and companies that accuse spam blockers of unjustly blacklisting them . The Spamhaus Project is a nonprofit that patrols the Internet for spammers and publishes a list of Web servers those spammers use . Matthew Prince , CEO of Internet security firm CloudFlare , estimates the group may be responsible for up to 80 % of all spam that gets blocked . And last month , the group added a new name to its blacklist , CyberBunker , and said spammers use the company as a host to spray junk mail across the Web . During his arrest , the suspect told authorities he was a diplomat and "  minister of telecommunications and foreign relations of the Republic of CyberBunker , " police said Sunday . Last month CyberBunker -- a Dutch company housed in a former NATO nuclear bunker -- did not take credit for the attack against Spamhaus but did n't shy away from talking about it . "  This here is the Internet community puking out Spamhaus , " Sven Olaf Kamphuis of CyberBunker told CNN in March . "  We 've had it with the guys . ... What we see right here is the Internet puking out a cancer . " Kamphuis and other critics say that Spamhaus oversteps its bounds and has essentially destroyed innocent websites in its spam-fighting efforts . "  Spamhaus itself is a more urgent danger " than spam , Kamphuis told CNN . "  Pointing at websites and saying they want it shut down and then they get it shut down without any court order . That is a significantly larger threat to internet and freedom of speech and net neutrality than anything else . " In a statement Friday , Spamhaus thanked Dutch authorities for last week 's arrest . "  Spamhaus will resolutely continue its mission to provide reliable protection against cyberthreats such as spam , malware and botnets and work with Internet service providers and organizations worldwide to create a safer Internet , " the organization said in a statement . CNN 's Al Goodman and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Police say the suspect traveled around Spain in a van he used as a mobile office He was arrested at the request of judicial authorities in the Netherlands Spanish police say the 35-year-old was behind a massive cyberattack last month
Istanbul  CNN  -- Riot police fired tear gas and water cannons Wednesday at hundreds of protesters trying to hold May Day demonstrations in Istanbul 's iconic Taksim Square in defiance of a ban . The clashes came as police locked down all roads leading to Istanbul 's main commercial district , after barring the annual Labor Day rally in Taksim Square for the first time in three years . Despite the shutdown , riots raged throughout densely populated parts of central Istanbul as demonstrators tried to reach the traditional May Day rally site . Activists and government officials traded accusations about who was responsible for the tensions . Istanbul Gov. Huseyin Avni Mutlu said 22 police officers were wounded from rocks and other objects thrown at them . "  We carried out a tremendously even-handed intervention , " he said . Mutlu said police detained 72 protesters in connection with the day 's events . Three protesters were injured , all of whom were members of "  marginal " leftist groups , Mutlu said . But human rights organizations said that number did not reflect the real number of people injured and accused police of recklessness . "  It is irresponsible for the governor to make these kinds of statements about the number of people injured , " said Umit Efe , head of the Istanbul branch of the Human Rights Association of Turkey . "  We are still gathering the numbers , but in just one hospital , we see 40 people have been admitted , mostly for head traumas and respiratory problems , " she said . "  So many gas bombs were thrown in Istanbul today , we should be looking at this from the viewpoint of attempt on life . " According to the Human Rights Association of Turkey , a 17-year-old activist is in critical condition after a gas canister hit her in the head at close range . Video footage showed the young woman collapsed on a sidewalk amid a growing cloud of tear gas . Seconds later , police rushed to the fallen girl , who was later taken to a hospital . Authorities say they refused to grant permission to trade unions and youth groups for demonstrations in Taksim Square because of a large-scale construction project in the area . But unions and youth groups say that the square is the historic site of May 1 activities and that they have a right to demonstrate there . City shutdown In a move that few Istanbul residents recall seeing before , authorities removed part of one bridge and raised a bridge over an estuary in an apparent effort to block demonstrators from approaching the traditional rallying ground . Groups carrying May 1 international workers ' day banners and chanting "  Long live Workers ' Day " as they sought to get to the square were dispersed using water cannons and tear gas in the city 's Besiktas district . Meanwhile , Istanbul is under a citywide shutdown . Authorities have closed roads and suspended public transportation to the square , including subways , buses and the ferry services that carry passengers between the city 's European and Asian sides . Youth groups have been canvassing Istanbul with posters that read , "  Bring your anger , and come to Taksim . " Thirty-four people were killed on May 1 , 1977 , in Istanbul when gunmen fired on demonstrations during a time of political upheaval in Turkey . Later , the 1980 junta declared May 1 celebrations illegal in Taksim Square . The May 1 demonstrations of the past three years took place under a heavy police presence .	Riot police fire tear gas and water cannons at protesters trying to reach Taksim Square Authorities say they barred access to the square because of construction work in the area Trade unions and youth groups say Taksim Square is the historic site of May 1 activities Istanbul authorities and human rights groups disagree on the number of people injured
Washington  CNN  -- The question of same-sex marriage went again before the U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday in the last of two oral arguments this week in separate appeals . This session dealt with the Defense of Marriage Act , passed by Congress in 1996 . It said , in part , that legally married same-sex couples can not enjoy the range of financial and other benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples . Here are five things we learned from arguments in this case : 1 . Opening the gateways A Supreme Court justice is sometimes like a fussy 8-year-old . She must eat her peas before any dessert . The dessert , of course , in the same sex-marriage cases are the constitutional "  equal protection questions " -- the ones that get to the heart of defining what marriage is all about , the ones the entire nation wants answered . The second day of hearings : Majority of justices raise questions But Wednesday 's green vegetables are the gateway or the jurisdictional barriers that must first be confronted . The justices spent the first 50 minutes of their two-hour argument deciding whether they should even be there . Can House Republicans defend the Defense of Marriage Act when the president refuses to do so ? It 's no small matter . The executive branch , by tradition and statute , is charged with defending acts of Congress . The Obama Justice Department was doing just that when DOMA was being adjudicated by a federal judge in New York . Then an abrupt about-face . So one house of Congress decided it had to step in . "  Let 's not confuse the issue of DOMA and the administration 's decision that it was unconstitutional , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told CNN last week . "  It is not their role to decide what 's constitutional . DOMA was a law that was passed by the House and Senate and signed into law by President Clinton . "  In our system of government , the administration does n't get to decide what 's constitutional -- the Supreme Court does . ... Our financing the lawsuit was to make sure the proper forum was used to make sure that we know what 's constitutional and what is n't . " Read and listen to two days ' of arguments for yourself Chief Justice John Roberts at argument seemed to agree , suggesting the White House was trying to have it both ways -- believing DOMA was unconstitutional but continuing to defend it anyway . If Obama "  has made a determination that executing the law by enforcing the terms is unconstitutional , I do n't see why he does n't have the courage of his convictions and execute not only the statute , but do it consistent with his view of the Constitution , rather than saying -- oh , we 'll wait until the Supreme Court tells us we have no choice . " Opinion : Chief justice reveals he 's fed up with Obama 2 . The moment , courtesy of Kagan Most hot-button Supreme Court cases have a "  moment , " a comment or heated exchange that leaves onlookers with mouths agape and reporters scribbling furiously to mine the gold . Wednesday 's memorable remarks came from Justice Elena Kagan , about 68 minutes into the arguments . Paul Clement , the attorney representing the House GOP , suggested that when DOMA was passed "  in 1996 , something was happening " -- states were considering whether to upset the "  traditional " view of marriage and include gay and lesbian couples . "  In a sense , " said Clement , "  it was forcing Congress to choose between its historic practice of deferring to the states and its historic practice of preferring uniformity . " Pause . Protesters pack Supreme Court grounds "  I 'm going to quote from the House Report here , " said Kagan firmly , referring to the official recommendation from various congressional committees on the law 's intent . "  That ` Congress decided to reflect an honor of collective moral judgment and to express moral disapproval of homosexuality . ' Is that what happened in 1996 ? " There were audible gasps in the courtroom . It deflated suggestions Congress merely wanted federal uniformity . "  When Congress targets a group that is not everybody 's favorite group in the world , that we look at those cases -- even if they 're not suspect -- with some rigor to say : Do we really think that Congress was doing this for uniformity reasons , or do we think that Congress ' judgment was infected by dislike , by fear , by animus ? " she asked . "  And whether that sends up a pretty good red flag that that 's what was going on . " It was a simple , direct and stunningly effective tactic by the so-called "  junior " justice . She did not need to express her own personal judicial views on the law . She let Congress ' own words speak for itself -- albeit in a 2013 political and social lens . New members to the bench have their own internal "  learning curve , " where they try to navigate the complexities and rhythms of their new home -- oral argument , opinion writing and the personal dynamics between one 's eight colleagues , all brilliant legal minds . But Kagan has seemed to pick things up quickly , especially remarkable since she 's the only current member of the Supreme Court never to have been a judge before . She is confident at oral argument and can write opinions quickly . She and Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who preceded Kagan by a year , have found their footing . In their own way , they have become forces unto themselves . 16 braves and humorous signs on same-sex marriage 3 . Court 's conservatives go tepid As subdued as the more liberal justices were Tuesday over California 's Proposition 8 , the voter initiative banning same-sex marriage , so conservatives appeared Wednesday over DOMA . Roberts and Justice Antonin Scalia have been known to dominate especially high-profile debates , by turns passionate , clever and funny . Much of their energy was missing when the debate turned to congressional authority . Roberta Kaplan , attorney for key plaintiff Edith Windsor , made a bold statement in favor of gay rights , saying a "  sea change " was happening in the country in favor of same-sex marriage . Such sweeping rhetoric from counsel is usually an invitation to a verbal smackdown from the justices . They like specifics , not speeches . Scalia had his chance for a tailor-made "  moment " of his own but did not pounce . By the numbers : Same-sex marriage "  Why are you so confident in that judgment ? " he asked mildly . "  How many states permit gay couples to marry ? " When told just nine , all Scalia could retort was , "  So there has been this sea change between now and 1996 . " The conservative justices were not exactly sitting on their hands , but aside from Justice Clarence Thomas , who never speaks at argument , their energy was noticeably absent . 4 . So is DOMA doomed ? It 's an almost reflexive attitude among many legal and political experts to downplay the influence Justice Anthony Kennedy possesses as the so-called swing vote among the divided conservative-liberal bench . Giving any one person in Washington that much credit just does n't seem right , in the view of some . He certainly has done everything in his power to dismiss it , calling his ability to make or break a hot-button appeal a "  myth . " But it was hard to ignore remarks Kennedy made about an hour into the argument , which may give cheer to gay rights supporters . He pointed out there are about 1100 various federal provisions that legally married same-sex couples can not use because of DOMA -- everything from taxes to family medical leave . "  Which in our society means that the federal government is intertwined with the citizens ' day-to-day life , you are at real risk of running in conflict with what has always been thought to be the essence of the state police power , which is to regulate marriage , divorce , custody , " he said . Woman at the center of the case They were brief comments , delivered in the typical droll manner that is the low-key justice . He never dominates arguments , but when he talks , ears perk up . Even the justices on the bench were looking his way , absorbing the impact of what Kennedy was trying to convey . Any real power would be felt behind the red velvet curtains of the courtroom , where all important opinions are written . That is where the court derives its power and authority and where the views of this 76-year-old Californian must be respected . 5 . Waiting for the final act So what 's next ? In short , the public waits while the justices write . The members will meet privately later this week in a special conference room -- just the nine of them with no clerks , staff or reporters allowed . There , the court is expected to vote -- at least preliminarily -- on the two same-sex marriage appeals . Opinion writing will commence , endless drafts will be exchanged among chambers and suggestions for changes will come flooding . Bit by bit , the makings of legal opinion take shape . Justices are free to change their mind midstream -- and they do . Witness Roberts last year during the challenge to the health care reform law championed by Obama . Government sources confirm Roberts switched sides several weeks after an initial vote and was the controlling vote to uphold Obamacare . The internal drama will play out over the next three months , unseen by the public . The court 's high profile will re-emerge when their ruling is issued , but the guessing game has already begun . Couple at the center of Prop 8 case	Supreme Court hears a challenge to the Defense of Marriage Act A key legal question : Can House defend DOMA when executive branch wo n't ? Justice Elena Kagan 's reading from 1996 act provides Wednesday 's "  moment " The high court 's conservatives were noticeably subdued
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday outlined his foreign policy vision and defended his record to date . What caught our experts ' ears was as much about what he did n't address as much as what he did . Obama lays out foreign policy challenges Here are their takeaways : 1 . Partner in Yemen still has problems : Obama 's call for a new $ 5 billion counter-terrorism fund to "  train , build capacity , and facilitate partner countries on the front lines " may find it tough going to achieve quick results . "  These resources will give us flexibility to fulfill different missions , including training security forces in Yemen who have gone on the offensive against al Qaeda ; supporting a multinational force to keep the peace in Somalia ; working with European allies to train a functioning security force and border patrol in Libya ; and facilitating French operations in Mali , " the President said . But the challenge in Yemen alone may be significant . Some U.S. officials believe the problem there is that neither the Yemeni forces nor al Qaeda operatives have fundamentally changed the territory they hold on the ground . Both sides are maneuvering , both attack and counterattack , but even with Yemeni military efforts , the basic power on the ground does n't shift for either side . The problem with Yemen 's military remains its inability to sustain itself in the field for a long period of time . There are additional challenges . In Libya , a training program is running into delays over how to ensure those being trained are not extremists . There is a similar challenge in training Syrian opposition forces . And in Nigeria , the U.S. military is legally banned from working with some Nigerian units because those units have been accused of human rights abuses . -- Barbara Starr , CNN Senior Pentagon Correspondent Transcript : Obama 's foreign policy address 2 . Looking through the right lens ? : The President spoke very little of the three-year civil war in Syria , addressing it primarily as a counter-terrorism challenge . He referenced support for the moderate opposition , a nod to a plan to increase training for rebels now fighting both forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad and extremists linked to al Qaeda . But Obama made scant mention of efforts to strengthen the political opposition and glossed over the year-long effort to bring the regime and opposition to the table for peace talks that broke down months ago and now seem dead in the water . Libya and Iraq were also treated mostly as a counter-terrorism challenge . The United States helped rid Libya of Moammar Gadhafi , but the country is now in the throes of a political crisis that is driving the current violence , which requires sustained diplomatic engagement . The withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq has also seen a lessening of high-level diplomatic attention while sectarian violence is again on the rise . The reduction of the U.S. military footprint must be matched with a redoubling of U.S. diplomatic engagement , and such a vision was lacking in the President 's speech by viewing these countries through a terrorism lens . -- Elise Labott , CNN Foreign Policy Reporter Five foreign policy headaches for Obama 3 . What about Syria ? Syria was going to be the headline today . I think what we got was this partnership fund with other nations that needs to be approved by Congress and we 'll look for supporting the moderate opposition on the ground more . Even if that does substantially change the situation down the road , the way it comes across here falls a little flat , especially with some of the buildup we 've seen leading into it . "  Defensive " is kind of the word here . Some of what has tainted or dampened the stance that the administration has taken even in the briefing room day-to-day is that it has been pushed into a defensive stance . This was a sweeping speech that kind of covered everything and was a chance for the President to list what seemed like every accomplishment of his administration . But it came across at times as a defensive , lawyerly answer to critics . -- Michelle Kosinski , CNN White House Correspondent 4 . Military action as a last resort : Administration officials were aware that Obama 's now infamous "  singles and doubles " comment during his recent trip to Asia struck many critics as small-minded . And they intended for his West Point address to place his recent foreign policy moves in the context of broader goals and values . On that count , the speech fell short of its target . The President instead delivered a familiar defense of current strategy with virtually no new policy announcements . At the core , he argued that after "  costly wars and continuing challenges at home , " military action must be a last resort . "  I would betray my duty to you and to the country we live in if I sent you into harm 's way simply because I saw a problem that needed fixing , " he said . The President 's strategy will instead continue to emphasize international partnerships and institutions . And he presented two of his most recent foreign policy challenges -- Ukraine and Iran -- as examples of where this strategy has worked , deterring a Russian invasion in the first , and bringing Tehran to the negotiating table in the second . -- Jim Sciutto , CNN Chief National Security Correspondent	U.S. officials still have questions about the Yemeni military 's ability An anti-terrorism strategy without diplomacy is a short-term fix , President says Obama presented a lawyerly defense of his foreign policy to date
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Ted Cruz has traded "  Green Eggs and Ham " for Cicero . The loquacious Texas Republican , with a penchant for memorable speeches , criticized President Barack Obama 's executive orders on immigration Thursday by adapting an address from the orator Cicero , warning of the demise of the Roman Republic . "  The words of Cicero , powerfully relevant 2077 years later , " the conservative said on the Senate floor . "  When President Obama do you mean to cease abusing our patience . How long is that madness of yours still to mock us . When is there to be an end to that unbridled audacity of yours , swaggering about as it does now , " Cruz intoned . "  What shall we who are the Senate tolerate , President Obama openly desirous to destroy the Constitution and this republic ? " he added . A Cruz spokeswoman explained the events Cicero warned of two millennia ago -- when the aristocrat Cataline , a champion of the poor , was attempting a coup -- apply to the current dispute over whether the President has the right to change immigration laws without the consent of Congress . She said the speech , which ran about four minutes , is "  almost verbatim " to how Cicero delivered it . "  It is incredible how accurately this narrative applies to today , " Catherin Frazier said . "  The President once said he could not take such action on immigration because he was not an emperor , yet today he is acting just as such . " "  For we have a resolution of the Senate , a formidable and authoritative decree against you , Mr. President . The wisdom of the republic is not at fault , nor the dignity of this senatorial body , " Cruz said . "  We alone , I say it openly , we the Senate are waiting in our duty to stop this lawless administration and its unconstitutional amnesty . " The historically themed speech clearly won points for creativity . But it might not have been surprising coming from the Princeton and Harvard trained lawyer . His most memorable words from the floor prior to this were when , during a lengthy filibuster-type speech related to President 's health care reform law , he read Dr. Seuss 's "  Green Eggs and Ham " as bedtime story for his children watching on C-SPAN .	Sen. Ted Cruz , a Republican of Texas , quoted Cicero in the Senate on Thursday Cruz cited the 2,000 year old speech as relevant to President Barack Obama Cruz is known for his literary references , which in the past have included Dr. Seuss
NEW YORK  CNN  -- When the Emperors Club VIP said it was sending Kristen , a call girl it described as a "  petite , very pretty brunette , 5 feet 5 inches , and 105 pounds , " Client 9 was pleased . Ashley Alexandra Dupre writes on her MySpace page : "  I have been broke and homeless . " "  Great , OK , wonderful , " he told the escort service 's booking agent , according to a federal affidavit . Client 9 , later revealed to be New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer , was caught arranging the liaison on a federal wiretap . It was the beginning of the end for him . For the woman at the heart of the prostitution scandal , it was just another step on what she calls an "  odyssey " of degrading abuse and high aspirations . Court documents reportedly identified Ashley Youmans -- now known as Ashley Alexandra Dupre -- as Kristen , the high-priced prostitute who met with Spitzer at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington on February 13 . Dupre is a 22-year-old would-be singer from New Jersey , the New York Times reported Wednesday . She has not been charged with any crime . Watch a report from Dupre 's apartment building " Dupre made a brief appearance Monday in U.S. Magistrate Court as a witness against four people charged with operating Emperor 's Club VIP , the prostitution ring , the Times said . Spitzer announced his resignation Wednesday as governor of New York , two days after reports of his connection to the Emperors Club VIP emerged . Dupre told the Times she 's mostly gone without sleep since the case became public . "  I just do n't want to be thought of as a monster , " Dupre told the newspaper . She revealed little else in the interview , but her MySpace page offered some insight into her background . Dupre writes that she left home at 17 to begin "  my odyssey to New York . " "  It was my decision , and I 've never looked back , " she writes . "  Left my hometown . Left a broken family . Left abuse . Left an older brother who had already split . Left and learned what it was like to have everything , and lose it , again and again . "  Learned what it was like to wake up one day and have the people you care about most gone . I have been alone . I have abused drugs . I have been broke and homeless . But , I survived , on my own . I am here , in NY because of my music . " Watch Kyle Youmans describe his sister as "  tough " " In her profile , Dupre says she moved to Manhattan to pursue her music career . "  I am all about my music , and my music is all about me , " she writes on her MySpace page . "  It flows from what I 've been through , what I 've seen and how I feel . " The page includes a picture of Dupre with the slogan "  what destroys me , strengthens me . " It also features a song titled "  What we want " recorded by Dupre , with lyrics including "  I know what you want , you got what I want , I know what you need , can you handle me ? " On the MySpace page , Dupre lists singers Etta James , Aretha Franklin and Celine Dion , as well as her brother , as her influences . She also offers some advice for those experiencing hard times . "  I made it . I 'm still here and I love who I am . If I never went through the hard times , I would not be able to appreciate the good ones , " Dupre writes . "  Cliché , yes , but I know it 's true . I have experienced just how hard it can be . I can honestly tell you to never dwell on the past , but build from it and keep moving forward . " Her brother , Kyle Youmans , told CNN he would not comment on the case or how his sister earns money , but he said she is "  the best sister you could have . " "  I 'm sticking by my sister , doing everything so she 'll be fine , " Youmans said . "  She 'll make it through . " The family is "  holding together " since the Spitzer scandal became public , he added . Dupre 's mother , Carolyn Capalbo , told the Times that she and her daughter were close , adding that "  she obviously got involved in something much larger than her . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	New York Times : Court documents identify the woman as Ashley Alexandra Dupre She has not been charged with any crime Dupre writes on her MySpace page that she abused drugs and has been homeless "  She 'll make it through , " her brother says
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic 's blistering start to the year has secured him a place at the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals even before the second Grand Slam event of the year . The Serbian has won 37 straight matches in 2011 , claiming the Australia Open and six other tournament titles . His most recent came at the Rome Masters on Sunday when he defeated world number one Rafael Nadal . He has now beaten Nadal in four finals this year , and was the man to end the Spaniard 's two-year winning run on clay in Madrid just over a week ago . And it was his victory in the final at Rome that handed the 23-year-old the 1,000 ranking points he required to ensure he will be at the finale of the season in London in November between the best eight players in the world . Djokovic 's last defeat came at the 2010 event at The O2 in the English capital when he lost to Roger Federer in the semifinals . CNN Blog : Djokovic 's dream year show no sign of slowing Since then he has raised his game to such an extent that he could claim the number one ranking from Nadal if he reaches the final of the French Open , that starts Sunday , even if the Spaniard retains his title . But Djokovic told the ATP 's official web site Nadal is still favorite in Paris : "  Let us be clear -- he is the king of clay and he is the best player ever to play on this surface . "  I have won against him twice in the last -LSB- nine -RSB- days which I think is an incredible achievement for me and it has given me a lot of confidence for the French Open . "  But this is only a couple of tournaments this year and he has been dominant on this surface for so many years . " Nadal is the only other player to secure a place at the ATP Tour Finals before the French Open when he achieved the feat in 2009 . After a hectic few weeks , Djokovic says he intends to put his feet up for a few days before focusing on the second Grand Slam tournament of the year . "  I am not going to touch the racket for the next four days , " Djokovic said . "  I have had enough for now and rest is very important right now to recover , and then I 'll get ready for Roland Garros , the most important tournament on this surface . "	Novak Djokovic qualifies for season-ending ATP World Tour Finals event in London World number two has won 37 straight matches and seven titles in 2011 Despite his imperious form the Serbian still claims Rafael Nadal is favorite for French Open Djokovic can be crowned world number one if he reaches the final at Roland Garros
CNN  -- Sandra Manzke paused a moment as an ATV whizzed by her small farm in Wardsboro , Vermont . With no hot water or electricity , Manzke took stock of her situation Wednesday , three days after the remnants of Hurricane Irene left the town largely marooned . She had a generator . Her two horses were alive . Eight inches of water in the basement was mostly gone . "  I am lucky , " she told CNN by phone . "  There are people with houses in the water . They 've lost everything . " Irene killed 43 people from Florida to New England as it marched up the Eastern Seaboard over the weekend , dumping torrential rain . Some of the worst flooding struck Vermont , New Jersey and upstate New York . Roughly 1 million customers remain without electricity from North Carolina to Maine , the U.S. Department of Energy said . Vermont transportation officials made emergency road repairs to more than a dozen previously isolated towns , officials said . Officials opened a makeshift road to Wardsboro , the last of them , late Wednesday . Many people in the community of about 900 could not leave their property because of road damage , Manzke said . Vermont National Guard helicopters were flying water , food , diapers , baby formula , blankets and cots to other towns where residents ca n't safely get in or out . About 12,000 customers remained without power Wednesday after the catastrophic flooding . Grocery stores and residents gave away food when their freezers no longer had electricity . Helicopters made drops Tuesday and Wednesday , said the Rev. Howard Gunter , pastor of Pittsfield Federated Church in central Vermont . "  People are remaining calm , " Gunter said . "  We 're encouraged to take of yourself and take care of your neighbor . " The town near the ski area of Killington may be without power for several weeks . That means no Internet service . "  I am fine , " the pastor said of the inconveniences . "  My wife and I were missionaries in a number of Third World countries . " At one point , more than 250 roads were closed in Vermont . "  Everyone wants the roads rebuilt , " said Mark Bosma , spokesman for Vermont Emergency Management . "  It gets you to a grocery store in another town . " But it will take weeks -- months in some places -- for roads to be fully repaired . Officials are telling residents to stay off the temporary roads as much as possible . "  All of these roads are extremely rough and intended for emergency vehicles and National Guard delivery vehicles only , " the state said . "  Please stay off the roads unless you have an emergency . This will help speed up permanent repairs . " Replacing washed-out bridges will take more time . Nora Wilson , town clerk in Marlboro , said some motorists are inhibiting repairs by getting on roads targeted by repair crews . "  Essentially , we 're still cut off , " Wilson said . "  Some people are not back in their homes yet . " Officials and residents in the town of 1,700 have checked in on each other . Most had electricity as of Wednesday , according to Wilson . Accustomed to snow storms and bad weather , many Marlboro residents previously stocked up on food and other supplies . Pittsfield , population 427 , reacted in its own special way to severe flooding . Residents had a town barbecue Tuesday . "  No one in this town was expecting the flooding to be what it was , and we 've all got ta eat , " said Jason Evans , the owner of the skiing enclave 's popular Clear River Tavern . Todd Trzaskos of Gaysville , east of Pittsfield , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night that people meet at the end of a bridge to get updates on conditions . Farmers with front-loaders are clearing roads and neighbors are checking in on each other and helping others leave unsafe houses , he said . In Wilmington , near the Green Mountain National Forest in southwest Vermont , consignment shop co-owners Suzette Kingman and Kathy Costello were able to salvage some items -- and a mannequin . "  Gucci pants that were like butter , " Costello said . "  Now they are like mud . " Not insured , the operators of the Fashion Plate say their landlord will repair the building . Manzke said the flooding has done severe damage to aging road infrastructure and culverts in and around Wardsboro . Proper long-term repairs are needed , she said . The part-time Florida resident also is concerned about Vermonters being able to get to work , or having enough options available , when the leaf-peepers and skiers arrive later this year . Still , Vermonters have come together this week . "  These are really small towns , " Bosma said . "  Everybody knows everybody . " The Rev. Pete Carlson , who oversees three congregations in Wardsboro , said he saw a house perched over a river , "  just hanging on . " He saw several tree company and utility trucks in the area Wednesday night . "  I am amazed at the amount of work that 's been done in three days , " Carlson said . "  These guys are working night and day . " The town , which has a lumber mill , is made up of hard-working people , he said . The churches have no committees , "  but everything gets done . " "  There is a remarkable group of folks over there , " said the Connecticut native . CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Amber Lyon contributed to this report .	NEW : Crews reach final stranded town National Guard helicopters drop supplies to several towns One town held a barbecue to show solidarity
Washington  CNN  -- The state-led push to legalize pot is a "  chronic " problem for the Obama administration . Marijuana is not only legal in Colorado and Washington , but cannabis has become a cottage industry complete with 420 sampler tours and shops where customers can buy pot brownies or candy in those two states . And New York and Florida could soon join the 20 states and the District of Columbia where medical marijuana is legal , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . The administration has taken a fuzzy stance on the matter : in states where it 's legal to puff , the government will pass on punishment . "  We 're going to see what happens in the experiments in Colorado and Washington , " President Barack Obama said in a recent interview with CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  The Department of Justice ... has said that we are going to continue to enforce federal laws . But in those states , we recognize that ... the federal government does n't have the resources to police whether somebody is smoking a joint on a corner . " That approach frustrates some in state and federal law enforcement â $ " including the head of the Drug Enforcement Agency , Michele Leonhart , who according to several media reports , blasted the administration 's approach during an annual sheriffs meeting last month . Jon Gettman , an assistant professor of criminal justice at Shenandoah University , said it is "  politically convenient " for the administration to allow the states to tackle pot policy rather than change the federal approach . "  They see social change happening and they 're caught between a rock and a hard place , " Gettman said . That social change includes a sea change in the way Americans view pot use . A CNN/ORC International poll last month showed that just over half the country â $ " 55 % â $ " supports marijuana legalization . This is up from the 16 % who felt that way a quarter century ago . Nearly three-quarters of those polled say alcohol is more dangerous than marijuana . Where pot is legal It 's a sentiment the president shares . "  As has been well documented , I smoked pot as a kid , and I view it as a bad habit and a vice , not very different from the cigarettes that I smoked as a young person up through a big chunk of my adult life , " the President told the New Yorker in a recent interview . "  I do n't think it is more dangerous than alcohol . " Shortly after the interview was published , the administration rushed to clarify the President 's position . It said the White House opposes a national move to decriminalize pot despite Obama 's personal views on marijuana use . Marijuana is currently classified under the Controlled Substances Act as "  Schedule I , " much like heroin or cocaine , with a high likelihood for abuse and no medical value . "  What is and is n't a Schedule I narcotic is a job for Congress , " Obama told Tapper during the CNN interview . However , the President did not say during the interview whether he would urge Congress to move to reclassify marijuana . Rep. Earl Blumenauer , D-Oregon , has been working to gather lawmaker signatures on a letter to Obama in support of reclassifying marijuana . The administration has previously indicated that it is unlikely to reclassify marijuana under a less stringent category of drugs . Frustration with what some lawmakers see as the administration 's mixed messaging on marijuana was evident during a House Government Operations Subcommittee hearing on Tuesday . When Michael Botticelli , deputy director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , hedged on answering whether cocaine , methamphetamine or marijuana is more dangerous and addictive Blumenauer pounced . "  If a professional like you can not answer clearly that meth is more dangerous than marijuana which every kid on the street knows , which every parent knows -- if you ca n't answer that maybe that 's why you are failing to educate people about the dangers , " he said . "  I do n't want kids smoking marijuana . ... But if the deputy director of the office of drug policy ca n't answer that question how do you expect high school kids to take you seriously ? " Feds working on new pot banking rules The administration has "  a bad political problem " when it comes to pot , said Kevin Sabet , an assistant professor at the University of Florida 's Drug Policy Institute . "  I think this is a very difficult position for them and they see it as a lose-lose , " said Sabet , who served as a drug policy adviser to both Republican and Democratic administrations and is on the board of directors of Smart Approaches to Marijuana , an anti-pot legalization group . "  They do n't want to alienate a voting bloc in favor of legalization . " Obama 's views so incensed the DEA director that Leonhart blew off a little steam about the topic during the annual meeting of the country 's sheriffs late last month , according to the Boston Herald . Sheriffs who were present told the paper she expressed frustration over Obama comparing smoking pot to consuming alcohol . "  Her comments are not necessarily unexpected , " said Dan Riffle , director of federal policies for the Marijuana Policy Project , a pro pot legalization group . There are a lot of folks who have spent the last 20 to 30 years fighting the war on drugs . It 's natural for them to revolt . " Still , the nation 's attitudes and laws regarding marijuana are changing . During a drug policy debate at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , in January , Texas Gov. Rick Perry said he advocated decriminalizing marijuana . But he stopped short of pushing for legalization . However , the stance , coming from a Republican who once ran for President seems to offer further evidence of a change toward views on marijuana even in conservative corners . "  As the governor of the second-largest state in the country , what I can do is start us on policies that can start us on the road towards decriminalization , " Perry said , adding that he views Colorado 's marijuana laws as constitutional but he opposes a federal mandate . The politics of pot even hovered over this year 's so-called "  Stoner Bowl " as teams from Colorado and Washington faced off in New Jersey , a state where it 's illegal to toke . As Super Bowl traffic curled through the Garden State toward Met Life Stadium , drivers had front row seats to an off-field battle of the billboards by pro and anti-marijuana legalization forces . "  Marijuana . Safer than alcohol ... and football , " boasted a billboard by the Marijuana Policy Project . "  Marijuana kills your drive . Do n't lose in the game of life , " read the counter by Smart Approaches to Marijuana . Pot and the Super Bowl Eventually though , both marijuana legalization advocates and opponents say , the federal government will have to clear the smoke . "  The real issue is : are we going to have a system where 25 states have legalization and 25 states do n't ? " Gettman said , adding , "  Things are going to change dramatically after the next two elections in 2014 and 2016 when more states pass this . " The direction of federal pot policy could be determined by upcoming midterms and the 2016 presidential election as states weigh whether to legalize marijuana . There 's big money at stake . Billionaire hedge fund manager George Soros gave $ 1 million in 2010 to help legalize marijuana in California , a vote which ultimately failed . He and fellow billionaires John Sperling and former Progressive Insurance chairman Peter Lewis , who died late last year , have donated millions to the pot legalization causes in a number of states . "  The long-hair , tie-dye types cut their hair and put on Armani suits and got very serious about pot , " Sabet said adding that opponents worry marijuana could become "  the next big tobacco " with billions of dollars at stake for a product they feel has serious health concerns . A slate of anti-government regulation , pro-states rights , GOP potential presidential candidates such as Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and Perry will find their positions on marijuana tested by factions within their party that oppose legalization . Rubio opposes legalizing or decriminalizing marijuana for recreational use but recently told the Tampa Bay Times that he is open to learning more about medical marijuana . Last year , during an interview with the Hoover Institution , Paul said he is opposed to legalization but does support decriminalization . One place for common ground might be in efforts to decriminalize the penalties for marijuana-related crimes , opponents and advocates say . The push to decriminalize pot has made for some unlikely partnerships . Obama on the problem of criminalizing marijuana use For example , liberal Democrat Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont teamed up with Paul , a tea party backed conservative on a measure aimed at changing mandatory minimum sentences for some crimes such like marijuana possession . The measure also has the support of Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , and Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah . Tea party backed Republican Rep. Raul Labrador , R-Idaho and Congressional Black Caucus member Rep. Robert Scott , D-Virginia have joined forces on a similar measure that would judges more wiggle room in sentencing . Obama , civil rights organizations and both pro and anti-marijuana legalization groups all acknowledge that minorities are often disproportionately incarcerated for pot-related crimes . "  My concern is when you end up having very heavy criminal penalties for individual users that have been applied unevenly and in some cases with a racial disparity , " Obama told Tapper during the CNN interview . "  I think that is a problem . "	Obama administration largely taking a pass on bumper crop of state pot laws State and federal lawmen frustrated by patchwork of pot laws , Obama administration attitude Midterm and 2016 elections could herald a change on nation 's marijuana policies Experts say the federal government will eventually have to step in
CNN  Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached for the May 2 fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao . In what Pacquiao 's promoter , Bob Arum , dubbed the "  fight of the century , " disagreements have hampered the release of the tickets because of questions over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter for the highly-anticipated Las Vegas event . "  There was a craze for tickets and under our agreement with Mayweather Promotions , we felt we were being deprived of our fair share of the tickets  from  the standpoint of number and location , " Arum told CNN . "  It was very , very important to my fighter Manny Pacquiao , to the Philippines people ... Manny has friends and family like you ca n't believe -- that will be in account for 800 or 900 tickets themselves . " The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $ 1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $ 11,000 on the secondary market . Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of next month 's fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao . The Nevada State Athletic Commission said Bayless , who has officiated more than 100 title contests , would take charge of the most anticipated bout in recent boxing history at the MGM Grand . The 64-year-old Nevada native , who has refereed five of Mayweather 's bouts and seven of Pacquiao 's , was described as "  the best referee out there " by Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach . And Nevada State Athletic Commission executive director Robert Bennett said : "  Kenny knows the pressure , stress and responsibility . "  He 's efficient and effective , and has proven to be successful over a number of years working in Las Vegas and other parts of the world . He 's one of the best referees in the world . " The commission also confirmed that three American judges -- Dave Moretti and Burt Clements of Nevada and Glenn Feldman of Connecticut -- had been appointed for the fight . "  I think we have the best judges , and Kenny Bayless is the best referee out there , " Roach said . "  I think he 's going to give us a fair fight . " The welterweight world title fight is likely to smash all revenue records and become the richest bout in the sport 's history , eclipsing the pay-per-view record of 2.4 million viewers for Mayweather 's fight against Oscar De La Hoya in 2007 . Speaking when the bout was confirmed in February , Pacquiao said : "  I am very happy that Floyd Mayweather and I can give the fans the fight they have wanted for so many years . "  They have waited long enough , and they deserve it . " Mayweather and Pacquiao have been considered the best pound-for-pound boxers of their generation but a host of issues -- including differences over drug testing protocols as well as revenue splits and broadcaster conflicts -- have stopped the two from meeting in the ring . Both are coming to the end of their careers and have established interests elsewhere . According to Forbes , Mayweather , 38 , is the highest paid athlete in world sport . Pacquiao , who is 36 , has run for political office in his native Philippines .	Promoter : Manny Pacquiao 's has between 800 and 900 friends who want tickets to historic Las Vegas clash Kenny Bayless named as referee in Mayweather-Pacquiao 's bout , dubbed the "  fight of the century "
A Montana teacher who served 31 days in jail for raping a 14-year-old girl who later killed herself must be re-sentenced , the Montana Supreme Court ordered Wednesday . The court ruled that Stacey Dean Rambold 's original sentence was inadequate and outside legislative guidelines , which it said should have ensured Rambold spend at least two years behind bars . The justices also barred Judge G. Todd Baugh , who drew a firestorm of criticism for levying the original sentence last year , from imposing the new sentence , saying a new judge was needed "  to preserve the appearance of fairness and justice . " Authorities said Rambold raped Cherise Morales , one of his students at a Billings , Montana , high school , in 2007 . Morales committed suicide in February 2010 , before the case went to trial . Rambold pleaded guilty to sexual intercourse without consent , and last year Baugh sentenced him to 15 years in prison , with all but 31 days suspended . That meant serving 31 days in jail and more than 14 years on probation . Baugh 's comments at the sentencing in August sparked controversy . He said the girl looked older than her years and was "  probably as much in control of the situation as was the defendant , " according to the Montana attorney general 's office , which appealed the sentence . In Wednesday 's decision , the state Supreme Court ruled that Baugh used an inapplicable statute to impose the 31-day sentence . When read properly , Montana law mandates a minimum four-year prison sentence -- with a suspension of no more than two years -- for the rape of children under 16 by someone at least three years older , the court ruled . Explaining its decision to give the new sentence to a different judge , the court blasted Baugh 's previous comments about the case . At the August sentencing , Baugh said the victim looked older than her years and was "  probably as much in control of the situation as was the defendant , " according to the Montana attorney general 's office . Baugh 's comments reflected an improper bias and "  cast serious doubt on the appearance of justice , " state Supreme Court Justice Michael E. Wheat wrote in Wednesday 's ruling . Baugh apologized for the comments in November . Writing to a judicial review board , he said : "  I am sorry I made those remarks . They focused on the victim when that aspect of the case should have been focused on the defendant . " But he defended the overall decision in December , calling it "  the right kind of sentence . " The review board filed a complaint against Baugh in February , saying his actions in the Rambold case "  eroded public confidence " in the judicial system . In Wednesday 's ruling , Wheat wrote that the state Supreme Court would address the complaint in a separate hearing . Baugh told CNN affiliate KTVQ in January that he would retire at the end of the year , and that his decision was n't related to the Rambold controversy . Authorities said Rambold had sexual relations with Morales in fall 2007 , when she was 14 and a student in one of his classes at Billings Senior High . She confided in a church group leader , and Rambold was charged in October 2008 .	Court : Man should have served at least two years behind bars Judge last year imposed 31-day sentence on a rapist whose victim committed suicide That judge is barred from imposing the new sentence Montana attorney general appealed the sentence
CNN  The barbaric , elaborately stage-managed video that showed Jordanian pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh being burned alive was a calculated move by ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi to weaken the resolve of Jordan and other Sunni Arab powers that have joined the U.S.-led coalition against the terror group . But the early signs indicate the video , which may have been shot a month ago , has had the opposite result , creating a significant backlash from Sunnis in the region . Spreading terror has worked before for ISIS , allowing it to punch above its weight . In the weeks before launching an assault on Mosul , Iraq , in June , the group released a series of gory videos showing the militants brutalizing and killing Iraqi soldiers they had captured . It put the scare in the Iraqi army . When ISIS fighters attacked Mosul , Iraqi soldiers turned and fled despite greatly outnumbering the attackers . Al-Baghdadi was no doubt hoping to pull off the same trick this time . The release of the video to coincide with Jordanian King Abdullah II 's visit to the United States may have been deliberate -- the optics of the Jordanian King in Washington served ISIS ' narrative of the kingdom being a vassal of the "  Crusaders . " But ISIS appears to have badly miscalculated . Al-Kasasbeh was from a prominent Sunni tribal family in Jordan , and his killing has sparked outrage . And if support in Jordan for King Abdullah 's involvement in the anti-ISIS coalition was lukewarm before , it is now red-hot . There has also been outrage across the Sunni Arab world , with the head of Egypt 's Al-Azhar University , Sunni Islam 's most prestigious center of learning , reportedly calling for ISIS fighters to be crucified . Indeed , while the video has electrified ISIS ' most hard-line supporters around the world , and will likely help persuade foreign fighters to join it rather than al Qaeda , it is also likely to shrink its potential pool of recruits . The reality is that burning to death a fellow Muslim is so at odds with mainstream Islamic teaching that even some ISIS sympathizers may have second thoughts . It 's a point underscored in November when Sulaimaan Samuel , a mentor in a UK Home Office scheme to prevent radicalization , said ISIS ' beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning was putting off young British Muslims from joining the group . In the long run , ISIS ' brutality is not a winning strategy , as al Qaeda has recognized . Exactly a year before the release of the video of the Jordanian pilot being burned alive , al Qaeda 's general command severed ties to ISIS for its excess brutality and killing of Muslims . In the coming weeks , Jordan is likely to step up its air campaign against ISIS in Syria and Iraq . But its greatest contribution to the anti-ISIS coalition will likely be its significant intelligence gathering capabilities in those two countries , which we can expect to be expanded . Jordan intelligence played a key role in gathering intelligence that led to the U.S. airstrike that killed Jordanian ISIS founder Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in Iraq in June 2006 . Of course , such expanded action carries the risk that ISIS and its supporters will retaliate with attacks in Jordan . The pre-dawn executions of Sajida al-Rishawi , an ISIS female icon who was part of a team that killed almost 60 in hotels in Amman in 2005 , and Ziad Karbouli , an al-Zarqawi aide captured in 2006 , has deeply angered the group . Plus , Jordan already had a significant home-grown radicalization problem -- as many as 2,000 Jordanians are believed to have traveled to Syria and Iraq to fight , many with ISIS . Meanwhile , several Jordanian fighters appeared in an ISIS video released last year calling for King Abdullah to be slaughtered . In addition , last summer saw significant pro-ISIS demonstrations in Zarqa  al-Zarqawi 's birthplace near Amman  and Ma'an  a southern desert tribal town  by extremists excited by ISIS ' declaration of an Islamic caliphate . Altogether , there are an estimated 9,000 pro-jihadi extremists in the kingdom , according to The Associated Press , and analysts fear that number is growing due to high unemployment and other socioeconomic problems that are creating a fertile atmosphere for recruitment . Another worry is the presence of extremists among the 620,000 Syrian refugees who have fled to Jordan . All that said , the picture in Jordan is not all gloomy -- its overwhelmingly Sunni population at least has meant there is relatively little sectarian tension . And the brutal burning to death of one of their own has also mobilized Jordan 's conservative tribes against ISIS . But in taking the fight to ISIS and its supporters inside and outside the kingdom , one thing is clear -- King Abdullah will need every ally he can get .	Paul Cruickshank : Video of Jordanian pilot being burned alive a calculated move But ISIS video has created significant backlash from Sunnis in region , he says In the long run , ISIS ' brutality is not a winning strategy , Cruickshank says
CNN  -- Creativity has taken center stage in recent years , with a slew of books , articles and TED talks extolling the virtues of imagination and exhorting young and old to go out and exercise their creative muscle . In a 2010 IBM poll of CEOs worldwide , creativity was identified as the single most important leadership trait for success , enabling businesses to rise above an increasingly complex environment . The future belongs to "  creators and empathizers , pattern recognizers and meaning makers , " declared author Daniel Pink in the introduction to his best-selling book "  A Whole New Mind : Why Right-Brainers Will Rule the Future . " Creativity also matters to our emotional well-being as we find our way in an uncertain , rapidly shifting world . Imagination underpins our ability to remain resilient during difficult and stressful times since creative people tend to be more tolerant of ambiguity and better able to come back from defeat . And yet , despite its growing importance , creativity suffers from an odd sort of paradox . According to psychologist and Wharton management professor Jennifer Mueller , research shows that even as people explicitly aspire to creativity and strongly endorse it as a fundamental driving force of positive change , they routinely reject creative ideas and show an implicit bias against them under conditions of uncertainty . Subjects in Mueller 's study also exhibited a failure to see or acknowledge creativity , even when directly presented with it . It would appear that we suffer from a bias against creativity . But we are in denial about it , possibly because of what it may say about us . "  Because there is such a strong social norm to endorse creativity , and people also feel authentic positive attitudes toward creativity , people may be reluctant to admit that they do not want creativity ; hence , the bias against creativity may be particularly slippery to diagnose , " Mueller and her colleagues suggest . Why the bias ? "  Creativity is doing something differently than you 've done before , " says Beau Lotto , a neuroscientist and founder of Lottolab , a hybrid art studio and science lab . From an evolutionary standpoint , uncertainty was a bad thing . "  If you were n't sure that there was a tiger in front of you , by the time you were sure it was too late , " Lotto observes . "  Our brains thus evolved to take uncertainty and make it certain . " Mueller says , "  We are intolerant of uncertainty in general . The more creative something is , the more novel it is . And the more novel it is , the greater the uncertainty we are likely to have about its feasibility . " These negative associations tend to be unacknowledged , and there is evidence that they are unconscious , as in the case of executives who demand creativity but continue to reject creative ideas . Herein , however , lies the dilemma : Creativity is what we need to help us get through times of greatest uncertainty and difficulty . And it 's exactly during those times , perhaps when we need it most , that we are least likely to embrace creativity . Imagination scares us because it demands a foray into the unknown . "  But only by going into a space of uncertainty can we do anything new , " Lotto says . "  That is a tremendous challenge , is n't it ? " Another reason for the bias against creativity may be the perception that something can either be creative or practical , but that much more rarely can it be both . Many  and perhaps even most  people hold the belief that for every success story such as Steve Jobs , the "  patron saint of the creative class , " there are thousands  or more  chronically unemployed and underemployed "  artists . " This belief gives rise to a duality , where practical and creative endeavors lead largely separate existences -- one slogged at during the workweek and the other indulged on nights and weekends , or dismissed as a luxury . The creativity versus practicality dissonance also manifested in aspects of Mueller 's research . She refers to the two separate mind-sets of the "  why " people and the "  how " people . People focused on "  why " tend to frame the world in more abstract ways . In general , they do n't tend to have feasibility concerns . Those who are in a "  how " mind-set , however , are so focused on feasibility that they are likely to overlook or dismiss creative ideas . "  Most boardrooms are all ` how , ' and the ` why ' is crushed , " Mueller says . "  This is why Steve Jobs was so remarkable . He had a solid grasp of the ` why ' and was also able to overcome objections to the ` how . ' He was able to overcome the reality distortion field . " The folly of seeking certainty There are a number of problems with our obsession with creating certainty , and the most important is that certainty does not exist . "  Certainty is an illusion ! A delusion ! " Lotto says . Or , as Clint Eastwood once said : "  If you want a guarantee , buy a toaster . " The second problem is that the more we seek to create tools to make life predictable -- from packaged foods to Starbucks , GPS devices to smartphones , Yelp to Trip Advisor -- the more we diminish aspects of our brains capable of dealing with the unexpected . "  Technology is an amazing empowerment and a huge disablement , " says Laura Richardson , principal designer at frog design . "  We are losing our capacity for resilience . " Richardson is a big believer in the "  MacGyver " manifesto .  MacGyver , of course , was the ever-resourceful television character who was able to solve complex problems with duct tape , paper clips and any other material he found handy . "  I remember being locked out of the house once when I was growing up , " Richardson says . "  I found an old ruler , somehow prodded up the window latch and got in . It was an amazing sense of accomplishment . " She says some of our best stories are about those times when we were forced into something and had to use ingenuity to find our way out . Richardson says she believes that the future favors the flexible . She quotes MAKE magazine founding editor Dale Dougherty , honored by the White House as a Champion of Change , who wrote : "  Our future security lies in knowing what we are capable of creating and how we can adapt to change by being resourceful . " Becoming comfortable with uncertainty Is it possible to overcome our inclination toward the predictable ? Mueller notes an important exception to our avoidance of the unknown . Research shows that the framing of uncertainty changes the way people react . "  We do n't mind uncertainty when it 's associated with something positive , like hope , " she says . "  Frame something positively , and people will behave differently . " David Kelley , founder of the design firm IDEO , observes , "  Creativity is being comfortable with having ideas and not fearing being judged when you put your ideas out there . " Kelley , recognized as one of America 's leading design innovators , is passionate about democratizing creativity by helping people develop creative confidence . He 's not , however , teaching people how to be creative . "  They are inherently creative , " Kelley says . "  All we are doing is taking away the blocks . " Those blocks form early , according to Kelley . Though young children are naturally and unabashedly creative , they either opt out of thinking of themselves as creative or have it hammered out of them in elementary school . "  A kind of atrophy sets in , when they start to trust their analytical minds but not their intuitive minds . " Removing those blocks has a great deal to do with fear . He suggests approaching the fear of creativity the same way you would approach any other kind of phobia , such as the fear of heights or snakes . Kelley finds that creative confidence carries over into other aspects of people 's lives -- in the way they solve problems , sing karaoke , throw dinner parties . "  Once you have done something dangerous and succeeded , you try it in other places . And you begin to learn how to synthesize your experience and intuition to make complex and important decisions . " With the challenges we are facing , we need to rethink what creativity means , Richardson says . We need to expand what we mean by creative . Creativity is not just about painting or drawing or art . It is about problem-solving . It 's the flexibility of your mind , the ability to see things that no one can see and envision something entirely different . We are creating the future , bringing about change . And there is something incredibly empowering about that .	People routinely reject and show bias against creative ideas , Amanda Enayati says Poll of CEOs : Creativity is the single most important leadership trait for success People reject creativity because of uncertainly -- but it 's needed to help us through uncertainty Innovator : Build confidence by treating fear of creativity like a phobia of heights or snakes
Phnom Penh , Cambodia  CNN  -- During the Khmer Rouge regime , I was put in prison at the age of 15 for picking mushrooms in the rice fields to feed my pregnant sister . Under the Khmer Rouge , everything belonged to the Revolution -- and picking up anything from the ground without their permission was a crime . For several hours in front of about one hundred villagers , the Khmer Rouge publicly tortured me . I did not cry , because I was told not to . Then , they put me in prison . Months later , after running out of lies to tell the prison chief while begging for my life , one of the older prisoners stepped forward and pleaded to the prison chief on my behalf . Surprisingly , the prison chief agreed and I was released . I came to learn much later , however , that in exchange for me , they killed him . My experience is a mere footnote to the millions of other Cambodians who suffered and died at the hands of this regime , but it is illustrative of the ongoing struggle to find justice and closure . 35 years on , top Khmer Rouge leaders face justice in Cambodia Trial ` will not bring back the dead ' When the verdict is announced in the first trial of the Khmer Rouge tribunal 's second case , there will be no winners and no cause for celebration . While the occasion marks an enormous achievement in Cambodia and the international community 's long struggle to assert the primacy of human rights , peace , and the rule of law , it is a victory that can only be marked with somber contemplation . We have come a long way in forging an international system to meet the challenge of responding to and punishing mass atrocities , but judgments do not bring back the dead or restore trust . No action can assuage the anguish , sadness , and regret that haunts the survivors to this day . Over 35 years after the fall of the Khmer Rouge regime , we still see the effects from this period in almost every facet of Cambodian society . From physical scars and disabilities , to trauma and psychosocial conditions , the horrors of this period continue to manifest themselves in survivors , families , communities and institutions . Suffering under the Khmer Rouge Many estimates found that more than a million people died under the Khmer Rouge between 1975 and 1979 from execution , disease , starvation and overwork . See places where Cambodia 's shocking past is on show Like many families , my mother , my deaf sister , Keo Kolthida Ekkasakh , and I , all suffered under the Khmer Rouge . And my mother lost all three of her brothers , one sister , one daughter and many grandchildren under the regime . Nearly 60 of our family members are still missing today . Society is still divided , and the memories of this period -- even memories of kindness -- carry a heavy burden . I will never forget the kind act of the man in prison . I do not even know the name of the man who saved my life . I have been searching for his family members for years , in the hope that I can pay my respect for the courage and kindness he showed me . ` Too little , too late ' Achieving true justice in these circumstances is an impossible feat for mankind , and an altogether late endeavor at best . Time and again , the international community has watched mass atrocities , genocide , and other heinous crimes proceed unchecked . INTERACTIVE : Five faces of Cambodia 's Khmer Rouge While our efforts in applying due process in the punishment of genocide and mass atrocities deserve recognition and respect , we should not overlook the paramount need for preventing such crimes before they occur . Prevention must be the watchword in defining our struggle , and our struggle against evil must begin with courage . We must have the courage to call out inhumanity when it occurs and take steps that prevent such crimes , rather than responding to their aftermath . We must seize the opportunity to stand up for what is right , no matter the circumstance , because we know that saving millions of lives today speaks far greater for our civilization than issuing verdicts tomorrow . This verdict regarding the two senior Khmer Rouge leaders matters a great deal to me , as should it for all Cambodians , because it gives some closure -- but closure is too little , too late for many . If only the international community would exercise the courage and resolve as the man in prison did for me , the world would need fewer verdicts . In 2013 : Infamous leader during Cambodia genocide dies	Youk Chhang was 15 when he survived imprisonment by Khmer Rouge An older prisoner stepped forward to save him who was later killed for his kind act Verdict in Cambodia over two senior Khmer Rouge leaders does n't bring back dead But verdict is enormous achievement in Cambodia
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Protests continued Friday in several California cities , including San Francisco , Palm Springs and Long Beach , over the passage of Proposition 8 , which outlaws same-sex marriage . The passage of California 's Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriages , has led to a number of protests . The ballot initiative , which passed 52.5 percent to 47.5 percent Tuesday , overturns a May ruling by the California Supreme Court that struck down a 2000 ban on same-sex unions . In San Francisco , an estimated 2,000 protesters marched down Market Street toward Dolores Park . The march stretched out for at least three city blocks , and the protesters completely blocked Market Street 's westbound lanes and the eastbound lanes in places . "  I believe that politics and religion should be completely separate , " protester Eric Rogers told CNN affiliate KGO-TV . "  This has been , actually , one of those lines that has been blurred by that . " "  It really feels personal . It feels like why would someone not want us to live in love and respect , " said protester Jayne Dean-McGilpin . A demonstration in Long Beach stretched out for five or six blocks . "  Hate is not hot , " read a banner at the front of the marchers . About 2,000 demonstrators marched in a peaceful protest in Long Beach , and a few hundred remained in the streets around 10 p.m.  1 a.m. ET  , said Sgt. David Marander of the Long Beach Police Department . Marander said Long Beach officers arrested three people after they tried to persuade others to leave the protest route that was described in a permit that organizers obtained for the march . At one point , demonstrators stopped at a street corner for a few moments to allow traffic to cross . Later , demonstrators congregated for about 20 minutes at the intersection of Broadway and Alameda Street , blocking traffic in all directions . The demonstrators then moved on before stopping at the intersection of Long Beach Boulevard and First Street , where many of them sat down in the street . After a few minutes , the demonstrators were on the move again . Police kept a watchful eye on the protesters but did not intervene . In Palm Springs , a crowd of several hundred gathered in front of the city hall , chanting "  Civil rights " and "  Tax the Church . " One sign read : "  We will not give up . " iReport.com : Your thoughts on gay marriage ? Several protesters surrounded an elderly looking woman , an apparent Proposition 8 supporter , and shouted at her . No arrests were reported at any of the demonstrations . In Salt Lake City , Utah , about 2,000 demonstrators gathered at Temple Square to protest against the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . The Mormon church strongly supported Proposition 8 , which amends California 's constitution to define marriage as legal only between one man and one woman . Proposition 8 opponents say the Salt Lake City-based church donated a majority of the money raised in support of the measure . The LDS Church believes it should not be singled out when other groups also supported the proposition . "  It is disturbing that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is being singled out for speaking up as part of its democratic right in a free election , " the church said in a statement Friday . On Thursday , Roman Catholic and Mormon leaders said their efforts did not target any specific group . The coalition of religious communities and citizens who supported Proposition 8 wanted to preserve "  the bedrock institution of marriage " between a man and a woman , said Cardinal Roger Mahoney , the Catholic archbishop of Los Angeles . "  Proposition 8 is not against any group in our society , " Mahoney said in a written statement . About 2,000 protesters picketed Thursday afternoon outside the Los Angeles temple of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . Several groups have petitioned the California Supreme Court to prevent the constitutional revision from taking effect . The American Civil Liberties Union , Lambda Legal and the National Center for Lesbian Rights have filed a lawsuit contending the ballot initiative was "  improperly used . " According to the three groups , "  such radical changes " as outlawing gay marriage can not be made by ballot initiative , but must , "  at a minimum , go through the state legislature first . " The groups also argue the measure takes away a "  fundamental right " from lesbian and gay Californians . The three organizations filed the legal challenges on behalf of Equality California and six same-sex couples who did not marry before Tuesday 's election , but would like to be able to wed now . The three groups contend that California must honor the marriages of the 18,000 lesbian and gay couples who have already married . Sunny Hostin , a CNN legal analyst , said Thursday it is unclear whether same-sex weddings that took place before Tuesday are still valid . Referring to those couples , she said , "  I think they really are in a legal limbo , a legal black hole . " Voters in Arizona and Florida also banned same-sex marriages in ballot initiatives Tuesday .	Protests continue over recent passage of same-sex marriage ban in California Measure overturns May ruling by California Supreme Court allowing gay marriages Legal status of same-sex weddings that occurred before ban remains unclear
CNN  -- As its relationship with the West worsen , Russia is pivoting east in an attempt to secure business with China . Chinese premier Li Keqiang is in Moscow for a meeting with his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev . Medvedev said ahead of the meeting China was Russia 's "  first foreign trade partner , " adding the volume of bilateral trade between the two countries doubled in the last six years . The two are hoping to sign dozens of trade pacts , including a huge gas deal agreed in May . Under the 30-year gas deal , Russian state-owned energy giant Gazprom will supply 38 billion cubic meters of gas to China each year starting 2019 . That is around 10 % of all Gazprom 's sales . The price was not made public , but is estimated at around $ 456 billion over the 30-year term . The deal was sealed at the height of the crisis in Ukraine . Europe is dependent on Russian energy , as around 30 % of Europe 's gas comes from Russia . A disruption to the flow would cause a major problem for Europe . Russia is hoping its economy will get a boost from its relationship with China . Sanctions imposed on Russia by Western countries in the light of the conflict in Ukraine have slowed down its economic growth . Russia 's Central Bank said the country 's growth rate will most likely drop further towards the end of 2014 . The IMF says that the Russian economy is in recession , and has lowered its growth forecast to just 0.2 % for the year .	Chinese premier Li Keqiang is meeting his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev The two hope to sign a number of business agreements , including a huge gas deal Russia is looking to China as Western sanctions hit its economic growth
CNN  -- A suspected arms dealer accused of conspiring to sell weapons to Colombian guerrillas was extradited Friday from Spain to the United States , the U.S. Justice Department said . Kassar is accused of conspiring to sell weapons to FARC rebels . Monzer al Kassar had been wanted for decades before he was arrested in an undercover operation in Spain last year . Justice Department officials say he has been a source of weapons and military equipment for armed combatants since the 1970s . He left Spain aboard a private plane accompanied by U.S. Drug Enforcement Agents and arrived in New York at 11:30 a.m. local time Friday  1530 GMT  , a DEA spokesman said . He is expected to appear before a federal magistrate in Manhattan before the end of the day . Kasser was arrested in Madrid a year ago by Spanish police working with undercover DEA officers posing as members of the FARC . The U.S. accuses Kassar and two other men of conspiring to sell millions of dollars ' worth of weapons to FARC , which the United States has designated a terrorist organization . The weapons included surface-to-air missile systems , rocket-propelled grenade launchers , thousands of machine guns , and millions of rounds of ammunition , according to a federal indictment . A Spanish court last week approved his extradition on four counts , including conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals . The two co-defendants , Tareq Mousa Al Ghazi and Luis Felipe Moreno Godoy , were both previously extradited to New York from Romania to face the same terrorism charges . All three could face life in prison . Kassar had told journalists before he was arrested that he had retired from arms dealing , but the U.S. says he had been involved since the 1970s , providing weapons and military equipment to armed factions in Nicaragua , Cyprus , Bosnia , Croatia , Iran , Iraq , Somalia , and elsewhere . CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden contributed to this report	U.S. Justice Department says accused arms dealer extradited to the U.S. Monzer al Kassar was arrested in Spain last year U.S. accuses him of trying to sell millions of dollars of weapons to guerrillas He is also accused of conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals
CNN  -- Frank Ocean says he 'll "  choose sanity " and let his fight with Chris Brown go . "  No criminal charges . No civil lawsuit , " Ocean said on his Tumblr page Saturday night . "  As a child , I thought if someone jumped me it would result in me murdering or mutilating a man , " the post said . "  But as a man i am not a killer . I 'm an artist and a modern person . I 'll choose sanity . " Authorities are investigating the January 27 brawl , in which Brown is accused of punching an unnamed victim on Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said in a statement the following day . Deputies responded to a call of six men fighting over a parking space at a recording studio , according to witnesses . Authorities did not name the man whom witnesses say Brown punched , but Ocean tweeted that it was him . "  G  ot jumped by chris and a couple guys . lol . i only wish everest was there , " Ocean wrote that night . "  C  ut my finger now I ca n't play w two hands at the grammys . " Everest is Ocean 's dog . Ocean also tweeted that he cut his finger and wo n't be able to play with "  two hands " at the Grammys . Ocean is nominated for six awards at the February 10 show , including Album of the Year , Record of the Year and Best Urban Contemporary Album , where his competition includes none other than Brown . According to the sheriff 's department , the fight ended after the men were separated , and Brown and his camp were gone by the time deputies arrived . CNN reached out to Brown and Ocean for comment soon after the incident , but there was no response . Dust-up is Brown 's latest The dust-up is the latest involving Brown , who has been in the headlines in recent years as much for his involvement in violence as for his performance on stage and in the studios . His many honors include a Grammy last year for Best R&B Album . He was sentenced in August 2009 to serve five years probation and to spend more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service " for assaulting his pop star girlfriend , Rihanna . The same day of his sentencing , CNN obtained a probation report for Brown that says the pair were involved in at least two other domestic violence incidents before the February 2009 attack in Hollywood . The two have recently been spending time with each other -- even recording together . Brown has been in two other highly publicized incidents -- one involving fellow musician Drake in New York , and one with writer/comedian Jenny Johnson on Twitter . Brown and Ocean have a history , as well . According to MTV , the two exchanged words in June 2011 on Twitter after Ocean seemed to take offense to Brown comparing him to singer/songwriters such as James Fauntleroy and Kevin Cossum . Ocean reportedly fired back by comparing Brown to Sisqo and Ike Turner . Ocean appears to put an end to the chapters . He ended his Tumblr message saying , "  Forgiveness , albeit difficult , is wisdom . Peace , albeit trite , is what I want in my short life . " The ever divisive Chris Brown	Singer Chris Brown was involved in a fight January 27 in California , authorities say Frank Ocean said he was "  jumped " by Brown in the incident Ocean now says he wo n't sue Brown or seek charges , saying he wants "  peace "
CNN  -- Former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo has been hospitalized to treat a heart condition , a spokeswoman said Sunday . "  He is in good spirits and thanks everyone for their support and best wishes , " a spokeswoman for New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , the former governor 's son , said . "  We will provide updates as appropriate . " Mario Cuomo , 82 , was New York 's governor for three terms from 1983-1995 . Son Chris Cuomo , the host of CNN 's "  New Day , " thanked supporters in a Twitter post Sunday night . "  Pop is in the hospital , and he is doing well enough , " he said . "  Thx for all the sweet sentiments . Appreciated . "	Former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo has been hospitalized "  He is in good spirits , " a spokeswoman for Gov. Andrew Cuomo says "  Pop is in the hospital , and he is doing well enough , " CNN 's Chris Cuomo tweets
CNN  -- Football clubs spend big money on big players to deliver on the biggest stage . And no doubt Arsenal view the $ 58 million they spent on Alexis Sanchez as a bargain after his heroics secured its passage to yet another European Champions League group stage . Remarkably , a nervy 1-0 victory over Turkish side Besiktas in the two-legged playoff tie means Arsene Wenger 's men will take their place in the draw for the 17th consecutive season . Qualification also brings with it a $ 33 million windfall , meaning Sanchez has already paid off a large chunk of the fee it cost the club to prise him from Spanish giants Barcelona . Now the Gunners will line up alongside the cream of Europe , including European champions Real Madrid and German champions Bayern Munich , in Thursday 's draw . A relieved Wenger told Sky Sports : "  We needed to keep our nerve but we kept our nerve , were united and showed great solidarity . "  We wanted to be there and not go down a division in Europe . We had chances to score more but in two games we kept a clean sheet and it made a difference . " Asked if it was unthinkable for Arsenal not to qualify Wenger said : "  It is unthinkable until it happens . "  For us it is a weight off our shoulders , we can now focus on the Premier League and wait for the draw . We feel we have done the job and have our conscience clear . " Wenger also confirmed striker Olivier Giroud would be missing until at least December after undergoing surgery on an ankle injury , and said he would dip into the transfer market if he could find a forward of suitable quality . After a disappointing 0-0 draw in Turkey last week , the first opportunity of the evening fell to Jack Wilshere , but after pouncing on a loose ball when Sanchez was fouled , the England star fired wide of the target . Former Chelsea striker Demba Ba , who wasted several opportunities in the first leg , narrowly failed to poke the ball past Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny as the Turkish side showed they could still pose an offensive threat . And hearts were in mouths at the Emirates when defender Mathieu Debuchy slid in to tackle Mustafa Pektemek and appeared to get only a marginal touch on the ball inside the penalty area . But just as the home fans began to express their agitation , Sanchez found the net . The Chilean scampered into the area as Wilshere swapped passes with German World Cup winner Mesut Ozil , to fire low past Besiktas goalkeeper Tolga Zengin . Sanchez had a chance to double Arsenal 's lead on 51 minutes after more neat approach play from Wilshere , the 22-year-old sliding the ball to his Chilean teammate only to see it stabbed wide of the far post . Ba had another chance to stall the Gunners ' momentum as he turned inside the area , but his shot from a narrow angle could only find the side-netting . Arsenal then wasted two glorious chances to make the tie safe . With Besiktas pushing men forward , Arsenal broke and Sanchez drove into the penalty area before teeing up Cazorla , but the Spaniard 's shot was blocked . Seconds later Nacho Monreal swung in a low cross and though Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain sneaked in front of his marker , he could only fire against Tolga from six yards out . A nervy climax was ensured when Debuchy was dismissed for a second bookable offense with 15 minutes left , the defender remonstrating with the referee before trudging off . Ba failed to connect with a late header , and Arsenal were penned in as the Turks desperately sought the goal they needed , but they held on to seal victory . Elsewhere , Spanish side Athletic Bilbao came from behind to eliminate Napoli , from Italy , and take its place in the European Champions League group stages for the first time in 16 years . Germany 's Bayer Leverkusen also progressed after a 7-2 aggregate victory over Danish outfit FC Copenhagen . Ludogorets Razgrad , of Bulgaria , made the group stages for the first time after a fairytale penalty shootout victory over Romania 's Steaua Bucurest . After goalkeeper Vladislav Stoyanov was sent off in extra time , defender Cosmin Moti donned the gloves as the tie finished 1-1 on aggregate after extra time . Incredibly , Moti took his side 's opening penalty , and scored , before saving two of Steaua 's and sealing a remarkable victory for his side .	Alexis Sanchez seals Arsenal 's progress to European Champions League group stages It is the 17th consecutive season Arsenal have made the group stages of the competition Sanchez 's first goal for the club sees off Turkish club Besiktas in their playoff tie Spain 's Athletic Bilbao knock out Napoli ; Germany 's Bayer Leverkusen also through
CNN  -- It 's no surprise that travelers flock to Paris , New York and London . The lasting draw of these destinations is borne out in TripAdvisor 's fifth annual Travelers ' Choice Destinations awards . The awards , announced Tuesday , are based on the popularity of destinations and take into account insights from millions of the travel review site 's users . Check out the gallery above for the top 10 travel spots worldwide , according to TripAdvisor . The full list of 25 destinations is available on TripAdvisor.com . Europe is a hit with TripAdvisor users , with 7 of the top 10 destinations located there . Awards are also bestowed upon the top U.S. destinations . New York and San Francisco top that list , followed by Chicago , Las Vegas , Orlando , Washington , Boston , Los Angeles , Honolulu and New Orleans in the the top 10 .	TripAdvisor 's Travelers ' Choice destinations named Paris , New York and London are the top three spots worldwide In the U.S. , New York , San Francisco and Chicago top the list
CNN  -- Martin Kaymer built upon his record equaling opening round of 63 at Sawgrass Friday to head the Players Championship at the halfway stage . The German carded a three-under-par second round of 69 to take his overall tournament score to 12-under-par . Kaymer , an early starter on Friday , leads the way from Jordan Spieth in second place at 11-under-par and Russell Henley three shots further back at 8-under par . Jim Furyk , Lee Westwood , Gary Woodland , Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia are all tied for fourth place at six-under-par . "  It was very difficult today , a little bit tougher  than yesterday  , " Kaymer told Sky Sports after reaching the clubhouse . "  When you shoot such a low round your expectations are very . " Kaymer , a former world No. 1 , has not won a tournament since November 2011 and struggled throughout 2013 . Yet he become only the fourth player in TPC history to shoot a 63 -- the others being Greg Norman , Fred Couples and Roberto Castro . The 29-year-old never come close to replicating this thrilling form on Friday but remained content with a steady showing that featured five birdies and two bogeys . "  69 was a very good score but it was a little bit more tough  today  . The pins were in some corners and it was a little bit more windy so I 'm pleased . " Kaymer started the day two shots ahead of Henley but will be looking over his shoulder from the start on Saturday after a barnstorming second round from Spieth . The 20-year-old Texan has yet to card a bogey in 36 holes at the famous Sawgrass course and produced a near majestic display again Friday , holing six birdies to secure a second round score of 66 . Any of the group at six-under-par , meanwhile , will fancy their chances if they can put an run of form together over the weekend . Elsewhere on the course , former U.S. Masters PGA Championship winner Rory McIlroy just made the cut after a birdie on the last secured a round of 74 . The Northern Irishman had been five-under-par after just 11 holes on the opening day before fading badly . One man not so lucky at the 18th , however , was Phil Mickelson . The five-time major champion missed a birdie putt that would have seen him make the cut but will now be forced to take the early flight home instead .	Martin Kaymer builds upon record breaking score at TPC at Sawgrass The German leads Jordan Spieth by a shot going into the weekend Six players tied for fourth place at six-under-par
Winston Churchill 's "  The Gathering Storm " describes how Nazi Germany conspired to conquer the democracies , which were unwitting , unprepared and nearly defeated when the storm of World War II finally burst upon them . London stood alone for a time , the solitary champion of freedom in a new kind of war , fought with the revolutionary new technology of massed airpower , in the warring skies over the bombed homes of the heroic city . Victory went to the Allies and freedom prevailed over tyranny in World War II only because a handful of visionary statesmen , scientists and captains of industry prepared for the gathering storm . Churchill and President Franklin Roosevelt did what they could to prepare their reluctant nations to transition from peacetime to a war economy . Rep. Carl Vinson , chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , insisted that a skeptical peacetime U.S. Navy build aircraft carriers . Howard Hughes and other pioneers of aviation , during the peace before Pearl Harbor , designed fighters and bombers that won the air war . Albert Einstein , Leo Szilard and other nuclear physicists started the U.S. down the path that became the Manhattan Project and beat the Nazis to the atomic bomb . Today , another gathering storm threatens freedom and the survival of civilization : cyberwarfare . Terrorists and rogue states are making cyberattacks on a daily basis , using computer bugs to probe defenses of U.S. critical infrastructures . The most important critical infrastructure is the electric power grid . Electricity runs and makes possible the operation of all the other critical infrastructures -- communications , transportation , banking and finance , food and water -- that sustain modern civilization and the lives of millions . The biggest cyberthreat is from electromagnetic pulse , which in the military doctrines of potential adversaries would be part of an all-out cyberwar . A nuclear missile , perhaps launched from a freighter , detonated at high altitude over the U.S. could black out the national grid for months or years , killing an estimated 90 % of Americans by starvation , disease and societal collapse .  And there is also a natural threat : The sun could inflict a worldwide natural EMP catastrophe with a solar flare that generates a rare geomagnetic superstorm , like the 1859 Carrington Event . Such a storm could collapse electric grids everywhere on Earth , endangering billions . Statements made in Iran , North Korea , China and Russia lend credence to the possibility of EMP attacks against the U.S. Iran has practiced missile launches from a ship , and North Korea has demonstrated its ability to launch a satellite . Either of these platforms could be used to launch EMP attacks against the United States with little warning . In July , a North Korean freighter detained for drug smuggling was discovered to have nuclear-capable missiles aboard . In a vivid demonstration of the vulnerability of U.S. infrastructure , in April , saboteurs using AK-47s attacked and damaged electric grid transformers near San Jose . The gathering cyberstorm draws near . Although most Americans do not know it , Atlanta , like London during the storm of World War II , is at the center of the gathering cyberstorm that threatens the very existence of the United States . Headquartered in Atlanta is the North American Electric Reliability Corporation , responsible for protecting the national power grid . A corporation proactively protecting the grid would be good for all Americans . Unfortunately , the corporation is not doing its job and has failed to accomplish the most important task of all : making preparations to protect America from a cybercatastrophe . Six years ago , the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission  PDF  ordered the corporation to produce a plan to protect the electric grid from cyberbugs . The North American Electric Reliability Corporation still has no plan . The corporation flatly refuses to even try producing a plan for grid protection against the gravest cyberthreat , nuclear EMP attack , claiming that protection against such an attack is the job of the Defense Department . In 2012 , the corporation wrote a report  PDF  that amounts to "  junk science " in trying to deny that natural EMP is a catastrophic threat . Members of Congress , in frustration with the corporation , are trying to pass the SHIELD Act , which would empower the Federal Electric Regulatory Commission to order the corporation to protect the grid from EMP . The state of Maine , also in frustration , recently passed a legislative initiative to protect its own grid from EMP . Meeting in Atlanta this week is the National Council of State Legislatures , where all 50 states will be briefed on how they can protect their electric grids without waiting for the North American Electric Reliability Corporation . That corporation should lead , follow or get out of the way of those who are trying to protect our nation from a cybercatastrophe . Otherwise , the Congress that certified it as the electric reliability organization can also decertify it .	Newt Gingrich : Cyberwar is a tool being used by terrorists , rogue states He says an electromagnetic pulse attack could disable America 's key infrastructure Gingrich : Some experts recognize the threat , but electric grid remains vulnerable He says private industry needs to do much more to prepare for possible threats
Snooki began her new reality series -- motherhood -- early Sunday , giving birth to a healthy baby boy , according to her representative . Within hours of the baby 's arrival , the 24-year-old "  Jersey Shore " star tweeted about her joy : "  I am SO IN LOVE with my son Lorenzo Dominic ! I had my little man last night , healthy at 6lbs ! HE 'S MY WORLD ! " Snooki -- whose real name is Nicole Polizzi -- revealed in March that she was pregnant and engaged to the baby 's father , Jionni LaValle . She said she would marry her longtime boyfriend , but that 's still pending . Confirmation of the early morning delivery came in a statement from rep Stacey Wechsler : "  The world just got another Guido !!! Lorenzo Dominic LaValle has entered the world weighing 6lbs , 5oz . Nicole , Jionni & Enzo are doing great ! " Wechsler pointed CNN to MTV 's website for more details , including that the birth happened at Saint Barnabas Medical Center in Livingston , New Jersey , at 3 a.m. Sunday . Fans who want to know about the last months of Snooki 's pregnancy can tune in to the next season of MTV 's "  Jersey Shore , " which the channel said will debut in October . Snooki , one of TV 's highest paid reality stars , shared much of the early months of the pregnancy with the curious world on her MTV spinoff , "  Snooki & JWoww . " MTV on Snooki moving from ` Shore ' house ` Jersey Shore 's ' Vinny waxes Shakespeare ` Jersey Shore 's ' Deena	"  HE 'S MY WORLD ! " Snooki tweets after giving birth to son Lorenzo Dominic LaValle weighs 6 pounds , 5 ounces at birth , Snooki 's rep says The last months of her pregnancy will be in the next season of MTV 's "  Jersey Shore " She revealed she was pregnant and engaged to the baby 's father in March
CNN  -- Every Friday , Bree Boyce dreaded her high school gym class . Students had to run a mile under 11 minutes , and those who could n't finish in time would have to walk around the track for the rest of the period . Weighing 234 pounds , Boyce never made it in time . "  There were a few times I tried to run because I was so embarrassed and afraid of what other kids might say . After many failed attempts , I gave up hope , " said Boyce . Every day , Boyce wore a baggy T-shirt and a pair of faded , size 18 jeans to school . She ducked and dodged anytime someone tried to take her picture . She deflected attention from her weight by cracking jokes . Five years later and 112 pounds lighter , Boyce is no longer the camera-shy girl hiding inside saggy , shapeless tees . She struts onstage in body-hugging evening gowns and swimsuits . She embraces the spotlight as the reigning Miss South Carolina . And she has been a guest co-host on "  The View , " chatting openly about her weight . Bree Boyce : Applying weight-loss lessons to all of life "  I had struggled for so many years with my weight , " Boyce said . "  So many girls look to beauty queens because they want to be like them and look like them . But my thing is that we 're all unique and we 're all different and not one person is going to look like the next . And somebody might be a healthy size 6 , and an unhealthy size 0 . " When she makes public appearances , a tiara rests on her head and a sash drapes over her shoulder . She 'll compete for the Miss America crown in January in Las Vegas . Her journey from obese teenager to beauty queen is n't just about shedding excess weight , or going from one extreme to another . "  It 's more about setting a good example for the younger generation , " Boyce said . "  If you have a dream , go for it . Do n't let others ' perceptions hold you back . " Growing up , Boyce was chubbier than her three older siblings . Although she ate about the same foods as they did , her metabolism seemed different . As the youngest of two girls and two boys , Boyce found support and acceptance in her family and community . "  She was the funny kid , " said Tiffany Olson , Boyce 's older sister . "  She had the best personality . " Her personality carried over to school , where she won over friends with her enthusiasm  she was president of the pep club  , and impersonations of celebrities from Cher to Britney Spears . "  I tried to be very outgoing and tried to compensate my weight with my personality , " Boyce said . When people at school talked about her or teased her , she 'd try to be their friend . "  Sometimes I made fun of myself with them , " Boyce said . "  It was all trying to cover up and not try to expose myself too much that I was hurting inside about my weight . " Diet tricks the pros tell their friends Throughout her childhood , Boyce watched on the sidelines as her older sister competed in beauty pageants . She secretly hoped one day , she would compete . As a teen , Boyce tried several weight-loss gimmicks , low-carb and starvation diets . But she 'd always slip back into her old habits because the hunger returned with such intensity . Boyce 's health battle is not rare in her home state . In South Carolina , about 31 % of the population is considered obese . "  I figured that this was the body I was going to live in , and there was nothing I could do about it , " Boyce said . "  I was just so unhappy about the way I looked , but I still continued to eat unhealthy . " "  I would come home from school , sit on the couch for hours , and snack all day long . I would drive to a fast food place , pick up any meal I wanted to , eat it and then go back an hour later , eat it again . " At age 17 , she went to the doctor 's office because of knee problems . The doctor did n't mince his words . "  You know , this weight has to come off , " he told her . "  And if it does n't , then your body is not going to take care of you in the long run . And you 're only 17 years old . " Boyce realized that he was right . "  I 'm 17 years old . I have the whole world in front of me . And it 's up to me and only me to change it . And that 's exactly what I did , " she said . Surgery is no quick fix for obese teens She tossed out junk food and set a goal to lose five pounds in one month . And she put one foot in front of the other . She walked around the block because "  that 's all I could do . I was so overweight . " Then the next week , she walked a little farther . After her first month , she lost seven pounds . When you 're losing weight , where does the fat go ? After losing more pounds , she joined the gym , started dancing in Zumba classes . Then she started jogging . During her senior year of high school , an adviser at the pep club suggested Boyce try for the title of Miss West Florence , the school 's equivalent of a beauty pageant . At first , Boyce laughed it off . "  I was not thin , " she said . "  I was still chubby , losing weight gradually . " But Boyce gave it a shot . "  I was myself and I won , " beating 38 other girls , she said . "  That gave me another confidence boost knowing that I could do what I set my mind to . " After graduating in 2007 , she went to study theater at Francis Marion University . She competed for the local Miss Florence title and began a winning streak in local beauty pageants until she finally won the state crown in July . Through the years , Boyce had to unlearn a lifetime of bad habits . "  It 's all about learning a process , learning a lifestyle , and so many people think it 's an overnight quick fix . And it absolutely is not . It takes time . It took me three years , " she said . Boyce , who could n't finish a mile in under 11 minutes in high school , can now run that distance in seven minutes . She plans to train for her first marathon once she has time after the Miss America contest . "  You do n't have to be rail thin to think you 're beautiful and want to be Miss America , " she said . "  You need to be happy and content with yourself , get your physical activity . That 's what counts the most -- not starvation diets and being rail thin . " Boyce meticulously schedules workouts and meals to prepare for Miss America . On a recent day , she cooked breakfast at home in Florence , scrambling eggs and slicing a grapefruit . "  I block out where am I going to eat , how am I going to eat that day , " she said . In the pageant world , where a woman 's frame and figure are constantly analyzed , Boyce has heard the critiques : too muscular , too big , not petite enough , not a size 00 . Bree Boyce 's Facebook page "  I love my body , " Boyce said . "  I went from 234 pounds to being comfortable and happy and being content with the way I look . Someone says I 'm not a 00 -- that does n't mean I do n't continue to compete for Miss America . We need to give an idealistic role model . " She said she 'd rather be on stage looking the way she does now than looking "  sick , frail and thin . That 's not the message that I 'm promoting at all . "	Bree Boyce struggled as a teenager to lose weight and exercise She wanted to compete in beauty pageants , but felt her weight prevented her Boyce lost 112 pounds and heads to Miss America pageant next year
CNN  -- When two continents collide , there 's inevitably going to be some chaos . So it is in Istanbul , on the cusp of Europe and Asia , where a serene skyline of domes and minarets looks down on streets teeming with traffic , traders and tourists . While it seems as if every inch of the city is consumed by the tumult , there are oases of calm . The Prince islands are , for most Istanbul residents , the ultimate weekend getaway , offering an escape where , crucially for anyone who 's ever endured they city 's motoring snarl-ups , cars are banned . A boat ride away in the Sea of Marmara , the islands offer a soothing natural environment , sightseeing and cycle rides . And because this is still Istanbul , there 's also great food . There are nine Prince Islands , of which Buyukada and Heybeliada are the two of the largest and most popular . Here 's what to do look out for : Buyukada Island To make the best of Buyukada , the largest of the islands , it 's best to escape the town square -- almost permanently inhabited by a flock of dazed-looking tourists -- and head by foot or cycle to more peaceful areas . The square is , however , home to an abundance of bike rental places , so it 's worth dropping 20 Turkish Lira  $ 9.20  on a set of wheels . Those not into cycling or walking can take a ride on the island 's most popular mode of transport : a small horse-drawn carriage known as a fayton . These hoof around the major sights for about 30TL per person , or can be hired for day-long guided tours for about 80TL per hour . Once out of the town center , Buyukada begins to reveal its charms as nature mingles beguilingly with Ottoman-style architecture . Getting lost in the maze of backstreets is almost as pleasurable as exploring the island 's upper areas , covered by lush pine forests . Aya Yorgi The 6th century Aya Yorgi church and monastery , located on Buyukada 's highest hill , is one of the island 's most significant features . It 's relatively easy to cycle here or arrive by fayton  the trip costs about 30TL  but the 20-minute slog on foot is worth the effort . The reward comes in the form of a magnificent sea view of distant Istanbul , and also the historic Greek church 's beautiful interior . Walkers might glimpse sewing thread stretching from the path 's beginning to end -- the remnants of a ritual believed to grant wishes that is performed annually on April 23 by the faithful . Naya Hotel Most people visit Buyukada on day trips , but it 's possible to stay longer . Naya is more of an intercultural relaxation center than a hotel , offering yoga and meditation classes and shiatsu and Ayurvedic massages . However the lovely wooden villa , with a Marmara view surrounded by palm trees and flowers , does have a handful of airy rooms available to rent . Naya Hotel , Yılmaz Turk Caddesi No. 96 ; +90 0216 382 45 98 Sinek Cafe The town center 's seafood restaurants tend to be overcrowded , so it 's worth seeking out this hidden cafe with overtly friendly staff and a terrier named Bıdık . With a few tables set in a garden and an open kitchen area , Sinek 's modest menu includes an all-day Turkish breakfast , with sahanda sucuklu yumurta  fried eggs with cured Turkish sausage served in a metal pan  among favorites . The only downside of this secluded corner is the envy experienced when gawping at the owners ' minimalist glass and steel house behind the cafe . Sinek Cafe , Yılmaz Turk Caddesi No. 110 ; +90 216 382 35 78 . Heybeliada Heybeliada boasts many similar activities to Buyukada , but is arguably more pleasant as it 's quieter and less touristy . There are bike rentals  5TL an hour and 15TL for the day  and fayton rides , but walking around the island is a rewarding experience , with little cafes , shops , flower sellers , lounging street cats , and remarkable architecture all waiting to be discovered . Ruhban Okulu Visible from the ferry to the island , this amazing structure perched on the highest peak and surrounded by pine trees was once a theology school run by the formidably-named Eastern Orthodox Church 's Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople . The Ruhban Okulu closed its doors as a school in 1971 but is open to visitors today . The premises also house the Aya Triada church  Chapel of the Holy Trinity  and a garden with a view so breathtaking that it might makes a pretty convincing case for divinity in its own right . The school 's library still functions and welcomes researchers to its vast collection of 120,000 antique books on geography , history , theology , and philosophy . Isguzar Sokak Located close to the town center , this street has some of Heybeliada 's most notable shops and cafes . Among them is Evden , offering more than 70 kinds of jam and marmalade made by the owner . Next door , the vintage styled Luz Cafe has a menu of homemade Turkish favorites and baked goods , and a small shop of handicrafts and organic soaps . Across the street , Ya Da sells handmade notebooks , items made from deformed gramophone records , birds made from pine cones , and many other unique items . The shop next door sells antique radios , furniture , and accessories . For lunch or dinner , Heyamola Ada Lokantasi , across from the Mavi Marmara station , is one of the best options with a colorful Aegean decor and meze  cold starters  such as grilled calamari and patlıcan ezmesi  eggplant puree  . Getting there The easiest way to get there is by ferry , or vapur as they 're known locally . From the Asian side , the boats push off from either the Bostancı or Kadıkoy ports almost hourly and make stops at Buyukada and Heybeliada plus the smaller islands of Burgazada , Kınaliada . From the European side , ferries depart almost every hour from Kabatas , making a stop in Kadıkoy and continuing on to the islands . Passengers can pay using the Istanbulkart  a rechargable card used for all public transportation  or buy a single ticket  jeton  from the machines located in or around the ports . The ferry ride takes about 90 minutes . A faster option is Mavi Marmara , a smaller boat that goes directly from either Kabatas or Bostanci to each of the islands separately on an hourly basis . Tickets cost 5TL . Feride Yalav is a freelance journalist living in Istanbul , Turkey .	The Prince Islands offer citizens of Istanbul a peaceful escape from their frenetic city Buyukada and Heybeliada are the two largest and most popular of the islands The islands are car-free havens , rich in flora and exotic Ottoman-style architecture
CNN  -- Authorities in western Oklahoma said Tuesday they were responding to a prison riot at the North Fork Correctional Facility , where multiple injuries were reported . A morgue had been set up in a tent outside the prison , according to a witness , though there had been no reports of deaths . More than 20 people , all inmates , were injured in the riot and at least five were flown to area hospitals , according to Julie Heavrin of Air Evac Lifeteam . She said she had no information regarding their conditions . However , Beckham County sheriff spokeswoman Amy Brewer said that just eight inmates were injured . Aerial video of the scene from CNN affiliate KOCO showed armed officials holding prisoners at gunpoint . The riot started shortly before noon and it was not clear what motivated it , said Brewer . She said the Oklahoma Highway Patrol had six crews on the scene and Beckham County sheriff 's deputies were assisting . The prison is located in Sayre , about halfway between Oklahoma City and Amarillo , Texas . Ronnie Harold , Sayre 's police chief , said his department was providing security for the prison , which can house up to 2,400 inmates . "  We are still at a standstill . The prison guards are doing their job inside and we still have the perimeter secured , " he said .	NEW : Local police chief : "  We are still at a standstill " A morgue has been set up in a tent outside the prison , says a witness A riot is reported at North Fork Correctional Facility in western Oklahoma
CNN  -- UPS on Friday finished delivering its backlog of holiday packages , company spokeswoman Natalie Godwin told CNN . The company earlier this week said that the volume of packages in its system exceeded its capacity , causing delays . The delays meant that some packages were not delivered before Christmas , despite promises by some retailers . UPS did not provide numbers , but the spokeswoman said the backlog was cleared Friday . "  Yes , the holiday packages have been delivered , " Godwin said . The company considered Christmas Day deliveries as an emergency measure , but "  after much thought and consideration " decided not to ask drivers to work on the holiday . The delays angered many customers , who took to social media to vent their frustrations . The company said that previous severe weather in the Dallas area had already created a backlog , and the holiday volume proved too much . FedEx was late with some deliveries as well , but called them "  isolated incidents . " On Saturday , FedEx reported that "  any isolated issues are resolved . " The U.S. Postal Service did not comment on whether it experienced any similar delays . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	UPS says it has cleared a holiday package backlog Weather and excessive volume contributed to the delays All holiday packages have been delivered , the company says FedEx says "  any isolated issues " with its deliveries are resolved
CNN  NASCAR driver Kurt Busch , who has been accused by his ex-girlfriend Patricia Driscoll of domestic assault , testified in a court hearing Tuesday that he believes Driscoll is a trained assassin and that she once showed up wearing a gown covered in blood . While testifying in court in Dover , Delaware , over Driscoll 's request for a no-contact order , Busch said that Driscoll is an assassin for the U.S. government who would go on covert missions around the world . He also said that Driscoll had claimed a character in the movie "  Zero Dark Thirty " was based on her and other women . In his testimony , Busch said that once when he and Driscoll were in El Paso , Texas , Driscoll went out in camouflage gear , only to return later wearing an evening gown covered with blood and a trench coat . When asked by his attorney , Rusty Hardin , why he believed Driscoll is a hired killer , Busch said , "  Everybody on the outside can tell me I 'm crazy , but I lived on the inside and saw it firsthand . " Driscoll and her attorney , Carolyn McNeice , did not challenge Busch 's testimony while in court Tuesday . Driscoll is a defense contractor and is authorized to carry weapons . "  Police officers , correction officers and military personnel are trained to use weapons , " McNeice told CNN on Wednesday . "  They 're not assassins . " When asked about Busch 's allegations , McNeice told CNN , "  We deny that entirely . " The family court battle stems from a November incident where Driscoll says that Busch assaulted her . Driscoll has accused Busch of grabbing her by the throat and slamming her head into a wall three times while they were in Busch 's motor home at Dover International Speedway . The state attorney general is still investigating the case . Hardin said that his client did not assault Driscoll . "  We know one thing .  Busch  never , ever physically abused her , and we 're real comfortable that that was made clear today -- the last two days in particular , " Hardin said Tuesday . Hardin said in a statement in November that Busch would fully cooperate in the investigation , saying the allegation "  is a complete fabrication by a woman who has refused to accept the end of a relationship . " After the no-contact hearing on Tuesday , Busch said he was "  just glad that the truth got told . "	Kurt Busch 's ex , Patricia Driscoll , requests a no-contact order , saying he slammed her into a wall Busch 's attorney denies that ; Busch testifies that Driscoll is an assassin for U.S. government Driscoll is a defense contractor ; her attorney says it 's normal for her to carry a weapon but she 's not an assassin
Chicago  CNN  -- Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was convicted Monday on 17 of the 20 public corruption charges against him related to his attempt to sell the U.S. Senate seat held by Barack Obama before he resigned to become president . The 11 women and one man reached the verdicts on their 10th day of deliberation in the trial , which began April 20 . As the verdicts were read , Blagojevich turned to look back at his wife , Patti , who dropped into her seat . None of the jurors would look at the defendant as the verdicts were being read . He was found guilty of all 10 counts involving wire fraud -- each of which carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison . The other 10 involved extortion and bribery . Most of the counts have a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison . The jury acquitted Blagojevich on one count of bribery and was unable to reach verdicts on two counts of attempted extortion . "  I frankly am stunned , " an uncharacteristically muted Blagojevich told reporters as he left the courtroom hand-in-hand with his wife . "  There 's not much left to say , other than we want to get home to our little girls and talk to them and explain things to them and then try to sort things out . I 'm sure we 'll be seeing you guys again . " A few minutes later , as he and his wife emerged from an SUV on the street outside his house , he shook hands with a group of well-wishers , some of whom applauded him . "  It 's very meaningful to feel the support of the people , " he told a throng of reporters . "  It 's a very meaningful thing . That sadness that I feel and the disappointment and the shock , Patti and I have to discuss this with our children , our little girls , and start planning for the future . " Their daughters are ages 11 and 14 . Chicago-Kent College of Law Professor Richard Kling predicted that Blagojevich would wind up being sentenced to anywhere between six and 11 years . That calculation is reached by a mathematical formula , he said . "  You punch in who he is , what he did , " he said . After delivering their verdict , the jurors addressed the news media . "  We felt it was very clear he was trying to make a trade for the Senate seat , " one juror said . Another juror said , "  We 'd tried everything to find him not guilty , but the evidence was there . " The forewoman , a retired director of music and liturgy at a church , said the experience left her with a negative view of politics in general . "  I told my husband that if he was running for politics he 'd probably have to find a new wife , " she said . Blagojevich becomes the second consecutive Illinois governor convicted of corruption . Former Gov. George Ryan is serving time in federal prison . "  We hope that next time anyone who hears any inkling of such activity would come forward to tell us , " U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald told reporters . "  People should be offended by being shaken down and should come forward and report it to us . " The current governor , Pat Quinn , called for an ethics initiative in the state . "  Today 's conviction only strengthens my resolve to push this effort forward , " he told reporters . "  I 'm very sorry that happened to their family but you have to be accountable for your deeds . Unfortunately , former Gov. Blagojevich committed crimes , according to a jury . " Last August , after a two-month trial and 14 days of deliberation , another jury deadlocked on 23 of the 24 charges Blagojevich then faced . They found him guilty on one count of lying to FBI investigators , a conviction that could carry a prison sentence of five years . The accusation that Blagojevich tried to profit as he considered whom to appoint to succeed Obama , among other allegations , prompted his impeachment by Illinois ' House of Representatives and his removal from office by the state Senate in 2009 . Blagojevich was taken into federal custody in December 2008 , less than two years into his second term as governor . A federal grand jury indicted in him April 2009 . At the time of his arrest , prosecutors said court-authorized wiretaps caught Blagojevich offering Obama 's Senate seat in exchange for personal gain , including a job with a nonprofit or union organization , corporate board posts for his wife , campaign contributions or a post in Obama 's administration . He expressed frustration , according to prosecutors , that Obama transition officials were "  not willing to give me anything except appreciation . " "  I 've got this thing and it 's  expletive  golden , and , uh , uh , I 'm just not giving it up for  expletive  nothing . I 'm not gon na do it , " prosecutors quoted Blagojevich as saying . Blagojevich also considered appointing himself to the post , mulling whether he might be better off being indicted as a senator rather than governor , and saying contacts he would make in the federal job would benefit him later , according to prosecutors . Aside from the charges of trying to sell the Senate seat , prosecutors also accused Blagojevich of using his position to obtain financial benefits for himself , his family and his campaign in exchange for jobs , contracts and appointments to state boards to supporters . They accused Blagojevich of accelerating the scheme in 2008 to accumulate funds before a new state ethics law would have limited his ability to raise money from people and companies that were doing business with the state . Along with Blagojevich , prosecutors initially also charged his brother , Robert Blagojevich , with one count of wire fraud , one count of extortion conspiracy , one count of attempted extortion and one count of bribery conspiracy in connection with his brother 's alleged Senate-seat-selling plan . But a week after jurors came back from the first trial deadlocked on most of the counts against Rod Blagojevich and all the charges against his brother , prosecutors dropped charges against Robert Blagojevich . Blagojevich 's defense argued that he just liked to talk and that he ended up with nothing . The former Cook County , Illinois , assistant prosecutor , state representative and Golden Gloves boxer had remained in the public eye since his removal from office , appearing in a Chicago comedy show , releasing an autobiography , and competing on the TV show "  Celebrity Apprentice . "	"  We felt it was very clear he was trying to make a trade for the Senate seat , " says Juror 140 "  I frankly am stunned , " Blagojevich says Jury convicts former Illinois governor of 17 public corruption counts Rod Blagojevich is acquitted on one count , the jury could n't decide two others
CNN  -- Beginning this week , under-12s are banned from the first seven rows of economy class on AirAsia X flights to China , Taiwan , Japan , Korea , Australia and Nepal . In an official press release , AirAsia X 's CEO Azran Osman-Rani described the new rollout as a "  heavenly package for those who want peace of mind . " Not to mention peace of ear . Readers take aim at kids on a plane Passengers booked on AirAsia X , the long-haul arm of AirAsia , can now opt for the seats for an additional cost of RM 35  U.S. $ 11  or RM 110  U.S. $ 35.50  -- the standard fee charged for picking specific seats in economy class and in the "  hot seats " section , which provide more leg room . The child-free area , called the "  Quiet Zone , " has softer lighting and is sectioned off from the rest of the plane by toilets and bulkheads , the theory being you wo n't be able to hear the kids who are toward the back of the plane . Still , anyone who 's been within 100 meters of a screaming child will know that their cries wo n't be stifled by a few partition curtains . Just as cigarette smoke could waft into the non-smoking areas before it was banned , so too will noise , said George Hobica , founder of Airfarewatchdog.com , speaking to NBC news when AirAsia X 's new option was announced last year . "  If you were just one row away from the smoking section , you still got the smoke , " he said . "  And you 'll still hear the screams ... if a child has strong lungs . " Osman-Rani was eager to note that kids are n't actually being banned from traveling and that the new offering was about customizing preferences and "  fair choice , " pointing out that the flights will be adding three baby bassinets to the other two economy cabin sections . AirAsia 's competitor , Malaysia Airlines , started flying last year year with child-free first class cabins as well as a child-free upper deck economy section on its A380 service . AirAsia is Asia 's largest budget carrier , with hubs in Malaysia , Thailand , Japan and Indonesia . Would you opt for child-free seating ? Let us know in the comments below .	Select AirAsia X flights are offering kid-free zones in the front rows Children under 12 are banned from the first seven rows of economy class on some flights The new "  Quiet Zone " offering starts this week
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- "  We ca n't tolerate this anymore . " That 's what President Barack Obama told those attending a memorial service Sunday in Newtown , Connecticut , two days after a man shot his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School and killed 26 people -- 20 of them children no older than 7 , who would never go on a date , drive a car , marry or have kids of their own . Obama offered his condolences , saying , "  All across this land of ours , we have wept with you . " He praised the residents of Newtown for having pulled together and "  loved one another " with a spirit all could emulate . And he asked whether more could be done to prevent more parents , sisters and brothers , like those in this quiet New England town , from suffering similar heartaches . "  Can we honestly say we 're doing enough to keep our children -- all of them -- safe from harm ? " Obama said , adding that "  if we do n't get that right , we do n't get anything right . " "  If we 're honest with ourselves , the answer is no . " Read the full text of the president 's speech His call to action capped an emotional prayer service at Newtown High School , in which local leaders of several religions -- a Jewish rabbi singing a prayer , a Muslim man choking back tears , and several Christian leaders offering perspective -- attempted to comfort a shattered community . Nine hundred watched in the school 's auditorium , including several children toting teddy bears , and another 1,300 saw the proceedings from a nearby overflow room . The aim was to show those suffering in Newtown they were not alone . With the help of their neighbors , they could move past this "  act of unfathomable violence and destruction , " explained the Rev. Matt Crebbin , senior minister at Newtown Congregational Church . "  We needed this , " Crebbin said of the service . "  We needed to be together . " Remembering the victims That sentiment was echoed by Obama , who said the nation stands with Newtown . Then he went further than that , saying that the country owes it to them -- and to the people of Tuscon , Arizona ; Oak Creek , Wisconsin ; Aurora , Colorado , communities that also have been sites of mass shootings in the last two years -- not just to remember the victims , but take steps to prevent more bloodshed in the future . The president did n't specify what steps he favors , but he did promise to put the power of his office toward preventing more senseless grief -- saying , "  We ca n't accept events like this as routine . " "  These tragedies must end . And to end them , we must change . " Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America Clearer picture of what happened , but not why The first calls came into police around 9:30 a.m. Friday . Adam Lanza used "  an assault weapon " to "  literally  shoot  an entrance into the building , " Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said Sunday . The nightmare got worse as he moved through Sandy Hook 's halls . Timeline of the shooting Using a Bushmaster AR-15 "  assault-type rifle , " the 20-year-old fired "  multiple magazines " -- each of which contained 30 bullets -- to gun down six adults and children in two classrooms , said Connecticut State Police Lt. J. Paul Vance . He then took out a handgun and shot himself in a classroom as law enforcement officers approached , officials said . All the victims were shot multiple times , said H. Wayne Carver II , Connecticut 's chief medical examiner . Their deaths -- as well as that of Nancy Lanza , Adam 's mother who suffered "  multiple gunshot wounds " at their Newtown home -- are classified as homicides . "  This probably is the worst I have seen or the worst that I know of any of my colleagues having seen , " said Carver , who did autopsies on seven victims . Why did Lanza do it ? That much , at least publicly , remains a mystery . He had no criminal record . He and his mother , who collected guns , had visited a gun range at least once , ATF spokeswoman Ginger Colbrun said . The few who spoke of Lanza publicly , including an aunt and former classmate , described him as very intelligent and quiet . His father , Peter Lanza , released a statement Saturday saying his family is "  grieving along with all those who have been affected by this enormous tragedy . " "  We are in a state of disbelief and trying to find whatever answers we can , " the father said . Authorities shared that sentiment . Even as they have offered more details on what happened Friday morning , they have n't given a motive . "  We will and we are searching diligently and nonstop to attempt to answer that , " said Vance , the police spokesman . Tears and hope At Sunday 's memorial service , Obama solemnly read out the first names of those Lanza killed . "  God has called them all home , " he said . Share your tributes And for every victim , there 's a story . Six-year-old Emilie Parker was "  bright , creative and very loving , " her father , Robbie Parker , recalled Saturday . "  My daugher Emilie would be one of the first ones to be standing up and giving her love and support to all of those victims , because that is the type of person she is , " he said . " ... This world is a better place because she has been in it . " Victoria Soto , 27 , moved her students away from her first-grade classroom door when she heard gunfire . She is being hailed for having saved some of her students , even though she herself did n't survive . "  She was truly selfless , " her mother Donna Soto said Sunday . "  She would not hesitate to think to save anyone else before herself and especially children . She loved them more than life . " Many more tears will be shed in the coming days , as victims are laid to rest . The first two funerals tied to the massacre -- for Noah Pozner and Jack Pinto , both Sandy Hook students -- will begin Monday at noon and 1 p.m. respectively , according to the Connecticut Funeral Directors Association . Malloy , Connecticut 's governor , said Sunday that they will never be forgotten . At the same time , he expressed hope that the strength of community will make a difference . "  We will go on . We will find strength , " he said at Sunday 's memorial service . "  We will get better . " What really makes schools safer ? School shooting : Shattering the sense of safety 10 ways to put brakes on mass shootings in schools CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported from Newtown , Connecticut , and Greg Botelho reported from Atlanta . CNN 's David Ariosto , Candy Crowley , Dana Ford , Catherine E. Shoichet , Ashleigh Banfield , Joe Johns , Terry Frieden , Michael Martinez and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : "  These tragedies must end . And to end them , we must change , " Obama says NEW : He vows action , saying America must do more to protect its children NEW : The mother of a teacher being hailed as a hero calls her daughter "  selfless " All victims at the Sandy Hook school were shot multiple times , a medical examiner says
Editor 's note : Kathleen Sebelius is secretary of Health and Human Services in the Obama administration . Kathleen Sebelius says health care costs are a huge and growing burden on the economy . CNN  -- Today in Washington , some politicians like to suggest that the many challenges we face as a nation mean we should n't tackle health care reform . Nothing could be further from the truth . With more and more of America 's families , businesses , and local , state and federal governments struggling with the crushing costs of health care , health care reform has never been more important . As President Obama has often said , you ca n't fix the economy without fixing health care . Unless we fix what is broken in our current system , everyone 's health care will be in jeopardy . Health care reform is not a luxury . It is a necessity . It 's important to look at the size of the problem we face and where we stand . Today , we have by far the most expensive health system in the world . We spend 50 percent more per person on health care than the average developed country , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . We spend more on health care than housing or food , the McKinsey Global Institute reported . Nearly 46 million Americans are uninsured , millions more are underinsured , and they are n't the only ones who are suffering . The high cost of care is hurting all of us . A recent study by Families USA estimates that insured families pay a hidden health tax of more than $ 1,000 every year . The hidden tax is the amount businesses and families with insurance have to pay in insurance premiums , taxes and donations to help cover the cost of treating uninsured Americans . Health insurance premiums for families that are covered through a job at a small business have increased 85 percent since 2000 , and more small businesses are thinking about dropping health insurance benefits . Nationwide , health care costs consume 18 percent of our gross domestic product . If we continue on our current path , health care costs will consume 34 percent of our GDP by 2040 , and the number of uninsured Americans will rise to 72 million , according to the Council of Economic Advisers . Even though we spend more than any other nation on health care , we are n't healthier . Only three developed countries have higher infant mortality rates . Our nation ranks 24th in life expectancy among developed countries . More than one-third of Americans are obese . These statistics are the signs of a system that is both unacceptable and unsustainable . They also show us the high cost of doing nothing . If we choose the status quo , more Americans will be uninsured , costs will continue to rise , and every American 's health care will be at risk . Inaction is not an option , and reform is long overdue . The Obama administration is working to enact reform that will reduce costs for families , businesses and government ; protect people 's choice of doctors , hospitals and health plans ; and assure affordable , quality health care for all Americans . We are guided by a simple principle : Protect what works about health care and fix what 's broken , and do it in a way that does not add to the deficit . The president has already introduced proposals that will provide $ 950 billion over 10 years in savings to finance health care reform . Much of these resources come from wringing waste out of the current system and aggressively prosecuting fraud and abuse . We will continue to work with Congress as it explores other financing options , and the president is open to ideas about how we finance health care reform . But we are not open to deficit spending . Health care reform will be paid for , and it will be deficit-neutral over 10 years . Working together , we can pass real health care reform that gives Americans the choices they deserve and the affordable , quality coverage they need . And we know they do not want us to wait . Too many people have suffered without basic medical care or paid too much for it . For years , the American people have called on Washington to meet this challenge . They have waited long enough . The time for reform is now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Sebelius .	Kathleen Sebelius : Health care represents growing burden on economy She says that because of rising cost , existing system is unsustainable She says U.S. pays more , but citizens are n't healthier than in other countries
CNN  -- A Mormon bishop was shot and killed in Visalia , California , on Sunday , police said . The suspected gunman was killed later in the day in a gunfight with police , Visalia California Police Chief Colleen Mestas told CNN . Bishop Clay Sannar , 42 , was shot dead in an office at Visalia 's Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , Mestas said . About 20 minutes after the shooting , police got a call from the suspect , who told them where he was heading , Mestas said . Officers intercepted the suspect and a gunfight ensued , during which the suspect was killed . Church members tell police the gunman was a stranger who had n't been seen at the church before . "  I 've got a dozen investigators trying to sort this out right now , " Mestas said . "  We 've got to get some answers for his -LSB- Sannar -RSB- family . " Unlike in some religious traditions , Mormon bishops lead individual churches , not regions or groups of churches .	The bishop is killed in a California church office The suspect is killed in a gunfight with police Unlike in some religious traditions , Mormon bishops lead individual churches
CNN  -- Joe Simon , the co-creator of star-spangled comic book hero Captain America , has died at 98 , his family announced . Simon , a writer , editor and artist , passed away late Wednesday in New York after a short illness . Simon and artist Jack Kirby , who ran a studio , developed the character in the early 1940s and worked outside the box to develop a distinct design . "  Together , the team created Captain America as well as long list of characters , including The Newsboy Legion and The Boy Commandos , " a statement Thursday from Simon 's family said . A Marvel Comics website provides a summary of Captain America and his superhero quest . "  In World War II , patriotic soldier Steve Rogers , recipient of the ` Super Soldier Serum , ' became the living symbol of freedom , Captain America . Left for dead while frozen in ice , the star-spangled hero with an indestructible shield awoke years later to continue his never-ending battle for liberty . " The movie "  Captain America : The First Avenger " was released this year . Chris Evans , in the title role , went up against villain Red Skull , played by Hugo Weaving . Kirby and Simon created Captain America for Timely Comics , Marvel 's predecessor . The comic was a huge hit during World War II . With Captain America came some of Kirby 's comic book innovations , Mark Evanier , author of the book "  Kirby : King of Comics , " told CNN in 2008 . Comic books , which had started as reprints of newspaper comic strips , had adhered to that form 's look of repetitious boxes . Kirby and Simon used different-sized panels , varying shapes , even full pages . "  They kind of invented things that made comic books different than strips , " Evanier said . They realized they "  had the whole page to play with . ... They 'd take three or four pages for a single action scene . " The popular genres after the war were crime and horror comics , and Simon and Kirby created a handful , including the dramatically named "  Justice Traps the Guilty . " They also pioneered the romance genre , juxtaposing Kirby 's innately thrilling style with primly dressed women and men in neat suits and sweaters . Simon served a few stints at DC Comics . "  Joe Simon was a true legend in the comic book industry . So much of what we are today is owed to him and his amazing creativity , " said Dan DiDio , co-publisher of DC Entertainment . "  In addition to one of the great writers of the Golden Age , he was also an editor at DC Comics . We appreciate all of his contributions to DC Comics and the industry as a whole , both on the page and behind the scenes . " The writer 's passing came a week after the death of cartoonist Jerry Robinson , who worked on the earliest Batman comics and claimed credit for creating the super-villain The Joker . Robinson was 89 . Simon is survived by two sons , three daughters and eight grandchildren . CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Joe Simon , co-creator of Captain America , dies at 98 Character has been a mainstay since the 1940s Simon and Jack Kirby made comic books different from comic strips
London  CNN  -- When it comes to building cutting-edge robots , it seems their designers have a tendency to create them in their own likeness . These eerily life-like , and occasionally just eerie , robots are just some of the exhibits that went on display Thursday at the Robotville Festival at London 's Science Museum . From the Italian-built iCub , which learns by playing with people , to CHARLY , which is being used to help autistic children , these robots mimic humans in order to help them learn about people and communicate with them . Read more : Snake-arm robot The exhibition does n't just feature humanoid robots -- there are also robots that swim and ones that swarm , some that explore and others designed for domestic use . It is being run in partnership with EUNIC and the European Commission Robotics program and ends on December 4 .	Robotville Festival taking place at London 's Science Museum . Humanoid robots include CHARLY , which is being used to help autistic children iCub robot learns by playing with people
CNN  -- On the eve of the anniversary of the tragic massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut , yet another shooting broke out Friday -- this time in a high school in the suburbs of Denver . A few people were reported injured , so far , while the gunman took his own life , police said . And once again , an American community reels -- bewildered that such violence could occur among its young people . While the vast majority of youth murdered in the U.S. are gunned down in the street , school shootings that are rare in other countries occur far too frequently in America . The U.S. does not have unusually high rates of crime , violent behavior or mental illness compared with other high-income countries ; but our rate of homicide with firearms is nearly 20 times higher . Lax gun laws that allow dangerous people easy access to guns plays an important role in this disparity . There was reason to believe that Congress would be forced to put public safety interests ahead of the special interests of the gun lobby after 20 young children and six adults were gunned down at Sandy Hook Elementary School a year ago . Public opinion surveys showed near unanimous support for expanding background checks and broad support for other measures to keep guns out of the wrong hands . Grass roots movements including parents and faith-based groups mobilized to advocate for stronger gun laws . For the most part , Congress once again caved to the gun lobby . However , 15 states plus the District of Columbia , accounting for roughly 44 % of the U.S. population , strengthened their gun laws in 2013 . Eight of these states , including Colorado , Delaware and Illinois , made fairly substantial changes by enacting background-check requirements for all handgun sales . Maryland adopted a licensing system for handgun purchasers and stronger regulation of gun dealers . California , Connecticut and Maryland expanded firearm prohibitions for high-risk individuals . Moreover , the Obama administration took action on many relevant executive orders . A director for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms has finally been confirmed by the Senate . Federal agencies are funding research on gun violence . But widespread gun trafficking from states with weak gun laws to states with stronger laws underscores the need for better federal laws . Congress will likely act only when more gun owners who support policies to keep guns from dangerous people become engaged on the issue . In a large national survey my colleagues and I conducted in January 2013 , 84 % of gun owners and 74 % of National Rifle Association members supported background checks for all gun sales . Other surveys show similar findings . What is keeping so many gun owners on the sidelines ? One likely impediment is the way the issue has been cast as a cultural battle as opposed to a public safety problem . Another may be gun owners ' susceptibility to the gun lobby 's bogus talking points . The frame for this cultural battle is not accidental . Pushed by the gun lobby and fanned by news media 's tendency to highlight conflict , widely favored , commonsense safety measures such as background checks are portrayed as attacks on gun owners ' way of life . The gun lobby 's claims that background checks restrict gun ownership and lead to gun registries and confiscations are repeated and often left unchallenged . When you hear something enough times , you begin to think it 's true . And that 's exactly the intent of the NRA and other groups . Here 's the reality check : Background checks pose no threat to lawful gun ownership . Federal law forbids the federal government from maintaining anything resembling a registry of gun owners . Federal law has mandated background checks for guns sold by licensed gun dealers since 1994 without creating a registry . Exempting private gun transactions from background check requirements facilitates gun trafficking . Fixing this fatal flaw in the system would curtail the diversion of guns to criminals . In the year since the tragedy in Newtown , it is likely that more than 12,000 Americans have died of gun violence and countless others live in fear of being shot . We should stick to facts , dispel myths , and call a truce to cultural battles . Current federal gun laws aid criminals and the gun industry at the expense of public safety . Requiring background checks for all gun sales would give the vast majority of gun owners what they want while keeping guns from those who should n't have them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Webster .	On the eve of Newtown massacre anniversary , there 's a school shooting in Colorado Daniel Webster : Lax gun laws allow dangerous people easy access to guns He says we must stop treating this as a cultural battle ; it is a public safety problem Webster : Even gun owners and NRA members support background checks
LONDON , England  CNN  -- DJ and pop star Boy George has been denied a visa to enter the United States , his Web site said Tuesday . In 2007 , George spent five days cleaning the streets of New York to fulfill a community service sentence . U.S. immigration authorities denied the visa because George , 48 , faces trial in November in London on charges of false imprisonment relating to an April 2007 incident , according to a statement from Boy George 's management , posted on his site . "  George is astounded at the decision and is having his lawyers here in the States look at it in the hope that someone will change their mind , " the statement read . Boy George , whose real name is George O'Dowd , was charged in London last November with false imprisonment following a complaint from a 28-year-old man , police said . The incident happened in East London the previous April , police said . George is free on unconditional bail and is not barred from traveling as he awaits trial , his management said . His upcoming schedule includes a series of U.S. club dates in July and August . George is best known as the singer of '80s pop group Culture Club , with hits including "  Karma Chameleon " and "  Do You Really Want to Hurt Me ? " He quit the band in 1987 and embarked on a short solo career before reinventing himself as a club DJ and launching a fashion label , B-Rude . In August 2007 , George spent five days cleaning the streets of Manhattan to fulfill a community service sentence for falsely reporting a break-in at his New York home . George 's management said the denial of his U.S. visa had nothing to do with that case .	48-year-old Boy George on trial in London in November Performer faces charges of false imprisonment relating to 2007 incident George is free on unconditional bail and is not barred from traveling Due to play series of U.S. club dates in July and August
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Despite the fact that some of the effects of climate change are still imperceptible to all but the most highly trained eyes , there can be no doubting the alarming picture painted by glacier melt . The iPhone application includes audio , video , slideshows and a documentary film . As these rivers of ice retreat back up the valleys they carved out , so scientists ' knowledge of climate change advances , in turn helping us recognize the signs of a warming world . Now a new iPhone app is helping visitors to the Swiss Alps understand how climate change is altering the landscape . Developed by the Oeschger Center for Climate Change Research at the University of Bern in Switzerland and Swiss software company , Texetera , the Jungfrau Climate Guide is an interactive guide to glaciers and climate change . For a fee of 20 CHF  around $ 19  visitors to the Jungfrau Alpine region can hire an iPhone loaded with the app . Kaspar Meuli , Head of Communications at the Oeschger Center , told CNN what people can expect from the device . "  There are many different levels to the application . Audio pieces -- like the ones you might expect to find in a museum guide which guide you through paths on seven different trails . " At different stages along each trail , the phones -- aided by the built-in GPS -- alert visitors to particular points of interest by sounding a yodel . "  For example , " Meuli explained , "  if you are standing in front of a glacier you will be told why it is no longer as big and provided with images of what it looked like 100 years ago , and what it might look like in the future . " There are more than 40 audio guides , plus a range of multimedia offerings including videos , slide shows and a documentary film . There are also sections which describe the various flora on the trails along with information on biodiversity . "  Everyone who tries it is quite fascinated by it , " Meuli said . "  People are realizing that climate change is real when they see the consequences . " The Jungfrau region is home to the upper and lower Grindelwald glaciers , which have retreated rapidly in recent years . In 2008 , the World Glacier Monitoring Service reported that glaciers in some regions of the world were melting away at a rate of more than a meter a year recently . Responding to the 2008 report , Achim Steiner , Executive Director of the U.N. Environmental Program , said : "  Millions , if not billions , of people depend directly or indirectly on these natural water storage facilities for drinking water , agriculture , industry and power generation . " "  There are many canaries emerging in the climate change coal mine , " Steiner added . "  The glaciers are perhaps among those making the most noise . " In the future , Meuli says the University hopes to produce features that can be used by teachers in preparation for taking classes to the glaciers .	New iPhone app is helping visitors to Swiss Alps understand glacier melt The Jungfrau Climate Guide app uses audio , video and slide shows Developed at University of Bern the app examines retreat of Grindelwald glaciers
CNN  -- Outside of the four grand slams , it 's the most coveted title in men 's tennis . Through various evolutions , the ATP World Tour Finals is now a $ 5 million tournament that crowns a grueling , long year . Bringing together the world 's top eight stars in head-to-head competition , it will play to capacity crowds in London 's eye-catching O2 Arena , starting on Sunday . "  No easy matches , and terrific tennis , " Roger Federer 's coach Paul Annacone told CNN . "  Definitely the biggest event after the grand slams and met with a lot of anticipation and excitement . " World No. 1 Novak Djokovic will seek to top off an amazing season already bulging with three grand slam titles , while defending champion Federer is seeking a record sixth victory in the tournament . Djokovic is 69-4 for the year and incredibly clinched his place at the finals by mid-May during his 43-match unbeaten start to 2011 , but the Serbian has had injury problems of late and may struggle to be at his best . "  I do n't feel obliged to win the tournament in order to make this season perfect but I will do my best to prepare and finish off the season in style , " he said . The top eight doubles pairings , led this time by the American Bryan brothers Mike and Bob , will also compete for their end-of-year crown . Here 's CNN 's guide to all you need to know about the sport 's "  fifth major . " Who are the contenders ? Group A : Novak Djokovic , Andy Murray , David Ferrer , Tomas Berdych . Group B : Rafael Nadal , Roger Federer , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , Mardy Fish . Novak Djokovic : Comes into the tournament under an injury cloud after withdrawing from the Paris Masters at the quarterfinal stage with a shoulder injury . But he arrived in London early and has been practicing hard ahead of his opening clash on Monday night against Tomas Berdych . His only previous title at the ATP World Tour Finals came back in 2008 in Shanghai . Rafael Nadal : The 10-time grand slam champion has never won this title , losing to Roger Federer in last year 's final . The Spaniard has played second fiddle to Djokovic for much of 2011 , losing his top ranking after the Serb beat him in the finals of Wimbledon and the U.S. Open as well as in four Masters 1000 tournaments . But he did win the French Open on clay for the sixth time and helped Spain reach next month 's Davis Cup final against Argentina . Andy Murray : Home favorite Murray has again missed out in the grand slams in 2011 , losing in the final of the Australian Open to the all-conquering Djokovic and losing to Nadal in the semis at the French Open , Wimbledon and the U.S. Open . But he is in hot form after winning three successive events in Asia , including his eighth Masters 1000 title in Shanghai which lifted him above Federer to third in the world rankings . Roger Federer : The Swiss maestro has been unable to add to his record tally of 16 grand slam titles in 2011 , losing in the French Open final after ending Djokovic 's winning run in the semis . Came close to repeating the feat at the U.S. Open where he held two match points before losing to Djokovic in the fifth set . But recent titles in Basel and Paris see the 30-year-old in fine fettle as he seeks to make more history . David Ferrer : The world No. 5 's best showing in the finals is a runner-up spot to Federer in the 2007 event in Shanghai . He beat Davis Cup teammate Nadal in January 's Australian Open but lost to Murray in the semis . He has reached sixth ATP finals this year , including Masters 1000 tournaments in Monte Carlo and Shanghai , winning titles in Auckland and Acapulco . Tomas Berdych : The hard-hitting Czech went out at the group stage in his debut last year with a 1-2 record . Best known for reaching the 2010 Wimbledon final , this year Berdych has won the China Open title and beat Murray in November 's Paris Masters quarterfinals before losing to Federer . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : The popular Frenchman beat Djokovic in his only other appearance in 2008 , but still went out in the group stage . Won his sixth ATP Tour title in late September in Metz and comes into the tournament in good form after reaching the final in Paris . Mardy Fish : The first appearance for the American No. 1 , who is renowned for his dashes to the net and fine volleying , but his mobility may be hampered by recent injuries . He won his sixth career title in Atlanta and beat Nadal in the quarters in Cincinnati as he reached a career-high seventh in the rankings . How did they get there ? Players gain points from playing in the four grand slams , ATP World Tour events including eight Masters Series tournaments , and World Group singles matches in the Davis Cup teams competition . The more prestigious the event , the more points at stake . The top seven players in the rankings are automatic qualifiers , and the eighth spot is reserved for any grand slam winner not in those places -- a rare occurrence , unless injury strikes . Alternates are also invited to step in if a players gets injured during the round-robin play . Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic and Spain 's Nicolas Almagro fulfill that role this year . What 's at stake ? The ATP World Tour Finals is among the most lucrative on the circuit with an unbeaten winner walking away with a check for $ 1.63 million . Players receive $ 120,000 for just qualifying , with $ 120,000 for each round-robin win . An undefeated doubles pair pocket $ 287,000 from an overall prize purse of just over $ 5 million . The points gained count towards the final end-of-year ranking . Djokovic is already assured his top spot with a huge gap over Nadal , but back in 2000 Gustavo Kuerten of Brazil dramatically snatched the No. 1 ranking from Marat Safin of Russia when he beat American legend Andre Agassi in the final . How does it work ? The players are divided into two groups of four and play each other once in a round-robin format , before the top two in each pool advance to the semifinals . Tournament schedule It is possible to lose twice , but still progress and win the tournament . If players are tied on the same number of victories , then the total sets won decides -- if this is also equal then it goes down to total match points . Matches are over best-of-three tiebreak sets , having changed from best-of-five in 2008 . Can Federer make history ? Tied on five titles with Czech star Ivan Lendl and American legend Pete Sampras , Federer is primed to break the record according to Annacone . "  Roger 's been playing well , especially the last couple of weeks , so I think he has a terrific chance , " Annacone , who also worked with 14-time grand slam winner Sampras , told CNN . "  The others are also going to be ready and know this is a big opportunity as well , so I think it will be an interesting event in terms of the matches and results . " Where did it all begin ? American Stan Smith was the first winner in Tokyo in 1970 , when it was known as the Masters Grand Prix -- organized and promoted by the International Tennis Federation . A rival tournament , the WCT Finals , was run by the World Championship Tennis Tour and continued to exist in tandem until 1989 . U.S. legend John McEnroe won five WCT titles , as well as three Masters Grand Prix crowns . The Association of Tennis Professionals  ATP  took over the running of the men 's tour from 1990 and the event evolved into the ATP Tour Championship , but the ITF promoted a rival Grand Slam Cup for the top-16 players with the best records in the four majors until 1999 . They reached an agreement to merge the two events and rename it the Tennis Masters Cup , which ran from 2000 until the latest rebranding in 2009 when the tournament moved to the UK capital . The doubles event , which used to take place at a different venue , has been staged in tandem with the singles since Houston in 2003 .	ATP World Tour Finals begin Sunday at London 's O2 Arena World No. 1 Novak Djokovic seeking to repeat his 2008 success in China Defending champion Roger Federer aiming for record sixth title Federer is drawn in the same group as last year 's runner-up Rafael Nadal
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- It is the most popular photograph in history : Argentine revolutionary Ernesto "  Che " Guevara stares pensively at the horizon , his steely eyes shielded behind a thick beard and his trademark beret . The shot -- taken by Cuban photographer Alberto Korda in Havana on March 5 , 1960 -- turned the charismatic and controversial leader into a cultural icon . Che 's image , here advertising soda , is still seen around the world . Now , nearly a half-century later , the photograph is used by communists and capitalists , Marxists and marketers to sell ideas . In his new book , "  Che 's Afterlife : The Legacy of an Image "  Vintage Books  , journalist Michael Casey examines how this photograph came to take on a life of its own and become the most reproduced photograph in the world . "  The Korda photograph can be seen on t-shirts , beach towels and condoms , even , " he said . "  And it is in all corners of the world . You can find it in East Timor , parts of Africa , Israel , as well as Lebanon . You can see it in the United States and here in Latin America . And what this book is trying to do is discover why . What made this thing so big ? So universal ? " The life of Che , the Argentine-born doctor turned revolutionary , has been well documented since his death in a Bolivian jungle in 1967 . Countless books have been written about his role in leading Fidel Castro 's Cuban revolution and translated into dozens of languages . Hollywood has given Che the treatment twice : in 2004 's "  Motorcycle Diaries " and last year in a two-part biopic starring Benicio Del Toro . Last month , "  Che : The Musical " premiered at the Konex Cultural Center in Buenos Aires . What Casey -- the Buenos Aires bureau chief for Dow Jones Newswires -- discovered during three years of investigation throughout Latin America for the book , was that Korda 's image became so popular because it was promoted by people from all walks of life , including Castro , pop-artist Andy Warhol and countless students from Paris , Berkeley and beyond , who embraced the image as a symbol of rebellion during an era when the world was aching for change . "  Whether or not people believe in Che 's hard-line version of Marxism , they want hope , " Casey said . "  They want hope and beauty -- and somehow both of those things are encapsulated in this image . And so you get people investing their dreams in it . I think that is at the heart of it , with all these other forces : political , artistic , marketing , economic , all coming together in a way that really makes it a ubiquitous brand . " Watch author Michael Casey discuss the Che Guevara image " The brand , Casey writes , is the "  quintessential post-modern icon " but may be surpassed by a newer image : artist Shepard Fairey 's Barack Obama "  Hope " poster , which Obama used during his run to the White House . "  I think that Obama is extremely cognizant of the power of images , " Casey said . " -LSB- The ` Hope ' -RSB- poster is very much caught up in some of these forces that moved Che forward . They are very different people , obviously , but that 's only part of the point . "  Part of the point is that the U.S. is engaged in a battle of brands , always has been . ` Uncle Sam vs. Che ' if you really want to boil it down to what Latin America and its ugly history in part has been , " he said . "  So , part of the United States ' battle to improve relations with the region is improving its image . And in some respects you now have an alternative brand with Obama . The previous brand did not sell very well in Latin America . The new brand is getting off to a much better start . " So while U.S. relations with Latin America , and much of the world , look to be changing , it 's safe to say that the Che image -- and its ability to mean all things to all people -- will likely always stay the same .	Photo of revolutionary Che Guevara is the most reproduced image in history Michael Casey examines how photo became "  quintessential post-modern icon " The picture was taken on March 5 , 1960 by Cuban photographer Alberto Korda The image is now seen around the world , on everything from t-shirts to condoms
CNN  With all the health setbacks he has endured , Rafael Nadal is used to comebacks . He made another one Friday at the exhibition Mubadala World Tennis Championship in Abu Dhabi but it did n't last long , as the 14-time grand slam champion was crushed by Andy Murray 6-2 6-0 in the semifinals . While Nadal most certainly would have wanted to put up a better showing , he 'll probably just be happy -- for the moment -- that he has physically recovered from the appendix surgery that forced him to skip the year-end ATP World Tour Finals in London last November . He 'll have a little over two weeks to find his game before the start of the year 's first grand slam , the Australian Open , and he vows to make progress . Next week the Spaniard -- who suffered a back injury in last year 's Australian Open final and skipped last year 's U.S. Open with a wrist complaint -- competes at the Qatar Open in nearby Doha . "  There are only small things I need to adjust , " Nadal , who has competed in just three ATP tournaments since Wimbledon , was quoted as saying by the Gulf News . "  6-2 6-0 is too much -- I had a lot of chances to have a closer result , " he added . "  I have to improve , that 's obvious , and I 'm going to improve . This match helps me and the defeat does not affect me too much . "  I felt I was dominating the points a lot of times , but I am missing competitive spirit . I am going to keep working hard . " Murray , too , knows what it 's like to return from injuries . The two-time grand slam winner from Scotland underwent back surgery late in 2013 and never really found his form in 2014 , achieving one grand slam semifinal . His body is feeling better , though . The off-season has certainly been eventful for Murray . He cut ties with his co-coach and good friend Dani Vallverdu and longtime fitness trainer Jez Green . In happier news , however , he announced his engagement to girlfriend Kim Sears . Murray faces a rematch with world No. 1 Novak Djokovic -- Murray 's pal and victim in both of his successes in grand slam finals -- on Saturday . Djokovic ousted Switzerland 's Stan Wawrinka 6-1 6-2 in the other semifinal . It was Wawrinka who upended the Serb en route to the Australian Open title in 2014 , breaking up the dominance of the Big Four .	Andy Murray routs Rafael Nadal 6-2 6-0 at the Mubadala exhibition tournament The semifinal in Abu Dhabi marked Nadal 's comeback from appendix surgery The 14-time grand slam winner also suffered back and wrist injuries in 2014 Murray meets Novak Djokovic in Saturday 's final after the Serb beat Stan Wawrinka
Editor 's note : How would you rate President Obama 's first 100 days ? You 'll get a chance to make your opinion known at 7 p.m. ET Wednesday on the CNN National Report Card . The Obamas enjoy their new family dog , Bo , at the White House . CNN  -- Heather Ferreira works in the slums of Mumbai , India , where she has watched thousands of women live under a "  curse . " The women she meets in the squalid streets where "  Slumdog Millionaire " was filmed are often treated with contempt , she says . They 're considered ugly if their skin and hair are too dark . They are deemed "  cursed " if they only have daughters . Many would-be mothers even abort their children if they learn they 're female . Yet lately she says Indian women are getting another message from the emergence of another woman thousands of miles away . This woman has dark skin and hair . She walks next to her husband in public , not behind . And she has two daughters . But no one calls her cursed . They call her Michelle Obama , the first lady . "  She could be a new face for India , " says Ferreira , program officer for an HIV-prevention program run by World Vision , an international humanitarian group . "  She shows women that it 's OK to have dark skin and to not have a son . She 's quite real to us . " Those who focus on Michelle Obama 's impact on America are underestimating her reach . The first lady is inspiring women of color around the globe to look at themselves , and America , in fresh ways . See photos of past first ladies " "  She might be the first woman of color that females in male-dominated countries have seen as confident , bright , educated , articulate and persuasive , " says Barbara Perry , author of "  Jacqueline Kennedy : First Lady of the New Frontier . " A symbol for women around the globe The notion of a woman being a first in anything is alien in many parts of the world . Millions of women struggle against sexual violence , discrimination and poverty , several women activists say . But Michelle Obama offers a personal rebuke to that message . Her personal story -- born into a blue-collar family ; overcoming racism and once even making more money than her husband -- makes her a mesmerizing figure to women across the globe , says Susan M. Reverby , a professor of women 's studies at Wellesley College in Massachusetts . Reverby says this is the first time many women have seen their class and color reflected in America 's first lady . Watch how Michelle Obama has done during her first 100 days " "  This is someone who appeals across the usual divides , " Reverby says . "  She is a celebrity you can imagine being , not a celebrity you have to watch from afar . " A hint of Michelle Obama 's global appeal came recently when she spoke at an all-girls school in London , England . The students came from various backgrounds : Muslim , Christian , black and white . Yet they all surged forward , shrieking and even crying , as they hugged the first lady . Thu Nguyen , a native of Vietnam , was n't at the London school , but she experienced a similar sense of elation when Obama became first lady . In her native country , she says women "  are not human beings . " But when Obama became the first lady , Nguyen called her niece and told her that any hard-working woman could become the first . Vietnamese women can identify with Michelle Obama , Nguyen says . "  We have a yellow color because we 're Asian , so we felt a bond with -LSB- Michelle -RSB- Obama when she became the first black first lady , " says Nguyen , who works at a nail salon in South Pasadena , California . Some women 's identification with the first lady , however , goes deeper than skin color . Sue Mbaya of Nairobi , Kenya , says the first lady inspires African woman to assert themselves in their personal and professional lives . Many African women are conditioned to be subservient , she says . They 're prevented from rising to management positions in the workplace , and their families often relegate them to taking care of household tasks while sending their brothers off to school . But Obama is a high achiever who did n't intimidate her husband , says Mbaya , a native of Zimbabwe who is the advocacy director for World Vision 's Africa 's region . "  I 've always liked knowing that she was Barack Obama 's supervisor when they first met , " Mbaya says . "  He once said that he would n't be where he is without his wife . That really appeals to me . " Women in the West also find inspiration in Obama . Christine Louise Hohlbaum , who lives near Munich , Germany , says the first lady impresses German women because she is a powerful public figure who does n't seem threatening . German history is marked by charismatic leaders who wielded personal power for malevolent ends , she says . "  She 's the perfect blend of power and civility . That 's important in German culture , " says Hohlbaum , author of "  The Power of Slow : 101 Ways to Save Time in Our 24/7 World . " How does Michelle Obama define herself ? While other women have defined Obama 's appeal , the first lady is refining her role . She has talked publicly about the pressures military families face . She has encouraged healthy eating by planting a White House garden . She 's opened the White House to ordinary people and children . Service to community and family seems to be her theme . She recently drew the most attention for what she did , not said , during a visit to London . She briefly embraced Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , breaking royal protocol . The Queen , however , according to press accounts , responded warmly to the first lady 's embrace . Obama has often been compared to another regal woman : Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis . But Autumn Stephens , author of "  Feisty First Ladies , " says that Obama reminds her more of former first lady Hillary Clinton . "  But Hillary really downplayed the mom part , whereas Michelle has really played it up , " Stephens says . "  She is straddling both worlds . " In a poll of first ladies , certain women are invariably cited by historians as the most noteworthy : Abigail Adams , Lady Bird Johnson and Eleanor Roosevelt , who is widely considered to be the most influential first lady , Stephens says . Where would Stephens rank Michelle Obama ? "  She 's got the whole package , " Stephens says . "  She 's in a class by herself . "	Michelle Obama inspires women of color around the globe Indian woman : ` She is a new face for India ' First lady 's dark skin and modest upbringing gives women hope German woman : ` She 's the perfect blend of power and civility '
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- Supporters of slain teen Trayvon Martin and his acknowledged killer continued Tuesday to battle over the significance of evidence in the case . A Martin family attorney insisted Tuesday that the former prosecutor in the case met with the now sidelined police chief to discuss the case hours after Martin died , overruling a police detective who the family says prepared an affidavit urging that neighborhood watch captain George Zimmerman be arrested . Meanwhile , a friend of Zimmerman 's told CNN that video of the neighborhood watch volunteer in police custody does seem to show injuries consistent with Zimmerman 's report that Martin slammed his head to the concrete after the two exchanged words . FBI agents were in Sanford on Tuesday , continuing their interviews in a civil rights investigation of the case , which Martin family supporters say is a clear-cut case of racial profiling leading to an unjust killing . One of the people they met with Tuesday is Frank Taaffe , Zimmerman 's neighbor and friend . On Monday , agents interviewed Martin 's girlfriend , the 16-year-old girl who , phone records show , was on the line with him shortly before the fatal confrontation , Martin family attorney Daryl Parks confirmed Tuesday . Special prosecutor Angela Corey 's investigation also continued . Martin 's family and supporters say Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , profiled Martin , who was black , as "  suspicious " and ignored a police dispatcher 's request that he not follow him . Martin had a bag of Skittles and an iced tea at the time of his death . The 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer has said he killed the unarmed 17-year-old in self-defense , saying the teen punched him and slammed his head into a sidewalk before the shooting , according to family members and police . Rallies nationwide have called for Zimmerman 's arrest , decrying the Sanford Police Department 's handling of the case . Zimmerman 's legal adviser , Craig Sonner , said on Tuesday that criminal defense lawyer Hal Uhrig would represent Zimmerman and that Sonner would serve as co-counsel if the case were to proceed . Uhrig spent more than six years with the Gainesville Police Department in Florida before graduating from law school in 1974 . In an interview with WOFL-TV in Orlando , both lawyers said they had communicated with Zimmerman only by telephone . Sonner said Zimmerman , who has not appeared publicly since the shooting , was concerned about "  people who will do him harm . " On Tuesday , Martin family attorney Jasmine Rand insisted again that the former prosecutor in the case , State Attorney Norm Wolfinger , met with the now sidelined Sanford police chief on the night of the killing and overruled a police detective urging that Zimmerman be arrested . In a letter delivered Monday to the U.S. Justice Department , the Martin family said the Sanford police detective "  filed an affidavit stating that he did not find Zimmerman 's statements credible in light of the circumstances and facts surrounding the shooting . " The Martin family said Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee and State Attorney Norm Wolfinger met the night of the shooting and disregarded the detective 's advice , allowing Zimmerman to remain free . ABC News has reported that the lead homicide investigator , Chris Serino , filed an affidavit pushing for charges the night of the killing , but was overruled by the state attorney 's office . Neither Sanford police nor prosecutors have confirmed the existence of such an affidavit . Sanford officials and special prosecutor Corey 's office declined to comment . On Tuesday , Rand said she had not seen a copy of the affidavit , but said she believed several news organizations had . But Wolfinger , who stepped aside in the case last month , vehemently denied that any "  such meeting or communication occurred " between him and Lee . "  I am outraged by the outright lies contained in the letter by Benjamin Crump , " a Martin family attorney , Wolfinger said in a statement Monday . "  I have been encouraging those spreading the irresponsible rhetoric to stop and allow State Attorney Angela Corey to complete her work , " he said . "  Another falsehood distributed to the media does nothing to forward that process . " Rand said the family 's legal team has multiple , credible sources who say Wolfinger and Lee met that night . She declined to elaborate . The two sides also argued Tuesday over surveillance video showing Zimmerman in police custody after the shooting . An enhanced copy of the video appears to show a bump , mark or injury on Zimmerman 's head more clearly than does another copy of the video previously reviewed by CNN . That video had a grainy quality . While the video does not appear to show major wounds , Taaffe , Zimmerman 's neighbor and friend , said Seminole County paramedics cared for Zimmerman before they released him to police . "  That 's why you do n't see him like he came out of a 12-round fight like Rocky Balboa against Apollo Creed , " Taaffe said . But Rand , the Martin family attorney , said Tuesday that it does n't matter what the videotape shows . "  That does not change our position , " she said . "  Once again , George Zimmerman was the aggressor . He pursued Trayvon in this instance . If he did have any medical injuries , that did not give him the right to use deadly force and shoot and kill Trayvon . " Also Tuesday , Taaffe told CNN that the neighborhood had experienced a spate of burglaries over 15 months , which he said were committed by black men . But Taaffe said Zimmerman was not a racist . "  Young black men were never the topic of discussion , " he said . It was that neighborhood homes had been repeatedly burglarized , he said . Police records did n't appear to support Taaffe 's assertion , describing four incidents involving black men . Taaffe declined further comment to CNN . The continued discussion over recorded evidence carried over from Monday , when a major point of debate was a 911 call placed on the night Martin was killed . Zimmerman has said he was yelling for help , according to his family members and his account to authorities , as first reported by the Orlando Sentinel and later confirmed by Sanford police . But Martin 's relatives , including his cousin Ronquavis Fulton , have said they are certain the voice heard on the 911 call is Trayvon Martin 's . Audio experts Tom Owen and Ed Primeau , who analyzed the recordings for the Sentinel using different techniques , said they do n't believe it is Zimmerman who is heard yelling in the background of one 911 call . They compared the screams with Zimmerman 's voice , as recorded in a 911 call he made minutes earlier describing a "  suspicious " black male . "  There 's a huge chance that this is not Zimmerman 's voice , " said Primeau , a longtime audio engineer who is listed as an expert in recorded evidence by the American College of Forensic Examiners International . "  After 28 years of doing this , I would put my reputation on the line and say this is not George Zimmerman screaming . " What witnesses say Owen , a forensic audio analyst and chairman emeritus of the American Board of Recorded Evidence , also said he does not believe the screams came from Zimmerman . He cited software that is widely used in Europe and has become recently accepted in the United States that examines characteristics like pitch and the space between spoken words to analyze voices . Using it , he found a 48 % likelihood the voice is Zimmerman 's . At least 60 % is necessary to feel confident two samples are from the same source , he told CNN on Monday -- meaning it 's unlikely it was Zimmerman who can be heard yelling . The experts , both of whom said they have testified in cases involving audio analysis , stressed they can not say who was screaming . But CNN and HLN legal analysts Beth Karas and Sonny Hostin raised questions about what the public should consider regarding the conclusions reached . Hostin said several questions and variables must be considered , including the fact the tests did not analyze similar speech . That is , the analysis was based on screams heard from a distance in a 911 call , compared with a direct phone conversation Zimmerman had with a 911 operator . "  Ideally , you want  Zimmerman or Martin 's  voice saying the same exact thing , screaming ` Help ! ' in order to analyze it , " she said . Would these tests be admissible in court and considered evidence ? "  It really depends on the individual judge , " Hostin said . "  In Florida , they are going to conduct a Frye test , the legal test , which asks if the science is generally accepted in the community . " Karas questioned whether the test stood up to the voice-comparison standards of the American Board of Recorded Evidence . The standards indicate that , when analyzing speech , there should be a minimum of at least 10 words to be compared with each other in order to say you can have a "  possible elimination " conclusion . But in this case , the cries for help do n't have nearly that number of words . Owen said the published American Board of Recorded Evidence standards apply only partially to the kind of test he conducted . "  These standards apply to the older aural-spectrographic analysis and software , " Owen said . "  This only partially applies to the biometric software . " Both Karas and Hostin urged caution in reaching any conclusions about the findings of Primeau and Owen . "  I do think we need to take a step back , as with most of the facts in this case , and look at it the way the court would , " Hostin said . "  And that is by asking if the circumstances of how , and if , the test was done , OK , and wait to determine whether it 's reliable . " The ongoing friction from the incident has continued to divide Sanford and the country . But Sanford Mayor Jeff Triplett said Tuesday he senses that people in his community are ready to start trying to move on . "  I think there 's a big portion of the city that are trying to get to the healing mode , " he said . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Jason Basso , Wolf Blitzer , Vivian Kuo , Tracy Sabo and Natisha Lance contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Martin family attorney insists prosecutor and police chief met State Attorney Norm Wolfinger says he 's "  outraged " by the claim , which he says is a lie Friend of George Zimmerman defends the neighborhood watch volunteer Frank Taaffe says the community was suffering through a spate of burglaries
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Slathered in a thick coat of sunscreen , Australian endurance swimmer Chloe McCardel leapt into the waters off Havana on Wednesday in her bid to swim the Straits of Florida . If successful , McCardel will set a world record for the longest unassisted swim . She said she expected her marathon swim through shark - and jelly fish-infested waters to take 60 hours . "  I think it will all work out well , " McCardel , 28 , said Wednesday minutes before diving into the calm waters off the Cuban capital . "  It will be tough though ; it 's not going to be an easy ride . But we will get through it as a team . " The attempt has cost around $ 150,000 to finance , McCardel said earlier . She said she hopes to raise money for cancer research and try to improve U.S.-Cuba relations . Each stroke the Australian swimmer takes will be monitored by teammates in two boats escorting her and by scientists at three universities in the United States . But other than liquid meals handed to her in a bottle every half-hour by a kayacker paddling near her , McCardel said she would not receive help during the long-distance swim and not use any swim aids such as flippers or a wet suit . In 1997 , fellow Australian Susie Maroney swam the straits from inside a shark cage . Since then , several high-profile attempts to cross the Florida Straits without a shark cage have been attempted . All have failed . McCardel said she would use "  a shark shield " device that emits an electromagnetic pulse to keep away hungry predators . She also possibly will be exposed to jellyfish stings as she is forgoing a full-body suit that would offer some protection . Such a suit would also offer her warmth during the marathon swim . But McCardel , who has completed six solo crossings of the English Channel , said she does n't think water temperature will be a major factor . "  I have been sweating swimming here , " she said . McCardel said she thinks her greatest advantage will be a team of scientists who have studied the lessons of previous failed attempts and will be in constant touch with people on the boats accompanying her , supplying weather and ocean current updates . "  We can turn a negative situation into a positive one , " said Bob Olin , McCardel 's boat captain who has participated in four previous attempts by swimmers to cross the Florida Straits . "  We ca n't afford a negative ; we ca n't go backward . " Despite the technology and people assisting her , McCardel will ultimately be alone with her thoughts in the water as she struggles for hour after hour to reach the Florida Keys . "  If I ever get frustrated , I think about something positive to help propel me forward , " she said . "  I visualize the finish , what it will be like when I walk up on shore . " Diana Nyad abandons swim after storm , jellyfish stings	NEW : "  I think it will all work out well , " Chloe McCardel says before she begins swim Endurance swimmer will try to cover 100 miles from Cuba to Florida Sharks , jellyfish , currents among the obstacles McCardel may face If successful , she 'll set a world record for longest unassisted swim
CNN  -- After all the celebrating , overeating and overdrinking with friends and family , sitting down quietly with a good book could be just the thing you need . Sure , you could turn to the old holiday standbys , but if you want to think outside the Christmas box , here are 10 great nontraditional books for holiday-themed reading : 1 . "  Pat Hobby Stories " F. Scott Fitzgerald spent his last years in Hollywood , working on an unfinished final novel and screenplays that did n't go anywhere . His "  Pat Hobby Stories , " wry and winning tales of a washed-up screenwriter who just never learns , suggest he never stopped learning or lost his sense of humor . The first , "  Pat Hobby 's Christmas Wish , " has him attempting to blackmail a producer into a promotion on the day before Christmas . 2 . "  A Likely Story " We find another writer with Christmas headaches in Donald Westlake 's "  A Likely Story . " Westlake is best known for his crime novels ; here he goes in a different direction , with a very funny story about families in the age of divorce . Tom Diskant is doing his best to sort out a complicated personal life while trying to keep his glossy publishing project , "  The Christmas Book , " on track . Both go wrong in unexpected ways . 3 . "  Last Night at the Lobster " In "  Last Night at the Lobster , " Stewart O'Nan gives us all the small details that make up a day 's work in a popular franchise restaurant . It 's just before Christmas , and we share the regrets , hopes and best intentions of the beleaguered manager after corporate tells him to shut the place down . 4 . "  P.S. Your Cat Is Dead " James Kirkwood won a Tony and a Pulitzer for "  A Chorus Line , " but his comic novel , "  P.S. Your Cat Is Dead , " has its own devoted following . It 's New Year 's Eve when Jimmy , a just-dumped , out-of-work actor , catches Vito breaking into his apartment . It 's his third break-in , and Jimmy 's had enough . He decides to hold Vito responsible for everything that 's gone wrong . The two hit it off , though , and over the course of a long night , things get stranger and gayer and better . 5 . "  I Remember " You can find a more traditional holiday in Joe Brainard 's "  I Remember . " The episodic memoir from the New York-school poet is filled with simple striking moments recalled from the sort of middle-American childhood that we all miss , whether we had one or not . 6 . "  Santa Claus : A Biography " There 's no bigger Christmas celebrity than Santa Claus . But like most celebrities , we only think we know him . Gerry Bowler 's sprightly cultural history , "  Santa Claus : A Biography , examines his origins and evolution . The book suggests there 's still hope for Santa , despite the corporate spokesperson and entertainment icon he 's been turned into today . 7 . "  Wise Blood " Of course , there 's one bigger name in Christmas , the one people say gets forgotten amidst all the parties and wrapping paper . In Flannery O'Connor 's "  Wise Blood , " Hazel Motes wants to forget about Jesus and sin and salvation so badly that he takes to the streets , preaching the gospel of the Church Without Christ . The more he insists , though , the more we do n't believe him . Southern gothic at its finest . 8 . "  An Atheist 's Guide to Christmas " Genuine atheists have to make it through the holidays too , and they are n't confused about what they really believe . They are n't necessarily as angry as you 'd think from the current crop of Big Atheism books , either . The writers who contributed to "  An Atheist 's Guide to Christmas " are in a friendlier and funnier mood and remain consistently thoughtful and entertaining . Edited by Robin Harvie and Stephanie Meyers . 9 . "  Doomsday Book " The time-traveling historians in Connie Willis ' award-winning science fiction novel , "  Doomsday Book , " do n't have religion on their minds as the holidays come to Oxford University in 2054 . Something 's gone wrong , and a young grad student is stranded back in a dangerous , plague-ravaged 14th-century England . Willis makes the otherness of medieval society disconcertingly real . 10 . "  Sir Gawain and the Green Knight " Things were n't all plagues and suffering back then , though . "  Sir Gawain and the Green Knight " is a tricky , playful 14th-century tale , one of the great stories of chivalry . It starts when the mysterious Green Knight crashes a sumptuous holiday feast at King Arthur 's court . He proposes a Christmas game to the best and the brightest of Camelot : "  Any one of you can try to chop off my head , " he says , "  and if I survive , a year from now , you must let me chop off yours . " What could possibly go wrong ?	Instead of reading the standby holiday books , try 10 great nontraditional books "  P.S. Your Cat Is Dead " is by James Kirkwood , the man behind "  A Chorus Line " Find out the truth in "  Santa Claus : A Biography " by Gerry Bowler Enjoy a Southern gothic tale with Flannery O'Connor 's "  Wise Blood "
CNN  -- New Zealand 's national airline announced the world 's first scheduled route for Boeing 's 787-9 Dreamliner on Thursday . As the latest Dreamliner 's first customer , Air New Zealand will be flying the launch aircraft from Auckland , where the airline is based , to Perth , in Western Australia starting in October 2014 . A cabin mock-up was revealed as part of the announcement at the opening of the airline 's Customer Innovation and Collaboration Centre in Auckland . Latest features The launch aircraft will offer 302 seats total , with the business premier cabin housing 18 lie-flat seats , a premium economy cabin with 21 seats and two economy cabins with 263 seats total . The plane will also have 14 Skycouch rows -- a design unique to the Kiwi airline that turns a row of three economy seats into a three-seater "  couch . " New features also include a slimmer seat back due to more compact inflight entertainment monitors , allowing more personal space for the passenger . Following the Auckland-Perth route , Air New Zealand will be flying its fleet of 10 787-9 aircraft on Auckland-Tokyo and Auckland-Shanghai routes . More on the Dreamliner The 787-9 is a bigger version of its predecessor , the 787-8 . Able to hold 40 more passengers , the 20-foot-longer Dreamliner also has a greater range of 8,000-8 ,500 nautical miles , compared to the 787-8 's range of 7,650-8 ,200 . Marketed for its fuel efficiency -- it uses 20 % less fuel than other aircraft of its size -- the new plane also offers lower seat-mile costs  the cost to fly a single seat one mile  . So far , orders for the 787-9 have accounted for 40 % of all 787 orders , with 26 customers ordering 396 aircraft . Boeing announced on Thursday that the second 787-9 aircraft had completed its first flight from Everett , Washington to Seattle .	Auckland-Perth scheduled route will begin mid-2014 Air New Zealand is the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner 's first customer Airline 's economy cabins will feature 14 Kiwi-designed Skycouch rows
Oklahoma lost another round in its effort to restrict abortions when the U.S. Supreme Court Tuesday declined to hear an appeal in a case that would force women seeking an abortion to have an ultrasound first . The justices , without comment , refused to accept the state 's appeal over HB 2780 , which would require healthcare providers to perform an ultrasound scan before terminating a woman 's pregnancy . Lower state courts found the law unconstitutional . Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt said those judges did not give proper legal weight to previous high court rulings allowing some regulation and restriction on abortions . The new law mandated that pregnant women seeking an abortion be given the chance to view the ultrasound image and be given a medical description , including "  the dimensions of the embryo or fetus , the presence of cardiac activity , if present and viewable , and the presence of external members and internal organs , if present and viewable . " Neither the woman nor her doctor would be punished or penalized if she refused to look at those images , but the procedure , performed either vaginally or abdominally , and the explanation would be required . State lawmakers supporting the legislation said the ultrasound requirement was designed to allow women to make an "  informed decision " before undergoing an abortion . Abortion rights groups objected to the Oklahoma statute . "  Oklahoma 's unusual law imposes serious burdens on a woman 's decision whether to terminate a pregnancy , " said the Center for Reproductive Rights , which filed a brief urging the Supreme Court to stay out of the case . "  It is difficult to imagine a requirement more physically invasive than the state-mandated insertion of a medical device into one 's body even when the patient and the doctor think it unnecessary . " The U.S. high court last week dismissed an Oklahoma appeal on a separate state law limiting abortions performed with medicine instead of surgery . That law would have regulated the ability of doctors to prescribe a medication regime -- using RU-486 pills -- to terminate early pregnancies , and make it a crime to deviate from the federal government-approved dosage and time limits on the drugs . But many physicians , backed by abortion rights supporters , say they routinely induce medical abortions through a combination of drugs they determine is simpler , safer , and less expensive than the current federal protocols on the use of abortion drugs . This was the first of several restrictive abortion laws nationwide to get a recent review by the Supreme Court . A federal appeals court last month allowed a similar law from Texas on medical abortions to go into effect . But a coalition of abortion rights groups immediately asked the Supreme Court for an emergency injunction to block that law 's enforcement . The justices could rule on that request as soon as Tuesday . The Oklahoma ultrasound case is Pruitt v. Nova Health Systems  12-1170  . The pending Texas case is Planned Parenthood of Greater Texas Surgical Health Services v. Abbott , Texas Attorney General  12A452  .	This is the second abortion law Oklahoma has had shot down recently The Supreme Court justices refused to hear the appeal on sonagram requirement Justices could rule soon on injunction request for Texas abortion law
