Mental Floss  -- There 's a good chance you 'll either drink too much eggnog this holiday season or spend time around someone who has . Here 's a look at the background of this December staple . Eggnog can trace its roots back as far as the 14th century , when medieval Englishmen enjoyed a hot cocktail known as posset . Posset did n't contain eggs -- the Oxford English Dictionary describes it as "  a drink made of hot milk curdled with ale , wine , or the like , often sweeten ed and spiced ' -- but over the years eggs joined in on the festive fun . While the egg-laden version of posset was popular with the English , it became less common as time went by . Milk and eggs were both scarce and expensive , and the sherry and Madeira used to spike the mixture was pricey , too . Over time , the concoction became a drink that only aristocrats could really afford . All of that changed in the American colonies , though . What we lacked in parliamentary representation we made up for in easy access to dairy products and liquor . Since many Americans had their own chickens and dairy cattle , tossing together a glass of eggnog was no problem , and the drink 's popularity soared among the colonists even as it sagged back home . This disparity in the drink 's popularity on either side of the pond endures to this day ; eggnog 's popularity in the United Kingdom . still lags far behind its holiday ubiquity here in the States . In fact , here 's how the Guardian 's Andrew Shanahan memorably described the drink in 2006 : "  People rarely get it right , but even if you do it still tastes horrible . The smell is like an omelette and the consistency defies belief . It lurches around the glass like partially-sentient sludge . " Appetizing ! Using your noggin The word "  eggnog " itself has fairly murky origins , but many etymologists think the name stems from the word "  noggin , " which referred to small wooden mugs that were often used to serve this type of drink . Others propose a similar story but explain that the "  nog " comes the Norfolk slang nog to refer to the strong ales that were often served in these cups . Still others think the name is a contraction of colonial Americans ' request to bartenders for an "  egg-and-grog " when they wanted a glass . Furthermore , while the drink itself may date back to medieval times , the word "  eggnog " is a relatively recent invention . The first recorded instances of the use of "  eggnog " only date back to the late 18th century , and by that time , bartenders in the young United States had already tweaked the recipe to give it a more American twist . The Madeira and sherry that English aristocrats had used for their version of eggnog were scarce on this side of the pond , but we had plenty of rum and whiskey . In 1800 , author Isaac Weld , Jr. described the American recipe for eggnog as consisting of "  new milk , eggs , rum , and sugar , beat up together . " Mental Floss : The pooping log and other colorful holiday characters Have one for George Washington Yes , early Americans loved their eggnog , and you can use this fact to your advantage if you down a few too many glasses this year . Simply point out that you 're in good company with the likes of George Washington . Kitchen records from Mount Vernon indicate that Washington served an eggnog-like drink to visitors , and since the general was n't strapped for cash , he did n't skimp on the sauce . Washington 's potent recipe included three different types of booze : rye whiskey , rum , and sherry . Nobody could tell a lie after having a few cups of that . Not everyone had Washington 's funds , though . A thorough look at historical recipes reveals that for most tipplers , the type of booze they snuck into their nog did n't really matter as long as there was something to give it a little kick . In addition to rum , ale , whiskey , and wines , an 1879 collection of recipes from Virginia housewives features a recipe that calls for 12 eggs , eight wine-glassfuls of brandy , and four wine-glassfuls of wine . Another calls for three dozen eggs , half a gallon of domestic brandy , and another half-pint of French brandy . Something 's telling us these shindigs got a little wild . You might not want to read the label If you pick up a carton of commercial eggnog at the supermarket , you 're probably getting much more nog than egg . FDA regulations only require that 1.0 percent of a product 's final weight be made up of egg yolk solids for it to bear the eggnog name . For "  eggnog flavored milk , " the bar is even lower ; in addition to requiring less butterfat in the recipe , this label only requires 0.5 percent egg yolk solids in the carton . Of course , there are other good reasons why we do n't tip back eggnog year-round . Sure , nobody 's reaching for a nice cup of something custardy on a hot day , but it 's not very good for you at all . A relatively small four-ounce cup of store-bought eggnog boasts a whopping 170 calories  half of them from fat  , nearly 10 grams of fat , and over 70 mg of cholesterol .  If you 're keeping score at home , that 's around a quarter of your recommended daily intake of cholesterol . If you choose to eschew these commercial brands in favor of mixing up your own eggnog , you 'll probably want to use pasteurized eggs to suppress the risk of a nasty case of salmonella ; not even a playlist featuring "  Do They Know It 's Christmas ? " ruins a holiday party quite as quickly as making everyone in attendance violently ill . Do n't use unpasteurized eggs under the old argument of "  the booze will kill the germs , " either . The FDA advises that this strategy is n't likely to work . Mental Floss : The history of Christmas tree lights An unhealthy obsession Nutritional info aside , eggnog still has a strong following among holiday drinkers . It 's hard to top the devotion shared by a Virginia father and son in the late 19th century , though . In 1900 , Good Housekeeping ran a story about the Christmas-morning eggnog traditions of Virginia , and it included this anecdote : "  So religiously is this custom of the eggnog drinking observed that Judge Garnett of Mathews County tells a story of rushing in on Christmas morning to warn his father that the house was on fire . The old gentleman first led his son to the breakfast table and ladled out his glass of eggnog , drank one with him , then went to care for the burning building . " True or not , the story certainly underscores the downright magical powers of eggnog . Nobody 's braving a burning building to have a cup of fruit punch or spiced cider . Mental Floss : Dubious diets through the ages For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Eggnog can trace its roots to a hot cocktail known as posset In 1800 , the American recipe for eggnog consisted of milk , eggs , rum , and sugar George Washington 's recipe included 3 types of booze : rye whiskey , rum , sherry A four-ounce cup of store-bought eggnog boasts a whopping 170 calories
CNN  -- The conservation group World Wildlife Fund ousted Spain 's King Juan Carlos as its honorary president after his Botswana hunting trip sparked an outcry for its extravagance during an economic crisis . The king 's private visit came to light this year when he was rushed back to Madrid to undergo hip surgery after falling during the trip . A firestorm ensued , forcing the 74-year-old king to apologize in April . "  I am very sorry . I made a mistake and it wo n't happen again , " the king said on Spanish state television as he left the hospital . Spain 's king apologizes for African hunting trip The Spanish chapter of the WWF voted Saturday to abolish the honorary post , which the king has held since 1968 . "  Although not illegal , the hunting was widely viewed as incompatible with the King 's position at the head of WWF-Spain , " the group said in a statement . There was no immediate response from the royal palace . Spaniards hold the king in high regard for his service to the nation and his defense of democracy after the death of dictator Francisco Franco in 1975 . The criticism of the trip initially focused on the expensive safari amid the nation 's 23 % unemployment rate and austerity measures to make up for budget shortfalls . Some critics also wondered how much public money was spent for security during the king 's private trip . As the economic crisis was unraveling , the king expressed concern over the impact on Spaniards and urged them to come together to get through the tough times . The royal household has a budget of 8.26 million euros  $ 10.8 million  this year -- 2 % less than last year -- and has announced cuts in salaries of some of its staffers . The safari was the latest in a series of scandals for the royal family this year . In April , the king 's 13-year-old grandson shot himself in the foot with a shotgun during target practice with his father . The legal age in Spain to handle firearms , even when accompanied by an adult , is 14 . And the king 's son-in-law , Inaki Urdangarin is a suspect in a financial fraud scandal in which public funds earmarked for his foundation allegedly were diverted for private use . He denies the charges . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report	King Juan Carlos ' hunting trip sparks an outcry over its extravagance Animal rights activists join the firestorm after reports emerge that he was hunting elephants Spain is undergoing an economic crisis "  I am very sorry . I made a mistake and it wo n't happen again , " the king says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A former southern California schoolteacher entered a not guilty plea Tuesday to allegations he bound young students , then photographed them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and three-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces , among other graphic depictions . Authorities have said they have discovered roughly 600 images allegedly taken by Mark Berndt , 61 , in his classroom . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Marcelita Haynes set the next hearing for March 28 . Berndt 's lawyer is asking to see all of the photographs seized by investigators , but the district attorney 's office has only given him copies of 200 photos of the 23 alleged victims who have been identified . The judge will consider if the remaining photos , including those where the children have not been identified , will be given to the defense . Berndt , wearing an orange jail jumpsuit , spoke only once during the short hearing , saying "  not guilty . " The defense complained to the judge that Berndt was not allowed to shave before his court appearance . "  They are purposefully depriving him of this opportunity so he looks unkempt , " rather than like a professional educator , his lawyer said . Victor Acevedo also complained that jailers have identified Berndt as a child molester on the jail 's speaker system . "  We can not have the sheriff 's department deputies acting in such a way to essentially put a bull 's - eye on his head , " Acevedo told reporters after the hearing . The sheriff ordered an internal affairs investigation of the complaint Tuesday , sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Jail supervisors said they were unaware of the incident , Whitmore said . Berndt 's court-appointed lawyer pleaded with journalists outside court to "  not to poison the well " against Berndt in the minds of potential jurors with their reporting . He reminded them of the Duke lacrosse rape case in which three players were accused of sexually assaulting an exotic dancer at a March 14 , 2006 , party . "  Everybody was basically guilty in the media and at the very end , when everything was found out , they dismissed all the charges against all of the lacrosse players , " Acevedo said . He vowed that he would mount a "  very vigorous defense " of the former teacher . Attorney Gloria Allred , known for taking high-profile , controversial cases , was in court to observe . She said she was recently hired by the parent of one of Berndt 's alleged victims . Dismissed by the Los Angeles Unified School District school board about a year ago , Berndt was arrested January 30 . He appeared in court two days later , after which he was ordered held on $ 23 million bail -- $ 1 million for each of the 23 counts of lewd acts on a child that he faces . All of those initial 23 victims were between 7 and 10 years old , and all but two of them were girls , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . Since Berndt 's initial appearance , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Sgt. Dan Scott said an additional 200 photographs purportedly taken by the longtime Miramonte Elementary School teacher had been found . It is uncertain what , if any , additional charges Berndt may face as a result of that discovery or other developments in the investigation . The law enforcement probe began when investigators found "  over 40 photographs depicting children in a school classroom , with their eyes blindfolded and mouths covered with tape , " a Los Angeles County sheriff 's statement said . "  Investigators learned that some of the photos depicted suspect Mark Berndt with his arm around the children , or with his hand over their mouths , " according to the sheriff 's department . Some photos showed "  children with large live Madagascar-type cockroaches on their faces and mouths . " Others show female students with "  what appeared to be a blue plastic spoon , filled with an unknown clear/white liquid substance , up to their mouths as if they were going to ingest the substance , " said the sheriff 's department . Scott said that Berndt was arrested soon after lab testing matched Berndt 's DNA with a substance -- later determined to be semen -- from a blue plastic spoon and an empty container from a trash bin in his classroom . The young students "  did n't realize they were victimized , " said the sheriff 's department spokesman . "  They thought they were being blindfolded and gagged as a game , " Scott added . "  And they were rewarded with cookies or spoons full of sugar ,  but  they did not realize the spoon contained semen . " A search of Berndt 's home found hundreds of photographs depicting children and a video showing sexual "  bondage " activity that "  mirrored the bondage-type photos of the children , " investigators said . Parent Bessy Garcia , the mother of two children who were among Berndt 's alleged victims , spoke of betrayal . "  He was n't only a teacher , he was our personal friend , " she told CNN earlier this month . "  He tricked us . We thought he was the best person in the world . " Los Angeles School Superintendent John Deasy said that Berndt was removed from his teaching job in January 2011 , after school officials learned of the police investigation . A teacher for 30 years , Berndt initially challenged the school district 's decision to dismiss him . But he eventually dropped his appeal and resigned last spring . His arrest this January precipitated a broader fallout , into the adequacy of safeguards for the school 's students and the prospect of more victims . Days after Berndt was taken into custody , another Miramonte Elementary teacher -- Martin Springer , 49 -- was arrested and charged with three felony counts of lewd acts with a girl under the age of 14 . He has pleaded not guilty . The school board subsequently shut Miramonte down for two days , during which the board reconstituted the entire staff in the 1,400-student school . Miramonte is located in unincorporated Los Angeles County within the Florence-Firestone area , about 6 miles south of downtown Los Angeles . CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .	Defense attorney asks no rush to judgment Mark Berndt , 61 , appears in court unshaven and silent He lost his job in January 2011 , then was arrested one year later Police say his DNA matches semen found on spoons in his classroom
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Jim Riches , who lost his son Jimmy -- a New York firefighter -- on September 11 , 2001 , seems cautiously optimistic that the men again charged in the deadly attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people will finally go to trial . "  Eleven years later and the families are still awaiting justice , " he told CNN . "  Hopefully , the trial will move forward . Let the world see what these men are like . " Riches is among the victims ' relatives notified that terrorism charges were refiled Wednesday against accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Ramzi Bin al-Shibh and three others . If convicted , the men could face the death penalty . They were first charged in 2008 , but their cases were suspended when the Obama administration attempted to move the case to federal court in New York , only to run into a political firestorm . In 2009 , Riches made a trip to the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where the defendants are being held , in an effort to watch and hear them speak before a military commission . "  I am the mastermind of 9/11 , not Osama bin Laden , " Mohammed told the presiding judge . "  We do n't care about capital punishment or a life sentence . We are doing jihad for the cause of God . " Riches said Mohammed seemed proud . Riches said he would like to attend a new trial , but is n't sure whether his name will be chosen since other families who have n't been to the naval base will be asked to attend . "  Some families might not want to go . Seeing these evil men is n't easy , " he said . "  It 's very hard to listen to them . " But he said that while he 's skeptical , he 's also hopeful that this time a trial will take place . President Barack Obama , who has yet to make good on a pledge to close the detention camp , earned congressional scorn after vowing to move high-level detainees to stand trial in civilian courts . The move was followed by an outcry fueled mainly by conservatives who claimed that it would be an unnecessary security risk to move terror suspects from the island facility . The Obama administration countered that federal prosecutions had a record of success , including convictions and life sentences for so-called shoe bomber Richard Reid , confessed al Qaeda operative Zacarias Moussaoui and blind Egyptian cleric Omar Abdel Rahman , who is serving a life sentence for inspiring the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and for a thwarted plot to attack other New York locations . "  Politics had a lot to do with this , " Riches said . "  The victims of 9/11 are being victimized all over again because of this . And now , we 're back to where we were four years ago . Politicians should be ashamed of themselves . " He says families have waited too long to see the 9/11 alleged conspirators stand trial . "  For me , I ca n't wait for the day justice is served on them , " he added . "  I want the world to see it . " Riches said the government has already asked him whether he 'd be willing to face Mohammed and his co-defendants in court and make a victim impact statement . "  Of course , " he said . But , "  It does n't change anything because  his son  wo n't come walking back into the room . "	Jim Riches lost his son Jimmy -- a New York firefighter -- on September 11 , 2001 Riches is among the victims ' relatives notified that terrorism charges were refiled Charged are accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others If convicted , the men could face the death penalty
CNN  -- One of the most sensational and infamous murder cases in modern U.S. history returned to a courtroom Monday as former Green Beret doctor Jeffrey MacDonald sought a new trial in the killing of his family . MacDonald was back in court in Wilmington , North Carolina , as his lawyers argued new evidence should be heard by a jury . "  We feel like evidence is coming in the way we want it to . So we are very pleased at this point , " MacDonald lawyer Gordon Widenhouse told CNN affilliate News 14 Carolina . MacDonald is serving a life sentence in the 1970 slayings of his wife and two young daughters in their Fort Bragg home . The 68-year-old has long maintained that they were beaten and stabbed to death by a group of hippies who broke into their homes , chanting "  kill the pigs " and "  acid 's groovy . " MacDonald and his lawyers contend that DNA tests show that hair samples found underneath the fingernail of one of the victims did not come from a member of the MacDonald family and presumably were from one of the killers . The defense will also try to prove that the prosecutor in the criminal trial threatened Helena Stoeckley , a witness who had earlier confessed to being in the MacDonald home the night of the murders . MacDonald told investigators that he was at home , sleeping on a couch , when he heard screaming . He awoke to find three men and one woman , whom he described as having blond hair and wearing a floppy hat . He was found with two stab wounds and a collapsed lung . While an Army inquiry into the murders recommended that MacDonald not be court-martialed , a civilian federal jury found him guilty in 1979 . He has been behind bars since 1982 . But in 2011 , a federal appeals court ruled that MacDonald was entitled to an evidentiary hearing . During MacDonald 's trial , Stoeckley said she was not present and had no involvement in the killings . The defense insists the prosecutor , James Blackburn , pressured Stoeckley to alter her testimony . Stoeckley , who had a long history of drug and alcohol abuse , died in 1983 . Blackburn would not comment on the charge , citing Monday 's hearing . "  I was the prosecutor in the case , and I did that job to the best of my ability , " Blackburn told CNN . "  I did it in great reliance of the evidence the government had , and we presented an honorable case and it was straightforward and it was based on good and competent evidence . And I agree with the jury 's verdict . " The MacDonald saga has captivated the public 's attention for decades . It also became the focus of the controversial and popular book "  Fatal Vision " by Joe McGinniss . On television , millions watched a miniseries about the case and a memorable "  60 Minutes " interview with MacDonald . This month , Academy Award-winning documentary filmmaker Errol Morris spoke to CNN about "  A Wilderness of Error : The Trials of Jeffrey MacDonald , " his new book on the subject . "  We 've been sold a bill of goods about this case , " Morris said . "  It 's as phony as a three-dollar bill . " "  There are many things about this case that rub me the wrong way , but principal among them was how the jury was asked to make decisions about his guilt or innocence with incomplete evidence ; evidence that was withheld , corrupted and suppressed . " Author seeks to prove MacDonald is innocent	NEW : "  We are very pleased at this point , " MacDonald lawyer says after first day Jeffrey MacDonald was convicted of killing his wife and two daughters in the 1970s MacDonald blames a group of hippies for the murders Court ruled last year that he was entitled to an evidentiary hearing ; attorneys cite new DNA tests
CNN  -- Cliché trailers and unimpressed movie reviews aside , "  The Bounty Hunter " was still expected to perform decently at the box office last weekend , some guessing a gross in the neighborhood of $ 25 million . In reality , the predictions were n't far off -- the actual box office gross came in at nearly $ 21 million , which BoxOffice.com editor Phil Contrino described as a solid opening weekend , if a little on the low side . The true surprise , Contrino said , was Twentieth Century Fox 's "  Diary of a Wimpy Kid " coming out of nowhere and edging past it with an opening weekend gross of $ 22 million . "  It 's a situation where there 's a movie with no stars aimed at a very specific age group -- teenage boys -- and it beat a movie with two stars , " he said . Yet , Contrino added , Aniston has never been really reliable to open a movie on her own , and she was the bigger star in "  Bounty . " Gerard Butler , her co-star , is gaining prominence but does n't have the years of recognition that Aniston has . The actress was nearly inescapable in 2005 as the media tracked her divorce from actor Brad Pitt , but her thriller "  Derailed " and romantic comedy "  Rumor Has It " performed modestly at the box office . Aniston then came back with a hit in 2006 with "  The Break-Up , " co-starring Vince Vaughn , himself riding a wave of popularity from "  Wedding Crashers . " That success -- $ 39 million opening weekend and $ 118 million grossed domestically overall -- was immediately followed by "  Marley & Me , " which grossed $ 36 million its first weekend , and "  He 's Just Not That Into You , " which Aniston starred in along with a number of other A-List actors . Yet 2009 brought the flop "  Love Happens , " which grossed $ 8 million when it opened in little more than 1,500 theaters in 2009 . By all accounts , "  Bounty Hunter , " beaten by a movie about middle school kids or not , is a step in the right direction . Judging from her ups and downs at the box office , she 's been "  far too hit or miss " to be a safe bet at the box office , Contrino said . "  The moral of the story is that you ca n't bank on her . " Yet Aniston 's public perception would lead one to believe otherwise , said film critic Nick Schager . "  In general , there 's a disconnect between Jennifer Aniston 's cultural popularity and her movie star popularity , " Schager said . "  There are certain people -- and you could make the case for Angelina Jolie as well -- given how rampant tabloid culture has become who are much more famous for that stuff than they are for the actual movies or TV shows . " If anything , said US Weekly 's Senior Movie Editor Bradley Jacobs , Aniston 's cultural popularity is the reason "  Bounty Hunter " got the dollars that it did , despite its current 8 percent fresh rating on RottenTomatoes.com . "  Despite terrible reviews , people still wanted to go , " Jacobs said . "  Jennifer is still a movie star . " Aniston is one of the top celebrities that US Weekly covers , Jacobs said , and while her press attention may have something to do with her box office draw , Jacobs does n't think it 's the total sum . "  Jessica Simpson is covered a lot but she does n't have box office power . Cameron Diaz , we cover her a fair amount and her movies have a spottier track , " Jacobs said . "  There 's something about Jennifer -- they love the hair , the body , the clothes and they 've shown that they 're willing to pay money . " Aniston , Schager believes , is indeed capable of carrying a movie . She just has n't shown it yet . "  Aniston has n't proven herself to be a reliable box office draw on her own , but she is a huge star . I think people like Jennifer Aniston , and if there 's a movie that looks appealing , it 'll do well , " Schager said . "  But , she 's been a bit overrated in the public conscious because of the extracurricular stuff , and that does n't necessarily translate to her wanting to see her trade barbs with Gerard Butler . " Which , Schager adds , is really the more pressing point : "  Bounty Hunter " was n't great , and not even the brightest star can mask that . "  I think she 's chosen poorly for the past few years , " said Movieline.com senior editor Kyle Buchanan . "  If you look back before that she had ` Marley and Me ' and ` The Break Up , ' and her indie at that point was ` Friends With Money , ' which was a critical success . " "  Bounty Hunter , " on the other hand , "  seems like a retread of ` The Ugly Truth ' from last year . Audiences did n't really care , " Buchanan said . He added that while "  the amount of hype that we get for Jennifer Aniston is always going to exceed the amount of box office she 's going to bring , " she 's still one of the Top 10 actresses . "  She can command an audience , but she has to be in the right vehicle . " The other industry reality to consider , BoxOffice.com 's Contrino said , is that none of the A-list actors , save for a few , are consistently opening with huge numbers anymore . "  I think there 's a misconception that for a movie to open , it has to have major stars -- nothing could be further from the truth , " Contrino said . "  If you look at 2009 , some of the biggest hits of the year did n't have major names -- with ` The Hangover , ' character actors opened the movie based on the concept . It was the same with ` District 9 ' and ` Paranormal Activity , ' which is the golden standard of this argument . " Buchanan agreed that these days , audiences care more about the content than which actor is headlining . "  In the '80s and '90s , there were a dozen stars you could count on to open a movie , " Buchanan said . "  The days for any actor , male or female , opening a movie based on their name alone are numbered . "	Jennifer Aniston 's "  Bounty Hunter " performed just shy of expectations "  Diary of a Wimpy Kid " took the No. 2 spot without any star power "  Bounty " received poor reviews ; Aniston not proving to be a box office draw yet Audiences seem more interested in a fresh concept with unknowns
CNN  -- Spain midfielder Cesc Fabregas has followed his country 's surprise 2-0 Confederations Cup defeat to the United States by hinting he could be ready to leave English Premier League club Arsenal because of their limited success . Is Cesc Fabregas paving the way for a move away from London-based club Arsenal ? The 22-year-old star told British newspaper The Sun that the loss to the USA was not the prime factor contributing to his depressed mood , instead he focused on his club 's inability to win silverware . "  The absence of titles at Arsenal is what angers me the most . Cristiano Ronaldo said he 's leaving Manchester United because he had nothing else to win . For me right now it is the exact opposite , seeing the impotence , " the playmaker and club captain said . Check out the world 's 20 most wanted players . Fabregas , who joined the north London club in 2003 , has not won a major club trophy since Arsenal beat Manchester United in 2005 to lift the FA Cup . Arsene Wenger 's team have also not been crowned champions of the Premier League since 2004 , a factor that has been increasingly of concern for the diminutive footballer . "  This year we wanted -LSB- the title -RSB- , we were giving everything - but we could n't reach the level that everyone expected of Arsenal . When you win , you 're well . But when you do n't , everyone is in a bad mood . For four years now , we 've needed a title to regain our belief in ourselves , " he added . Fabregas signed an eight-year contract with the Gunners in 2006 , a deal that should see him stay at the club until 2014 , however , it seems he is already considering other destinations to ply his trade . "  My seventh season is about to start . It 's a lot when you 're just 22 . When you stop to think , you see that time flies . In football , you have to learn fast and take the best decisions for yourself and try to be happy . "  If one day I 'm not happy , I am the first who will tell the manager . I admire Arsene Wenger but each of us has his own life and looks after his own interests . " The midfielder - who helped his national side win the European title in 2008 as well as guiding Arsenal to the semifinals of the Champions League in 2009 - hinted that the ambition shown by Real Madrid has attracted his attention despite descending from a family of Barcelona supporters . "  Of course my family would understand if I signed for Real Madrid because they love me , they want me to be happy and what is best for me . They 'd support me - whichever club I joined . My family will always be there for me - whatever decision I make . They 're the ones who are always by my side . " Since the re-election of president Florentino Perez , Real Madrid have embarked on a period of extravagant spending , buying Brazil 's Kaka for $ 92 millions dollars from AC Milan and agreeing a $ 130 million transfer fee with Manchester United for World Player of the Year Ronaldo . Rumors have circulated that Fabregas could be a target for Los Merengues and the man himself speculated it would be a difficult choice to make if both Barcelona and Real were to bid for him . "  At the moment it 's not happened so I do n't have to choose . For any player it gives great pride that those two clubs come to sign him . It would be a difficult choice , " he added . Arsenal kick off the forthcoming season in England with an away visit to Everton on August 15 .	Cesc Fabregas has lamented Arsenal 's "  impotence " over recent years The midfielder signed an eight-year contract with the Gunners in 2006 "  Family would support a move to Real " player tells The Sun newspaper Arsenal have not won the English Premier League title since 2004
Even after the identification of the Boston bombing suspects through grainy security-camera images , officials say that blanketing a city in surveillance cameras can create as many problems as it solves . A network of cameras on city streets and other public spaces increases the chances of capturing a criminal on video but can generate an overwhelming amount of evidence to sift through . The cameras make some people feel more secure , knowing that bad guys are being watched . But privacy advocates and other citizens are uneasy with the idea that Big Brother is monitoring their every public move . Meanwhile , facial-recognition software and other technologies are making security-camera images more valuable to law enforcement . Now , software can automatically mine surveillance footage for information , such as a specific person 's face , and create a giant searchable database . After last week 's bombings at the Boston Marathon , authorities had to sift through a mountain of footage from government surveillance cameras , private security cameras and imagery shot by bystanders on smartphones . It took the FBI only three days to release blurry shots of the two suspects , taken by a department store 's cameras . Compare their quick turnaround with the 2005 London bombings , when it took thousands of investigators weeks to parse the city 's CCTV  closed-circuit television  footage after the attacks . The cameras , software and algorithms have come a long way in eight years . Cities under surveillance In major cities , in the age of terrorism , someone is almost always watching . The cameras used in London are part of the city 's extensive and sophisticated "  Ring of Steel " surveillance system that combines nearly a half million cameras , roadblocks and license plate readers to monitor the heart of the city . Set up in 1998 , the system is one of the most advanced in the world and allows authorities to track anyone going into or out of central London . Many residents question the effectiveness of London 's system , however . In 2008 , only one crime was solved for every 1,000 cameras , according to the city 's police . CCTV cameras across Britain also cost authorities nearly $ 800 million over the past four years , according to civil liberties group Big Brother Watch . Modeled after London 's system , New York 's Lower Manhattan Security Initiative monitors 4,000 security cameras and license plate readers south of Canal Street . The project uses feeds from both private and public security cameras , which are are all monitored 24 hours a day by the NYPD . Using face and object-detection technology , the police can track cars and people moving through 1.7 square miles in lower Manhattan and even detect unattended packages . The $ 150 million initiative also includes a number of radiation detectors and automatic roadblocks that can can be used to stop traffic in an emergency . Boston 's camera network is smaller than those in London and New York , though that is likely to change soon . In 2007 , Boston law enforcement had an estimated 55 CCTV cameras set up around the city . Since then , the city has expanded its surveillance system , though authorities there are not commenting on the exact scope of the current camera setup . Boston 's example has shown the power of these systems to help solve crimes , causing many to call for even more cameras . But it 's still not clear whether they are effective at preventing crimes . According to the Surveillance Studies Centre at Queen 's University in Ontario , urban surveillance systems have not been proven to have any effect on deterring criminals . Facial recognition As the volume and quality of cameras and sensors are ramped up , cities are turning to more advanced face - and object-recognition software to makes sense of the data . "  We describe what 's in the video , and we store that in a database , " said Al Shipp , CEO of San Francisco-based 3VR , one of several companies that makes this type of facial-recognition technology . The company 's first investor was In-Q-Tel , the CIA 's venture-capital arm , which finds and funds promising security-related technology . Now , 3VR works with federal and local law enforcement agencies , as well as private companies and banks . Its software can identify objects by shape , size and color . It can read license plates and recognize cars . When it comes to people , it can detect their gender , approximate age , mood and other demographic information . Using multiple cameras , it can track their patterns and some behaviors . It automatically zooms in on any person 's face and identifies them based on things like the distance between their eyes or the shape of their nose . All that information is stored in a database . Big clues that would take a traditional investigator untold hours of watching video to uncover can be found with a 15-second search query . Opinion : Surveillance state no answer to terror For example , they could do a search for anyone who entered a 7-Eleven store between 8 and 11 p.m. on a specific night , pull up the times that certain cars have entered and left a parking lot , or ask for images of every person who has entered a certain building over the past year . "  It instantaneously gives you a picture of everybody who has walked in the door in the past based on the geometries of their face , " Shipp said . Privacy concerns Civil-liberties activists are concerned about how this technology could be abused . With cameras in far-flung cities all connecting to the same database , a person 's movements can be tracked across states or continents . For example , it could be used to single out a person attending multiple political protests . "  We like to think we have some privacy in our lives , that we can go places that we do n't necessarily want the government to know about , " said said Jennifer Lynch , an attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , an Internet civil-liberties group . "  What concerns me is if all of those cameras get linked together at some point , and if we apply facial recognition on the back end , we 'll be able to track people wherever they go . " For now , many of the biometrics databases in the United States are still separated . Some are scattered across various federal and local government agencies , and connecting them will take time and big budgets . The FBI is in the process of building out its own facial-recognition database and is working with state DMVs to access their photos . It 's less likely the government will be able to tap into private databases anytime soon , but it 's still a cause for concern down the line , privacy advocates say . Facebook has the largest facial-recognition database in the world , a potentially rich vein of data for any government agency . Another worry is the misidentification of suspects . Shipp acknowledges that these systems can make mistakes but says the computers are n't there to take over for humans but to assist investigators by weeding out useless information . "  The cameras themselves are not a panacea . They 're not going to solve the problem . It 's one of the steps , " he said . But at least one prominent tech blogger thinks the benefits of surveillance cameras outweigh our fears about privacy . "  The idea of submitting to constant monitoring feels wrong , nearly un-American , to most of us . Cameras in the sky are the ultimate manifestation of Big Brother -- way for the government to watch you all the time , everywhere , " Farhad Manjoo wrote last week in Slate . But Manjoo thinks we need to be thinking about ways to make cameras work for us , not reasons to abolish them . "  When you weigh cameras against other security measures , they emerge as the least costly and most effective choice . In the aftermath of 9/11 , we 've turned most public spaces into fortresses -- now , it 's impossible for you to get into tall buildings , airports , many museums , concerts , and even public celebrations without being subjected to pat-downs and metal detectors . When combined with competent law enforcement , surveillance cameras are more effective , less intrusive , less psychologically draining , and much more pleasant than these alternatives . "	New technology makes it easier to identify suspects in surveillance photos and video The Boston bombing suspects were identified on security-camera footage Cities such as New York and London now have thousands of cameras on the streets Facial-recognition software can detect age , gender and even moods
CNN  "  Are you scared when you have to go back to the mountain at night ? " It 's a not a question guides at a museum would usually be asked , but it 's happened to those at the outdoor Ainu Museum and cultural village in Hokkaido , Japan 's northernmost and second-largest island . The museum is dedicated to the culture of the Ainu people , an ethnic group that not many -- even in Japan itself -- know much about . For weary guides at the museum , who live close to the museum in Shiraoi , an hour 's drive from the city of Sapporo  but not in primitive huts on the hillside  , being able to tell visitors about their unique heritage and language is worth the occasional muddleheaded question . Brutal hunting methods The Ainu people are the indigenous inhabitants of Hokkaido . They 're also present on Sakhalin , the island off the east coast of Russia , as well as northern Honshu , Japan 's biggest island . Meeting a modern day Ainu is n't common . Estimates put the population of Ainu at around 24,000 , and finding any who can speak the critically endangered language fluently is harder still : the Endangered Language Project puts the number of native speakers at just 10 . Located outside the small town of Shiraoi  itself an Ainu word meaning "  place with many horseflies "  , the museum is a re-creation of an Ainu village on the shores of Lake Poroto . Visitors are immediately greeted by a 30-foot wooden statue of a bearded Ainu chief . From this stoic totem they can stroll among a series of thatched houses and botanical gardens , getting a glimpse of Ainu traditions stretching back about 1,000 years . Museum staff with Ainu heritage host regular displays of traditional mouth harp  known as a "  mukkur "  playing , singing and dancing . They also explain the ways simple homes were decorated and colorful clothing was made from the natural materials of the areas , from bark to animal hide  including some natty salmon-skin boots  . The Ainu of centuries ago had an oral tradition . Animistic beliefs and worship of fire dominated daily life and Ainu culture . Numerous rituals were enacted before younger Ainu were allowed to take on the rugged landscape of Hokkaido on hunts or fishing trips . The area 's major fauna , like bears and wolves were revered , yet hunting was the norm  some visitors may be put off by the caged brown bears kept on the site that can be fed biscuits for 100 yen , or less than a dollar  and deer could be hunted . Using techniques that might seem brutal by today 's attitudes to animal rights , herds would be chased off a cliff before being clubbed to death . Harsh life for Ainu If survival in Hokkaido was harsh centuries ago , life for modern day Ainu in Japan has not been easy either . The Japanese government did not formally recognize the Ainu as indigenous to Japan , with a distinct language and culture , until 2008 , while the westernization of Japan in the Meiji era from 1868 to 1912 lead to greater integration with mainstream Japanese culture . "  Ainu are in difficult economic and social position , " says Shunwa Honda , a former professor of the Open University of Japan and a scholar of indigenous ethnic groups . "  Twice the number of Ainu are on social welfare compared to the majority Japanese population . Education levels are much lower and they have economic restraints . " While the museum and recreated village presents a vivid reconstruction of Ainu life , Honda thinks that more typical museums can do better to link tradition and heritage to the modern day Ainu life . "  Many Ainu are also reluctant to say they are Ainu . It 's a problem of discrimination that lies under the surface , " says Honda . New moves to raise awareness However there are signs that the Japanese government may be making an effort to understand the challenges faced by the country 's minority groups . In August last year it was reported that first nationwide survey of discrimination against Ainu people would take place in 2015 . Educating the public is part of the mission of the museum and plans are in place for a new , more modern Ainu cultural center on the other shore of Lake Poroto in time for the Tokyo Olympic Games in 2020 . According to Honda debate continues over the emphasis of the new center . "  Should it continue to highlight the Ainu culture in a historical context and be in danger of appearing irrelevant or should it do what the Smithsonian has done for Native Americans and show the situation for Ainu today ? " he asks . For now visitors to Shiraoi 's Ainu Museum can get a glimpse into the rugged life lived by the area 's indigenous inhabitants while modern Japan tries to find a comfortable place for their cultural legacy . Ainu Museum , 2-3-4 , Shiraoi-cho , Shiraoi-gun , Hokkaido , Japan ; +81 144 82 3914 ; daily 8:45 a.m.-5 p.m.  closed December 29-January 5  ; tickets JPY800  $ 7  per adult	Ainu Museum is a re-creation of an outdoor village of Japan 's indigenous people There are about 25,000 Ainu people but only about 10 Ainu speakers They lead a relatively hard life compared to other Japanese people today
CNN  -- Kim Clijsters continued her successful return to tennis by demolishing American third seed Venus Williams in the final of the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami on Saturday . The Belgian , a former world No. 1 but seeded 14th for this event following her two-year absence from the women 's circuit , will move up to 10th in the rankings next week following her one-sided 6-2 6-1 triumph at Key Biscayne . Williams had been hoping for a fourth title at the event , having won her last two tournaments , but was well below par as Clijsters added to her 2005 victory in Miami in just 58 minutes . The 26-year-old claimed her third title since making her comeback last year after giving birth to baby daughter Jada , who was watching her mum from the stands again on Saturday . The 2009 U.S. Open champion notched up her 37th triumph in WTA Tour events , 28 of those now on hardcourt surfaces . She passed $ 17 million in career earnings after taking home the $ 700,000 first prize -- which is almost $ 100,000 more than the winner of Sunday 's men 's final between Andy Roddick and Tomas Berdych will receive . Clijsters , who defeated fellow comeback queen Justine Henin in an epic semifinal on Friday , broke Williams to love to seal the title . "  It took a lot of hard work to get back into shape and I have a few people to thank , including my fitness coach and husband , " Clijsters said on-court after the match . "  It feels really good to be back here , having won the title in 2005 . It 's always nice to come back to a place you have done well before , and to such a beautiful stadium . " Williams , cheered on by injured younger sister and current No. 1 Serena , made 29 unforced errors to Clijsters ' 12 as she struggled to continue her recent good run of form . "  Sometimes when you hit a few bad shots it 's not as easy to reel it in , and things start to go a little bit quicker , " said Williams , who will rise to fourth in the rankings . "  Obviously against a player like Kim , if you make too many errors , the match can go quickly . I mean , I think she hit eight winners , so it was n't that she played extremely solid -- it 's not like I was blown off the court . Unfortunately I was my own worst enemy today . "	Kim Clijsters demolishes Venus Williams in final of Sony Ericsson Open in Miami Belgian beats American third seed 6-2 6-1 in only 58 minutes for 37th career title It was the 26-year-old 's third triumph since returning last year after having a baby Williams had been seeking fourth Miami title but suffered first loss in three tournaments
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The founder of one of America 's largest pizza chains has offered unexpected advice to his customers to limit themselves to only one or two slices . Pizza is not normally known for its health benefits ; thick , cheesy toppings push up the calorie count . During an interview on BBC 's Radio Four program in the United Kingdom , John Schnatter , said , "  you ca n't eat five or six slices . " He was responding to a question from presenter Adam Shaw about whether he was concerned about the impact of the British government 's anti-obesity drive on pizza sales . "  No . Pizza 's actually healthy for you if you do n't eat too much of it , " Schnatter replied , adding , "  You ca n't eat five or six slices but if you eat one or two slices it 's very nutritious . " The pizza chain boss had just finished telling BBC listeners that the UK market was a "  huge priority for Papa John 's International . " The company has 118 outlets in the United Kingdom , its second biggest market outside the U.S. after China . Sales in the UK jumped 60 % on Monday alone after heavy snowfalls were estimated to have encouraged around one in five workers to stay at home . Schnatter is in the United Kingdom for the annual franchisee conference , a marketing tool to encourage more small business owners to buy into the Papa John 's brand . While it 's impossible to know whether his comments have dissuaded anyone from investing in the company , BBC presenter Shaw suggested shareholders might take issue with his suggestion . "  I 'm not sure your investors would want to hear you tell people do n't eat too much of our pizzas , " he laughed before thanking Schnatter for his time . Schnatter opened his first shop in 1985 , after selling his beloved Camaro to buy his first pizza oven . There are now more than 3000 restaurants worldwide .	Pizza chain founder advises customers not to eat more than one or two slices John Schnatter made his comments on a popular radio program in the UK Papa John 's is the third biggest pizza chain in the United States
CNN  -- David Villa was top goalscorer at Euro 2008 as Spain secured a first major championship in 44 years , but the world champions ' all-time leading marksman will not be part of next month 's title defense in Poland and Ukraine . Villa , who has scored 51 international goals , has been out of action since December , when he fractured a bone in his left leg while playing for Barcelona at the FIFA Club World Cup . The Spanish Football Federation 's website has confirmed that the 30-year-old will not be fit enough to be part of coach Vicente del Bosque 's 23-man squad , which will be named on Sunday . Who are European football 's ` Most Valuable Players ? ' "  Villa spoke with the national team coach after the team arrived  for a training camp  in Schruns , Austria , " it reported . "  After not getting in the final practice and development desired , David Villa spoke with Del Bosque , who relayed that although it was Villa 's wish to be with the team in Poland and Ukraine , that his physical state was ` not as good ' as would be desirable . " It is the second setback for Del Bosque , who will also be without injured key defender Carles Puyol for the June 8-July 1 tournament . Villa , who scored five goals as Spain won the 2010 World Cup , expressed his gratitude to fans for their continued backing . "  Thanks to all of you for your support , " the former Valencia striker wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter . "  I will continue working to return to play as soon as possible with Barca and the Spanish national team . " Villa 's absence was felt by Barca , who missed out on the Spanish league title for the first time in four years and finished second -- nine points behind archrivals Real Madrid . With Villa unavailable , the door is now open for Fernando Torres to stake a claim for a return to the starting lineup . The Chelsea striker , who scored the only goal as Spain beat Germany 1-0 in the Euro 2008 final , has been called into the squad for Saturday 's friendly against Serbia . Fernando Llorente , the Athletic Bilbao forward who starred during the Basque club 's run to the Europa League final , is also hoping to lead Spain 's frontline . Four Four Two magazine 's Tim Stannard explained how the absence of Villa , captain Carles Puyol and the loss of form of several key players could mean Joachim Low 's Germany are now favorites for the tournament . "  Germany moved into the favorites position , although they do have a very tough group to get through , " said Stannard . "  It 's not just that Puyol is out . Gerard Pique is very much out of form , there are doubts about who is going to play at full back . Iniesta and Pedro are n't in very good form and neither is Fernando Torres . " Stannard tipped Llorente to fill Villa 's boots , although he will first have to emerge unscathed from Bilbao 's Copa del Rey final against Barcelona on Friday . "  The Copa del Rey final is another huge blitz to Del Bosque at the end of a badly organized campaign so far for Spain , " he said . Drawn in Group C , Spain will first face 2006 World Cup winners Italy in Gdansk on June 10 before playing Croatia and the Republic of Ireland .	David Villa is ruled out of Spain 's Euro 2012 campaign with a fractured leg Barcelona striker has been sidelined since December 's Club World Cup The 30-year-old is Spain 's all-time leading scorer , with 51 international goals Fernando Llorente or Fernando Torres could lead Spain 's attack in his place
U.S. Sen. John McCain says this summer 's ouster of former Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy was "  a coup , " a description that goes against the statements so far from the Obama administration . The White House has avoided using that term for the Egyptian military 's ouster of Morsy . "  We have said we share the democratic aspirations and criticism of the Morsy government that led millions of Egyptians into the streets ... . We 've also said that the circumstances of  Morsy 's  removal was a coup , " McCain told reporters in Cairo on Tuesday . McCain also referred to the ouster as a "  coup " in July , but he chose to reiterate that description on Egyptian soil at a time when the country is roiling with unrest and violence in the ouster 's aftermath . He and Sen. Lindsey Graham , both Republicans , met with officials there to press for a quick return to civilian life . The senators were visiting the country for the first time since its president was removed from office . McCain said they were not in Egypt to dwell on the past but to help the country move forward in a peaceful , democratic manner . He and Graham also urged the government 's release of political prisoners . Graham said violence will destroy a future for Egypt , but he expressed optimism . U.S. aid to the country is one of the best investments in the world , he added . "  We 're here to help find an Egyptian solution to an Egyptian problem , " Graham said . For the past 35 days and counting , the country has been strafed with violence during protests by Muslim Brotherhood supporters against Egypt 's military-backed interim government . McCain and Graham are expected to meet with government officials Tuesday . They 'll also meet separately with the Muslim Brotherhood another time . The conflict erupted when Egypt 's top general overthrew Morsy , who became Egypt 's first democratically elected president in June 2012 , after popular protests forced the resignation of Hosni Mubarak , who had ruled the country for 30 years . But a year into Morsy 's term , many Egyptians wanted him out , too . That 's when the military stepped in , naming an interim president and cabinet , who are laying the groundwork for a transition to a new , democratically elected government . But the Muslim Brotherhood and its supporters want none of it , taking to the streets and demanding that Morsy be reinstated . Clashes between the two sides have left more than 200 dead . Human rights groups have accused the military of using excessive force . Egyptian minister meets with U.S. , EU diplomats about violence No coup here The stalemate puts Washington in a difficult spot . While widely labeled a coup , the Obama administration has refused to refer to Morsy 's ouster as such . If the United States formally calls the move a coup , it would have to cut off $ 1.3 billion in aid . And that "  would limit our ability to have the kind of relationship we think we need with the Egyptian armed forces , " Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has said . The United States helps Egypt because it 's one of only two Arab countries -- along with Jordan -- that have made peace with Israel . If Washington pulls its aid , it could affect prospects for peace in the Middle East . Egypt explained : 6 key questions In the past 30 years , only Israel has received more U.S. aid than Egypt . The American senators , who are making the trip at the request of U.S. President Barack Obama , will press for an end to the political stalemate . "  The Egyptian military must move more aggressively toward turning over control to the civilian population , civilian organizations , " Graham , of South Carolina , said when asked about the purpose of the trip on CNN 's State of the Union on Sunday . "  The military ca n't keep running the country . We need democratic elections . The  Muslim  Brotherhood needs to get off the streets and back into the political arena and fight your differences there , and we need to put Egypt back to work . If this continues , it 's going to be a failed state . That 's why we 're going . " Embassies close in face of intercepted message	Sen. Graham wants "  an Egyptian solution to an Egyptian problem " "  The circumstances of  Morsy 's  removal was a coup , " McCain says Sens. McCain and Graham are traveling at the request of President Obama A longtime ally of the U.S. , Egypt gets $ 1.3 billion in military aid a year
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- A manual recount of votes is n't possible in Venezuela , the head of the country 's Supreme Court said Wednesday , suggesting there is no legal basis for the opposition 's push for a ballot-by-ballot audit of the narrow presidential election results . In nationally televised remarks , Venezuelan Chief Justice Luisa Estella Morales said Venezuela 's 1999 constitution eliminated manual recounts in favor of a "  system audit . " "  In Venezuela the electoral system is completely automated . Therefore , a manual count does not exist . Anyone who thought that could really happen has been deceived , " she said . "  The majority of those who are asking for a manual count know it and are clear about it . Elections are not audited ballot by ballot but through the system . " Her comments came a day after the sounds of clanking pots and pans and bursting fireworks rang out in Caracas as tensions mounted over Venezuela 's tight election results . It was a clear sign that days after Sunday 's presidential vote , fierce political battles are far from over in the deeply divided country . Supporters of opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski banged pots and pans to protest the government 's refusal to recount the votes , while supporters of President-elect Nicolas Maduro set off fireworks to celebrate his victory and drown out the noise . Maduro , the late President Hugo Chavez 's handpicked successor , is scheduled to be sworn in on Friday . Election authorities proclaimed him president-elect on Monday despite Capriles ' demand for a recount . Venezuela 's state-run AVN news agency said at least eight people had been killed in post-election violence across the country . AVN also reported that authorities had arrested 135 people in connection with political violence . The government news agency tied the deaths to opposition protests and said the victims were all followers of Maduro . Government health clinics , food distribution centers , a bank and a preschool program were the targets of violence , officials said . CNN could not independently confirm the government reports of violence , and it was unknown whether there were any opposition injuries or fatalities . Maduro secured 50.8 % of votes in Sunday 's election , while opposition candidate Capriles won 49 % , Venezuela 's National Electoral Council said . Since the tally was announced , both Capriles and Maduro have publicly urged supporters to remain peaceful while also accusing each other of inciting violence . The issue of post-election clashes swiftly has become a flashpoint for a new round of political sparring , as Capriles repeated his calls for a recount and Maduro vowed to use an iron fist to crack down on any attempts to unseat him from the presidency . Analysis : Why Venezuela is so divided ? Capriles ' repeated demands for a recount have left key questions about Venezuela 's future unanswered : Will Maduro 's supporters stick behind him ? Will tension in the deeply divided country boil over after the tight race ? And will world leaders recognize the results ? U.S Secretary of State John Kerry said Wednesday that he could not say if he would recognize Maduro as the president-elect or not . "  We think there ought to be a recount . ... Obviously if there are huge irregularities we 're going to have serious questions about the viability of that government , " Kerry said during a hearing of the U.S. House Foreign Affairs Committee . His comments drew a stern response from Maduro , who said Wednesday in national broadcast remarks Wednesday that he "  does not care " whether the United States recognizes his election victory . "  Do n't recognize anything . Your recognition does not matter to us , " Maduro said . "  We have decided to be free and we are going to be free and independent , with you or without you . Your opinion is not important to us . " CNN 's Paula Newton reported from Caracas . CNN 's Rafael Romo and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Esprit Smith , Pierre Mielhan and Jose Armijo contributed to this report .	NEW : Maduro says he does n't care if the United States recognizes his presidency Chief justice says the constitution does not allow for manual recounts Protesters bang pots and pans in a continued push for a recount 8 people have died in post-election protests , state news agency reports
CNN  Last month Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women 's Day against sexual harassment in China . Since then , the Chinese authorities have formally detained her and four other activists for "  creating disturbances . " They also briefly detained some of the activists ' supporters , raided a prominent nongovernmental organization that called for their release , and have at points denied some of the women access to medical treatment , lawyers and adequate rest . The fate of the five will be revealed by April 13 , as their case reaches the legal time limit when they must either be released or "  formally arrested , " which almost always leads to conviction in China 's legal system . The timing of the detentions of China 's most inventive women 's rights activists is ironic : Not only did they take place on the very day that marks women 's achievements and their struggle for equality , but they also come in a year in which Beijing would have won praise for its role in promoting women 's rights . It appears poised to adopt its first and long-awaited anti-domestic violence law , which is expected to get a reading before the National People 's Congress Standing Committee this summer . This year also marks the 20th anniversary of the influential Fourth World Conference on Women hosted in Beijing , during which Hillary Clinton famously declared that "  women 's rights are human rights . " I first met Wu at a conference several years ago , at a time when there were very few women in China 's weiquan or "  rights defense " movement . It was common back then for male colleagues to publicly address them as "  babes " or "  little sisters , " even in professional -- and ostensibly progressive -- settings . As women 's rights activists , Wu and others fight on two fronts : against overt rights violations by the Chinese government and against the wider gender norms that relegate women to second-class citizens . By the time we met again two years later , Wu and her young "  direct-action " feminist colleagues were clearly off and running . They staged small , public "  performance art " protests that attracted media headlines , energized the more mainstream and academically inclined women 's rights movement , and pushed women 's rights into the national consciousness and onto the government 's agenda . Wu had an upbringing typical of her times . She comes from the countryside , which for many has changed beyond recognition within their lifetimes . In recent decades the economy has soared , but her generation is confronting the unhappy consequences of unchecked growth : pollution , unsafe foods and growing inequality between rich and poor . Like many parents , she worries about how to find untainted milk powder for her infant boy , and whether to keep her child with her in the city or to send him to his grandparents in the countryside for a quieter , safer upbringing . Many in Wu and her colleagues ' generation are clear-eyed about the problems of China 's development model , and some want to address those . Wu joined Yirenping , a nonprofit organization that promotes social equality , whether it is between sexes or among people with and without disabilities , and later founded the women 's rights organization Hangzhou Women Center . And it is in Yirenping that she became particularly attuned to the challenges confronting young women in modern China . Wu and her colleagues have used innovative tactics with a certain shock factor -- "  occupying " public toilets to show the need for more such conveniences for women , donning blood-spattered wedding gowns to protest domestic violence , shaving their heads to protest against barriers to higher education for women -- that raises awareness of gender inequality in ways that resonate , especially with young women in the country . Perhaps this is what the government finds threatening : that these activists epitomize the spirit of the times . They are young , confident , ready to challenge established norms , and most importantly , they feel responsible for their society and they want to improve it . As China prepares to mark the anniversary of the Fourth World Conference on Women in September , it will be harder for the authorities to justify detaining these activists . But even if they are released , their work promoting women 's rights will have become exponentially more difficult . The women will now be labeled "  sensitive " individuals at a time when the authorities are increasingly paranoid about independent groups , their role in fostering nonviolent protests and the overthrow of oppressive governments  known as "  color revolutions "  , and foreign funding of civil society organizations . What Wu and her colleagues are now enduring is consistent with a broader government effort to strangle independent activism . Authorities have harassed and detained an ever expanding list of activists , and imprisoned others , but they have also tried to co-opt some groups by allowing them to provide services the government finds acceptable , so long as they abandon their activism . This kind of "  differentiated management " of nongovernmental organizations -- punishing some but co-opting others -- may work to neutralize some of the more outspoken groups . But ultimately the desires for change among ordinary people that make Wu and her friends ' campaigns so popular are unlikely to be answered through "  authoritarian activism " alone . The Chinese Communist Party now faces a dizzying array of challenges , not least that younger generations do not identify with the party or its values like past generations . Rather than lengthening its list of challenges , the party could resolve some and lessen concerns about its legitimacy by freeing and engaging activists like Wu and her colleagues , rather than treating them as criminals .	Maya Wang : 5 women held by China authorities after planning International Women 's Day protests on sex harassment remain detained She says in a year when country poised to adopt anti-domestic violence law , Beijing also sending chilling message on women 's activism
CNN  -- I started playing sports at a young age and gravitated toward wheelchair basketball and track . In college , I decided to focus primarily on track and pursue my dream of going to the Paralympics . With the support of a great coach and team , I was selected as a member of Team USA and competed in track at the Paralympic Games in London in 2012 . On Saturday , April 6 , I embarked on the most challenging journey of my life . I left Los Angeles , heading toward New York City in my racing wheelchair -- a 71-day journey of 3,300 miles . While I did n't know what to expect or how my body would react to the demands of "  pushing " the equivalent of two to three marathons a day , I knew one thing for sure -- I 'd get it done . I committed to Push Across America as my way of giving back to Stay-Focused , an organization that has significantly impacted my life . Stay-Focused offers a SCUBA certification program for teens and young adults with disabilities . I met Roger Muller , founder of Stay-Focused , in 2005 , and was given the opportunity to learn to SCUBA dive . For me , it was a chance encounter that changed my life . I love to dive and have been diving ever since . We do all our diving in the Cayman Islands , most often in Grand Cayman , which is one of the best diving destinations in the world . I was chosen to be the first Stay-Focused mentor in 2007 , a role that enabled me to assist first-time divers , and I am now actively involved in running the organization . Parkinson 's did n't stop his space walk A few years ago , Muller and I were talking about ways to raise funds for Stay-Focused . He asked me if I thought I could push my racing chair across the country . My first thought : "  If it would help Stay-Focused , I 'm in . " And now I have honored that commitment by combining my passion for "  pushing " with my tremendous desire to support Stay-Focused , an organization I will be a part of for many years . In addition to giving back to Stay-Focused , I was motivated to encourage others to take on challenges and give back to individuals and organizations that have made a difference in their lives . I also wanted to build awareness for the potential of all persons with disabilities and disability sports . During my Paralympic experience in London , where 80,000 fans cheered for me and my fellow Paralympians at each and every event , I was impressed with how the fans embraced us as athletes -- athletes first , Paralympians second . In doing the Push Across America , I wanted to help promote disability sports in the United States and encourage people to view athletes with disabilities in the same way they view other athletes -- in other words , no differently . Push Across America was a phenomenal experience . For the most part , the weather was good , and of course , there were mountains to climb . But I was focused and knew why I was doing it and I knew this would be a defining moment in my life . I did it to prove I could and to encourage others to never give up , as well as to support Stay-Focused and to have a good time ! My theme song is "  No Surrender " by Bruce Springsteen . Yep , for me , I made a promise to Muller I swore to remember , and this was it -- "  no retreat , baby , no surrender ! " Scoliosis has n't stopped top female golfer	Paralympian Ryan Chalmers was born with spina bifida Starting in April , he pushed his wheelchair from Los Angeles to New York Chalmers wanted to help promote "  disability sports "
American blues guitarist and singer Johnny Winter died Wednesday in a hotel room in Switzerland , his representative said Thursday . He was 70 . "  His wife , family and bandmates are all saddened by the loss of their loved one and one of the world 's finest guitarists , " his spokeswoman , Lori Haynes , said . Winter was in Zurich , Switzerland , as part of a tour of Europe , although he was scheduled to return to the United States for shows later in July , according to his official Facebook page . Winter first gained national attention when Rolling Stone magazine featured the the Texas music scene in a December 1968 cover story . It captioned his photo : "  Johnny Winter , Albino Bluesman . " The article said guitarist Mike Bloomfield considered the young Winter the "  best white blues guitarist he had ever heard . " Rolling Stone now ranks Winter 63rd on its list of 100 greatest guitarists . Winter 's family moved from Mississippi to Beaumont , Texas , when he was an infant . Johnny and brother Edgar , who was nearly three years younger , both were born with albinism , a melanin production deficiency that left them with little color in their hair , skin and eyes . Winter was just 15 in 1959 when he began playing guitar in Texas clubs . It was also the year he started drinking and smoking . "  It seemed a big year for me , " Winter told an interviewer for the documentary "  Johnny Winter : Down & Dirty . " The film was released this year . Another big year for Winter was 1969 , when he played at the Woodstock festival . "  One week we 're playing clubs for about 20 people and in a matter of a few months we 're playing Woodstock , " bassist Tommy Shannon said in the documentary . Columbia Records won a bidding war for Winter that resulted in a self-titled debut album , followed by a second titled "  Second Winter " in late 1969 . Though none of his several dozen albums earned a Grammy , he shared three for producing blues legend Muddy Waters in the late 1970s . Winter announced this year that he had another album ready for release in September . "  Step Back " will include contributions from guests including Eric Clapton , Joe Perry and Dr. John , according to his official website . His summer tour schedule was filled with shows , including 15 concerts planned across the United States in August . Winter was asked in the documentary if he every dreamed that playing a guitar would take him around the world . "  I was almost always sure it would , " Winter said . "  I was sure I was going to be successful . "  It 's the only thing that I 've really been good at . " Winter opened up about his heroin , prescription pill and alcohol addictions that derailed his career in the 1980s and 1990s in an authorized biography "  Raisin ' Cain - The Wild and Raucous Story of Johnny Winter , " published in 2010 . His resurgence began after he fired a longtime manager in 2005 and hired fellow musician Paul Nelson to guide his career . "  I think that Johnny now is really coming back to being himself , " brother Edgar Winter said in the just-released documentary . People we 've lost in 2014	A new Johnny Winter album with Eric Clapton , Joe Perry is due in September Rolling Stone ranks Johnny Winter at 63 on its list of 100 greatest guitarists Winter was 15 in 1959 when he began playing guitar in Texas clubs Another big year for Winter was 1969 when he played at Woodstock
EW  -- The study group is about to become felt and foam . NBC will air an episode of "  Community " this spring in which Jeff Winger  Joel McHale  and his friends are re-imagined as puppets , it was announced at a PaleyFest panel for the show on Tuesday night . PaleyFest 2013 : ` Community ' cast talks paintball , puppets and graduation In the installment , the gang embark on a balloon ride , crash in the woods and encounter an amiable mountain man  guest star Jason Alexander  . Dean Pelton  Jim Rash  winds up getting the gang to discuss their adventures in the wild and work through their issues through the use of hand puppets ; and in flashbacks , we see larger versions of the puppets . This is n't the first time that the comedy has transformed its cast into another form for the bulk of an episode : Jeff and co. were seen as stop-motion animation creations in season two ′ s "  Abed 's Uncontrollable Christmas , " and as 8-bit video game characters in season three ′ s "  Digital Estate Planning . "  Also , this briefly happened in the season 4 premiere . ` Community ' : James Brolin on playing Jeff Winger 's dad The puppets -- which were previewed at the panel -- are designed and operated by Scott Johnson and Drew Massey , who gave similar treatment to David Boreanaz in an episode of "  Angel . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Community " will air a puppet-themed episode this spring The puppet versions of the cast were previewed at PaleyFest on Tuesday This is n't the first time the cast has been in another form for the bulk of the episode
CNN  -- Dubai could lose its place on the Women 's Tennis Association Tour calendar after Israeli Shahar Peer was denied entry to compete at this week 's event , the WTA supremo warned Monday . Shahar Peer told CNN she learned of her visa ban Saturday , just before her scheduled flight to Dubai . Peer was scheduled to fly into the United Arab Emirates on Sunday , but was informed Saturday night by telephone that she would not be granted a visa . WTA Chairman and CEO Larry Scott said the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour "  will review appropriate future actions with regard to the future of the Dubai tournament . " Scott added : "  The Sony Ericsson WTA Tour believes very strongly , and has a clear rule and policy , that no host country should deny a player the right to compete at a tournament for which she has qualified by ranking . " Peer , who had just finished playing in the Pattaya Open in Thailand , where she reached the semifinal , said she is "  very , very disappointed " to have been denied the opportunity to play in Dubai . "  They really stopped my momentum because now I 'm not going to play for two weeks and because they waited for the last minute I could n't go to another tournament either , " Peer said from Tel Aviv . "  So it 's very disappointing , and I think it 's not fair . " Watch Peer describe her disappointment " Scott , meanwhile , confirmed : "  Following various consultations , the Tour has decided to allow the tournament to continue to be played this week , pending further review by the Tour 's Board of Directors . "  Ms. Peer and her family are obviously extremely upset and disappointed by the decision of the UAE and its impact on her personally and professionally , and the Tour is reviewing appropriate remedies for Ms. Peer . " Scott said Peer 's visa refusal has precedence : Last year an Israeli men 's doubles team was denied entry to Dubai . He said the Emirate cited security reasons following recent unrest in the region . "  At that time I was in Dubai . I made it clear to the authorities , the representatives of the government , that next year when our top players wanted to play this very prestigious tournament all of them had to be allowed to play , " Scott said . "  They had a year to work on it and solve it . We 've spent time through the year discussing it . We were given assurances that it had gone to the highest levels of government , " Scott said . "  I was optimistic they would solve it . And we 've made crystal clear to the government , to the tournament organizers that there could be grave repercussions not just for tennis in the UAE but sports beyond that . " Watch CNN 's interview with Larry Scott " The Dubai government issued a short statement through the state-owned news agency , saying that Peer was informed while in Thailand that she would not receive a visa . The agency quoted an official source in the organizing committee saying , "  The tournament is sponsored by several national organizations and they all care to be part of a successful tournament , considering the developments that the region had been through . " Earlier an official source who did not want to be named , said , "  We should check what happened in New Zealand , when Peer was playing there with all the demonstrations against Israel during the attacks on Gaza . We have to consider securing the players and the tournament . " In January , a small group of about 20 protestors waved placards and shouted anti-Israel slogans outside the main entrance to the ASB Classic tournament in Auckland . They were moved on before Peer played her match . The Israeli player said she 's received phone calls of support from her fellow players . " ` All the players support Shahar , " world No. 6 Venus Williams told The New York Times , adding , "  We are all athletes , and we stand for tennis . " Peer is uncertain of her next move . She said the last-minute decision had left her at a loose end . She said she was concerned about her points and ranking and may go to the U.S. this week to try to take part in another tournament . "  I do n't think it should happen , " she said . "  I think sport and politics needs to stay on the side and not be involved . I really hope it 's not going to happen again , not only to me but to any other athlete . " CNN Dubai bureau chief Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	Israeli tennis player back in Tel Aviv after being denied entry for Dubai event Shahar Peer told night before tournament she would not be granted visa by UAE WTA chief Larry Scott warned Dubai tournament could lose place on calendar Scott : "  This runs counter to everything we were promised and is a setback "
CNN  It may not provide the answer to life , the universe and everything , but when the Large Hadron Collider at Geneva 's CERN starts up again this month , particle physicists are planning to give this question their best shot . Having finally nailed down the elusive Higgs boson particle in 2013 -- the elementary particle that has unlocked some of the universe 's longest-standing secrets -- physicists are now on the trail of dark matter . And with the Large Hadron Collider  LHC  -- the 27km  17 mile  circumference particle accelerator that occupies a tunnel on the Franco-Swiss border -- now tricked out with new magnets , more powerful energy beams and a tighter vacuum , scientists are hoping to shine a light on some of the universe 's more arcane phenomena . "  Higgs was the final piece of the jigsaw of what we call the Standard Model of particle physics , " Dr Mike Lamont , operations group leader at the facility , told CNN . "  But we know that this model is not complete . " "  One of the big things we know is out there -- but we do n't yet understand -- is dark matter . "  There 's a lot of astronomical observations to support the fact that this stuff exists , so this is one thing that we might hope shows up . " Dark matter is currently a hypothesis . It is a type of matter that ca n't be seen but whose presence can be inferred from its gravitational effects on visible matter , radiation and even the very structure of the universe . Physicists believe this unseen material makes up about 85 percent of all the matter in the universe . Regular matter , which we are made of along with all the stars , planets and other tangible cosmic material , accounts for just around 4 percent of the mass-energy of the known universe . In other words , the vast majority of what constitutes reality still eludes us . Particle physicists will no doubt be on the edge of their seats when the new souped-up collider is put through its paces this month , although it can take months for the data to be processed . "  There are a number of theories that give you dark matter candidates -- one of the favourites is supersymmetry , " Lamont said , adding that the team got no sign of it at all in the facility 's first three-year run . "  What the physicists are hoping is that with the step up in energy we will be able to explore a bit more of parameter space and that something dramatically new will show up . "  If it does , it 's Nobel prizes all around ; it really will be a major breakthrough . If it 's not , then it 's back to the drawing board . " The increased energy of the new collider will be key to the new studies . The energy of collisions in the LHC in 2015 will be 13 TeV  teraelectron volt  compared with 8 TeV in 2012 during its last run . While the facility is a big industrial user of power -- about 180MW when it 's running at full tilt -- it 's not quite powerful enough to dim the lights or send the air-conditioning down in surrounding areas . "  We have a dial that tells us how much energy we 're using - it would be equivalent to about 10 % of the total power in the Geneva canton , " Lamont said . But anyone expecting a "  Bride of Frankenstein " scenario of flashing lights and crackling electrical discharges is going to be disappointed . According to Lamont , while the machine is tremendously powerful , it operates within a vacuum , making it relatively quiet . "  The beam itself does hum , we can hear it oscillating , but the collision energy between one proton and another -- while it 's a huge amount of energy for a proton -- is like a house fly hitting another house fly at 5 miles per hour . "  The beam , however , does have a huge amount of energy and we have to be very careful with it . " He said the proton beam is launched at a tangent to the ring and when the energy of the beam needs to be absorbed , they use a graphite block to damp it . "  Now that really does give a good bang , " Lamont said . "  We had microphones down there and this you could hear . " While there are billions of protons per package sent hurtling through the collider at a rate of 11,000 times per second , only 20 or 30 protons per package will actually collide to produce an effect that can be studied . Scientist must monitor equipment that registers hundreds of millions of collisions per second typically over 12-hour periods . "  The experiments need this because the interesting stuff like the Higgs is extremely rare . Only very rarely do these collisions produce something interesting and this is the big challenge for us -- to trigger the interesting stuff , " he said . The Higgs may have gone a long way to answering the questions thrown up by the Standard Model , but Lamont says there will still be plenty of good physics to be examined by what is effectively the world 's biggest machine . "  We 're planning a major upgrade in 2023-25 -- there 'll be new more powerful focusing magnets installed and some other upgrades and this will allow us to multiply by five the number of collisions we can deliver . "  That program is planned out until 2035 ... there are some interesting milestones coming up . " He remains sanguine , however , about the possibility that after weeks of collisions and months and sometimes years of study , scientists and researchers may have actually moved further away from answering the mysteries and paradoxes of particle physics beyond the Standard Model . "  Maybe the universe is a bit simpler than we think it is , " Lamont said . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Behold the ` Internet of Sheep ' You will you soon be able to ` swallow the doctor ' The end of electronics as we know it ?	The LHC , a 27km  17 mile  particle accelerator , is ready to fire up again after a two-year upgrade After nailing down the elusive Higgs boson particle in 2013 , physicists are now on the trail of dark matter Dark matter has never been observed , but it makes up nearly 85 percent of all the matter in the universe
CNN  -- Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka has joined the growing list of injury casualties at the WTA Rogers Cup tournament in Toronto . The Belarus star has moved to second in the world rankings , despite losing to Samantha Stosur in the final of the Carlsbad tournament in California . But after Sunday 's straight sets defeat Azarenka pulled the plug on her appearance at the prestigious hard court tournament in Canada , citing a lower back injury . "  I 'm so disappointed that I ca n't make it to Toronto as I added it to my schedule knowing what an important event it is , " Azarenka said in a statement . "  I am sorry to all my Canadian fans and I will work hard to get healthy and back on the courts as soon as possible . " Azarenka had only just recovered from the knee injury which forced her out of Wimbledon after the first round . Maria Sharapova , who also sustained an injury in the second grand slam of the season , was an earlier withdrawal from the Toronto event . It will leave both of them short of match practice on hard courts ahead of the final grand slam of the season at Flushing Meadows for the U.S. Open . Britain 's rising young star Laura Robson joined them on the sidelines before hitting a ball . The World No. 32 pulled out ahead of a first round match against Belgian Yanina Wickmayer with a wrist injury . Azarenka 's withdrawal has meant she will be replaced in the draw by former World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki , with the Dane given a first round bye . World No. 1 Serena Williams is top seed as she builds up to her defense of the U.S. Open title later this month . Meanwhile , the men 's Montreal Masters also started Monday , with No. 1 Novak Djokovic as defending champion and new Wimbledon champion Andy Murray as his main challenger . First day action saw Germany 's Florian Meyer beat Australia 's Bernard Tomic 5-7 6-3 6-3 in a match between up and coming stars of the circuit .	Victoria Azarenka pulls out of WTA tournament in Toronto Two-time Australian Open winner has a back injury She lost in the final of Carlsbad tournament to Samantha Stosur Montreal Masters starts Monday with Novak Djokovic cefending title
Hong Kong  CNN  -- President Hu Jintao of China arrived in Hong Kong on Friday ahead the 15th anniversary of the territory 's handover from Britain , an event likely to bring into focus the city 's complex feelings about Beijing 's influence . Hong Kong has prospered since its last British governor , Chris Patten , bade the territory a tearful farewell on July 1 , 1997 . It has benefited from its position as a financial and commercial gateway to China , riding the mainland 's spectacular economic boom of the past two decades . But the economic rewards have been mixed with unease about Beijing 's intentions for Hong Kong in the longer term , with concerns about possible threats to freedom of speech and the rule of law . Some Hong Kongers have also expressed reservations about the effect that mainland Chinese people are having on property prices and public services in the city . Nonetheless , Hong Kong has its own borders and immigration control , even with China . It has its own currency , its own police force and system of law courts . It has freedom of expression and demonstration to a degree unheard of anywhere on the mainland . This nuanced situation is expected to be reflected during Hu 's three-day visit . He stepped off an Air China plane Friday onto a red carpet to be welcomed by a people wearing red caps and waving Chinese flags . The outgoing Hong Kong chief executive , Donald Tsang , greeted Hu at Hong Kong Airport , the state-run Chinese news agency Xinhua reported . Also present were other senior officials from the territory , notably the Beijing-backed chief executive-elect of Hong Kong , Leung Chun-ying . Leung , who has long-standing ties to the mainland , is set to take office on Sunday in Hu 's presence . The Chinese president is scheduled to attend a string of other events over the next three days , including a flag-raising ceremony , a firework display and a parachute jump by members of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army . Protesters have said they will follow Hu throughout his visit in order to bring attention to human rights abuses in China . They are planning a big demonstration on Sunday afternoon . One particularly sensitive issue for the protesters is the death this month of Li Wangyang , a high-profile dissident who had spent more than 20 years in jail following his support of the Tiananmen Square student protests in 1989 . Li was found hanging in his hospital room in Shaoyang , Hunan Province , on June 6 . The local authorities said he had committed suicide , a claim that friends of the deaf and blind labor rights activist have contested . Hong Kong government officials have also questioned whether Li could have committed suicide . The Chinese authorities are now investigating his death . The weather is also threatening to disrupt Hu 's visit . Tropical Storm Doksuri was heading across the South China Sea on Friday toward the the Chinese coast near Hong Kong , according to the Hong Kong Observatory . The storm is expected to hit land overnight . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Tim Schwarz and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	Hong Kong has prospered since Britain handed it over to China in 1997 However , some Hong Kongers are concerned about Beijing 's intentions President Hu Jintao arrives in the territory at the start of a three-day visit He will mark the handover 's anniversary but also be the focus of protests
Last week , the Anti-Defamation League issued a warning : The Passover holiday was coming up Monday . So was Adolf Hitler 's birthday next Sunday -- two events that could coincide with the increased possibility of violent attacks against Jewish community centers . On Sunday , that dire prediction came true . A 73-year-old Missouri man with a long resume of anti-Semitism and white supremacist activism is accused of opening fire outside two Jewish centers in the Kansas City area . Police say Frazier Glenn Cross killed a 14-year-old boy and his grandfather in the parking lot of the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City in Overland Park , and a 53-year-old woman in the parking lot of the nearby Village Shalom Retirement Community , also in Overland Park . While authorities have n't disclosed any suspected motive , Cross -- who also goes by Frazier Glenn Miller -- has been active in the white supremacy movement since the 1970s . But after cooperating with federal authorities following an arrest in the mid-1980s , he became an outcast among much of that community , the ADL said . The group described Cross -- referring to him by his pseudonym of Miller -- as "  a perennial but peripheral figure " in the movement in recent years . Attempts at launching white supremacist publications flopped , and the votes he received in a 2010 write-in bid for U.S. Senate failed to break the double-digit mark . 3 dead in separate shootings Sunday 's attacks come at a time when anti-Semitic incidents in the United States are at their lowest level in decades . In an audit released this month , the ADL reported 751 incidents in 2013 , down 19 % from the previous year . But while the number of total incidents dropped , there was a significant increase in violent anti-Semitic assaults in 2013 . The ADL audit recorded 31 anti-Semitic assaults on Jewish people or those perceived as Jewish in 2013 , up from 17 in 2012 . "  The high number of violent in-your-face assaults , " said ADL National Director Abraham Foxman , "  is a sobering reminder that , despite the overall decline in anti-Semitic incidents , there is still a subset of Americans who are deeply infected with anti-Semitism and who feel emboldened enough to act out their bigotry . " And Cross was "  among the most-over-the-top , violent white supremacists " of the 1980s , said Brian Levin , director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University in San Bernardino . "  He was one of the pioneers in the modern hate world , " he said . "  He 's been entrenched in the hate movement his entire adult life . " Cross obtained the guns allegedly used in the shootings from a straw buyer -- a person with a clean background check who buys firearms on another person 's behalf , a U.S. law enforcement official said Monday . Views shaped early A Green Beret who served 20 years in the Army , including two tours in Vietnam , Cross has racist views that were shaped early in life , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate groups . The SPLC , like the ADL , referred to Cross by his pseudonym of Miller . His father gave him a copy of a newspaper published by the National States ' Rights Party , and within two minutes , he said he knew he 'd found a home in the movement . Who were the victims ? In the early 1980s , he founded and ran the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan . But instead of the traditional white robe of the Klan , he preferred fatigues and recruited active-duty soldiers as members . According to the ADL , which released a summary of its files on Cross/Miller on Monday , the group "  drew notoriety for its paramilitary training exercises " and was behind several attacks on African-Americans during that era . Cross himself "  was one of the more notorious white supremacists in the U.S. " The SPLC sued him for operating an illegal paramilitary organization and for intimidating African-Americans . The two sides settled , with the Knights barred from operating . But a month later , Cross resurfaced with an offshoot : the White Patriot Party . A kill list ? In 1986 , a Marine admitted selling the group anti-tank rockets , mines and explosives , according to the SPLC . Because he founded another paramilitary group when a court forbade him to do so , Cross was found in criminal contempt and sentenced to six months in prison . He appealed , and then bolted . While underground , he sent supporters a kill list , to which he had assigned a point system , according to the SPLC : Blacks  1 point  ; "  White race traitors "  10  ; Jews  10  ; judges  50  ; SPLC founder Morris Dees  888  . The FBI caught up with him in Missouri , where they tear-gassed him out of a mobile home . Inside , they found a cache of weapons . Cooperating with the feds He served three years in federal prison on weapons charges and for plotting robberies and the assassination of Dees . The short sentence was a result of a plea bargain he struck with federal prosecutors . In exchange , he testified against 14 white supremacists in a sedition trial in Arkansas in 1988 . "  He was reviled in white supremacist circles as a ` race traitor ' and , for a while , kept a low profile , " according to an SPLC profile of him . "  Now he 's making a comeback with The Aryan Alternative , a racist tabloid he 's been printing since 2005 . " According to the ADL , the tabloid folded after two issues . But because both had large press runs , the copies were passed around for years . Prolific poster The SPLC calls Cross "  a raging anti-Semite " who has posted more than 12,000 times on the Vanguard News Network , an anti-Semitic , white supremacist website . Its slogan : "  No Jews . Just Right . " He has called Jews "  swarthy , hairy , bow-legged , beady-eyed , parasitic midgets . " He ran for office multiple times , including a run for U.S. House and Senate seats . His 2010 campaign for the Senate was "  It 's the Jews , Stupid . " According to the SPLC , he received seven votes . Racism meets religion According to Cross ' 1999 autobiography , he is an adherent of Odinism , a neo-pagan religion that experts say has become one of the most vicious strains in the white supremacist movement . "  I 'd love to see North America 's 100 million Aryan Christians convert to the religion invented by their own race and practiced for a thousand generations before the Jews thought up Christianity , " he wrote , describing Odinism as "  the religion for a strong heroic people . " In his autobiography , "  A White Man Speaks Out , " Cross wrote that he had prayed to the Norse god Odin to spark a race war in the United States . Though Odinism has been appropriated by white racists , most adherents are peaceful , earth-loving pagans , said Jonathan White , an expert on white supremacists and a professor at Grand Valley State University in Grand Rapids , Michigan ` Not a fringe character ' On Saturday , Cross left for a casino in Missouri . His wife told the SPLC that he called about 10:30 Sunday morning to tell her his winnings were up and all was well . She did n't hear from him after that . The shootings at the Jewish centers took place around 1 p.m. . As the gunman sat in the back of a patrol car after his arrest , he shouted , "  Heil Hitler . " Overland Park Police said detectives were investigating statements the suspect made after his arrest but declined to provide additional details . "  This is not your average hate offender , " said Levin , the California State University professor . "  He 's a badass . He 's not a fringe character . " Son killed in 2008 shooting Police shot and killed Cross ' son in 2008 , according to Rick Witthuhn , police chief in Marionville , Missouri . The incident unfolded after a traffic accident . Jesse Miller , Cross ' son , used a shotgun to kill a man who stopped to help him after the crash , CNN affiliate KSPR reported . Then , when a police officer arrived at the scene , he shot at the officer . That same officer then shot and killed him , Witthuhn said . What the killings say about U.S. hate groups	Frazier Glenn Cross was an adherent of Odinism , a neo-pagan religion Police say his son was killed in a 2008 shooting Frazier Glenn Cross called "  perennial but peripheral figure " in white supremacy movement Cross is "  not your average hate offender , " expert says
CNN  -- Chicago 's remarkable architecture is far from the only thing that earns the city rave reviews . The Windy City is also home to the world 's top museum , according to TripAdvisor users . Glowing reviews over a recent 12-month period have earned the Art Institute of Chicago the top ranking in TripAdvisor 's Travelers ' Choice awards for museums . The institute 's vast collection of impressionist , post-impressionist and American paintings has evidently made a lasting impression on museum-goers . The pointillist masterpiece "  A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte " by Georges Seurat and Grant Wood 's "  American Gothic , " featuring a long-faced Midwestern couple , are among the most recognizable works in the museum 's collection . The global museum list , released Tuesday , ranks 25 of the world 's best museums based on an algorithm that factors in the quality and quantity of reviews over a year-long period . The results are sometimes surprising . The Louvre , the world 's most visited museum , comes in at No. 19 on the global list , behind lesser-known museums such as Stockholm 's Vasa Museum  No. 13  and the Instituto Ricardo Brennand in Recife , Brazil  No. 17  . "  The list features some iconic spots such as the Met in New York City  No. 7  , in addition to some museums that may not be household names , " said TripAdvisor spokeswoman Julie Cassetina . In addition to the worldwide list , TripAdvisor also compiled dedicated lists for the United States , Asia , Canada , the United Kingdom , Europe , South America and the South Pacific . Click through the gallery above to see the world 's top museums . Related : World 's most visited museums Now is a good time to visit a U.S. museum . On September 27 , Smithsonian magazine is hosting a museum day with participating institutions across the United States . Free admission , a Smithsonian Institution mainstay , will be extended to include participating museums . Register for tickets online .	TripAdvisor users rank world 's top museums The Art Institute of Chicago ranks above the Louvre Museums in Mexico and Russia round out the top three spots on the global list
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court narrowly ruled Wednesday that a white cross , erected as a war memorial and sitting on national parkland in the Mojave Desert , does not violate the constitutional separation of church and state . The 5-4 conservative majority said Congress acted properly when it tried to transfer land around the Mojave Memorial Cross to veterans groups , an effort to eliminate any Establishment Clause violation . The land then would have been declared a national memorial . A federal appeals panel had blocked that land swap . "  It is reasonable to interpret the congressional designation as giving recognition to the historical meaning that the cross had attained , " Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote . "  The Constitution does not oblige government to avoid any public acknowledgment of religion 's role in society . " But even among the conservatives who voted to allow the cross to stand , there was strong disagreement about how similar disputes should be settled , an indication of the contentious nature of church-and-state cases . At issue before the justices was whether the display violates the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , which says that "  Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion . " More specifically , can one individual who protests the cross have legal standing to take his case to court and prevail ? And do congressional efforts to minimize the appearance of a constitutional violation carry any weight ? The 6-foot Latin cross was first erected in 1934 by a local Veterans of Foreign Wars unit in a remote part of the California desert to honor war dead . It has been rebuilt several times over the years , and Easter services take place on the site annually . The land now is part of the Mojave National Preserve , a unit of the National Park Service , encompassing 1.6 million acres , or 2,500 square miles . A former Park Service employee brought suit , saying such symbols represent government endorsement of the Christian faith . A federal appeals court ultimately agreed , and rejected a move by Congress in 2003 to transfer the tiny portion of land where the cross sits back to the VFW , as a privately held national memorial . The area in question is a prominent outcropping known as Sunrise Rock . Kennedy said the cross represents more than just a religion , echoing the views of the VFW . "  Here one Latin cross in the desert evokes far more than religion , " he wrote . "  It evokes thousands of small crosses in foreign fields marking the graves of Americans who fell in battles , battles whose tragedies are compounded if the fallen are forgotten . " The court sent the case back to the lower federal courts to resolve , and said the man who brought the suit , Frank Buono , could continue his legal fight over how the future land transfer is handled . Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas said they would go further and end all litigation of the land transfer . The appeals court noted that the land transfer effort singled out the VFW for special treatment and that officials had rejected a proposal to erect a nearby Buddhist stupa , or shrine . Jewish and Muslim veterans groups in the U.S. say the Mojave Cross symbolizes the sacrifice of Christian veterans , excluding other faiths . In dissent , Justice John Paul Stevens -- who is retiring at the end of the term in June -- said the land transfer does not remedy the constitutional concerns . "  Such measures would not completely end the government endorsement of this cross , " he wrote , "  as the land would have been transferred in a manner favoring the cross and the cross would remain designated as a national memorial . " As the only war veteran on the court , Stevens , who served in World War II as an intelligence officer , added , "  I certainly agree that the nation should memorialize the service of those who fought and died in World War I , but it can not lawfully do so by continued endorsement of a starkly sectarian message . " The American Civil Liberties Union is representing Buono . Attorney Peter Eliasberg told the court "  the government had favored one party to come on , contrary to the government 's own regulations , and erect a permanent symbol , while not allowing others . " The case is Salazar v. Buono  08-472  .	Justices say war memorial does n't violate Constitution 's First Amendment Mojave Memorial Cross was placed on national parkland in California desert 5-4 majority says transfer of land around cross to veterans groups was proper In dissent , justice says land transfer does n't remedy constitutional concerns
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Treasury is prohibiting Americans from "  engaging in any transactions " with three Pakistan-based militants and a front group . The Treasury said Thursday that the move is targeting the financial and support networks of Lashkar-e Tayyiba and Jaish-e Mohammed , two militant groups operating in the Asian subcontinent . The agency cited Azam Cheema , who helped train operatives for the November 2008 Mumbai , India , attacks and was the "  mastermind " behind the July 2006 Mumbai train bombings carried out by Lashkar-e Tayyiba . Treasury also acted against Hafiz Abdul Rahman Makki , head of Lashkar-e Tayyiba 's political affairs department , for acting for or on behalf of the group . Al Rehmat Trust , called an "  an operational front " for Jaish-e Mohammed , was designated for providing support to and for acting for or on behalf of that group , and Mohammed Masood Azhar Alvi , Jaish-e Mohammed 's founder and leader , was designated for acting for on behalf of the group . The move comes ahead of President Barack Obama 's trip to Asia , where he will visit the memorial in Mumbai for the attacks this weekend . "  LET and JEM have proven both their willingness and ability to execute attacks against innocent civilians , " said Stuart Levey , undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence . "  Today 's action -- including the designation of Azam Cheema , one of LET 's leading commanders who was involved in the 2008 and 2006 Mumbai attacks -- is an important step in incapacitating the operational and financial networks of these deadly organizations . " The United States has designated Jaish-e Mohammed and Lashkar-e Tayyiba as foreign terrorist organizations . The Treasury statement said "  Al Rehmat Trust has provided support for militant activities in Afghanistan and Pakistan , including financial and logistical support to foreign fighters operating in both countries . In early 2009 , several prominent members of al Rehmat Trust were recruiting students for terrorist activities in Afghanistan . "	Americans may not engage in transactions with front group The move is designed to incapacitate two militant groups President Obama will visit Mumbai attack memorial this weekend
CNN  -- In the face of an army of cartoon characters , some Japanese officials are concerned the public is facing a cuteness overload . Mascots , known locally as yuru-kyara  "  loose " or "  relaxed " characters  , are ubiquitous in Japan , and are used to promote everything from soap , food and train lines , to regions of Japan and even prisons . They come in every conceivable shape and size , including some downright bizarre creations , and are often conceived of and designed by amateurs , a fact that is often all too apparent . But despite the oftentimes amateur nature of some of these beloved characters , it 's safe to say that Japan is truly enamored -- or obsessed , to quote one editorial -- with these guys . Noriko Nakano of the Japan Local Character Association told CNN by email that the Japanese have a long-lasting , deep emotional bond to "  non-human " characters , with roots buried deep in an ancient polytheism . With these noble antecedents , a generation of cute characters , with names like Hikonyan and Barysan were born . And these characters turned out to be perfect for promoting local regions . "  In an era when local governments are in need ,  many have  considered a strategy of including emotional warmth and therefore creating ` local characters ' , " Nakano said . "  I had noticed that , for selling local products , it is n't possible to increase the name recognition  if  there is no ` face ' to the municipality . " Bona fide celebrity Hence the rise of the regional character , some of whose fame has spread far beyond their territorial boundaries . You do n't , for example , need to go to Kumamoto Prefecture to bump into Kumamon . The Japanese region 's mascot is a bona fide celebrity throughout the country , and appears on everything from promotional posters advertising his home prefecture and household goods like chopstick holders , to a 100 million-yen  $ 982,000  gold figurine , made by a Tokyo goldsmith . Kumamon is the current undisputed king of the mascots , as his YouTube offerings make clear . He 's also the most visual symbol of the character wars that Japan 's prefectures -- akin to states -- are involved in . Osaka is no exception . Perhaps surprisingly for the city that was the gritty inspiration for "  Blade Runner , " Japan 's second city is as cute-obsessed as the rest of the country , if not more so , with some 45 Osaka-themed mascots plying their trade in the city . But this town might not be big enough for all of them . According to the Osaka 's local government , some of the city 's cartoon representatives may be stepping out of the limelight , sidelined in favor of the chosen one , the city 's Moppi , as Osaka 's "  core mascot . " "  The prefecture has too many mascots , " the Asahi Shimbun quoted Osaka Governor Ichiro Matsui as saying . "  People do not know what they are promoting or what policy they are trying to raise awareness of . " Used sparingly Overkill and dilution of brand identity has meant that other stalwarts of the city , such as the kushiyaki-inspired Kushitan , designed to resemble a deep-fried Osaka delicacy , may soon be surplus to requirements . While the plan is not to kill the characters off -- such barbarism is clearly beyond the pale -- they will from now be used only sparingly , if at all . Instead , the focus is being put on the narrow , bird-like shoulders of Moppi , who designed in the 1990s to resemble one of the prefecture 's native avian species . There are plans to work on the Moppi brand , perhaps pairing him up with a Mrs. Moppi , and even having the lovebirds produce offspring . These characters , officials say , can help promote women 's and childrens ' issues . Not everybody is in favor of the cull , including the prefecture 's vice governor , who said "  respective departments devoted their energy to creating their mascots , and each mascot has been loved by department officials ... I hope such situations will be taken into consideration . " However , while there are dissenting voices , the benefits of honing one 's yuru-kyara image to one or two distinctive faces makes sense , especially in modern Japan 's crowded mascot marketplace .	Japanese prefectures rely heavily on their mascots for promotion An easily recognizable "  yuru-kyara " can be invaluable Osaka looking to cut character dead wood and focus on one yuru-kyara star
The pilot turned his airliner upside down . On purpose . And it saved nearly a hundred lives . That 's the idea behind one of the most intense movie moments of the holiday season : the core scene of "  Flight , " starring Denzel Washington as pilot Whip Whitaker . Hollywood sure likes Washington 's performance . The role earned him an Oscar nomination Thursday on the heels of a Golden Globe nod in December . The film also received a nod for best original screenplay . Spinning movie sets combine with CGI to make the scene "  more than gut-wrenching , " wrote CNN 's Tom Charity . Hitflix ranks it among the "  most harrowing plane crashes ever seen . " By the way , no spoilers here . Thanks to masterful editing , we see a series of jerky , split-second glimpses of an "  engine failure " panel light and then an uncontrolled dive and a plunging altimeter . In a stunning command decision , Washington 's character rolls the plane over on its back . We see tumbling passengers and tossed luggage and finally a smoky crash landing in an empty field . The scene stands as a breathtaking masterpiece of Hollywood 's dream machine , but it pales in comparison with United Flight 232 , a deadly real-life airline disaster that -- like the movie -- could have been much worse if not for remarkable efforts by heroic crew members . But first , is it possible to fly a commercial airliner upside down ? Would excessive G-forces destroy it ? That debate is raging right now on aviation Twitter feeds and websites . In the film , the pilot rolls the plane over to keep it flying longer . He avoids crashing into a neighborhood , saving countless lives . "  Flight " director Robert Zemeckis , creator of the "  Back to the Future " series , enjoyed a bit of artistic license here , said Larry Goodrich , the film 's pilot consultant . Goodrich , a 32-year pilot -- first with the Air Force , then with Delta Air Lines -- trained pilots to fly MD-88s , which the movie 's plane most resembles . During production , Goodrich said he reminded Zemeckis and Washington that "  you can turn an airplane like this over , but it 's not going to fly like this very long . It 's gon na go down . " "  He looked at me and he said , ` Can it fly upside down for a little bit ? ' I said , ` Yeah a little bit , but eventually you 're gon na lose lift in the wings and you wo n't have the power to keep the airplane up . ' " "  It 's hard to do and the planes are n't built for it , " said another veteran commercial airline pilot . "  But when you 're in that situation you 'll do anything you can to save the airplane , " said the pilot , who asked not to be named because he 's not authorized by his airline to speak with the news media . When asked about flying upside down , Boeing , which inherited the MD-80 series after its 1997 merger with McDonnell Douglas , issued a no-nonsense statement . "  The MD-80 can not sustain inverted flight , " the statement said . "  The MD-80 , as with all commercial airliners , was designed to fly upright . Commercial airliners are only tested and certified for upright flight . " Another thing that did n't ring true with Goodrich was the pilot leaving the cockpit during an emergency , as Washington 's character did . Goodrich said he advised Zemeckis this scenario was n't likely . The interaction between Washington 's character and the co-pilot rubbed commercial airline pilot and blogger Patrick Smith the wrong way . "  Washington 's character is arrogant and flip and condescending and his co-pilot 's character is meek and weak and at times even scared and clueless , " said Smith . "  This is n't how pilots behave . It reinforces the myth that the co-pilot is some sort of apprentice pilot . " The real deal But as we all know , there 's Hollywood -- and then there 's the real deal . As one commenter on airspacemag.com put it , "  Hollywood could learn a lot from true life , i.e. , United 232 . " That 's because when it comes to a real life loss of airliner flight control , situations do n't get much worse than Flight 232 . Al Haynes commanded the DC-10 that hot July day in 1989 . The plane was about 75 miles north of Sioux City , Iowa , en route from Denver to Chicago with 11 crew and 285 passengers , when one of the plane 's three engines failed . "  There was a loud BANG , " Haynes said . The bang , he said , "  was followed by a large vibration lasting a few seconds . " The noise was the sound of a cracked engine fan disk shooting out of the tail engine and freakishly hitting in the worst possible spot . The disk severed all the plane 's hydraulic lines , virtually cutting off all steering and speed control . Read federal investigators ' report on the crash  PDF For the next 45 minutes , Haynes , First Officer Bill Records , engineer Dudley Dvorak and instructor Dennis Fitch would need all their strength and good ideas to re-invent how to fly the DC-10 . But unlike the movie , flying upside down was not the solution to escaping this emergency . "  When the engine failed , the airplane started to turn to the right and started to roll , " said Haynes . "  If we had not stopped that and it had rolled over on its back , I 'm sure the nose falling down would have increased the airspeed so fast that there 's no way we could have controlled it . " "  If we had gotten upside down , the party was over . " They learned how to steer the plane by adjusting the power in the aircraft 's two remaining engines . It was like trying to drive a car without power steering , said Haynes , only harder . The captain and Records struggled with the control wheel circling it steadily in right turn circles toward Sioux City airport . "  It was very tiring , " Haynes said . At the same time , Fitch struggled on his knees as he was forced to use both hands to muscle the plane 's throttle levers , which also had become hard to move . "  I 'll tell you what , we 'll have a beer when this is all done , " Fitch told Haynes , according to the flight recorder transcript . "  Well , I do n't drink , " the captain replied , "  but I 'll sure as hell have one . " In the cabin , flight attendants worked to calm passengers and prepare them for a crash landing . "  One passenger thought she was having a heart attack and the flight attendants calmed her down , and it turned out she was n't having a heart attack , she was just very nervous , " Haynes said . As the plane neared the ground at a much-too-fast speed , passengers were warned to brace for impact . Video of the DC-10 's fiery cartwheel landing was plastered across TV news channels for months after the disaster . "  The minute we hit the ground , I was knocked out , " Haynes recalls . "  I woke up in the cockpit talking to Dudley , I only remember bits and pieces of the conversation . I remember when the rescuers found us , someone asked , ` Are there really four of you in there ? ' " One-hundred-ten passengers and one crew member -- flight attendant Rene Le Beau -- died in the crash . One-hundred-eighty-five passengers and crew survived . In the months after the disaster , authorities recreated the emergency in flight simulators . But the simulator pilots were unable to maintain control of the plane all the way through to landing . Sometimes life produces real events that rival Hollywood 's wildest imaginations . That 's what happened in 1989 , when the crew of United Airlines Flight 232 achieved the nearly impossible .	Aviation buffs question authenticity of Denzel Washington movie "  Flight " Film 's pilot consultant : Director Robert Zemeckis claimed artistic license United Flight 232 pilot Al Haynes describes losing flight control 1989 Sioux City , Iowa , disaster among aviation 's most remarkable crash landings
CNN  -- A senior Vatican official acknowledged Thursday there is "  no excuse " for child sex abuse , as he and others were grilled by a U.N. committee about the Catholic Church 's handling of pedophile priests . It 's the first time the Vatican has been forced to answer allegations so publicly that it enabled the sexual abuse of children by protecting such priests . The committee questioned a handful of Vatican officials -- including Monsignor Silvano Tomasi , permanent observer of the Holy See to the United Nations in Geneva , and Monsignor Charles Scicluna , the Vatican 's former chief sex-crimes prosecutor -- for several hours Thursday in Switzerland . In his opening remarks , Tomasi said , "  There is no excuse for any form of sexual violence or exploitation of children . Such crimes can never be justified , whether committed in the home , in schools , in community and sports programs , in religious organizations and structures . This is the longstanding policy of the Holy See . " He said the body would welcome any suggestions on promoting and respecting children 's rights from the panel , the U.N. Committee on the Convention on the Rights of the Child . In a series of hard-hitting questions , committee member Sara Oviedo pressed Tomasi over what kind of sanctions are imposed on abusive priests and whether they are handed over to the justice systems of the countries where crimes are committed . The Vatican officials were also questioned on what is being done to prevent bishops transferring problem priests to different parishes in order to cover up their abuses . Since taking the helm of the Roman Catholic Church in March , Pope Francis has told a senior Vatican official to carry out "  due proceedings against the guilty " in sexual abuse cases . Vatican sets up commission against sexual abuse of minors Scicluna : No ` coverups ' Scicluna said he was there to say that "  the Holy See ` gets it ' " with regard to the issue and that no one should stand in the way of the prosecution of abusive priests . "  Let 's not say too late or not , " he said . "  But there are certain things that need to be done differently . I would talk about cover-up , for example , because this is a very important concern . " States "  need to take action against citizens of the country who obstruct justice in such an egregious crime as sexual abuse of minors , whoever these people are , " Scicluna said . "  It is not a policy of the Holy See to encourage cover-ups , " he said . "  This goes against the truth . Only the truth will help us move on to a situation when we can start being ... an example of best practice . " This comes down to the Roman Catholic Church 's work on the ground , Scicluna said , not just words . He said that education of clergy and laypeople connected to the church is key , as is the enforcement of guidelines on child protection . As for priests who have committed sexual abuse of minors , the Holy See has made clear in a letter to bishops that it is "  a no-go simply to move people from one place to another , from one diocese to another " without being open about their backgrounds , Scicluna said . The Vatican officials were also quizzed on transparency . "  The best way to prevent new offenses is to reveal old ones and to remove the offender from positions where he or she will have the opportunity to reoffend -- so openness instead of sweeping the offenses under the carpet , " a panel member said . The panel also urged the Vatican officials to do "  very concrete things " to help those who have suffered abuse by clergy , and to give them "  closure " so they can move forward . "  It 's a first step , " Joelle Casteix , a regional director for SNAP -- the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests -- said ahead of Thursday 's hearing . "  Five years ago , we never thought that something like this would even be possible . " But the Center for Constitutional Rights , a nonprofit legal group which has worked alongside SNAP , said the Vatican had "  consistently refused to accept responsibility " for sexual abuse of children and that its response was still "  unsatisfactory . " "  The Vatican attempted to relegate the issue to the past and claim it is a new era , that they now ` get it , ' but they continue to refuse to turn over records for prosecution , punish higher-ups that covered up the crimes , or provide any real evidence that they are now putting the safety of children above the reputation of the Church , " said an attorney for the center , Pam Spees . "  Nonetheless , today 's hearing is a milestone in calling for an end to these days of impunity . The international community is demanding answers , and that is the first step toward true accountability and , we hope , an end to the widespread violence against children . " ' A wound that hurts the church ' Panel members said that what the Vatican officials expressed Thursday was a welcome change in attitudes and that they wanted to see the measures promised become a reality . Tomasi assured them that action on the issue of sex abuse was a priority . "  For the Holy See , the whole problem of the abuse of children is a wound that hurts the church as a community of faith , and it 's a suffering first of all within the community of faith , " he said . "  And therefore it becomes not just a legal but moral and human commitment to continue to support and defend the principles of the convention that are protecting the children in a very specific way . " CNN 's senior Vatican analyst , John Allen , said observers are looking to see whether the Vatican under Francis ' leadership will crack down on bishops accused of covering up abuse by their priests . It 's rare to see senior Vatican officials grilled in public in the way they were Thursday , Allen said . While the details that have emerged are not new , he said , the hearing signals that the world is watching to see whether the expectations of reform raised by Francis ' steps so far will be matched by action on the ground . One matter of contention is that the Holy See argues that its direct jurisdiction extends only to the tiny Vatican City state and not to the Roman Catholic Church as a whole , although it provides guidelines to it . Other questions asked Thursday dealt with the church 's approach to forced adoptions of children , including historical cases where religious bodies in Ireland and Spain are accused of removing children born to unmarried mothers , who were then given to "  more suitable " adoptive parents . The panel asked the Vatican officials what action was being taken to reunite those children with their families and to punish those responsible for their removal . It also urged them to encourage care of orphaned or abandoned children in homes rather than in church-run institutions , where they may be vulnerable to abuse . The Holy See ratified the U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child in 1990 , but critics say it is failing to abide by its provisions . Pope Francis lays down the law on child sex abuse on Vatican grounds Pope : ` Act decisively ' In April , Francis recommended that the church 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith "  act decisively with regard to cases of sexual abuse , first of all by promoting measures for the protection of minors , as well as in offering assistance to those who have suffered abuse , carrying out due proceedings against the guilty , " the Vatican said at the time . The statement does not specify who "  the guilty " are . But in recent years , priests , nuns and other people connected to the Catholic Church have been accused of sexually abusing children . Francis called for the church hierarchy to "  formulate and implement " directives to address an area he described as "  so important " to the church 's credibility and worship . ` Most vulnerable ' victims Even with the inroads made , SNAP would like to see more action from the Vatican . "  Pope Francis has been a very popular pope , but when it comes to child sexual abuse , he has followed the same strategies as his predecessors , " Casteix said . His predecessor , Benedict XVI , said many times that abusers should be prosecuted , but SNAP and other victims ' groups said he did too little . Benedict spoke with some victims of sexual abuse by priests on papal visits to countries including the United States and the United Kingdom , where he expressed his "  deep sorrow " about the scandal . The Vatican selected those he met . The challenge for Francis is to do more , Casteix said . "  This is a man who has a rock star-like popularity . He has reached out to the poor ; he has reached out to the desperate and the vulnerable . But he has continually ignored the sex abuse victims , those who are the most vulnerable and who were hurt by his clerics , " Casteix said . "  It is time , it is a simply easy thing for him to do , and I believe that this hearing will really prove to him and the world how important it is that he take decisive action to stop abuse and coverup . "	NEW : Vatican response still unsatisfactory , Center for Constitutional Rights says Vatican urged to take "  concrete " steps to help victims of abuse by clergy "  It is not a policy of the Holy See to encourage cover-ups , " a Vatican official says Victims ' group calls for action , not words ; says Pope Francis should take a new path
CNN  -- Iran has received the first part of its $ 4.2 billion in oil funds that had been frozen overseas due to sanctions , the country 's state-run Press TV reported . In November , Iran and six world powers reached an interim deal under which Iran agreed to limit its nuclear program in exchange for an easing of economic sanctions . The six world powers , called the P5 +1 , include the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- the United States , Britain , China , Russia and France -- as well as Germany According to the semi-official Iranian Students News Agency , the first installment amounts to $ 550 million . CNN was trying to reach representatives of the P5 +1 countries for confirmation Sunday . The deal As part of the temporary , six-month deal reached in November , world powers agreed to suspend sanctions on items such as gold and petrochemical exports . That suspension would provide Iran with about $ 1.5 billion in revenue , according to the U.S. White House . Iran , meanwhile , must dilute its stockpile of uranium enriched to 20 % , halt all enrichment above 5 % and dismantle the technical equipment required to do that enrichment . The 5 % enrichment level is well below the level needed to make nuclear weapons . The Iranian regime has insisted it is using nuclear energy for peaceful purposes only . But many countries have been skeptical , and Canada has decided to keep its sanctions against Iran in pace . "  People of #Iran deserve freedom & prosperity denied them by regime 's nuclear ambitions , " Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird tweeted after the November deal . "  Until then , Canadian sanctions remain in full force . " Iran has stumbled from one economic crisis to the next under the sanctions , with unemployment topping 20 % . But because the deal is temporary , it remains unclear what the world powers might offer -- and demand of -- Iran in the future . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Six world powers agreed to lift some sanctions against Iran in November In exchange , Iran agreed to limit its nuclear program The first installment amounts to $ 550 million , Iranian media reports Sanctions were suspended on items such as gold and petrochemical exports
CNN  -- Seventy-five years later , the innovation and courage of those who designed and built the Golden Gate Bridge shine as brightly as the span 's orange towers . The suspension bridge connecting San Francisco and Marin County opened to vehicles on May 28 , 1937 , a little more than four years after construction began . A daylong celebration Sunday will include music , vintage cars , a watercraft parade and technology demonstrations . The events will be capped by a spectacular fireworks display showcasing the bridge and surrounding parkland . A dedication Friday of new visitor facilities and services paid tribute to the audacity that created the bridge and the 11 men who died during its construction . "  Built in the midst of the Great Depression , this bridge is a reminder , no matter what the daunting challenge and overwhelming obstacles , America always invests in big and bold endeavors . " said Rep. Nancy Pelosi , D-California . The bridge is named for the Golden Gate Strait , a symbol of hope for immigrants and safety for troops returning from war , Pelosi said . Sunday 's activities will be centered at Crissy Field and Marina Green , along the northern waterfront of San Francisco . The bridge was made for superlatives and wow-inducing numbers , as provided by the Golden Gate Bridge Highway & Transportation District : -- Each tower has approximately 600,000 rivets . -- The 4,200-foot suspension span was the longest in the world until New York 's Verrazano-Narrows Bridge opened in 1964 . -- Painting is an ongoing task , because it protects the bridge from high salt content in the air , which corrodes steel components . -- The bridge has been closed three times because of weather . What 's the chance of signature Golden Gate fog during Sunday 's festival ? National Weather Service meteorologist Steve Anderson said there will be low clouds in the morning , partly cloudy skies in the afternoon and a mostly clear outlook for the evening . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge opened in May 1937 The suspension bridge took just over four years to build Daylong festival celebrating the bridge is set for Sunday
CNN  -- In trendy neighborhoods of Tokyo customers are lining up for vitamin injections that promise to improve health and beauty . A Japanese woman receives an intravenous vitamin supplement at the Tenteki Cafe in Tokyo . These intravenous vitamin "  drips " are part of the latest quick-fix , health fad catching on in Japan : the IV cafe . Each drip pack contains saline solution and specific vitamins and minerals to target a particular health ailment or beauty concern . "  I used to take vitamin supplements , but changed to the IV drip because I feel the effects more quickly , " a 20-something woman at the Tenteki 10 Café told CNN . She said she receives specific injections to get better skin , burn fat and boost her energy . There are 10 different varieties to choose from at Tenteki . The "  orange " variety touts anti-aging properties , loaded with antioxidants . The "  placenta pack " is said to help rejuvenate and ease muscle stiffness . Prices range from $ 20 - $ 30 per injection , and nurses see about 30-40 people each day . Their most common patients are Japanese businessmen who work in the same office building . "  I see a lot of businessmen who say they do n't have time to sleep . They ca n't take a break from working and get the vitamin drip for an extra kick of energy , " a Tenteki nurse told CNN . "  Blue " is the most requested vitamin pack among these men : a concoction of B1 and vitamin E that claims to offer relief from exhaustion . Registered nurses and doctors administer the drips at Tenteki , but there 's no conclusive medical evidence to back up the health claims . Many nutritionists actually caution against using injectable vitamin supplements because the quantities are not regulated . "  More is not necessarily better ... some vitamins and minerals can be toxic in high doses , " particularly the fat-soluble ones which the body stores like Vitamins A , D , E and K , explained Claire Williamson , Nutrition Scientist at the British Nutrition Foundation . In Europe and the United States vitamin shots are popular among celebrities with hectic lifestyles and little time to sleep , particularly vitamin B 12 . Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell and singer Robbie Williams have both confirmed they 've used the shots as part of their diets to maintain stamina during tours . Dermatological injections of Vitamin C are also popular among women hoping to keep their skin looking young . Former supermodel Cindy Crawford has admitted using such injections to keep her skin firm and wrinkle-free . According to Williamson , it does not matter if supplements are injected into the vein or into the skin . "  At the end of the day it will go into the blood stream , " she said . Most of these nutrients we can get sufficient from foods , nutrients tend to be better absorbed by the body if they are consumed in foods . "	Intravenous vitamin boosts are the latest health fad in Japan Vitamin injections target specific health aliments and beauty concerns Nutritionists warn of vitamin overdose from high quantities of supplements Vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigue
What kind of privacy will you have 10 years from now ? Will you have given up trying to keep secrets and be willingly sharing all your personal information online ? Or will new tools and laws give you control over your private data , allowing you to pick and choose what to share , even sell ? A new survey on the future of privacy finds that experts are split fairly evenly between these two visions of the future . But one thing they do agree on is the present : We are already living under constant surveillance , willingly offering up chunks of personal information online , where it is collected , tracked and used to make money . Pew 's Internet Project released its latest report on the future of privacy Thursday , a collaboration with Elon University 's Imagining the Internet Center . The report is a survey of more than 2,500 experts about what they think online privacy will look like in 2025 . It collected opinions from professors , researchers , futurists , policymakers and heads of major companies . When asked if there would be "  a secure , popularly accepted and trusted privacy-rights infrastructure by 2025 , " 45 % of those surveyed said yes . The other 55 % said no , citing lack of incentive for governments and companies to self-regulate , the logistical challenges of creating a workable global system and the growing apathy of Individuals about their own privacy . "  Most experts believe that businesses and governments have little incentive to bolster privacy . This is , in part , because people have proven that they will give away personal information for something as small as a free cup of coffee , " said Janna Anderson , director of Elon 's Imagining the Internet Center . The volume of information we share will only increase in the coming decade . Right now , every online purchase , search query , location check-in , email and social-network post is another drop of information that can be collected by tech companies and data brokers . The next wave of technology -- like fitness trackers , homes that track your habits to save energy , smart cars and facial recognition -- will generate even more personal information about people . Anderson said the experts who knew the most about the impact of these new technologies were more likely skeptical about privacy rights in 2025 . Some of the respondents predict a fierce battle between companies , governments and individuals over control of personal information . However , many do n't think the public will put up much of a fight . For the great privacy wars to get started , people may need motivation in the form of a major incident -- what some analysts call a "  privacy Chernobyl . " For now , most people are just starting to understand the value of their personal data . "  People are becoming more attuned all the time to the fact that they are paying for ` free ' services offered by Google , Facebook , Twitter and other popular companies by giving up personal information that is sold as a commodity by those companies , " said Anderson . Even though governments can tap that data to monitor people , and companies can collect it to make more money off of customers , some people just wo n't care . For them , oversharing is n't all doom and Big Brother . A few of the experts in Pew 's survey think the potential benefits to consumers will actually make it a desirable trade-off . "  The benefits of cloud-based , personal , digital assistants will be so overwhelming that putting restrictions on these services will be out of the question , " said Google 's chief economist Hal Varian . "  Everyone will expect to be tracked and monitored , since the advantages , in terms of convenience , safety , and services , will be so great . " Convenience could be all it takes to talk people out wanting privacy . "  While Americans claim to care about privacy , they care even more about convenience . Americans have happily sacrificed their privacy over the last several decades , and will continue to do so , even as they complain , " said Paul Saffo , a consulting professor at Stanford University . "  Privacy has already shifted from being a right to a good that is purchased . " A handful of other respondents also predicted that privacy could be bought back in the future , creating classes of people who ca n't afford privacy . What happens if privacy disappears ? Many respondents think the public will easily accept the new norm , especially the younger generation . "  We will adapt to 100 % transparency and the utter loss of privacy , accepting that secrets no longer exist . The societal impact of scandals  exposed secrets  will diminish because it is impossible to react with constant indignation when secrets are revealed all the time , " said futurist Marcel Bullinga . Google Vice President Vint Cerf also thinks social norms will shift . "  The uploading and tagging of photos and videos without permission may become socially unacceptable . As in many other matters , the social punishment may have to be accompanied by legislation -- think about seat belts and smoking by way of example , " he said . Another thing respondents seem to agree on : Whatever happens next , it 's going to be a roller coaster ride . "  I expect the dynamics of security and privacy are going to be a bloody mess for the next decade , mired in ugly politics and corporate greed , " said Microsoft research scientist Danah Boyd .	New Pew survey asks experts what privacy will look like in 10 years Living in public is expected to become the new default Some people willingly trade their privacy for convenience and services New tools might give people control over their data , at a cost
When it comes to mathematics , reading and science , young people in Shanghai are the best in the world , according to a global education survey released Tuesday . In all three subjects , Shanghai students demonstrated knowledge and skills equivalent to at least one additional year of schooling than their peers in countries like the United States , Germany and the United Kingdom . The findings are part of the 2012 Program for International Student Assessment  or PISA  -- a leading survey of education systems conducted every three years by the Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development  OECD  , a grouping of the world 's richest economies . More than half a million students , aged 15 and 16 , sat a two-hour exam last year as part of the study . The pupils came from 65 countries representing 80 % of the global economy . East Asian economies performed best overall , claiming seven of the top 10 places across all three subjects . In math , Shanghai had the highest score with 613 points -- the equivalent of nearly three years of schooling above the average for the 34 OECD member countries of 494 , and six years above Peru which ranked last with a score of 368 . The city also came top in 2009 rankings . Singapore came second in mathematics with a score of 573 , followed by Hong Kong , Taiwan , South Korea , and Macau . But the math performance of most countries has not improved since the PISA tests were launched more than a decade ago . Around 60 % of the 64 countries who participated in previous studies performed at the same level or worse in 2012 , and nearly a third of all students scored in the lowest band for the subject . TRY THE PISA TEST YOURSELF U.S. lags The United States ranked 36th , performing below the OECD average in mathematics with 481 points , and a score indistinguishable from the average for reading and science . The United Kingdom did slightly better , ranking 26th , equaling the average score for OECD countries in math and reading . The UK performed above average in science with a score of 514 . Part of the reason pupils do so well in Shanghai , according to the OECD 's deputy director of education , Andreas Schleicher , is that they have the drive and confidence to fulfill their potential . "  In China and Shanghai , you have nine out of 10 students telling you , ` It depends on me . If I invest the effort , my teachers are going to help me to be successful ' , " Schleicher told CNN 's On China program , which will air later this month . Similarly , in Japan -- which ranked 7th overall -- more than 80 % of students disagreed or strongly disagreed that they put off difficult problems , and 68 % disagreed or strongly disagreed that they give up easily when confronted with a problem . Hard work "  Practice and hard work go a long way towards developing each student 's potential , but students can only achieve at the highest levels when they believe that they are in control of their success and that they are capable of achieving at high levels , " the PISA report said . PISA tests students near the end of their compulsory education in areas that are "  essential for full participation in modern society , " as well as their ability to apply what they have learned in new situations . "  This approach reflects the fact that modern economies reward individuals not for what they know , but for what they can do with what they know , " the report said . In reading , East Asian economies also topped the league table . Shanghai ranked first , with a score of 570 -- the equivalent of one and a half years more schooling than the OECD average . Hong Kong ranked second , followed by Singapore , Japan and South Korea . Half the countries that took part in previous assessments saw an improvement in reading comprehension since 2003 . Shanghai also topped the list in science , with a score of 580 compared to the average of 501 -- the equivalent of nearly two more years of schooling . In fifth place , Finland was the top performing country outside Asia , behind Hong Kong , Singapore and Japan . Data on other Chinese provinces and cities is not yet published by PISA because not enough regions take part in the tests to be considered representative , a spokesman said . However , China as a whole is expected to be included in the 2015 assessment . Shanghai has been at the forefront of education reforms in the country in recent years . Rote learning ? Shanghai 's outstanding performance defies preconceptions about China 's education system being based on rote learning , according to Schleicher . "  The biggest surprise from Shanghai ... was not that students did well on reproducing subject matter content but that they were very , very good in those higher order skills  that reflect  what you can do with what you know , " he said . Around one in four Shanghai students performed in the top two reading bands compared to the average with just under one in 10 . Jiang Xueqin , deputy principal at the Tsinghua University High School in Beijing , told CNN that Shanghai 's education system invests in teaching staff by offering training and high salaries . "  The teachers are very well-paid , very professional , " Jiang said . "  The Shanghai government will spend a lot of resources in making sure that each teacher is well trained , has opportunities to go abroad ,  and  has opportunities to learn from the best teachers . " Other countries whose performance improved in PISA this year , such as Brazil , Colombia and Poland , have implemented policies to raise the quality of teaching staff by increasing requirements for education licenses , providing incentives for high-achieving students to enter the profession and ongoing on-the-job training , according to the report . Jiang also told CNN that Shanghai 's success is a product of a culture that prioritizes academic achievements over other pursuits . "  A lot of it is that the students are engaged in learning . The parents , the students , the community are engaged in making sure their child succeeds , " he said .	Shanghai ranks first in math , reading and science among 15 - and 16-year-olds East Asian economies performed better than other regions in all three subjects The United States ranks below average for the 65 countries assessed Math scores have stalled or deteriorated in most countries
CNN  A California woman who was recording police activity said she was terrified when a deputy U.S. marshal walked toward her , grabbed her cell phone out of her hands and smashed it with his foot . The incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street . Beatriz Paez filed a complaint Wednesday with police in South Gate , just south of Los Angeles . However , the police do n't have authority over marshals . Paez is also considering a lawsuit . Paez said she was out walking Sunday when she noticed what looked like an arrest several houses up the street . She stood on the sidewalk , recording with her phone . The woman said marshals asked her to stop recording but she told them she had a right to do so . The second woman who was recording had focused on the interaction between Paez and the marshals , who Paez said told her to stop recording . At one point on the video you can hear Paez say , "  You 're making me feel unsafe . I have a right to be here . " Paez said she was a few homes away from the center of the police activity . In the video , an officer with a rifle walks in her direction . "  I was terrified . I was getting really scared , " she said . As he gets close , the marshal then runs a few steps toward her and wrestles the phone from her hands . Paez said he stomped on it then kicked it away . It is unclear what happened to the video she recorded . The U.S. Marshals Service said it is reviewing the incident . Janice Hahn , the U.S. representative for Paez 's district , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that she had written a letter to outgoing U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder . Hahn said she wants a federal investigation into the actions of the officer . She called the marshal 's actions illegal because Paez was n't hindering an investigation or arrest .	Beatriz Paez was walking Sunday when she saw police activity She says marshals told her to stop recording but she refused Marshals Service said it is looking into incident after man took her phone and smashed it
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- President Obama praised "  the father of your nation " Mahatma Gandhi and noted his influence on Martin Luther King and the non-violent resistance that typified the American civil rights movement in his address to the Indian Parliament Monday . "  I am mindful that I might not be standing before you today , as president of the United States , had it not been for Gandhi and the message he shared and inspired with America and the world , " the president said . Earlier at a joint news conference with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in India 's capital , New Delhi , Obama said the relationship between the United States and India is "  stronger , deeper and broader " than ever . The opportunities for cooperation between the nations will only grow as India gains economic power , Obama said . "  India is n't emerging . It has emerged , " the president said . He described a "  growing trust " between the two largest democracies in the world , as they work to boost trade . "  We make some of the best products in the world and we want to sell them to a growing Indian market , " Obama said . At the same time , those economic exchanges offer Indians the opportunity to build their businesses as well , he said , citing solar technology as an example for the potential to create jobs in the United States and India . "  We should n't be resorting to protectionist measures . We should n't be thinking of it as a one-way street , " added Obama , who said India is not an economic "  bogeyman . " Singh said likewise : "  India is not in the business of stealing jobs from the United States of America . " He called economic ties between the countries a win-win situation , as Obama did . On Saturday , the president unveiled about $ 10 billion in contracts for U.S. exports to India . It is Asia 's third-largest economy and one of the world 's few growth markets . Promoting broader trade relations with India is a delicate balancing act for Obama , given American frustration with the outsourcing of jobs to the country . India 's biggest challenge is infrastructure , said Singh , who said his country will need $ 1 trillion in infrastructure investments over the next five years . He expressed hope that United States will contribute toward that . He also lauded American technology , saying that India needs U.S. know-how in the civilian as well as military fields . Obama praised India 's military support , saying that it had contributed to the war in Afghanistan and efforts to leave terrorists no haven . The president and first lady Michelle Obama arrived New Delhi on Monday , with the prime minister greeting them on arrival . The Obamas had a full day of events scheduled , starting with a wreath-laying at a memorial for Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi and ending with a state dinner with Indian President Pratibha Devisingh Patil . In between , Obama is slated to address Parliament . The Obamas are on the third and final day of their visit to India . After India , Obama will travel to Indonesia , then to the G-20 meeting in South Korea and APEC  Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation  summit in Japan . The Obamas are on a 10-day Asian tour .	NEW : Gandhi inspired Martin Luther King , Obama says Trade between the nations is a two-way street , the president says "  India is n't emerging . It has emerged , " Obama adds On the trip , Obama has unveiled about $ 10 billion in contracts for U.S. exports to India
CNN  -- The brutal winter storm that caused havoc from Texas to Maine has paralyzed swaths of Kentucky , where officials are working to cope with what they say is the worst power outage in the state 's history . "  We are kind of in a state of emergency . It 's pretty bad , " said iReporter Dwight Stanley of Louisville , Kentucky . Andrew Melnykovych , spokesman for Kentucky 's Public Service Commission , said it is "  an indescribable mess everywhere . " Ice storms covered parts of the state Friday , with moderate snowstorms expected to continue into Saturday morning , the National Weather Service said . Temperatures that dipped into the teens on Friday are expected to rise to the upper 30s to lower 40s on Saturday , the weather service said . Larry Holeman , deputy emergency management director of rural Grayson County , called his hard-hit community "  a war zone . " The emergency reflects the challenges faced in states such as Kentucky , where many rural and remote regions struggle to keep warm and dry under dire weather conditions . Nine weather-related deaths have been reported , with two confirmed , said the office of Gov. Steve Beshear . A previously confirmed death has since been found to be unrelated to the weather . In western Louisville , three adults were found dead Friday morning of apparent carbon monoxide poisoning from a generator the family brought indoors , Mayor Jerry Abramson said . The deaths prompted authorities to issue a stern warning about the dangers of carbon monoxide . "  We 've lost three citizens because people were n't listening to the fire department when they look into the cameras and talk on the radios and say , ` listen up , carbon monoxide kills , ' " Abramson said in a press conference Friday afternoon . "  We ca n't talk enough about it . " The storm caused the largest power outage in Kentucky 's history , with more than 607,000 customers out of power . Watch residents of Grayson County , Kentucky , try to cope with outage " But Melnykovych said that while the state is saying 607,000 customers have lost power , he thinks the number is closer to 650,000 because the state figure comes only from utilities it regulates . When Hurricane Ike hit in September , 600,000 customers lost power . Melnykovych said the temperature was around 75 degrees and power outages were more of an "  inconvenience than a life-threatening situation . " iReport.com : Send your wintry weather photos , videos "  Hurricane Ike did n't have this kind of impact , " he said . Of the state 's 120 counties , 78 have declared emergencies . So have 47 cities , the governor 's office said . At least 113 emergency shelters have been opened . Jewel Tomes , who lives in Leitchfield , took shelter at a high school after a complex for the elderly lost power and was "  thrilled to have a place to come to . " "  The high school here was generous , and more than 500 people have been sheltered here , and we have had cots and blankets and three meals a day . And we had medication , " she said . Around 93,000 customers on 55 water systems remain without access to water because of outages and storm damage . Photos of storm 's impact " Crews across the state were working to clear roads of snow , ice and trees . A key concern is getting generators to water treatment facilities because of the large number of people without water . The Kentucky National Guard , which has had 620 soldiers on duty , is bolstering to 1,000 the number of soldiers aiding recovery efforts . Three of the battalions are headed to Paducah , Owensboro and Benton in the west and others are headed to other hard-hit spots . The state said the Federal Emergency Management Agency will operate out of a National Guard center in Frankfort . Beshear praised the Obama administration 's prompt reaction to the storm . "  They really hit the ground running , " he said . "  They 're working very hard to get all the equipment and supplies here that we need . " For a third day , Beshear on Friday visited regions of the state slammed by the storm . "  Western Kentucky has obviously been hit very badly by this storm , " Beshear said Friday . It 's the first ice storm for Debbie Pelissero , who moved to Lexington from San Diego in May . She took pictures of the "  peaceful and surreal " scenes for her California family . "  I never saw anything like it before . I 've never lived in anything like this , " she said , watching crews salt the road for the next expected storm . The newcomer is learning a basic principle about her new Kentucky home , uttered by the governor . Kentuckians , he said are "  a very resilient bunch . "	NEW : 3 die of carbon monoxide poisoning in Louisville , mayor says NEW : Moderate snowstorms expected to continue into Saturday Nine weather-related deaths have been reported , governor says More than 607,000 customers without power , state says
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi continued their hot goalscoring runs as Real Madrid and Barcelona moved ominously clear of their La Liga rivals in Spain on Saturday night . Ronaldo followed up his four strikes from last weekend with another two as Real came from behind to beat Hercules 3-1 and stay a point clear of second-placed champions Barcelona . Third-placed Villarreal trail Real by four points ahead of Sunday 's trip to Sporting Gijon . Real , held 0-0 by third-division Murcia in the Copa del Rey on Tuesday , looked like suffering another humiliation after going behind only three minutes into the game in Alicante -- the first time the Galacticos have trailed in Jose Mourinho 's first season as coach . Former France World Cup winner David Trezeguet headed home David Cortes ' right-wing cross to continue his good scoring run since joining from Italian club Juventus as promoted Hercules raised hopes of repeating their upset wins over Barca and Sevilla earlier this season . But Real 's depth in attacking strength finally told seven minutes after halftime , when Angel Di Maria followed up to equalize after goalkeeper Juan Calatayud failed to deal with Ronaldo 's long-range dipping shot . The world 's most expensive player wrapped up Real 's seventh win in nine league starts with two late goals in the space of three minutes . Both came after Mourinho took off central defender and introduced Karim Benzema , with Ronaldo pouncing from close range after the France forward 's shot was blocked by Calatayud . The Portugal forward then took his tally to 11 goals this season after Benzema broke down the right and cut back a perfect low pass . Messi has 14 goals in 12 appearances following his double in Barcelona 's 5-0 thrashing of 10-man Sevilla , who were left in sixth place -- nine points off the lead . The Argentina forward forced a shot home in the fourth minute as Sevilla struggled to keep Barca at bay , and netted a fine individual effort on 67 after winning the ball just inside the visitors ' half . Spain striker David Villa ended his recent goal drought as he also scored a double . The first came in the 24th minute as he collected Messi 's pass , cut in from the right and curled a superb shot into the far corner . The second was the last kick of the match -- a low , angled drive . Sevilla 's task became mammoth when French defender Abdoulay Konko was harshly sent off just before halftime , having received two bookings in the space of three minutes . Dani Alves extended Barcelona 's lead eight minutes after the interval with a superb opportunist effort as he anticipated Ivory Coast midfielder Romaric 's headed backpass and leaped to volley the ball over goalkeeper Javi Varas . In Saturday 's opening match , Valencia lost ground on the leading duo with a 1-1 draw at home to 10-man Real Zaragoza . Valencia , who host Scottish club Rangers in the Champions League on Tuesday , fell behind in just the second minute as Maurizio Lanzaro scored -- but the Italian defender put through his own net just before halftime . Zaragoza had second-half substitute Ander Herrera sent off in the 67th minute , but held on to move off the bottom on goal difference . In Italy , title hopefuls AC Milan suffered a 2-1 home defeat by injury-hit Juventus ahead of Wednesday 's crunch Champions League clash with Real . Alessandro Del Piero became his club 's record scorer on 179 with the second goal as fourth-placed Juve moved to within four points of leaders Lazio , who travel to Palermo on Sunday . Fabio Quagliarella headed the opener from Paolo De Ceglie 's 24th-minute cross , and Del Piero doubled the lead in the 65th minute before Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's late consolation . Third-placed Milan remain a point behind defending champions Inter , who beat Genoa 1-0 on Friday . In Saturday 's other Serie A game , AS Roma moved up to seventh place with a 2-0 win at home to Lecce , which saw both teams reduced to 10 men . Argentine defender Nicolas Burdisso and Montenegro forward Mirko Vucinic scored in the second half before teammate Francesco Totti and Lecce 's Ruben Olivera were sent off for fighting . Totti will now miss next weekend 's Rome derby clash with Lazio .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores another two goals as Real Madrid beat Hercules 3-1 It is the first time under coach Jose Mourinho that Real have gone behind Lionel Messi also scores twice as second-placed Barcelona thrash 10-man Sevilla Real 's Champions League rivals AC Milan lose 2-1 at home to Juventus
CNN  -- Federal authorities have seen no change in the number of illegal immigration checks sought by local Arizona police and allowed under a state law partly upheld by a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision , officials said Wednesday . In the first week after the high court upheld a portion of the controversial law , eight calls were made by Arizona law agencies inquiring into the immigration status of persons suspected of being in the United States illegally , said spokeswoman Amber Cargile of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Phoenix . Those eight phone calls "  resulted in the arrest of 38 aliens on immigration violations " between June 25 and July 2 , Cargile said . Texas uses license plate photos for enforcement Comparison figures to the recent past or a year ago were n't immediately available , "  but our staff reports they continue to receive what they describe as a normal volume of calls from state and local law enforcement agencies , " Cargile said in an e-mail response to a CNN inquiry . On June 25 , the U.S. Supreme Court struck down key parts of the Arizona law that sought to deter illegal immigration , but let stand the controversial provision allowing police to check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws if "  reasonable suspicion " exists that the person is in the United States illegally . Critics said that law opens the door to racial profiling . California Senate passes ` anti-Arizona ' bill The Phoenix Police Department and at least two sheriffs in Arizona told CNN that the law wo n't result in great change for their departments . But Tucson Police Chief Roberto Villasenor expressed concern in an interview after the ruling about whether his 950-officer agency has been dealt an "  impossible mandate . " The state law , SB 1070 , allows citizens to sue his department or others if they fail to enforce federal immigration laws , the chief said . "  Just for my agency , it will be a huge workload , just making the calls and waiting for a response on what to do , " the police chief of Arizona 's second-largest city said . "  I 'm not sure the federal government is capable of handling all the requests that they will be receiving , " Villasenor added . "  I do n't know what effect it will have on my agency . " Arizona rolls out ` show your papers ' law At a time when the Tucson Police Department is down 160 officers because of a weakened economy , the agency now must make up to 50,000 additional phone calls a year to federal officials to verify the immigration status of persons whom officers have stopped and have reason to believe are in the country illegally , Villasenor said . Just 70 miles from the Mexican border , the Tucson department may have to spend more than $ 10 million a year to book and jail up to 36,000 arrestees also suspected of being illegal immigrants , a more than 7 % increase to the agency 's $ 130 million budget , Villasenor said .	U.S. immigration officials receive eight calls in the week after U.S. Supreme Court ruling Those eight calls come from local Arizona police checking a person 's immigration status The high court upheld part of an Arizona law that allows for illegal immigration checks The eight calls are "  a normal volume " and resulted in 38 arrests , officials say
The digital revolution continues to have a huge impact on all aspects of modern life and home cooking is no exception . Cutting edge innovations are transforming our behavior in the kitchen . Here are six technologies and tools that are turning us into smart cooks . Tablets and mobile devices While we all love the feeling of buying and beholding a brand new cookbook , the wealth of recipes and cookery tips that can now be accessed online means that we are increasingly turning to our tech to find new content . Savvy chefs and publishers are ensuring that their recipes are available online in mobile and tablet friendly formats , appealing to today 's "  always on " consumers . Social media The proliferation of social platforms including Instagram , Pinterest , Twitter and Facebook have unleashed our sharing culture , making it easier to share recipes , foodie news and top hints and tips with our followers . In addition , social channels are making it possible for the public to interact with professional cooks and industry experts , in a more direct and immediate manner than ever before . YouTube videos are being used by chefs as a way of bringing recipes to life and bridging the gap between cookbooks and cookery classes . It 's now also possible to join in with live cookery demonstrations using Google Hangouts , allowing for even greater interaction between the pros and their audience at home . Google Glass Google Glass is a piece of wearable tech that could really shake things up in the kitchen . This smart eyewear has the ability to put users in the shoes of their favorite chefs , watching live or filmed tutorials as they cook . It also allows users to find and share recipes . The device is hands-free , making it ideal for the kitchen . The iSpoon With more and more of us following recipes on our tablets , the iSpoon kitchen stylus is a must for any contemporary kitchen . Cooks can now scroll through recipes and photos without getting their tablets dirty . The Prep Pad Described as a "  kitchen nutritionist , " Prep Pad is a smart food scale that connects with the iPad over Bluetooth to show the nutritional value of food . It offers a breakdown of calories , fat , protein , carbs and vitamins , helping users create balanced meals . The saucepans of the future Flare with Fin-X technology is the name of a new range of saucepans that claim to cook 40 % faster than traditional pans , thus saving both time and energy . We 're starting to see a large number of innovations being developed for the home kitchen . While some have been overdesigned , others serve a real purpose and are already becoming commonplace in the home . The important thing is to ensure that we are using new technologies and tools as a way of enhancing the cookery experience and not as a way of replacing the skill and fun of cooking . Used in combination with our natural senses and instincts , they really are a recipe for success . Hari Ghotra is founder and chief cookery officer of Hari Ghotra Ltd. .	Chef Hari Ghotra explores new digital innovations in home cookery Tablets and mobile devices are making their way into the kitchen , providing handy recipe hints Futuristic saucepans can cook food 40 % faster than our traditional utensils
CNN  -- A former police officer convicted of murdering his girlfriend and their unborn child tearfully apologized to her family Monday in front of the jury that will decide whether he lives or dies . Bobby Cutts Jr. weeps openly as his mother describes his childhood during a sentencing hearing . "  It was a nightmare that will continue to haunt me for the rest of my days , " said Bobby Cutts , Jr. , 30 , reading from a prepared statement at the penalty phase of his murder trial . "  Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , I 'm asking you to spare my life . " Cutts was convicted on February 15 of the murder of girlfriend Jessie Marie Davis and the aggravated murder of the unborn girl Davis had planned to name Chloe . Chloe 's slaying , which jurors found occurred during the commission of another crime , makes Cutts eligible for the death penalty "  To imagine that I was responsible for the death of Jessie , the mother of my children and my unborn daughter , is beyond any words that I can express , " Cutts said . "  Words can not bring them back , nor can they erase the pain I 've caused , but I want to apologize . " Watch Cutts ' tearful apology " He thanked Davis ' family for taking care of the other child he had with Davis . Blake was 2 1/2 at the time of his mother 's murder in June 2007 . "  I pray that you find peace and you someday find room for forgiveness , " he said . Earlier , Cutts ' mother , Renee , Jones , had told jurors , "  I do n't know what I would do without him . " She described Cutts as a former honor student who loved his job as a police officer . "  He was my firstborn , my only son , " Jones testified tearfully . "  He means so much to me , " she continued . "  He used to call me three , four times a day . " Watch Cutts react as his mother pleads for his life Cutts ' punishment is being decided by the same jury of six men and six women who found him guilty . All the jurors are white ; Cutts is African-American . Cutts ' sister , father and one of his school teachers also testified . Judge Charles E. Brown ordered jurors to return early Tuesday for attorneys ' closing arguments . When the arguments conclude , jurors will begin their deliberations . If jurors do not agree on the death penalty , Cutts could receive a possible sentence of life in prison without parole or become eligible for parole in 20 , 25 or 30 years . Jones , was the first witness called to the stand by the defense . She said her son was a good youngster who was active in sports , Scouts and his church . "  I never had any trouble out of him , " she said as Cutts teared up at the defense table . She said Cutts ' relationship with his father deteriorated after the parents split . A former teacher described Cutts as a social child given the nickname "  Gobble " by his classmates . He was helpful in class , often volunteering to pick stray crayons up from the floor . His father testified that he gave Cutts the nickname "  Gobble " because as an infant he resembled " a little Butterball turkey . " He said Cutts was a "  gifted child " in school . He blamed himself for the break up of his marriage , saying his drinking and gambling contributed to it . Cutts ' own personal life was rocky , according to testimony . Davis was nine months pregnant when she disappeared in June 2007 . Her body was found in a northeastern Ohio park after a 10-day search that brought national media attention He is Blake 's father , as well as the father of the unborn girl , Chloe . According to testimony , Cutts , 30 , rolled Davis ' body in a comforter and dumped it in a park , leaving toddler son Blake in the house alone at the crime scene in a soiled diaper . "  Mommy 's in the rug , " Blake told police , according to testimony . During the guilt phase of the trial , Cutts sobbed on the witness stand as he admitted killing Davis and Chloe . But Cutts insisted that their deaths were an accident . "  I did n't mean to hurt her , " Cutts testified , clasping a handful of tissues . "  This is n't real , " he said he kept telling himself . Prosecutors discounted Cutts ' story , claiming he buckled under the financial pressure of child support , killed the mother of his child and then created a cover story to try to get away with it . On the stand , Cutts said he went to pick up his son , Blake , and became agitated when Davis , 26 , was n't moving fast enough to get the boy ready . He said he tried to leave her house , but she grabbed him to keep him from leaving , and he accidentally elbowed her in the throat . Cutts told the jury he performed CPR on Davis and then tried to revive her with bleach . When he realized Davis was dead , Cutts said he panicked and put her in the back of his truck , so Blake would n't have to see his mother . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Ex-cop apologizes , asks jury to spare him Bobby Cutts Jr. faces the death penalty for murders of girlfriend , unborn child Cutts also could receive life sentence , with or without parole Same jury that found Cutts guilty is hearing penalty phase of trial
Atlanta  CNN  -- Authorities in Georgia are investigating the apparent homicide of a Georgia man who produced popular gun-related YouTube videos . Keith Ratliff was found shot in the head January 3 in his home-office in Carnesville , Georgia , about 80 miles northeast of Atlanta . Ratliff was co-owner of FPS Industries , whose website says it "  is proud to be world leaders in product development and testing for hard use firearms shooters . " Investigators from many agencies -- including the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives -- are investigating , and the GBI said Friday that they are making progress in identifying the shooter . Several guns were found at the scene , but none of them were used to shoot Ratliff , the GBI said in a news release . Ratliff 's YouTube channel had more than 530,000,000 views . Gun rights group says Georgia home invasion proves their point	Keith Ratliff produced popular gun-related YouTube videos He was found shot in the head in his home-office Authorities say they are making progress in identifying the shooter
CNN  -- It 's the kind of thing that seems to happen every day to innocent grandmas , teens and toddlers when they pass through the airport : Savannah Barry , a 16-year-old Type 1 diabetic , uses an insulin pump that can malfunction when exposed to technology used in airport screenings . When she passed through the Salt Lake City airport for a flight home to Denver in May , she asked for a pat-down , but Transportation Security Administration workers directed her to pass through a scanner . Her parents were n't there -- she was on a school trip -- but she trusted TSA agents to guide her . But the pump makers could no longer guarantee that Savannah was receiving the correct amount of insulin after it passed through the scanner , and it had to be replaced . Savannah 's story became another milestone in travelers ' collective loathing , annoyance and exasperation with the 50,000-person agency charged with protecting the nation 's transportation systems . Travel industry watchers say the mood toward the TSA is n't at its worst right now , but it 's at risk of getting there . Ten years since the agency 's creation -- and nearly 11 since the last major act of terrorism aboard a U.S. plane -- travelers still detest the TSA . While the TSA does n't count grumbles as fliers remove their shoes or leave behind oversized shampoo bottles , the number of complaints received by phone or e-mail has decreased , according to TSA data . The numbers this year are lower than in recent years past : 1,294 complaints total in March , the most recent month for which data are available . That 's down from a peak of 4,027 in May 2004 , the highest number since the TSA began to track and release complaint data eight years ago . Perhaps the most maligned parts of TSA security often get the lowest number of complaints . Screening procedures drew 1,960 complaints since January 2010 , and security checkpoint processing time got 2,484 complaints since then . Travelers ' stuff , it turns out , is the source of most complaints . Since the start of 2010 , the highest number of complaints -- 18,196 -- related to damage claims for checked bags , problems for which airlines and the TSA share liability .  It 's also the area that experienced the biggest decreases in recent complaint tallies .  In second place , at 10,187 , were complaints about treatment of personal property at security checkpoints . The mood toward the TSA is n't good , but it was worse in late 2010 , when the TSA began to deploy full-body scanners and pat-downs in airports , said National Geographic Traveler 's ombudsman and consumer advocate , Christopher Elliott . Back then , some declared "  We wo n't fly " or rallied behind the idea of National Opt-Out Day , which called for passengers to request pat-downs instead of going through the scanners on the busiest travel day of the year .  In the end , Opt-Out Day did n't disturb lines .  That November , a USA Today/Gallup poll found that 57 % of adult fliers were bothered or angered by security pat-downs , while 42 % felt that way about full-body scans . The outrage spawned a social media-fed genre of viral videos and stories about poorly handled TSA scans -- like Savannah Barry 's -- and grope-y pat-downs . Fliers were n't happy then , Elliott said , and he thinks the tension is bubbling again . "  People trust them until something happens , until they get a screener that makes them take their pants off or frisks them in a way they think is too invasive , " he said . The TSA is "  under pressure from Congress to do more with less . There are questions about the safety of the body scanners . There have been numerous misunderstandings between passengers and the  screeners  . All those things add up . " Air rage : Passengers ` quicker to snap ' Unofficial complaints about the TSA go way beyond frustration over wrapped holiday gifts and suspicious baked goods . Critics say it 's ineffective , inconsistent and unconstitutional ; that it 's not actually making travelers safer and creates a false sense of security ; that its officers are poorly trained , its equipment unsafe and its methods embarrassing . In May , an inspector general 's report said the TSA was n't adequately tracking or fixing airport security breaches . New this week , some complain it costs fliers too much . After 10 years with a security fee of $ 2.50 for passengers , the TSA wants to offset rising costs by boosting it to $ 5 for each leg of a trip . TSA officials said they 're trying to help their relationship with travelers by clearing up security do 's and do n'ts in a mobile app and allowing some direct contact through "  Blogger Bob " Burns . The agency wants to shorten waits and reduce invasive security checks by expanding PreCheck , a program that puts passengers who share more personal information on a fast-track through security screenings ; it will be in 35 of the country 's largest airports by the end of the year . For now , users are mostly frequent fliers invited to join , but the TSA said PreCheck will open up to military personnel , kids and people ages 75 and older . Airline squeeze : It 's not you , ` it 's the seat ' But does the TSA need to win any government agency popularity contests ? Does it make a difference if its customers do n't like it or if they trust it at all ? A difficult relationship with travelers might mean the TSA misses out on useful observations that could be shared by roughly 50 million passengers who pass through airport checkpoints every month . New York law enforcement has successfully relied on people 's observations and ingrained the idea in the public through the Metropolitan Transportation Authority 's now-familiar slogan , "  If you see something , say something . " The Department of Homeland Security launched its own ad campaign with the slogan last year , although it was n't aimed specifically at customers who come into contact with the TSA . "  The TSA had never really gotten the kind of traction we needed with our customers , " former TSA Administrator Kip Hawley wrote in his book , "  Permanent Emergency : Inside the TSA and the Fight for the Future of American Security , " published in April . "  Gaining the willful participation and support of the public would give us access to the largest and most dynamic network out there . " Security technologist Bruce Schneier said he 's not aware of data that link security to the relationship between the agency and its customers -- but it 's a good question . "  I believe the TSA is having a credibility problem , " he said . "  If you hate something , you 're going to have a worse time doing it . If people do n't trust something and hate it , then it goes less well . " A study published in Security Journal last year found that passengers in the United Kingdom had a higher opinion of whole-body scanners after they were presented with unbiased information about them , including risks and sample images . They found them fast and less intrusive than pat-downs . Not informing passengers about scanners can open the door to misinformation and critics , the study 's authors said , and hurt the long-term acceptance and legitimacy of airport security . What will make customers happy , though , depends on their complaints . Schneier said he 'd be happier if the TSA ran airport security that looked more like it did before September 11 , 2001 , before liquid bans , body scanners and shoe removal . He calls the TSA 's best-known processes "  security theater " but said there 's no political will to eliminate it . "  Everyone complains about the TSA , but nobody really wants to be on the hook for getting it wrong , " he said . The golden days of air travel : How glorious were they ? Elliott , the consumer advocate and author of "  Scammed : How to Save Your Money and Find Better Service in a World of Schemes , Swindles and Shady Deals , " said he 'd feel better about the TSA if it eliminated its Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response , or VIPR , teams at train stations and NFL games and instead stuck to airport security . When he 's in line to fly , he wants better explanations about TSA procedures and to know that more money is steered toward intelligence instead of "  unconstitutional " scans and pat-downs . "  It 's a matter of using billions of dollars in a smarter way , " he said . "  There 's always going to be people that say , ` If you take a step back , you 're going to create the next 9/11 . ' Those are paranoid voices , and they 're always going to be there . I have to listen to the rational voices that say we 've gone too far . " The Barry family in Denver wants TSA agents trained so everyone with a medical device or condition can make it through security checkpoints safely , said Sandra Barry , whose daughter 's insulin pump was replaced after its ill-fated trip through Salt Lake City 's airport . Barry said they respect that TSA officers are highly trained and low-paid and "  have an important job to do . " She can even understand why security officers wanted to send Savannah through the scanner : It was busy , scanners are quick , and the public usually is n't thrilled about security agents patting down teenage girls . But the Barry family is n't flying again until they 're confident their kids -- both of whom have Type 1 diabetes -- will have pumps that work beyond the checkpoint . Insulin pumps can cost $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 , Barry said , and it can be hard for pump users to switch back to injections . The family will be driving to their summer vacation destinations this year . The agency said last month that it would respond directly to the Barry family and that it regularly works with disability and medical condition advocacy groups to adapt screening procedures . Indeed , Barry said , they spoke with TSA officials on a conference call this week and are reviewing a proposal they hope will make flying easier for diabetics . So far , Barry said , the TSA has been slow but responsive . "  We could be their best advocate . This could be a total turnaround and nice PR for them , " Barry said . "  Right now , our relationship is really amicable , and we 'd like to keep it that way . "	Complaints to the Transportation Security Administration have dropped Industry observers say tension is bubbling , but feelings toward TSA were worse in 2010 Security technologist Bruce Schneier : "  I believe the TSA is having a credibility problem "
CNN  -- Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden will address the West in a new message , according to a banner ad from the group 's production wing posted on Islamist Web sites known to carry messages from al Qaeda and bin Laden . This image accompanied a message from Osama bin Laden in November . "  To the western nations , soon , God willing , A new speech by the Lion of Islam Sheikh Osama Bin laden , The reasons of the struggle in the 60th anniversary of the Israeli Occupation , " the banner reads . It was not known whether the message would be audio or video or when it might be posted . In the past , messages were available from an hour to two days after the initial posting . Bin Laden 's last message came March 20 , when in an audiotape he called Iraq "  the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate Palestine . " In an audiotape released the previous day , bin Laden condemned European countries for siding with the United States in Afghanistan and for allowing the publication of cartoons considered insulting to Islam 's prophet , Mohammed .	Banner ad on Islamist Web sites says al Qaeda leader will release message soon It is not known exactly when the message will come Bin Laden 's last communication was an audiotape released March 20
Everett , Washington  CNN  -- Sprawled out before us sits the exterior of the world 's biggest building by volume . They make airliners here . Big ones . "  Let 's go see some airplanes ! " says our Boeing VIP tour guide . I remind myself : This does n't happen very often . Yeah yeah yeah , Boeing offers public tours of this 98.3-acre airliner factory north of Seattle every day . This ai n't that . This is special . As part of a convention of aviation fans called Aviation Geek Fest , we 're gaining ultra-exclusive access to the factory FLOOR . The public tour is limited to the balcony . We 're about to walk knee-deep where Boeing gives birth to some of the world 's biggest and most advanced airliners , including the 747-8 Intercontinental , the 777 Worldliner and the 787 Dreamliner . Hot damn . But not so fast -- before we go inside , Boeing has laid down some rules : no photos , no video , for our eyes only . Here 's a painful development : Our smartphones have been confiscated . Gulp . I 'm already suffering from phantom phone pangs . We enter through a small , inconspicuous door marked S-1 . Suddenly , we 're surrounded by partly assembled airliners in a room so big it takes on the feeling of an entire world . In some spots , we gaze across an unobstructed view measuring a quarter-mile . This building is so flippin ' big that -- years ago -- it created its own inside weather patterns , including vapor clouds . They eliminated that by installing a special ventilation system . Today 's factory forecast : avgeeking , with continued avgeeking and a favorable chance of avgeeking later in the day . Here are a few cool tidbits : Jaw-dropping perspective The thrill of being so close to the planes literally stops you in your tracks . Seemingly everywhere you look there 's another five - or six-story-tall airplane towering over you . Some are covered with a green , protective temporary coating . One Dreamliner tail is painted with the familiar British Airways red , white and blue . Another sports New Zealand Air 's cool black-and-white . Boeing paints the tails before they 're attached to the planes . Then they carefully adjust the tails for balance . Paint adds hundreds of pounds of weight , which would ruin the plane 's balance if the tails were painted after being attached . Soon these behemoths will jet across vast oceans as they carry travelers to far-flung destinations . ` You 've got ta have secret clearance ' The planes ' huge fuselages are joined together with the help of a giant piece of equipment called a "  saddle . " This U-shaped metal cage straddles the top of the planes during the body-joining process . The "  Wing Build " area -- where workers attach wings to the planes -- is the loudest part of the entire facility . The staccato of rivet guns pierces the heavy air . Whooshing vacuums suck up any dust that may be created when workers drill into the planes ' lightweight carbon composite material . Security concerns in the plant are real . "  Conversation-restricted area , " says one sign . As we walk past a fenced-off zone , our guide quips , "  You 've got ta have secret clearance . I ca n't even go in there ! " The rock star engine Then , like a holy relic brought back from the Crusades -- Boeing lets us touch "  it . " By "  it " we mean the GE90-115B . Guinness calls it the most powerful commercially produced jet engine in the world . We gather around this rock star engine like thirsty travelers at a desert oasis , each taking turns running our hands across its silver exterior . The lip of the engine 's mouth feels rough , like it has countless scratches etched into it . That design , engineers discovered , helps reduce noise . This 19,000-pound monster hangs from the wing of a giant 777 , but the engine still looks humongous -- measuring more than 11 feet in diameter . In fact , Boeing says it 's so big you could fit the body of a 737 airliner inside it . "  There 's no way to sense the sheer size of an airplane without being right there underneath it , " says NYCAviation.com contributor Ben Granucci , enjoying his first Aviation Geek Fest . Engines like this make it possible for wide-body planes to fly long-distance routes nonstop with only two engines instead of three or four . In fact , the 777 flies many of the world 's longest nonstop routes . In 2005 it set the world distance record for a nonstop commercial airline flight , jetting 13,423 miles from Hong Kong eastbound to London in 22 hours , 22 minutes . The world 's top flying hauler Just a few hours earlier , a handful of aviation geeks were hanging out at a hotel next to Paine Field , the airport Boeing uses to test and deliver the factory 's planes . Then , Granucci tweeted out that the plane that hauls the most cargo by volume in the world just happened to be passing through . Count me in . Soon , a dozen camera-wielding geeks are lined up outside the hotel to welcome the Dreamlifter -- a modified 747 -- as it lumbers in for a landing . "  We 're gon na be late for breakfast , " says avgeek Steve Dillo as he snaps photo after photo . "  But this is worth it . " The thing roars like a lion , but it looks like a whale as it slows for touchdown . In the entire world , there are only four of these giant planes . Boeing uses them to ferry big sections of the 787 for final assembly here in Everett . Last year , when a Dreamlifter landed at the wrong airport in Kansas , it was n't exactly a stellar moment . The Avgeek News Network This is the fifth avgeek fest , co-sponsored by AirlineReporter.com and Everett 's Future of Flight Museum . The February convention drew a record 300-plus participants from 18 different states and three countries . Former GM and Toyota engineer Philip McKenzie , flew 8,000 miles from Melbourne , Australia , to see how "  things are laid out " in the factory . Vancouver Airport official Trevor Batstone traveled 100 miles from Canada . Who are these people -- these avgeeks ? What defines them ? "  It 's someone who always looks up in the sky when they hear a jet roar , " says Ryan Ewing , 14 , who runs airlinegeeks.com out of his Bethesda , Maryland , home . Ewing was right there in the thick of the geeks with his camera when the Dreamlifter came calling . The event was born from an aviation-obsessed online community that uses social media to organize and share information . Aviation news sites like Airchive , AirlineReporter , NYCAviation and AirlineGuys all share common friends , connections and interests . When news breaks , their informal social network sometimes challenges traditional news media . This month AirlineReporter and a few other aviation sites broke news about the hijacking of an Ethiopian Airlines 767 in Rome about 30 minutes before many "  legacy " news organizations , says AirlineReporter founder and editor-in-chief David Parker Brown . Boeing 's desire to connect with fans and fliers combined with the emerging power of the avgeek nation opened the doors to the exclusive Boeing tours , Brown says . "  Boeing has increasingly realized how smart and educated about aviation avgeeks are . " Baby Boeings The following day southeast of Seattle , Boeing opens up yet another factory for us to tour . This one is the birthplace of what Guinness calls the "  most produced large commercial jet in aviation history " -- the 737 . No public tours here . This is a tour for avgeeks and VIPs . "  Avgeeks love getting access to places that are off limits , " says Brown . "  It 's all about exclusivity . " Here 's some 737 tour trivia : -- This place creates 38 of the planes every month on a moving assembly line . And they 're pushing to increase that rate . "  Even though we joke that the 737 is the ` Baby Boeing , ' it 's still a large and complex machine , " says Granucci . "  It requires precision to put it together . The fact that you can perform such precise work on a moving target -- I find that to be incredible . " -- The facility receives pre-assembled fuselages by train from a factory in Wichita , Kansas . -- Workers attach wings to the fuselages . It takes about nine hours to put wings on a 737 . -- The planes also get "  winglets " -- the tiny , upward pointing wings you see on the wingtips of 737s and other airliners . These doodads reduce drag on the plane and make it more fuel efficient -- by about 4 % . -- Workers install seats on the planes by using a loading machine they call a "  hay baler . " -- In an operation called "  high blow , " Boeing tests each plane 's passenger cabin for possible leaks during pressurization . The procedure includes putting people inside the planes to listen for leaks . -- Each 737 is made up of 42 miles of wire and 394,000 separate parts -- If there 's a problem on the assembly line , workers activate a purple flashing light -- alerting others that they need help . "  Blinking purple is bad for us here , " says Christian Ofsthus , a Boeing senior manager . "  If there 's something wrong , something does n't fit , we need to do something about that . " As the tour ends , we wind through an employee diner named for the World War II symbol Rosie the Riveter , and file back onto our bus . Driving off the property , we spot a train loaded with brand new wingless 737 fuselages headed to the factory behind us . That triggers spontaneous applause and scattered whoops throughout the bus . Well , you just ca n't get any geekier than that . "  That is so cool , " I hear someone say . "  Yeah , " said someone else , "  baby planes ! "	Boeing allowed aviation fans unique factory access during a February convention "  Avgeeks " toured factories for 737 , 747 , 777 and 787 Dreamliner Growing avgeek community challenges legacy news media
CNN  -- As it continued its northward retreat , the arctic blast still held sway over the upper Midwest , where it bore down with below-zero lows early Thursday . This should be its last stand in the United States , as temperatures bump up day by day , the National Weather Service said . Minnesota 's coldest spots were forecast to plunge to as low as minus-30 degrees Fahrenheit with a frost-biting wind chill factor near 40 below . Most of the nation should drop below freezing overnight , according to the NWS . Pipe bombs The polar vortex left behind ticking time bombs of sorts , and as it gives way to warmer weather , they are going off . Pipes that froze and cracked are unfreezing , and plumbers and fire crews are rushing to stop the gushing water leaks , CNN affiliates are reporting . The spurts caused some serious damage to homes and businesses and flooded streets . Leaking pipes that broke during the freeze closed down a 30-story office building in Kansas City , Missouri , after its basement flooded , taking down central electrical circuits , KMBC reported . More than 50 apartments were damaged when pipes broke in a building in Chattanooga , Tennessee . Phones rang hot at plumbing companies from Memphis to Decatur , Alabama . "  Good for business . Bad for sleep , " Decatur plumber Chris Byrd told WAAY . "  It 's about a once-every-10-year event we get something like this . " It 's so cold , humor edition Slippery slopes The changing weather is laying down thin ice patches from western Tennessee to eastern Kansas and Oklahoma , the weather service warns . As warmer air moves in , it is bringing rain , drizzle and fog , which are bumping up against temperatures still below freezing . The result is what the NWS calls a "  wintry mix " -- everything from freezing fog to snow . It will ice over streets , but slicken bridges and overpasses in particular and possibly tear down some power lines , the weather service said . It 's another nasty leftover from the polar vortex , which authorities have blamed for as many as 23 deaths across six states .	The upper Midwest still sees lows around minus-20 The low is below freezing in most of the nation Pipes are thawing and bursting , damaging homes and businesses The changing weather is laying down a slick spot from the Midsouth to Oklahoma
The Japanese parliament elected Shinzo Abe as prime minister Wednesday , giving him a second chance at the same job five years after he resigned abruptly . Abe , 58 , is the nation 's seventh prime minister in six years . He started the revolving door of prime ministers by resigning in 2007 , just one year into the job . The leader of the Liberal Democratic Party has vowed to boost the economy and defend Japanese interests , including territorial disputes with China over a group of islands . Read more : Japanese politicians vie for votes amid turmoil Asia 's first and second largest economies have been embroiled in a trade dispute over the islands in the East China Sea . Both nations claim the islands . China was outraged when Japan nationalized the islands in September . In retaliation , Chinese consumers slowed their purchases of Japanese products , dropping Tokyo 's exports to China by more than 14 % that month . Read more : Japan dissolves lower house of parliament , sets stage for election Some investors believe the second coming of Abe will be good for Japan 's equity markets . "  Investors are pricing in ... much greater monetary easing , " said Ben Collett , head of Japanese equities at Louis Capital Markets in Hong Kong . In November , Abe called for unlimited monetary easing to jumpstart the economy . He also urged the Bank of Japan to raise its current 1 % inflation goal to as much as 3 % . Since then , investors betting on an Abe administration have pushed the Tokyo Nikkei up by more than 10 % . Read more : In cabinet revamp , Japan 's Noda brings in woman with China ties Then there 's the question of how Japan powers itself amid the backlash against nuclear energy following the meltdown of Fukushima nuclear reactors . The reactors melted after a powerful earthquake and tsunami in March last year . Abe 's party has called for safety tests on all nuclear plants over the next three years . Those that pass should be brought back online , he has said . He 'll also have to deal with the enduring task of cleaning up communities shattered by the earthquake and tsunami , and contend with local anger that the recovery seems to have stalled . Former Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda stepped down as party president after exit polls showed a smashing loss in lower house voting . His Democratic Party of Japan , once seen as a breath of fresh air , was considered increasingly ineffective . Noda conceded defeat in parliamentary elections , signaling the return to power of the conservative Liberal Democratic Party that ruled the country almost continuously since its establishment in 1955 . It was forced from power three years ago by Noda 's party . Abe is inheriting a struggling economy , regional tensions and questions over Japan 's role in Asia . "  The economy is at the bottom . It 's our first mission to turn it around , " he said . The new prime minister said though he plans to take a strong stand with China and its other neighbors , he also seek to improve relations with Beijing . Since assuming power last year , the outgoing prime minister struggled to contend with the country 's economic struggles .	"  The economy is at the bottom . It 's our first mission to turn it around , " Shinzo Abe says Abe , 58 , is the nation 's seventh prime minister in six years He faces a major task of reviving the economy and making a decision on nuclear power
CNN  The president of Sierra Leone has an idea on how to curtail the spread of Ebola : Get everybody to stay inside . President Ernest Bai Koroma on Saturday launched a campaign called "  Zero Ebola , " in which almost all Sierra Leoneans are supposed to stay indoors March 27-29 and from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. on three consecutive Saturdays -- April 4 , 11 and 18 . "  The campaign will provide an opportunity for communities to be directly involved in the drive to zero cases , to reflect and to pray for the eradication of this disease from our country , " he said in a statement . Sierra Leona tried a three-day lockdown last September in what was primarily an informational campaign , with volunteers going door-to-door to talk with residents about the virus . In August , the Liberian government locked down one of the poorest neighborhoods in the capital of Monrovia in an attempt to stop the spread of the virus . The move resulted in riots . No commercial activity is supposed to occur during the upcoming lockdown , Koroma said . Because March 29 is Palm Sunday , church services will be allowed from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Health workers , journalists and public safety officers are exempted . Koroma noted that his country has made "  tremendous progress " in the fight against the deadly disease as the Ministry of Health reported zero new infections Friday . He warned that the rate of transmissions may increase during the upcoming rainy season . "  The economic development of our country and the lives of our people continue to be threatened by the ongoing presence of Ebola in Sierra Leone , " he said . "  The future of our country and the aspirations of our children are at stake . " During Sierra Leone 's lockdown last year , Doctors Without Borders said such an effort is unlikely to stop the spread of the disease . "  Large-scale coercive measures like forced quarantines and lockdowns are driving people underground and jeopardizing the trust between people and health providers , " the charity group said in a statement . "  This is leading to the concealment of cases and is pushing the sick away from health systems . " Sierra Leone has the largest number of confirmed Ebola cases -- 11,751 so far , according to the World Health Organization . WHO says Liberia has the highest number of deaths -- 4,264 . So far , 10,194 have died from Ebola and 24,701 have been infected , according to WHO . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person . The National Institutes for Health said Thursday it will admit an American health care worker with Ebola to its Maryland hospital . The person was volunteering at an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said last Tuesday that 15 American aid workers who had high-risk exposure to Ebola in Sierra Leone have arrived back in the United States for monitoring . None is known to be infected with the disease . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Sierra Leone president orders 3-day national lockdown as part of efforts to stop the spread of Ebola Sierra Leoneans are asked to stay home March 27-29 and from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. April 4 , 11 and 18
You wonder what a visitor from outer space -- or a visitor from the future -- would make of it . It 's a scene we take for granted -- six days a week , it has been a routine part of life in every city , town and village in the United States . A man or a woman , carrying a satchel , walks from house to house , from apartment building to apartment building . No one has summoned the person with the satchel ; he or she is expected to show up each day without being asked . It 's the postal carrier . And because the presence of the postal carrier has for so long been such a familiar sight , perhaps only that visitor from outer space or from the future would be startled by what he was observing : The sight of other people also outdoors , all over town , communicating instantly with each other at the touch of a button , smiling and looking down at the little screens in their palms -- grinning at the through-the-air responses they 're receiving from friends , tapping at the screens to reply anew . Words flying from person to person , nonstop , on the go . As , meanwhile , on those same sidewalks , the men and women with the satchels weave their way through the people with the screens , on their appointed rounds to deliver words by hand . The visitor from space , or from a future century , might think this scene -- mailbag luggers walking amid screen tappers -- is like witnessing ox carts amid hovercraft . As might an efficiency expert , or a business consultant . Which summarizes the continuing headache faced by officials in charge of the United States Postal Service . The price of a first-class stamp is going up again in the new year : On January 26 , it will increase by three cents , to 49 cents per letter . Federal regulators last week approved the rise on an allegedly temporary basis -- the higher rate is supposed to last for no more than two years -- but no one really expects it to go back down . The Postal Service reports that it lost $ 5 billion in the last fiscal year -- and this is being presented as good news . The year before , it lost almost $ 16 billion . But there are fewer and fewer envelopes in those satchels , so each stamp will come with a higher price tag ; the billions of dollars the Postal Service is required to pay each year to pre-fund health care for future retirees is a burden heavier than anything that would fit into a mail sack . Yet there are reasons to hope that the Postal Service finds a way to stay around for a very long time . The Postal Service , like UPS , FedEx and other private delivery companies , is a stand-alone business . It is expected to sustain itself ; it does not depend on tax money . But , unlike UPS and FedEx , the Postal Service must go to Congress to get explicit approval for the rates it charges , and for many of the rules under which it operates . This is why it costs the same amount to send a letter across the country as it does to send a letter to the next town . This is why mail service is universal -- why those carriers are required to show up each day at virtually every address in the United States . Forty-nine cents may seem like a lot to mail a first-class letter . But if the Postal Service were to collapse under financial pressures and competition from digital means of communication -- if the Postal Service had to throw in the towel -- do you really think that UPS or FedEx or some other courier service would take your envelope across the country for 49 cents ? Over the Christmas holiday , the failures by UPS and FedEx to get packages to some customers on time were prominent in the news . As efficient as UPS and FedEx usually are , the existence and ubiquity of the Postal Service has a lot to do with what keeps them on their toes . Their business model is : We cost more than the Postal Service , but because of that you can count on us to be reliable and accountable to you . If the Postal Service were to go away -- if that check on the other carriers , that extra impetus for them to excel , were to be removed -- what would the impact be on customers and businesses ? Could or would the other carriers pick up the slack , at a price that did n't dismay people ? One hopeful sign for the Postal Service has come from an unlikely source : Jeff Bezos , the founder of Amazon . Amazon has announced that it will be delivering its packages on Sundays -- and that to deliver those packages it has arranged to use employees of the Postal Service . The Postal Service has said that it is glad to have the business . It without question can use the revenue . Can daily delivery of mail continue forever in a digital world ? It 's difficult to imagine how . In Canada , the postal service has informed citizens that , over the next five years , it will stop all door-to-door delivery of letters and concentrate on delivering packages . Most Canadians are already asked to pick up letters at community mailbox clusters in neighborhoods or apartment buildings ; soon , everyone will . It 's the future . Universal , inexpensive mail delivery in the United States has been one of the miracles of the nation 's long story ; if someone were assigned to build a system like it from scratch today -- carriers reporting to every U.S. address , six days a week , to drop off mail and see if there is any mail to go out , all for pocket change -- that person would have to concede : It ca n't be done . But it was done , and , for now , it 's still here . For those who , in the digital era , casually say that they 'd be just as happy if the Postal Service were to simply disappear : Be careful what you wish for .	Bob Greene : Delivering letters seems from another time in age of text messages , e-mails Postal Service needs to raise the cost of a stamp because of declining income Greene : Yet , what private company would take a letter across country for 49 cents ? Greene : If Postal Service did n't exist , what would effect be on UPS , FedEx ?
CNN  -- Nearly 2,000 miles from Haiti , there 's a ripple effect from the earthquake that devastated the country on January 12 . U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents have arrested 140 Haitian men and women who have crossed the border from Canada into Vermont since late January . Many had gone to Canada well before the earthquake to seek asylum , and thought they could take advantage of a relaxed U.S. policy on deporting Haitians . "  One of the things that 's happening is that some of these individuals that have previously been either deported or ordered deported and are looking for refuge in Canada , have entered Canada illegally , are now looking to come back into the U.S. and possibly take advantage of the temporary protected status that our government has given , " said David Aguilar , acting deputy commissioner at U.S. Customs and Border Protection . That temporary protected status allows Haitians who were in the United States at the time of the earthquake to stay longer , regardless of whether they were in the country legally or not . But the policy does not protect Haitians illegally entering the country now . "  We are going to apprehend them , " said Aguilar . "  These are people that should not have come into this country and applied for a program that they do not benefit from . " That message was likely lost in translation , said David Watts , a court-appointed attorney for three Haitians charged with illegal entry and jailed . "  I think there 's no doubt that there was some confusion , " Watts said . "  None of them have immigration lawyers , they 're relying on the word on the street and the word in the community . " One of the men Watts represents is Arry Seguin , whose story is not uncommon . Seguin was living in the Haitian community in Montreal after going to Canada in 2008 to seek asylum . Until then , he had been living in Florida with his wife and two children , now ages 6 and 2 . Seguin left the United States after losing appeals to stay . His wife , Louizette , a naturalized citizen , lives in a cramped apartment in Lantana , Florida , and does n't understand why her husband ca n't join her . "  You see , everything is a mess without him . Nothing is working well without him , " she says . She says she struggles to take care of her children , but she is also getting calls from relatives in Haiti who are desperate for help . It 's the reason she believes her husband tried to return to Florida . He never made it far beyond the Canadian-Vermont border and was arrested in the early morning hours of March 21 . Because Seguin does n't have a criminal record , his lawyer was able to reach a settlement with prosecutors . For now , Seguin will be eligible to stay in the United States under supervised release , checking in with immigration authorities . It will be up to a judge to decide if that happens . Watts expects his client will released from jail soon . While Seguin will eventually face deportation , Watts says the goal is to return him to his family to weather their immediate personal crisis . "  So he will have achieved his goal , but for the fact that he 's spent an awful lot of time in jail , " Watts said . "  It would have been better , given what actually happened , if he had been able to come back and help sooner . " Taking the risk of getting caught was in the cards , says Chrissy Etienne , who works as an interpreter for the Haitian men and women who 've been arrested . Etienne is a Haitian native living in Burlington , Vermont , having recently graduated from Middlebury College . Because she speaks Creole , she had signed up to be a translator and was stunned when attorneys called in February asking for help . Since then , her phone has n't stopped ringing and she 's met with dozens of Haitians who 've been arrested , meeting them either in prison or in court . "  I think some thought there is a great chance I will get caught , " says Etienne . "  I think some expected to get caught . I think it was get to the U.S. at all costs , get to my family at all costs . " "  I think that it is connected to the earthquake , " says Etienne . "  When you lose your home , when you lose Haiti as a whole . What is left ? " Giving a voice to the arrested Haitians , she said , has been tough since she is restrained in what she can do . Etienne describes a common scenario with the men and women she deals with , saying , "  There is that , that wish for a system that is more personal . Could n't I just explain this to a judge ? To someone ? That I am not a criminal . That I have no background or criminal background . I am just trying to get to my family . Is n't there someone who is going to believe that story ? And who is going to hear me ? "  And there is that moment where ... I know what the attorney is going to say and I have to relate it with that same sort of calm , collected feeling , but I am also watching someone fall apart . "	140 Haitians have crossed the U.S.-Canada border since the Haiti earthquake Some Haitians are seeking refuge based on a U.S. policy revised post-quake One refugee 's attorney says his client is confused and just wants to be with his family
CNN  -- Mariam Khaowleh moans softly as the nurse gently removes the straw from her raw lips . Her entire body is covered in bandages . Mariam , a Syrian refugee , in her 40s , a mother of four , her wounds not a product of the violence raging in her homeland , but self-inflicted . Mariam 's husband , Ahmad al-Daher , peers into the room from behind the glass , shock and sorrow lining his face as he listens to the woman whose smile he fell in love with 24 years ago . "  I chose death , I chose death rather than seeing my children die a million times in front of me , " she says , speaking to us through the intercom . Only medical staff are allowed inside the room . "  It 's hard , it 's hard for a mother to want to feed her children . They burned my heart , they burned my heart before they burned my body . I was like an insect to them . " Targeted aid Mariam 's story of frustration , humiliation , desperation mirrors that of countless other refugees . But so deep was her agony that something inside this woman -- described as being strong , eloquent -- must have snapped . Mariam and her family fled to Lebanon from the Syrian city of Homs nearly two years ago . Life as a refugee was hard , making ends meet always a struggle especially putting the children -- aged 13 to 22 -- into school and university . Three of Mariam and Ahmad 's four children have a blood disease which makes it difficult to digest certain foods and can lead to hemolytic anemia . The family relied on aid to get by , but about six months ago the UNHCR and World Food Programme conducted a vulnerability assessment and concluded that around 30 % of refugees can meet their own needs . That resulted in a targeted aid campaign , and Mariam 's family was excluded . There is a process to appeal the exclusion , which Mariam 's family says is why she made repeated visits to a UNHCR registration center in Tripoli . "  I went to them over and over , I said you must have made a mistake . " She tells us . "  They lied to me , they mocked me , they shouted at me , get out of here . " "  I said to them if you do n't give me anything where am I going to get it from ? " Mariam continues . "  I am going to set myself on fire , how am I going to feed my children ? Feel my pain , feel what 's in my heart , feel that I have four children . " Mariam torched herself . Eyewitnesses say she arrived outside the registration center , exchanged a few words with someone before dousing herself in gasoline . Within seconds she went up in flames . "  She fell to the ground and just started burning , " one of the men who runs a food stall recalls . U.N. response CNN spoke to U.N. personnel at the center and guards outside . They told us Mariam had not been mistreated . Still , the U.N. says it takes these allegations very seriously and is looking into them . Mariam does have a protection file with UNHCR and in January an assessment was done regarding her children 's medical condition , but they have no record of her appeal . UNHCR says the family was also offered resettlement into communal housing , which they refused , saying they feared for their daughters ' safety among strangers . The U.N. is also following up on the family 's eligibility for re-inclusion in the food program and covering all of Mariam 's medical costs . "  I am a mother , my children were getting dizzy from the lack of food , one said I ca n't lift my head , the other said I ca n't move my legs " Mariam recalls , regret for her actions compounding her already penetrating physical and emotional pain . "  My heart burns for my children . I hope that God forgives me , I want my voice to reach all the mothers , each person who has a conscience , " she pleads . "  I want my children to be independent , I worked very hard for their education , I worked a lot in this life for them to be able to reach university . " Ahmad , her husband , wipes his eyes and turns away as she says she does n't want her children to see her like this . She wants them to remember her the way she was . Number of Syrian refugees in Lebanon passes 1 million , U.N. says	Mariam Khaowleh , her husband and their family fled to Lebanon from their home in Homs , Syria Three of their four children have a blood disease that makes it difficult to digest certain foods After they were excluded from targeted food aid Mariam says it was hard to feed her family She says she appealed for but was denied re-inclusion and finally set herself alight
CNN  -- Evangelist Tony Alamo was arrested Thursday in Flagstaff , Arizona , on charges related to a child porn investigation , an FBI spokesman said . The 74-year-old founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries was arrested without incident at 2:45 p.m.  4:45 p.m. ET  as he was departing the Little America Hotel with his wife , said Manuel Johnson , spokesman for the FBI in Phoenix , Arizona . The FBI , the Flagstaff Police Department and the Arizona Department of Public Safety were involved in the arrest , he said . Alamo was charged under a federal statute with having knowingly transported a minor across state lines with the intent to engage in sexual activity , Johnson said . Alamo , whose real name is Bernie Hoffman , was taken to Coconino County Jail in Flagstaff , where he is to have an initial appearance Friday in federal magistrate court , Johnson said . Over the weekend , about 100 federal and state agents authorities raided Alamo 's 15-acre compound near Texarkana , Arkansas , and took six children into temporary custody . The children were interviewed as part of a two-year investigation into Tony Alamo Christian Ministries to determine whether they were physically or sexually abused , said Bill Sadler of the Arkansas State Police . Alamo , reached by phone Saturday in Los Angeles , California , denied any wrongdoing . "  It 's a hoax , " Alamo said . "  They 're just trying to make our church look evil ... by saying I 'm a pornographer . Saying that I rape little children . ... I love children . I do n't abuse them . Never have . Never will . " Asked why authorities were searching the property , Alamo compared himself to Christ . "  Why were they after Jesus ? " he asked . "  It 's the same reason . Jesus is living within me . "	FBI : Founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries arrested Thursday Alamo charged with transporting a minor across state lines to engage in sex Federal and state agents raided Alamo 's 15-acre compound Alamo called the investigation "  a hoax " and likened himself to Jesus
CNN  -- Is the world of Formula One ready for Senna v Prost : The Sequel ? Mercedes teammates Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg 's battle for the 2014 championship is drawing tantalizing comparisons with the sport 's most famous rivalry between former McLaren pairing Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost . The Mercedes duo fell out at last week 's Monaco Grand Prix and will go wheel-to-wheel again at Sunday 's Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal with the wounds still sore . But the Mercedes team is keeping a cool head with executive director Toto Wolff confident he can stop any drama between his drivers getting out of hand . "  It is an intense relationship but this intensity is normal , " Wolff told the Mercedes F1 team website . "  They are both competitive guys and they are fighting for a world championship . "  There have been a lot of comparisons to the Senna / Prost scenario , which is a kind of compliment to both Lewis and Nico . "  The racing philosophy of Mercedes is to allow our drivers to compete ; we let the boys play with their toys , unless they break them . "  It can be pretty tense when they are racing so hard but the drivers know we will not tolerate any incident . "  It 's a job , not a holiday and the drivers need to work with and for the team first of all . " Hamilton struggled to hide his frustration in Monaco after Rosberg 's error in qualifying prevented him from setting a quick time on his final lap . The German went on to win the race , where it is difficult to overtake , from pole position to retake the lead in the world championship . After the controversy , Hamilton suggested their teenage friendship was in danger of fracturing into Senna and Prost 's acrimonious relationship . "  I quite like the way Senna dealt with it so I 'm going to take a page out of his book , " the British 2008 world champion told BBC radio . Senna and Prost dueled for the F1 world championship as McLaren teammates in 1988 and 1989 . Prost , nicknamed "  Le Professeur " for his cool , calculated approach accused his more passionate Brazilian teammate of forcing him off the road on more than one occasion . But despite their fierce rivalry , Prost and the late Senna respected each other as uniquely talented opposites who pushed each other to the limit to help them win seven world titles between them . Ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal , Hamilton has moved to ease any angst with Rosberg . He posted a photo of himself and Rosberg on his Twitter page along with the message : "  We 've been friends a long time and as friends we have our ups and downs . "  Today we spoke and we 're cool , still friends . " The 2008 world champion wrote Tuesday : "  We all stumble in life but it is how we get back up that defines us ! #ican #iwill #nevergiveup #TeamLH . " Hamilton and Rosberg have been buddies since their teenage karting days and were often roommates on the junior racing circuit . But with the best car in F1 at their fingertips this season , the 2014 world title is a very real prospect for one of the Mercedes drivers , and that sort of prize can test even the most enduring friendships . Rosberg , who has never won a world title , leads 2008 winner Hamilton by four points in the drivers ' championship ahead of the seventh race of the season . "  I now have the lead , which is great , " Rosberg told the Mercedes F1 website . "  But it 's still very early days and it 's going to continue to be an extremely tight battle between us this year . " The tighter the title chase , the looser their ties of friendship might just become .	Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg 's fight for 2014 F1 title echoes Senna-Prost rivalry Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost 's title fights for McLaren in 1988 and 1989 were famously fierce Mercedes say its policy is to let both drivers race -- but the team must come first Hamilton says he and Rosberg are "  still friends " after the pair fell out at Monaco Grand Prix
CNN  -- David Villa continued his remarkable scoring run against Deportivo La Coruna as Spanish champions Barcelona won 4-0 on Saturday night to move five points clear in La Liga . The Spain striker reached the milestone of 150 career league goals as he notched his 11th in 14 encounters with the Galicians . Lionel Messi made it 2-0 in the second half with a superb free-kick before late strikes from Andres Iniesta and Pedro put more pressure on Real Madrid , who host third-placed Villarreal on Sunday night . Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola rested Xavi , Sergio Busquets and Daniel Alves ahead of Wednesday 's Spanish Cup quarterfinal first-leg against second division Real Betis , giving midfielders Javier Mascherano and Seydou Keita a rare start along with Brazilian Adriano at fullback . Who is the world 's best footballer ? Xavi is one of three players on an all-Barcelona shortlist vying to win the inaugural FIFA Ballon d'Or award for the world 's best player on Monday along with Messi and World Cup hero Iniesta . Mascherano was involved in the opening goal in the 26th minute as he threaded a pass to Messi , who found Villa in space in the penalty area and the former Valencia star fired a shot under the body of goalkeeper Daniel Aranzubia . It was Villa 's 12th goal in the league this season and his 14th overall . He has some way to go to match Messi , who curled his 18th of the La Liga campaign past a bemused Aranzubia in the 51st minute . Iniesta cut in from the right to lash in a fierce left-foot shot with 10 minutes to go for his fifth league goal this season , and barely 60 seconds later winger Pedro pounced for his ninth and 14th overall . In the first half , French fullback Eric Abidal thought he had followed up his first goal for Barca in the midweek cup draw at Athletic Bilbao but was flagged for offside to deny him just a third career strike . The result left Deportivo , who had conceded only five goals in eight previous home games this season , in 12th place on 21 points after 18 rounds . Sevilla moved up to ninth place with a 3-2 win at Real Sociedad , who suffered a fourth successive defeat . Two goals in three second-half minutes turned the match as the visitors came from 1-0 and 2-1 down , with Fredi Kanoute netting twice and strike partner Luis Fabiano scoring the other . Diego Rivas gave Sociedad the lead in the 23rd minute with a right-foot shot from the edge of the penalty area , but Kanoute leveled two minutes later with a volley from Fabiano 's header down following a lofted corner . Joseba Llorente caught out the Sevilla defense just before halftime as he won the race to a speculative long clearance and poked in a volley , but Fabiano stabbed home from close range on 63 for his fifth league goal of the season . He had been set up by Alvaro Negredo , brought on as a third forward , and the former Real Madrid player was also a provider for Kanoute 's winner as the Malian calmly slotted in the winner off the near post . Athletic Bilbao snatched a last-gasp equalizer to earn a 1-1 draw at Malaga which left the Basque club on 26 points with Sevilla and Getafe -- only five points off the top four . Malaga 's Argentine defender Martin Demichelis headed an 80th-minute opener on his first appearance since signing from Bayern Munich , but Spain midfielder Javi Martinez struck at the end to leave the hosts just four points above the bottom three .	Barcelona striker David Villa scores the 150th La Liga goal of his career Spain international nets opening goal of 4-0 victory at Deportivo La Coruna Lionel Messi , Andres Iniesta and Pedro also on target for league leaders Sevilla move up to ninth with 3-2 win at Sociedad while Bilbao snatch draw with Malaga
CNN  -- What a week it 's been for Formula One ace Nico Rosberg . A new wife , a World Cup win for his beloved German football team and now a new contract with the Mercedes team . Rosberg heads to his home grand prix in Germany this weekend on cloud nine -- and still leading the 2014 world championship by four points from Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton . First came the wedding , as the 29-year-old married childhood sweetheart Vivian Sibold in Monaco last week . The celebrations carried on as Rosberg enjoyed a rare race free Sunday by watching Germany defeat Argentina to lift the World Cup for a fourth time . The Mercedes driver -- who had sportingly invited French Lotus driver Romain Grosjean to watch Germany defeat France in the quarterfinals after qualifying for the British Grand Prix -- plans to mark Germany 's triumph with a special helmet for his homecoming race . He will race around Hockenheim with football 's World Cup trophy at the centerpiece of a black , yellow and red design . Rosberg , the son of 1982 F1 world champion Keke , also goes to Germany with a multi-year contract extension in his back pocket . The former Williams racer , who joined Mercedes when the Silver Arrows returned to the sport in 2010 , has signed on for an unspecified number of seasons . "  I 'm looking forward to the next years together , " said Rosberg , who has raced to six victories with the German team . "  We will keep pushing to win even more races -- and hopefully championships . " Mercedes motorsport chief Toto Wolff said : "  Nico 's speed , commitment and focus have all helped to give clear direction and to drive the team forward since 2010 . "  With his performances in 2014 , Nico has demonstrated to the outside world what we already knew in the team ; that he is one of the very top drivers in Formula One . " Rosberg made his F1 debut with Williams in 2006 but his reputation has grown at Mercedes , particularly as he proved equal to the sport 's seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher during their three years as teammates . Since replacing Schumacher in 2013 , Lewis Hamilton has provided another benchmark for Rosberg to measure himself against . The English 2008 world champion is generally perceived to be the quicker driver but Rosberg has shown in 2014 that he is developing into a more rounded racer . Hamilton signed a three-year contract when he joined Mercedes with the deal due to expire at the end of 2015 . From junior teammates and friends , Rosberg and Hamilton are now locked in an intriguing battle for the 2014 world title . Rosberg has won three races with Hamilton , who has lost valuable points with two retirements , taking five grand prix victories as the season reaches its halfway point . After Hamilton 's victory at the British Grand Prix put him back in the title hunt , Mercedes non-executive chairman Niki Lauda predicted of his Mercedes charges : "  They will fight until the end like you do not believe to be world champion . " Rosberg may already be enjoying an annus mirabilis but he still has his eye on the prize he really wants -- his first F1 world title .	Nico Rosberg signs a new multi-year contract with the Mercedes F1 team The 29-year-old also married his long term girlfriend this week Rosberg will mark Germany 's World Cup with a special helmet for Sunday 's German Grand Prix The German driver leads Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton by four points
CNN  -- We each spend an average of three years of our lives sitting on them , King George II of Great Britain died while on his in 1760 and 2.5 billion people still do not have access to one . The humble lavatory is the unlikely subject of global celebration on Monday , as one of the world 's most essential inventions but one that too many people still struggle without . Although many of us tend to take ours for granted , campaigners hope that World Toilet Day 2012 will draw attention to what they 're calling the "  global sanitation crisis , " with over a third of people worldwide living without a clean and private place to go . This means that one in three people still have to defecate in the open , using fields or bushes , rivers , railway lines or roadsides , or simply a plastic bag . Others use unsanitary latrines or disease-ridden and foul-smelling buckets . The majority of those without access to a toilet live in sub-Saharan Africa or Asia , with over half of people in Asia not having proper sanitation , according to the UK-based charity , WaterAid . Ajara lives in a slum in the city of Gwalior in the Madhya Pradesh province of India . She told WaterAid how people in her community have to defecate on a nearby hilltop . "  There are no trees and privacy at the moment and so we have to wait until night to go there . It 's difficult for old people to go and it 's hard to go at night . It 's also hard for grown-up girls because of the risk of sexual attack , " Ajara said . This World Toilet Day , international aid agencies are highlighting the particular risks to women of poor access to toilets . WaterAid says women are most vulnerable because they 're not only exposed to disease , but also have additional shame , harassment and risk of attack when they go out in the open . Sandimhia Renato in Mozambique described to WaterAid how she has to cross a very dangerous bridge every time she goes to the bush to defecate . "  I think it takes 15 minutes to get to the bridge , " Renato says . "  I come here once a day , between 4 and 5 pm . At night it is very dangerous . People get killed . A woman and a boy were killed with knives . One woman I know of has been raped . " But it 's not just the shame and inconvenience of having no private place to go to the toilet , but a huge public health issue . When you consider that one gram of faeces can contain 10 million viruses , one million bacteria , one thousand parasite cysts and one hundred worm eggs  according to UNICEF  you can see why open defecation is so harmful to a community 's health . Without a sewerage system to remove human waste and make it safe , cholera , typhoid and other infectious diseases spread quickly . The United Nations says more than 2.7 million people die each year due to lack of sanitation . With diarrhoeal diseases killing more young children in developing countries than HIV/AIDS , malaria and measles put together , it 's the second biggest cause of death in under fives , according to the World Health Organization . Tackling it , says the World Bank 's Water and Sanitation Program , is extremely cost effective . It estimates that poor sanitation costs African countries around $ 5.5 billion a year and $ 53.8 billion in India is lost through associated economic impacts . The program 's study of 18 African countries found that even the time it takes people to find a discrete location to use the toilet accounted for almost $ 500 million in economic losses . That 's before you examine the cost of healthcare , premature deaths and lost workdays due to illness . In fact , according to the World Toilet Day organization , every dollar invested in sanitation yields a return of five dollars . Its message is that the solution to the global sanitation crisis lies not in any miraculous technological breakthroughs but in stronger political leadership and a commitment to invest in sanitation infrastructure and education . Mahatma Gandhi for one seemed to recognized the value of the toilet to humanity when he said "  Sanitation is more important than independence . " Campaigners for World Toilet Day will be hoping that these words resonate with today 's leaders .	World Toilet Day highlights plight of 2.5 billion people who do n't have access to basic sanitation Charity focusing on dangers for women who must defecate on open ground The situation causes shame for millions and also leaves them open to attack Lack of basic sanitation costs Africa $ 5.3 billion and India $ 53.8 billion according to World Bank
CNN  -- Defense attorneys representing accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzokhar Tsarnaev said in a Friday court filing the FBI asked his older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , to be an FBI informant and report on the Chechen and Muslim communities in Boston . "  We base this on information from our client 's family and other sources that the FBI made more than one visit to talk with  Tamerlan 's parents  and Tamerlan , questioned Tamerlan about his internet searches , and asked him to be an informant , " the defense motion states . But the same court filing says the government denies the allegation and quotes a March 14 FBI statement that says , " -LSB- T -RSB- he government has no evidence that Tamerlan Tsarnaev was solicited by the government to be an informant . " Defense lawyers sought FBI documents to confirm their allegation and said it 's possible "  Tamerlan misinterpreted the visits and discussions with the FBI as pressure and that they amounted to a stressor that increased his paranoia and distress . " Dzokhar Tsarnaev is scheduled to be tried November 3 . He is charged with 30 federal counts stemming from the April 15 bombing that left three people dead and more than 250 others injured . The attacks triggered the massive manhunt that led to Tsarnaev 's capture . During a manhunt , Police shot and killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this story .	Defense lawyers say FBI wanted Tamerlan Tsarnaev to be an informant The government has denied the allegation Dzokhar Tsarnaev is scheduled to be tried November 3
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- At least 250 people were killed and 2,000 others injured when two strong earthquakes jolted northwestern Iran on Saturday near the city of Tabriz , state-run news agencies said . Iran 's state-run Press TV said 250 people had died . Officials feared the casualties would rise . The city of Ahar was home to 45 of the deaths and 500 of the injured , a local official told state-run IRNA media . The first earthquake , a magnitude 6.4 , hit at 4:53 p.m. local time 37 miles northeast of Tabriz , according to the U.S. Geological Survey  USGS  , which measured 11 aftershocks . Just 11 minutes later a second quake , measuring 6.3 , struck 30 miles northeast of Tabriz . Authorities reported 17 aftershocks in the region , state-run IRNA media said . The semi-official Fars News Agency reported 35 aftershocks . Officials asked residents , as a safety precaution , to spend the night outdoors . The quakes affected Tabriz , the capital of East Azarbaijan province , and nearby cities . It razed four villages and another 60 villages sustained heavy damage , said Fars . It said 40 people died in the city of Varzaqan and 50 were killed in Haris . Initial reports said some buildings in Tabriz suffered structural damage and power lines were down . Telephone lines were down in Ahar , the quake 's epicenter . The extent of the damage was still being assessed . Many people were in dire need of drinking water , bread and shelter , said Fars , quoting officials . Authorities dispatched rescue teams to the area . Press TV broadcast images of collapsed buildings and makeshift medical stations set up in the streets . In scenes broadcast by state-run IRINN , people lying on blankets were administered intravenous fluids . Iran sits on major fault lines -- the collision of the Arabia and Eurasia plates -- and has been prone to devastating earthquakes . In 2003 , 30,000 people died in an earthquake in Bam in southeastern Kerman province . In 1990 , about 50,000 were killed in a quake that hit near the Caspian Sea . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Drinking water cut in villages State media : 17 aftershocks follow two powerful earthquakes Some buildings in Tabriz were damaged Iran has been prone to devastating earthquakes
As a plume of black smoke billowed from Asiana Airlines flight 214 after it crash landed at San Francisco International Airport last week , images were being captured -- not just of the plane itself , but of passengers ignoring official safety procedures and collecting their carry-on items before evacuating the aircraft . A photograph that showed several passengers , including a woman walking away from the smoking wreckage with a black suitcase and smaller white bag in her hands , has been widely circulated . The photo and reports of similar behavior have stirred up a stormy debate across China 's social media platforms -- Chinese nationals made up approximately half the passengers on the Asiana Airlines flight that originated in Seoul , according to the airline . "  I am so disappointed those passengers think their baggage is more important than other people 's lives , " posted "  MeganZhong , " on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service . "  And they had time to tweet the plane crash  before  helping others that are injured . " "  Foreigners  especially Americans  do n't understand that in China , human lives are cheaper than money , " posted another , called "  Victory of Xiangzi . " "  And this belief is deeply ingrained in the mentality of the Chinese government and its people . " A similar tone and theme was prevalent across Weibo but other netizens defended the passengers . "  Grabbing the bag is an instinct response , " wrote "  Jiqiongqiong . " "  But as Chinese , we should always keep in mind that human lives weigh more than our belongings . " Did pilot have enough 777 experience ? Communication problems ? Many commenters chided passengers who did not read the aircraft 's safety briefing card or pay attention to verbal safety instructions . Part of the investigation into the incident will look at Asiana crew members ' verbal instructions during the emergency , what languages those instructions were in and how passengers responded . There can be no denying such an event can be chaotic and potentially confusing . According to the airline , flight attendants helped passengers get off the plane safely . They opened doors , deployed slides and helped passengers escape , according to JoongAng Daily , a South Korean newspaper . Safety information available online from the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  emphatically capitalizes the instruction to "  LEAVE YOUR POSSESSIONS BEHIND " under its evacuation procedures . Passengers are also instructed to : -- stay low -- proceed to the nearest front or rear exit -- count the rows between your seat and the exits -- follow floor lighting to exit -- jump feet first onto evacuation slide -- do n't sit down to slide . Place arms across your chest , elbows in , legs and feet together -- remove high-heeled shoes -- exit the aircraft and clear the area -- remain alert for emergency vehicles -- never return to a burning aircraft Some passengers have defended their decision to grab personal items before evacuating the burning aircraft , citing passports as a major concern . One of the most high profile passengers to do so was Xu Da , president of product development for Taobao , the largest e-commerce platform in China . "  Regarding some people who criticize me for taking my luggage with me and thus hindering the rescue of other passengers , I have to clarify , " wrote Xu on Weibo . "  First , my family  three of us  sat in the same row , our bags were in the overhead cabin on top of our seats , we did n't stand in the aisle to take our things . "  Second , our passports , money , etc. , were all in  our luggage  . I would be difficult if I did n't take it with me . "  Third , everyone was looking forward in the cabin at that time , it was n't too chaotic . No one was running behind us . My son said to us , ` we could get out '  through the hole in the aircraft , not the evacuation slide  . And so we did . " Shock and survival : Plane crash through the eyes of children But Xu 's explanation attracted criticism from some netizens . One , identified as "  Olivia Yi " posted : "  Are you an idiot ? Taking your luggage when you 're escaping ... Ignorant and selfish !!! You know your seemingly justifiable action may lead to the death of the others ? Please read your safety manual carefully next time ! Your possessions may be important to you , but even more so are the lives of others . " Xu 's comments notwithstanding , the question remains why so many defied safety protocol -- and , perhaps , common sense -- by carrying their belongings off the plane . Cabin crew well trained A Chinese netizen named "  Happy Beyond the Cloud , " who identifies himself as a commercial airline pilot , posted his own summary . "  A crew member from American Airlines complained to me that a lot of Chinese people refuse to put on safety belts , adjust their seats or close the glare shield while the plane is landing , and they put over-weighted bags overhead . "  Some planes have to broadcast in Chinese over and over again that if passengers refuse to cooperate with the crew , they will face a fine as much as $ 1,500 . Do n't these passengers know their bad behavior would kill them in emergency landing ? " The rush for belongings , even as potential disaster loomed , may raise questions about the way passengers are briefed for emergency situations . How does an air crash investigation work ? The news from San Francisco could have been far worse , and "  what if " speculation abounds . "  It 's a natural reaction in the chaos of a crash , to grab your things and run , I think , " said Tom Ballantyne , chief correspondent at Orient Aviation magazine . "  But clearly there can be repercussions , from high heels puncturing the slide to bags blocking exits . "  Flight crew are trained to be extremely firm with passengers , ordering them about if necessary . It 's unlikely the crew were at fault . To get an operating license aircraft need to show they can be evacuated in 95 seconds . The problem here is with passengers ignoring safety instructions -- if we do n't comply , you could have problems . " Interactive : What happened with Asiana Flight 214 ? The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board has yet to comment on or determine the impact passenger behavior had on overall safety and the efficiency of the evacuation effort . All quotes from Chinese netizens translated from Simplified Chinese by CNN .	Chinese netizens buzz over images of passengers with luggage Safety standards make it unlikely crew was at fault , say experts NTSB investigations continue , will consider passenger behavior on evacuation
New Year 's festivities in China 's most populous city were cut short Wednesday after a stampede left at least 35 people dead and dozens injured . Posts on Twitter and China 's Weibo social network described a chaotic scene and rescue efforts along the Shanghai riverfront . Photos showed large crowds packing a street near the river and emergency medical workers treating people on the ground . The stampede broke out around 11:35 p.m. Wednesday along the city 's riverfront , the state-run Xinhua news agency said . At least 42 people were injured , Xinhua reported . Authorities are investigating the cause , Xinhua said . A witness told the government-run news agency that people started scrambling after coupons that looked like dollar bills were thrown from the third floor of a building . Many of the dead were young students , CCTV America reported , citing Shanghai rescue authorities . Video from the Reuters news agency showed people sobbing in a hospital waiting room . One woman told CCTV they 'd been waiting for hours for information about their loved ones . The promenade in the area known as the Bund along the Huangpu River is a popular spot for New Year 's Eve festivities in Shanghai . But last week , Shanghai Daily reported that local officials had called off a popular New Year 's Eve light show there , citing police concerns over crowd control . Last year , the event drew nearly 300,000 people and "  dispersing the crowd became a massive administrative headache , " the newspaper said . Scaled-back celebrations had been planned in several parts of the city instead , according to the newspaper . Officials canceled another New Year 's celebration late Wednesday in front of Beijing 's tallest skyscraper , citing safety concerns . Even with the light show and official countdown called off , many revelers remained at the location and had their own countdown there .	Witness tells Xinhua people were scrambling for dollar-shaped coupons Stampede breaks out at a New Year 's celebration in Shanghai At least 35 people are killed , state media report ; authorities are investigating
London  CNN  -- Heavy snow in recent weeks has already wreaked havoc across Europe -- now it is damaging some of the continent 's most recognized historic monuments . The Colosseum in Rome has been forced to shut after small pieces of its walls crumbled away as a result of freezing temperatures . And buildings in the historic walled town of Urbino -- a UNESCO World Heritage Site -- are reported to be at risk of collapse under the weight of snow , following unprecedented blizzards in the area . In the Italian capital , thousands of tourists have been disappointed to discover the Colosseum , one of the city 's most popular attractions , is closed to visitors , while checks are carried out to determine the extent of the damage and to help prevent further movement . Rossella Rea , archaeologist and superintendent of the Colosseum , told CNN : "  Tests and evaluation of the damage is still ongoing , especially on the second level of arches . " Rea said the enforced closure of the site would have a serious financial impact -- the Colosseum attracts some 7,000 visitors a day , paying 12 euros for a ticket -- but that it was necessary in the circumstances . "  At the weekend , some of the tourists did n't understand why the Colosseum was closed -- for people from northern countries , the snow is not a problem . "  But it 's very unusual for us and it caused the detachment of dust , concrete and bricks . Little quantities but if they fall from a certain height they can be dangerous . " Cristiano Brughitta , spokesman for Italy 's Ministry for Cultural Heritage and Activities , said the damage was caused by ice forming on the walls of the monument . "  When the temperatures drop below zero , and there is rain and snow , it causes ice to form which , with the increase in volume , pushes the external plaster masonry and causes small pieces to fall off , " he said . David Pickles , senior architect at English Heritage , told CNN such damage was an extreme version of the natural wear and tear buildings face during everyday weather . "  There 's a whole freeze/thaw cycle of damage to buildings where moisture gets into the stonework , into the pores of the stone , it then freezes and expands very significantly , it then breaks up the stone and then when it thaws , bits of stone will start falling off . "  That 's happening all the time , of course , that 's one of the major decay mechanisms in historic buildings anyway , because they 're largely water permeable ... You ca n't treat stone to stop it happening . " In Urbino , in the Marche region of Italy , partial collapses have been reported at the convents of San Francesco and San Bernardino , while the roof of the Church of the Capuchins outside the town center has reportedly caved in . The town 's Duomo  cathedral  is also shut , because of water damage . Checks are being carried out on vulnerable buildings in the area . "  Our biggest worry is the buildings in the historic center , which have wooden joists and delicate roofs , " said Gabriele Cavalera , a spokesperson for the local council . According to Cavalera , residents of some private homes in the historic center are adding extra support to the old roof beams in an attempt to prevent any further cave-ins . "  It 's an enormous quantity of snow compared with what we normally get in winter and it 's had a heavy impact , the equivalent of a flood , " said Cavalera . Brughitta agreed that conditions were exceptional : "  Maybe every 30 years it gets this cold , but it 's very rare . " A number of Italy 's historic monuments , including the Colosseum and Pompeii , have suffered in recent years from damage and collapse . The Colosseum , which is scheduled to reopen to the public Thursday , is due to undergo restoration works later this year with sponsorship from luxury brand Tod 's . In case of similar snowfalls in the future , Brughitta in Rome suggests using a type of cold-weather "  blanket " for exposed monuments such as the nearly 2,000-year-old Colosseum . Though Pickles said such plans may be difficult , on a practical level : "  For a building like the Colosseum , I should think it would cost a fortune to cover it , because we 're talking about a huge wall area . " And while delicate , these buildings are nonetheless tenacious when it comes to adverse weather and acts of god . After all , said Cavalera , The Ducal Palace in Urbino , which is around 500 years old and a UNESCO World Heritage Site , managed to resist collapse during the earthquakes of the 1990s and is so far holding out against the snow . Livia Borghese in Rome contributed to this report .	Snow has caused damage to the Colosseum in Rome and to historic buildings in Urbino Plunging temperatures caused ice to form on Colosseum walls , forcing off small pieces of rock Delicate houses in Urbino 's historic walled center have suffered collapses Worst snowfall in Italy for many years ; said to be equivalent of a severe flood
CNN  -- On this week 's Tech Check podcast , Doug Gross , Brandon Griggs and Stephanie Goldberg break down details from the new Steve Jobs biography . The book , written by Walter Isaacson and released this week in the wake of Jobs ' death , takes the reader behind the scenes of Jobs ' rise to the top of the consumer-tech world , not always casting the Apple co-founder in a positive light . We also look at Unthink , an upstart social-networking site that is trying to find a niche by being the anti-Facebook . Will calling Facebook , and rival Google + , "  greedy giants " and adopting an anti-corporate approach , work ? And what 's up with that YouTube video ? Our Reader Comments of the Week come from our story on "  Take This Lollipop , " a viral Web video that uses your Facebook information to give the creepy , horror-inspired short film a personal twist . And our Tech Fail of the Week goes to Netflix , which had some bad news to report this week after a couple of months of public-relations missteps the online movie-rental service would probably like to forget . Bonus : Wondering what tech-inspired Halloween costume Stephanie 's donning this year ? Of course you were . Tune in to find out ! To listen to Tech Check , click on the audio box to the left . To subscribe , you can add Tech Check to your RSS feed here . You can also listen , or subscribe , on iTunes .	Tech Check is the weekly podcast from CNN Tech This week we look at not-always-shiny details from the new Steve Jobs biography Will upstart Unthink take a bite out of Facebook ? We break it down Netflix earns the not-so-coveted Tech Fail of the Week award
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : From importer to exporter Unlike its Gulf neighbors , Jordan does n't sit on a wealth of oil reserves . It actually imports about 90 % of its energy needs . But as MME found out , all that could change as the Kingdom explores oil shale and looks to go from an energy importer to an energy exporter . FACETIME : Leonardo Maugeri According to Leonardo Maugeri , Harvard Business School fellow , by 2020 we will witness a world where there is too much oil on the market and there will be a steep drop in oil prices . In Maugeri 's latest report , the former ENI Executive explains how high oil prices are fuelling the growth of unconventional oils such as oil shale and could prompt a plunge or even a collapse in oil prices . With oil prices continuing to hit $ 100 per barrel , MME caught up with Maugeri and asked him about his latest findings . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursday : 1545 , Friday : 0845 , Saturday : 0615 Sunday : 0515 , 1545	MME learns about oil shale exploration in Jordan MME meets up with Leonardo Maugeri who predicts a steep drop in oil prices by 2020 Maugeri says high oil prices are fueling the growth of unconventional oils such as oil shale
CNN Student News  -- March 9 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Turkey • Lahore , Pakistan • Marjah , Afghanistan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : This Tuesday , March 9th , CNN Student News is going global ; we have a lot of headlines to tell you about from around the world . Our first story today takes us to Turkey . First Up : Turkey Earthquake AZUZ : Some residents there are dealing with the effects of an earthquake that killed more than 50 people . More than 70 others were injured by the quake . It struck early Monday morning . It had a magnitude of 5.9 , so not as powerful as some of the tremors recently we 've seen from Haiti and from Chile , but like those earthquakes , this one was followed by dozens of aftershocks . It happened in the southeastern part of Turkey . The Middle Eastern country , it 's a little bit bigger than the U.S. state of Texas . It 's located between the Black Sea and the Mediterranean Sea . The quake hit in Turkey 's Elazig province . It 's located in a mountain region . In some of the cities there , many homes are made out of mud , instead of concrete . Turkish authorities say most of those were destroyed , although other buildings , like schools , are still standing . Relief efforts are already getting going . One official said residents "  are sad , but they are calm . " He added that the country is meeting the victims ' needs . Just to give you some background , Turkey was established as a country in 1923 from part of what remained of the Ottoman Empire . It 's home to about 77 million people . It 's also no stranger to powerful earthquakes . In 1999 , two quakes hit near Istanbul , Turkey 's largest city . Those killed at least 20,000 people . Monday 's tremor hit near the point where two major fault lines meet . It 's an area that some scientists describe as unstable . Is this Legit ? MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Pakistan is east of Afghanistan . Legit ! The two countries share a border that 's more than 1,500 miles long . Pakistan Bombing AZUZ : The Taliban , a militant , Islamic group you 've heard a lot about lately has caused violence in both of those countries , and it says it 's responsible for this suicide bombing in Pakistan . The attack happened in Lahore , Pakistan 's second-largest city . It 's located on the opposite side of the country from Afghanistan . The blast targeted a law enforcement agency . It killed at least a dozen people , injured more than a hundred others . Many of those victims were being treated at nearby hospitals . A spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban said the attack was a response to what he called U.S. aggression against Muslims around the world . A Pakistani official says the Taliban is trying to destabilize the country . But the government , he says , will not let them succeed . Afghan Offensive AZUZ : Hopping back over that border to Afghanistan , where U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates made an unscheduled visit yesterday . Secretary Gates said part of the reason he was there was to get an update on Operation Moshtarak . We 've told you a lot about that in recent weeks . Moshtarak is a military offensive against the Taliban ; it 's focused on the city of Marjah . Gates arrived in the capital city of Kabul on Monday . He was scheduled to meet with Afghan president Hamid Karzai as well as General Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan . During the visit , the defense secretary said Marjah is just part of the fight . U.S. DEFENSE SECRETARY ROBERT GATES : Of course , the operation in Marjah is only one of many battles to come in a much longer campaign focused on protecting the people of Afghanistan . AZUZ : The day before Secretary Gates arrived in Afghanistan , President Karzai , along with General McChrystal , went to Marjah to talk to the people there about the fight against the Taliban . Phil Black has more on that . BEGIN VIDEO PHIL BLACK , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : President Hamid Karzai traveled to Marjah to tell its population the Taliban would not be coming back . Hundreds filled a mosque to hear him speak and to tell him what they thought . They did n't hold back . They demanded schools , roads , hospitals and an honest police force . The president promised to rebuild their town . HAMID KARZAI , AFGHANISTAN PRESIDENT : I heard them . They heard me . They had some very legitimate complaints . Very , very legitimate . They felt as if they were abandoned which , in many cases , is true . GEN. STANLEY MCCHRYSTAL , COMMANDER , INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE FORCE : What I heard today is frustrations with things that people are going to be frustrated with war . But there 's always frustration with the costs of war and how we operate . BLACK : General McChrystal 's strategy is at work here : push the Taliban out , then stay and hold the ground while local government , police and services are established . But the population is skeptical . The Taliban have been cleared out before and allowed to return . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What is this activity better known as ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it called : A  Clogging , B  Krumping , C  Popping or D  Stepping ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! What you just saw was an example of stepping ! That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Stepping Controversy AZUZ : Stepping 's been part of African-American culture for decades , especially on college campuses . Around 16 years ago , one sorority at a university in Arkansas taught the members of another sorority how to step . But when that second sorority took the title at a national competition last month , it stepped into the middle of controversy . Don Lemon explains why and what happened afterward . BEGIN VIDEO DON LEMON , CNN ANCHOR : This is stepping , a proud mix of tribal dance infusing military drills and popular culture . Dominated by African American fraternities and sororities for decades , until the ladies of Arkansas 's Zeta Tau Alpha , an all-white team , stepped into a national competition and nailed it . RYAN CAMERON , EMCEE , RADIO PERSONALITY : Who do you all think it is ? That 's right . It is the Zetas . Zetas , Zetas , Zetas , first place . LEMON : Their win stunned the crowd of nearly 5,000 people . The emcee told the audience , do n't be so surprised . CAMERON : I saw you . I saw you . You 're like ... Stepping is for everybody . If you can step , you can step . LEMON : Then came YouTube and worldwide reaction . Some said it was cultural theft : "  I wish you white people would stop stealing everything from us . Can we just have one thing for ourselves ? " "  Stepping is for us , not them . " Others saw it differently , writing "  imitation is the sincerest form of flattery . " "  Black , white , green , purple , who cares ? This is good stuff by young people who have worked hard . " Deandre Clark , a former stepper , was at the show and understands why people are so passionate . DEANDRE CLARK , GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY , AFRICAN-AMERICAN MALE INITIATIVE MENTORING PROGRAM : A lot of people might feel as though someone who did n't , does not have this background , how could they truly understand what it means to be out there stepping ? At the same time , it could , on the other hand , it can make you happy to see that stepping is starting to go further than just African-Americans . LEMON : Now adding to the intrigue , nearly a week after the competition , organizers said there was a scoring discrepancy . So , first place that originally went to the Zetas , will now be shared with the Alpha Kappa Alphas from Indiana University . They share the title , but not the money . They both get $ 100,000 in scholarships . Don Lemon , CNN , Atlanta . END VIDEO Blog Promo AZUZ : This is the kind of story we love to hear your opinions on . We want you to head to our Web page , CNNStudentNews.com . Scroll down . Click on our blog , From A to Z , to share your thoughts . Should stepping be exclusive ? Should everyone be able to take part ? We want to know what you think . And remember , we only want to see your first names on our blog . Legos for Haiti AZUZ : In Pella , Iowa , dozens of young people are involved in a contest that 's all about building something out of Legos . Every participant has to pay an entry fee , but the winners do n't get any money for a very good reason . TITUS HOPKINS , LEGO CONTEST ORGANIZER : We were trying to find a way to raise money for Haiti . AZUZ : And so far they 've raised more than $ 1,700 ! The little guy you saw there , Titus Hopkins , he 's the one who came up with the idea for a Lego contest . And it 's inspiring similar events in California and New York , the money going to help feed young Haitians . Before We Go AZUZ : All right , we never like to leave you without something kind of off the wall , so before we go today , our last story : We want you to brace yourselves , 'cause this is gon na get ugly . That is what Rascal does best . The rough-looking rover won this ugly dog contest in California . But it 's not all about repelling pooches . There were prizes for best costume . We assume he battered the competition . And if this guy did n't take home the title for coolest canine , we 're gon na ask for a recount . Of course , all of this is for a good cause ; it 's to raise money for local animal charities . Goodbye AZUZ : ... because , I mean , we got ta face it , it 's a dog-eat-dog world out there . Doggone it , we 're out of time . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . We will look forward to seeing you tomorrow . Have a great day !	Explore some of the effects of an earthquake that struck the nation of Turkey Find out what residents of Marjah , Afghanistan are asking from their president Step into the middle of a controversy surrounding a national stepping contest Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Gaza City  CNN  -- An Israeli airstrike killed two men in Gaza City on Friday afternoon , Palestinian medical sources said -- an attack that the Israeli military says targeted people involved in recent rocket attacks against Israel . The Israeli aircraft fired at a vehicle about 3:15 p.m. , killing the two men , the Palestinian sources said . Israel 's military said the strike in northern Gaza targeted two men who "  were involved in the rockets launched at Israel in the passing week . " The men "  were also involved in several terror attacks against Israel over the past few years and were planning further attacks against Israel and its civilians , " the military said . Palestinian security sources said the men were affiliated with the Tawhid Brigades , a radical Islamist group . The Israeli military said that 30 rockets were launched from Gaza toward Israel in the last two weeks . No injuries were reported in Israel , though the military said one of the rockets landed in Gaza , killing a girl and wounding another there . Explosive used against Israeli tank Earlier Friday , an explosive device was used against an Israeli tank near the border with southern Gaza , Israeli and Palestinian sources said . Israeli forces responded with tank fire aimed at "  lookout posts used to guide the attack , " an Israeli Defense Ministry official said . The official confirmed one hit . The tank was operating near a security fence that runs along the border with southern Gaza at the time of the explosion , the official said . No one was injured in the explosion . Palestinian officials confirmed the detonation of an IED , saying it happened on the Gaza side of the border as the tank neared the fence . The officials said that the Israeli tank fire struck two Mosque minarets east of Khan Younis , as well as residential homes . Seven people suffered light to moderate injuries , Palestinian officials said . Israeli authorities identify the suspects in teens ' kidnapping	Israeli airstrike kills two in Gaza City , Palestinian medical sources say Earlier , a bomb targeted an Israeli tank , sources say ; no injuries reported Israeli forces responded to the bombing with tank fire into Gaza , official says Palestinian officials say seven people suffered light to moderate injuries from the tank fire
CNN  -- For two years , Google has pushed its Google + as more than a social network or cool video-chatting tool . This week , it is working to hammer home that point with a spate of new features . Google + is n't an answer to Facebook or Twitter , Google says . It 's the connective tissue that more and more is tying Google 's most popular products together -- and it will not be ignored . Since it debuted in June 2011 , Google + has seeped into all other parts of the Google ecosystem , tying into other Google offerings like search , Gmail and YouTube . Sometimes the product feels like an invasive species , especially when using it is required to benefit from the coolest features in other Google products . "  I 'm not sure that it 's forced . I think there are some people who may have a misunderstanding of what we 're trying to accomplish , " said Vic Gundotra , the Google senior vice president who leads Google + . Creating one unified Google identity for each user is the primary purpose of Google + . When the project was started , the company was trying to solve the problem of disconnected online identities . "  One of the core insights we had when we started Google + was that Google itself was deeply fragmented , " said Gundotra . "  Google treated identity as something that was fragmented and different , when  people  were on YouTube they had one identity , when they were on Android they had a different identity , when they were on Gmail they were someone else , when they used search they were n't even logged in . " But the reality is that many people still have multiple online identities and Gmail addresses . There might be one for work , another for personal , and a dedicated e-mail address for signing up for services and e-mail lists to collect all the resulting spam in one convenient bucket . Instead of giving those up and using one Google identity , many people choose to juggle their accounts . To get people to use Google + the way Google imagines it , the company is working to make the benefits of using one primary Google identity too good to ignore . During Wednesday 's Google I/O developer 's conference keynote address , Google + played a big part in many of the more exciting product announcements , even though it was n't always called out . The redesigned version of Google Maps will recommend restaurants based on what your Google + friends have reviewed and visited . The new Google Music All Access service will also use your social graph to hone in on music you might enjoy . "  That unification of Google , of bringing Google together , makes for amazing things , " said Gundotra . One feature demonstrated on stage was a voice search for a person 's recent vacation photos . If you are logged into Google Search under the same e-mail you use for Google + , and if you also use Google + to upload and share your personal photos , you can get these types of customized search results . Those tie-ins could play a more important role in getting people to embrace , not just grudgingly accept , Google + than the service 's stand-alone features . However , a lot is being done to improve the stand-alone Google + experience . On Wednesday , Google unveiled a sleek new redesign , some very impressive photo tools , and a feature that automatically combs posts on the social network and adds appropriate hashtags . In an impressive Googley twist , it can even identify what 's in a photograph to add hashtags like "  concert " or "  cat . " When there is breaking news , like the Boston bombing , people will refer to it with different terms and finding out more information requires you to leave Google + . That 's in stark contrast to Twitter , current king of breaking news , where hashtags and discovery tools make it easy to stay on top of important events in real time . "  You 've got to figure out how to canonicalize that ` bombing in boston , ' ` disaster boston , ' ` marathon disaster , ' are all the same thing . And you have to bring all of that together and then say , this is the recommended tag . And if you click on it , we understand the related entities . That 's a deep understanding of the knowledge graph . In real time , as its happening , " said Gundotra In addition to trying to clean up user identities and make Google + a more engaging experience , Google + is also unifying existing Google products that overlap . The new Hangouts messenger service allows people to chat via text , share photos , and talk over video with one or multiple people , between phones , tablets and desktops . Instead of separate products for Video Hangouts , Google Talk and Google Messenger , there is just one tool . This new product could take on existing chat platforms like WhatsApp and BlackBerryMessenger , though Gundotra said that was n't its main goal . "  Obviously , we knew that there were real time communications products . We 're not going to tell you we did n't know that there were these products out there . We were watching the growth of them and that was powerful data for us , that there was a need out there for a better solution , " said Gundotra . "  Frankly we were looking at our own problems , and our customers were telling us , Google : Unify these things " Gundotra said .	Google Senior Vice President Vic Gundotra explains the real goal behind Google + All the big Google product announcements tied into the social network in some small way The social network is Google 's attempt to clean up fragmented user accounts
CNN  -- Five more Georgia men were charged in connection with an anti-government militia with ties to Fort Stewart that 's been accused of killing two people and plotting to assassinate President Barack Obama , authorities said Tuesday . The five defendants were indicted in Liberty County , Georgia , on charges that include violation of the Street Gang Terrorism and Prevention Act , involving what prosecutors called an "  identified criminal street gang " named FEAR , for Forever Enduring , Always Ready . Four U.S. Army soldiers at Fort Stewart had already been accused of being members of the anarchist group , which was allegedly stockpiling weapons and bomb parts to overthrow the U.S. government , prosecutors said . The four soldiers are accused of killing former GI Michael Roark and his teenage girlfriend , Tiffany York . ` Anarchists ' accused of murder ; broader plot against government Under one of three indictments returned Monday by a Liberty County grand jury , Christopher Jenderseck was charged with three Street Gang Act violations and two counts of tampering with evidence in the killings of Roark and York in neighboring Long County , said District Attorney Tom Durden and Assistant District Attorney Isabel Pauley of the Atlantic Judicial Circuit . In a second indictment , defendant Timothy Martin Joiner is charged with burglary , theft by taking and two Street Gang Act violations . Adam Dearman is charged with three Street Gang Act offenses . In the third indictment , Joiner , Adam Dearman , Randall Blake Dearman and Anthony Garner are charged jointly , prosecutors said . Joiner and Randall Dearman each face two counts of burglary , nine counts of entering an auto , two counts of financial transaction card theft , one count of theft by taking , one count of criminal damage to property in the second degree , and 14 counts of Street Gang Act violations , prosecutors said . In addition , Adam Dearman is indicted on three counts of Street Gang Act violations , and Garner is charged with theft by receiving stolen property and one Street Gang Act count , prosecutors said . Jenderseck was arrested Tuesday in North Dakota , but Joiner and Garner were n't in custody , authorities said Tuesday . Regarding the charges against the four soldiers , a law enforcement official said they had legally purchased at least 18 rifles and handguns in Washington and Georgia . Uncompleted pipe bombs were also found , and were comprised of store-bought materials , the official said . No sophisticated military grade-explosives were involved in their construction . One official described the offenses as a murder case and said no federal charges had been filed . Last month , Pfc. Michael Burnett laid out the elaborate plot , telling a southeast Georgia court that he was part of what prosecutors called "  an anarchist group and militia . " Dressed in his Army uniform , he spoke in a Long County court about the group of Army soldiers and its role in the December deaths of Roark and York . Roark , he said , was killed because he took money from the group and planned to leave . "  I do n't know how it got to the point where two people got murdered , " Burnett said in court . He talked about how he and three others accused -- Pvt. Isaac Aguigui , Sgt. Anthony Peden and Pvt. Christopher Salmon -- had begun getting together , "  just going out shooting guns , just guy stuff . " "  And then Aguigui introduced me to ` the manuscript , ' that 's what he called it , a book about true patriots , " the soldier said . The four men became part of a group that aimed "  to give the government back to the people , " according to Burnett , who said that revolution was its goal . They called it FEAR -- Forever Enduring Always Ready -- and spent thousands of dollars buying guns and bomb parts . Prosecutors : ` Anarchist ' group of U.S. soldiers aimed to overthrow government The government needed a change , Burnett told the court . "  I thought we were the people who would be able to change it . " It is not clear how capable the group was of carrying out the goals Burnett laid out . Assistant District Attorney Pauley identified Aguigui as the leader of what she described as "  an anarchist group and militia " that included active and former troops . "  Defendant Aguigui actively recruited new members at Fort Stewart  in southeast Georgia  and targeted soldiers who were in trouble or disillusioned , " she said . At the time of their arrest , group members had plotted a number of "  acts of domestic terror , " the prosecutor said . These included "  forcibly taking over the ammo control point of Fort Stewart to take the post , bombing vehicles of local and state judicial and political figureheads and federal representatives to include the local department of homeland security ,  and plotting  to bomb the fountain at Forsyth Park in Savannah . " Days before he died , Roark had been discharged from the Army , according to Pauley . Roark and his girlfriend were killed because Aguigui felt the couple was "  a loose end , " Burnett said . Burnett admitted being at the scene of the crime , including watching as a soldier "  checked  York 's  pulse and then shot her again . " As part of an agreement with prosecutors , Burnett pleaded guilty to manslaughter -- instead of murder , thus avoiding a possible death sentence -- and other charges . He also agreed to testify against the three other soldiers accused in the case . All four soldiers had also been charged by the military in connection with the two killings . But as their case proceeded through civilian courts , the Army dismissed its charges , according to Fort Stewart spokesman Kevin Larson . In a statement last month , Larson insisted that Fort Stewart and its affiliated Hunter Army Airfield do not have "  a gang or militia problem . " "  Any suspicions of gang activity are actively investigated by CID ,  which  recognizes the obvious concerns with the combination of gangs and military-type training , " he said . "  That is why CID monitors and investigates gang and extremist group association with criminal acts in the Army so closely . We believe the reason we are able to maintain a low gang criminal threat status is because of the awareness of and focus on the threat . " Fort Stewart , about 40 miles southwest of Savannah , is home to the U.S. Army 's 3rd Infantry Division . Tens of thousands of troops , their dependents , civilian personnel and contractors live and work on the base , which encompasses 280,000 acres and includes parts of five counties , including Long County , which has about 14,500 residents . Hunter Army Airfield is in Savannah but is officially part of the larger Fort Stewart complex . The Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks what it characterizes as "  hate groups " nationwide , spoke to Aguigui 's father last month . "  I served my country for 20 years and I honor that , take pride in that , " Ed Aguigui told the center , according to the center 's Hatewatch blog . "  I do n't know what my son 's views are , and where they came from . "	A Georgia grand jury indicts five men in an alleged militia plot that includes soldiers The militia group FEAR -- Forever Enduring , Always Ready -- is accused of street gang terrorism The group is charged with plotting to assassinate President Obama Four U.S. soldiers at Fort Stewart already are accused of killing two people
CNN  -- The late House Speaker Tip O'Neill once said , "  All politics is local . " Certainly there is some truth to this in the Roman Catholic Church . Most practicing Catholics experience the church through the parish they attend , and its sacramental life through the priests who minister there . Those priests are ordained for a particular diocese that exists , along with others , within a particular geographic area administered by its local bishop . That bishop is named by the Pope , but it is the Vatican Congregation for Bishops in Rome that has major influence in determining who is selected as a bishop and where he is assigned to administrate . And this is where Pope Francis is making his agenda felt this week . By removing the American Cardinals Raymond Burke and Justin Rigali from the Congregation for Bishops and appointing Cardinal Donald Wuerl , he is signaling the most radical kind of change -- one that will affect the church 's hierarchical structure from top to bottom . It is bishops who determine the tenor and emphases of local church communities . The Congregation for Bishops is being peopled by a different kind of person , who will implement Francis ' vision of a church governed as much by compassion as by orthodoxy . This is a big deal . While Burke champions traditional marriage , condemns abortion and cherishes fine vestments , Rigali appeared less sensitive to the gravity of the priest-pedophilia tragedy , positions associated with Roman Catholic conservatives . By removing these men , Francis is shifting emphasis and establishing different priorities . But Wuerl is hardly a liberal . While the new bishop of Pittsburgh deviated from his predecessor 's practice of washing only men 's feet and included women at the Holy Thursday service , a gesture associated with Jesus ' serving his disciples , he also accepted Rome 's request to serve as coadjutor of the Diocese of Seattle when its bishop expressed views regarding homosexuality , divorce and the priesthood that Rome considered too liberal . He also was executive secretary of a papally mandated study of U.S. seminaries . So he is not so easily pigeonholed as either liberal or conservative . He takes pastoral initiative , seeming to believe that "  authentic power is service , " as Francis has said , but he is also a loyal son . Described in a 2013 National Catholic Reporter article as "  dead center of the bishops ' conference , " he is reported as saying , "  In the pulpit we 're supposed to present the teaching with all of its unvarnished clarity , but when you step out of the pulpit , you have to meet people where they are and try to walk with them . " Francis has reconstituted the Congregation for Bishops beyond the replacement of two American prelates . All of his new appointments to the congregation , we may be sure , accord with his perspective : Compassion and solidarity are at the forefront . He prioritizes the hopes and the anguish of the people he seeks to serve rather than abstract right teaching . Consistent with Francis ' own witness to date and his efforts so far to renew the Curia  the Vatican bureaucracy  , this appointment of carefully selected men to the Congregation for Bishops , men who share his priorities , may well be the most powerful tool available to him to effect far-reaching and sustained change -- in every parish throughout the entire world . In his book "  Pope Francis : Why He Leads the Way He Leads , " Chris Lowney begins each chapter with a quotation from Francis . These speak eloquently to why Burke and Rigali have been replaced , not for anything bad they have done but because of the new emphasis Francis desires to bring to his papacy . Introducing "  The New Leader " chapter : "  Today 's world stands in great need of witnesses , not so much of teachers but rather of witnesses . It 's not so much about speaking , but speaking with our whole lives . " Perhaps this is why Francis shared his birthday breakfast Tuesday with four homeless men . For Chapter 4 , "  Washing Feet : Authentic Power Is Service " : "  This is a symbol , it is a sign . ... Washing feet means , ' I am at your service . ' As a priest and as a bishop I must be at your service . " Was it not at an Italian prison that Francis washed feet last Holy Thursday , including the feet of Muslim girls ? A third and telling quotation is taken from Francis ' address to Brazilian bishops in July : "  U  nless we train ministers capable of warming people 's hearts , of walking with them in the night , of dialoguing with their hopes and disappointments , of mending their brokenness , what hope can we have for our present and future journey ? " No doubt Francis wants to guarantee that those who are appointed bishops are in accord with this perspective . Francis , as he has presented himself , is neither conservative nor liberal . He is not about ideology but about the Gospel . Matthew 25 comes readily to mind : Feed the hungry , give drink to the thirsty , welcome the stranger , cloth the naked , care for the sick , visit those in prison -- as do the admonitions in Matthew 7:1 : "  Judge not , that you may not be judged , " and 1 Colossians 3:13 : "  As the Lord has forgiven you , so you must also do . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alice L. Laffey .	Alice Laffey : Pope signals radical change by upending Congregation of Bishops She says congregation helps pick bishops , who will implement Francis ' vision She says mandate not about politics but compassion and solidarity with those served Laffey : This is powerful tool for him to effect far-reaching , sustained change around world
CNN  -- An Airbus airplane was forced to turn back to New York 90 minutes into a flight to Paris , Air France said Monday . The Air France A380 turned back due to a "  minor incident , " the airline said , refusing to say what the technical hitch was . Airbus also declined to specify what caused the plane to turn back , saying the incident was an issue for the Air France maintenance team not the aircraft 's manufacturer . The pilots made the decision to turn back "  in strict accordance with procedures and as a precautionary measure ... following a minor technical problem in order to carry out ground checks , " Air France said . The plane landed at New York 's John F. Kennedy International airport "  without incident " at 10:17 p.m. ET on Friday , November 27 , Air France said . The plane was serviced and later completed its transatlantic journey , the airline said . Air France had begun flying the brand-new A380 across the Atlantic only days before , Airbus said . Its inaugural commercial flight from Paris ' Charles de Gaulle airport to JFK was on November 21 . Air France became the fourth airline to operate the superjumbo when it received its first A380 at the end of last month . -- CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee in London , England , contributed to this report .	Airbus airplane forced to turn back to New York 90 minutes into flight to Paris Air France A380 turned back due to a "  minor incident , " airline says Airbus declines to specify what caused the plane to turn back
Seoul  CNN  -- Picture the scene : dozens of computer hackers poring over their keyboards in a room filled with powerful computers , feverishly typing in code most of us could never comprehend . Their mission ? To "  break in " to virtual servers in a simulated world . Yet these particular hackers are not breaking the law , they are actually reinforcing it . They are taking part in a six-month program organized by the South Korean government to train some of the brightest code-breaking minds to become the nation 's first line of defense in the war against cyber crime . According to the Korea Information Technology Research Institute  KITRI  , the "  Best of the Best " program is designed to train computer experts to defend against domestic and foreign cyber attacks . South Korea , which is one of the most Internet-connected nations in the world , is frequently subject to cyber attacks , especially from its northern neighbor , with whom it is still technically at war . In 2009 , a number of government websites , including the presidential Blue House and National Assembly , crashed for days after being targeted with malicious code . And in 2011 , a bank 's entire computer system was hacked and shut down . The attack left tens of thousands of computers infected and some permanently damaged , according to the country 's prosecutors . The Seoul government pointed the finger at Pyongyang , citing similarities in code used in earlier cyber attacks by South Korean nationals in collaboration with hackers believed to be connected with a North Korean intelligence agency , South Korea 's prosecutor 's office said in a press release . The North Korean government has yet to comment on the claims . The official value of the loss from the attacks is unknown , but the Hyundai Research Institute estimates the financial loss from the 2009 attacks alone at between $ 33.7 million and $ 50.5 million . Attacks from domestic and foreign sources are on the increase , authorities say . Cyber attacks rose by 37 % from 2008 to 2011 , according to Korea Internet Security Agency . "  Cyber attacks in general are getting more and more complicated . It is also known that North Korea is training highly skilled hackers , " Jung Soo-whan from South Korea 's Soongsil University told CNN . "  But what if they , for instance , hack into our nuclear power systems ? We need a stronger defense system . " According to Lee Seung-jin , the chief consultant for the "  Best of the Best " program , a cyber attack from the North is like fighting an asymmetric war . It is very difficult to counter attack . "  The South Korean Internet industry developed very fast . It is essential to train cyber security experts in all fields including those who will be working for commercial companies , " said Lee , a prominent name in the South Korean hackers community . Sixty computer experts , from high school students to college students , were selected for the program . Most participants were already well known in the country and some are award-winning hackers from local and foreign hacker competitions . Kwon Hyuk , 17 , is one of the survivors of the first phase of candidates on the program . He focuses his work on printer networking systems , an area easily exposed by cyber attacks . "  Companies may print confidential documents using network printers . If the security was breached , companies potentially could be eavesdropped , " he said . The program , which is now down to 20 hackers , will only graduate one expert from six fields in its final stage . Aside from receiving 20,000,000 KRW  $ 18,500  as a prize , each graduate will then be recommended to companies or government agencies they wish to work for in the future . The six fields include digital forensic , security consulting , vulnerability analysis , mobile phone security , converged security and cloud-computing security .	South Korean government is training some of the brightest code-breaking minds "  Best of the Best " program designed to train computer experts to defend against cyber attacks Seoul has accused North Korea of being behind many of these cyber attacks
Jerusalem ramped up security after two Palestinian cousins wielding a gun and butcher knives attacked a synagogue during morning prayers , killing four worshipers and a police officer and wounding several others . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed a strong reaction to Tuesday 's killings . He characterized the attack , which drew condemnation from around the world , as the result of a "  blood libel " fanned by Palestinian leaders . Even after Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemned the attack , Netanyahu said his response was "  not enough . " Addressing reporters Tuesday night , the Israeli Prime Minister called for national unity against "  those human animals who committed this massacre " and against those -- singling out Hamas and the Palestinian Authority -- who he claimed "  disseminate libels against the state of Israel . " The terror attack -- the deadliest in Jerusalem since 2008 -- came at a particularly tense time in region . It follows recent deadly stabbings and vehicle attacks which , while not the same as the large-scale suicide bombings that defined last decade 's second intifada , have left Jerusalem on edge . At the heart of the unrest is the holy site in the Old City of Jerusalem , known as the Temple Mount by Jews and Haram al-Sharif  the Noble Sanctuary  by Muslims . Pope Francis condemned the attack and said he 's praying for the region . "  From the bottom of my heart , I appeal to all the parties involved to put an end to the spiral of hatred and violence , and to take courageous decisions for reconciliation and peace , " the Pope said . "  To build peace is difficult but to live without it is torment . " Who were the victims ? Gruesome scene Photos taken after the attack Tuesday inside the synagogue in West Jerusalem 's Har Nof area , and released by Israeli officials , showed a grim scene . Lifeless bodies sprawled on the floor ; a shattered pair of glasses ; holy books , prayer shawls and walls soaked with blood . The pictures did not relay the full scope of the brutality . "  It was much worse , " Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said . Three dual U.S.-Israeli citizens and a British-Israeli citizen died in the attack before police shot and killed the two assailants . The four victims were all rabbis , the Israeli Foreign Ministry said . Hours after the attack , a policeman who was shot during the rampage while pulling a woman to safety died from his wounds , a hospital official said . The four worshipers killed were Avraham Shmuel Goldberg , 58 ; Aryeh Kupinsky , 43 ; Moshe Twersky , 59 ; and Kalman Levine , 55 . Goldberg was a dual British-Israeli citizen , and the other three were U.S.-Israeli citizens . "  When four great men , wonderful men , wise in Torah study , are slaughtered while praying in public , there is no public grieving greater than that , " said a rabbi who eulogized the men later Tuesday , before their burial . Seven others were wounded , including three who were seriously hurt , according to the Israeli Foreign Ministry . One of the wounded is a Canadian-Israeli dual citizen who was stabbed in his head , eyes and arms , CNN partner network CTV reported . Howard Rothman , 53 , formerly of Toronto , was in a medically induced coma Tuesday , according to CTV . "  He was trying to fight off the attackers . He 's in a coma -- he 's in critical condition , " Toby Trumpter-Kraman , a family friend , told CTV . Jerusalem terror attack ` strikes at soul ' of Jews worldwide Order to demolish attackers ' homes Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat -- whose city is about two-thirds Jewish and one-third Arab -- said the synagogue attack was incited by Hamas and terrorist organizations who use "  rumor and misfacts " about how Palestinians are treated in the city . The Palestinian news agency Ma'an identified the two attackers as Ghassan Abu Jamal and his cousin , Udayy . While no group claimed responsibility for the attack , Israeli officials say the attackers came from East Jerusalem , where Palestinians can move more freely about the city than those living in the West Bank and Gaza , who must pass through stringent checkpoints . Israeli authorities moved into the attackers ' East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabel Mukaber to demolish their homes on Netanyahu 's order . The Palestinians ' official WAFA news agency reported 13 people were arrested . Witnesses said that early Wednesday , Israeli security forces destroyed the home of a Palestinian man who drove his car into a light rail station last month , killing a baby . Mark Regev , Netanyahu 's spokesman , said authorities were beefing up security around Jerusalem after Tuesday 's attack . "  We 've got to make sure there are no copycat attacks , " Regev said . "  We also want to make sure that there 's no hothead on the Israeli side who decides he wants to take the law into his own hands and conduct a vigilante counter attack . " The U.S. consulate in Jerusalem warned Americans that disturbances in East Jerusalem were possible . "  While we can not predict where and when attacks may take place , we have consistently seen a cycle of violence in East Jerusalem neighborhoods following incidents like the one today , " the consulate said Tuesday on its website . Experts : No third intifada yet -- but little hope , either Netanyahu accuses Palestinian leaders of ` incitement ' Netanyahu accused the Palestinian Authority of inciting violence , although he hedged his words about its leader . "  Abbas  does not send out terrorists , he does n't directly encourage acts of terror , and this is good , " Netanyahu said , echoing an assessment by an Israeli security chief . "  On the other hand , the incitement of the Palestinian Authority -- and he heads the Palestinian Authority -- and even some things he says ... encourage terrorism , in terms of incitement  of  tensions that run high . " There was no such equivocation about Hamas , the Palestinian militant group that controls Gaza . It 's been at odds with Israel and also with Abbas ' Fatah movement , which controls the West Bank . Hamas did not claim responsibility for the synagogue attack , though it did n't back away from it either . Sami Abu Zuhri , a spokesman for the group , instead linked the attack to the discovery Sunday of a Palestinian bus driver hanged in his bus not far from where Tuesday 's attack occurred . Israeli authorities say the bus driver 's death was a suicide , but his family disputes that , claiming he was attacked . Senior Hamas official Ghazi Hamad predicted to Al Jazeera International that "  there will be more revolution in Jerusalem , and more uprising . " "  Hamas in general supports action against the occupation , " Hamad said . "  Hamas supports any military action against the occupation anywhere it can be carried out . " Obama condemns ` horrific ' Jerusalem terror attack	Wounded Canadian-Israeli man in a coma , CTV reports Two Palestinian cousins entered a Jerusalem synagogue with knives and a gun Four worshipers and a policeman were killed ; seven other people were wounded Palestinian Authority President condemns the attack ; Israeli PM says it 's "  not enough "
You 're attempting to make meringue and your egg whites are a runny mess . What if you could pick up your phone or computer and instantly video chat with a cooking expert who can take a look at your kitchen disaster and tell you exactly what you 're doing wrong ? Google launched a tool called Helpouts on Tuesday in which people can pay to get help from experts over a live video chat similar to Google Hangouts . Anyone who is a teacher or expert on a topic can trade their services for payment , either by the task , by the minute or for a set window of time . Some Helpouts are scheduled and others are available on demand . To start , Google has more than 1,000 providers signed up to offer things such as music lessons , cooking demonstrations and basic home repair tips . Yoga instructors can give personal lessons and suggest corrections based on what they see over the video . If someone needs help in a program such as Photoshop , they can screen share with an expert who will guide them . The company 's biggest competitor in the video-help category is itself . YouTube , owned by Google , is filled with how-to videos for every imaginable subject . There are eyeliner tutorials , cooking lessons and home improvement instructions . There are videos for tech support , self-improvement , learning new skills and changing a light bulb . How-to videos are the second most popular type of online video content , with 56 % of adults online watching the instructional clips , according to a recent Pew Internet and American Life Project survey . But some problems and lessons need more than a one-sided demonstration . There is a benefit of having a live video feed and back and forth conversation with the person teaching . The experts can spot issues with their own eyes and bring up questions that clients would never have thought to ask . "  Sometimes all you need is facts , and that 's fine . Sometimes you need somebody to look over your shoulder , somebody to show you the way , " said Udi Manber , Google 's vice president of engineering . Manber said Helpouts remove space and time barriers to make getting professional services more efficient and convenient . Google has been testing the service in its own offices for months with ergonomic consultants , nutritionist and regular Google employees who have mastered tasks such as getting the best travel deals . One remote employee gave a nutritionist a look inside a refrigerator over a Helpout to get personal dietary feedback . To show how the Helpouts work , Googlers did some live demonstrations in their San Francisco office on Monday . Osi Imeokparia , director of product management , had a cooking teacher show her how to properly zest a lemon , and a home repair expert talked her through patching a hole in drywall . She held up her phone so the home repair person could see if she had the right tools and point out that her spackle job was a bit lumpy . Experts are not just individuals . Sephora has free makeup advice from its own staff of experts who will tell you how to put on the perfect red lip . Making its Helpouts free is smart marketing for Sephora , which can suggest its own products during the video sessions . Other companies signed up include Rosetta Stone , Weight Watchers and One Medical . To start , Google Hangouts has categories for art and music , computer and electronics , cooking , education , fashion and beauty , fitness and nutrition and home and garden . For now , Google is screening people and companies that want to offer their services through Helpouts . Users review will help control the quality of providers . The category with the most intriguing potential is health services . People can have a counseling session , consult with a dietitian or get advice from a registered lactation support consultant over the video chats . There are partners doing basic triage through registered nurses , and pet care experts available to talk about why Mr. Fluffersons has lost his appetite . Google Helpouts are HIPPA compliant to address privacy concerns , and Google is checking credentials for any providers in the medical field . There is no framework for getting a Helpout session covered by insurance , but Google thinks the category has potential to become a regular part of modern health care . Telemedicine is not a new idea . Companies already offer therapy sessions and one-on-one physician appointments over video . It 's great for people who are far from proper medical facilities or who are homebound because of illness . In addition to the website , there is an Helpouts Android app . People must have a Google + account to sign up . Payment is handled by Google Wallet , and all the prices are set by the experts offing the Helpouts . Kitchit offers a Helpout on how to prepare stuffing for Thanksgiving for $ 20 . Another cooking expert might charge by the minute to help out with emergencies . People who want to share their expertise for free could also flock to Helpouts , according to Manber , who said it could open up a whole new new way to volunteer . It could also benefit people in remote areas who either want to make money for their skills or learn things not offered near their homes . "  People who live in small towns have to make a choice right now . If they 're talented and want to learn some special skills , they have to leave home , " said Manber . Drive in Google Glass , get a ticket Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat	Google Helpouts is a new marketplace for live video chats with experts There are experts for beauty advice , yoga lessons and health services The tool uses Google Hangouts technology for scheduled and on-demand lessons
CNN  -- The United Nations suspended all activities in Syria on Saturday due to the escalating levels of violence , the head of the global body 's mission said . "  There has been an intensification of armed violence across Syria over the past 10 days , " said Gen. Robert Mood , head of the U.N. Supervision Mission in Syria . "  This escalation is limiting our ability to observe , verify , report as well as assist in local dialogue and stability projects -- basically impeding our ability to carry out our mandate , " Mood said . The situation , Mood said , was too high risk . ` Choking siege ' leaves Syrian town in crisis The U.N. monitors , whose number gradually rose to about 300 , were sent in to ensure that both President Bashar al-Assad and opposition fighters were abiding by a six-point peace plan brokered by special envoy Kofi Annan . A ceasefire took hold April 12 but only nominally , it turned out . Violence has soared in recent days with reports of heavy government bombardment of town and chilling massacres of civilians . On some occasions , the monitors themselves have come under fire . "  The lack of willingness by the parties to seek a peaceful transition , and the push towards advancing military positions is increasing the losses on both sides : innocent civilians , men women and children are being killed every day , " Mood said . He said U.N. observers will no longer be conducting patrols and will stay in their locations until further notice . This suspension will be reviewed on a daily basis , Mood said . Operations will resume when we see the situation fit for us to carry out our mandated activities . Syrian opposition groups estimate that between 12,000 and 14,000 people have died in the months of uprising against al-Assad 's rule .	The United Nations says Syria poses too much of a risk for observers The head of the mission says violence has intensified in the last few days The escalation is limiting the ability of monitors to do their job The monitors went in to ensure compliance to Kofi Annan 's peace plan
CNN  Bring your own beaker , goblet or vase and slurp it up . 7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day at United States stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday to kick off peak Slurpee season . This shot at brain freeze is n't free , but customers at participating stores can fill their "  cup " of choice for $ 1.49 , the average cost of a medium Slurpee . Note : A garbage can is not a cup . In-store displays with a 10-inch-diameter hole will rule out anything too ridiculously large for Slurpee consumption , and cups must be sanitary . But within those parameters , pretty much anything goes : "  From sand buckets to trophies , customers can unleash their creativity by bringing in their choice of a unique , fun Slurpee cup , " said Laura Gordon , 7‑Eleven 's vice president of marketing and brand innovation , in a statement . The promotion is n't to be confused with Free Slurpee Day , traditionally celebrated each July 11 .	Bring your own large "  cup " for a $ 1.49 7-Eleven Slurpee Any sanitary container less than 10 inches in diameter is fair game
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A hearing to consider who will raise Michael Jackson 's three children has been delayed another week , while lawyers work to avoid a court battle over custody . Debbie Rowe said she married Michael Jackson to avoid the taboo of having childrien out of wedlock . The delay -- the third one this month -- was announced Friday afternoon by a Los Angeles County Superior Court spokesman . Debbie Rowe , Jackson 's ex-wife and mother of his two oldest children , has not publicly revealed whether she will challenge Katherine Jackson , his 79-year-old mother , for custody or visitation rights . Katherine Jackson gained temporary guardianship of her son 's children soon after his death last month . The two women have been working to "  privately and amicably resolve " the matter since Jackson 's death , a Jackson family lawyer said . Rowe 's lawyer said this week that she was not asking the Jackson family for more money in exchange for dropping a possible custody challenge . A close friend of Rowe said she has been grieving Jackson 's death -- grief made more painful by paparazzi hounding her and media reports vilifying Rowe by depicting her as a heartless woman who would trade her kids for cash . "  Debbie 's a very caring , wonderful , warm person , " said Marc Schaffel , who met first met Rowe when he worked for Jackson . "  She 's a very humble person . People , you know , do n't give her credit that she was a friend of Michael 's for over 30 years . " Jackson and Rowe met when she was working as a nursing assistant in the Beverly Hills office of Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein . Rowe said in a 2003 interview , later obtained by ABC News , that she became closer to Jackson in 1996 when she consoled him after his brief marriage to Lisa Marie Presley ended . "  He was upset because he really wanted to be a dad , " Rowe said . "  I said , ` So , be a dad . ' He looked at me puzzled . That is when I looked at him and said . ` Let me do this . I want to do this . You have been so good to me . You are such a great friend . Please let me do this . You need to be a dad , and I want you to be . ' " She told the interviewer they married in 1996 only to "  prevent some of the taboo of a child out of wedlock . " While Schaffel would not say if their relationship was sexual , he said Rowe had "  a true , true love there for Michael . " Their first child , Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. , was born in February 1997 . A daughter , Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson , was born the next year . Details of how the children were conceived and who was the biological father have been closely guarded amid much public speculation . The couple divorced in 1999 with Rowe giving Jackson full custody while she got a $ 8.5 million settlement , according to court documents . Jackson later agreed to additional support . Rowe gave up parental rights to Jackson in 2001 , but she changed her mind more than two years later and sought temporary custody of the children . A California appeals court later ruled her rights were improperly terminated , opening the door to a possible custody battle . Rowe claimed in the 2003 interview that she still had "  some influence " over how Jackson raised the children , citing his practice of covering their faces in public as her idea . "  That was my request , not his , " she said . "  I am the one who 's terrified . I am the one who 's seen the notes that someone 's going to take his children , " she said . She said the children do n't call her "  mom " because she did not want them to . "  It 's not that they 're not my children , but I had them because I wanted him to be a father , " she said . Rowe , 50 , lives on a farm in Palmdale , California , about 60 miles north of Los Angeles , where she breeds horses and dogs . "  She spends time with all of her horses and her dogs , " Schaffel said . "  If one of her horses is sick , Debbie will stay up all night long caring for them . She 'll sleep on the floor in the barn with a horse if he 's not well . "  Debbie does n't run out to all of the social events , " he said . "  You do n't see her shopping on Rodeo Drive . She 's not hitting the hot spots . She 's not trying to be in the limelight . Debbie is just as happy at home in her very modest , humble , horse ranch . " When Hollywood 's paparazzi surrounded her outside a restaurant near her ranch earlier this month , she showed flashes of anger and frustration . "  Are you ready to fight for your kids ? " a photographer repeatedly shouted . "  Are you ready to get your butt kicked ? " she replied , as she walked through the swarm . Schaffel said Rowe wants privacy and she 's "  just trying to go on with her life . " "  She does n't react well with the paparazzi , " he said . Rowe 's lawyers have stepped up their efforts to bolster her public image by firing off warning letters and demanding retractions when they see reports they think are wrong . One letter sent Tuesday demanded the New York Post retract its report that Rowe had agreed to drop her custody claims for $ 4 million . "  Ms. Rowe has not accepted -- and will not accept -- any additional financial consideration beyond the spousal support she and Michael Jackson personally agreed to several years ago , " Eric George said in the letter . "  Among the several contenders for overzealous and inaccurate sensationalism , the New York Post has now seized top honors , " George wrote to the paper . "  It would be easier to identify those few background facts that are accurate than to catalog the number of blatant falsehoods in your story . " "  The Post stands by its story , " New York Post Editor-in-Chief Col Allan told CNN . Rowe also filed a lawsuit this week against a woman who claimed in a TV interview to have e-mails from Rowe saying she did n't really want to raise the children . The suit asked that Rowe be given any money paid to the woman for the interview . CNN 's Kay Jones contributed to this report .	Lawyers for Katherine Jackson and Debbie Rowe working to avoid court battle Rowe 's friend says vilification in the press exacerbating grief over Jackson 's death Jackson and Rowe met when she was a nursing assistant for his dermatologist She told ABC in 2003 that she wanted to help Jackson become a dad
With a ruined centuries-old castle looming up on the hill above , the Slovakian village of Cachtice could easily take a starring role in a Gothic horror film . However , exactly 400 years ago , on August 21 , the horror was all too real , as the life of the most prolific female mass murderer of all time -- a noblewoman by the name of Countess Elizabeth Bathory -- came to a grim end . It 's not an anniversary they 're likely to celebrate in Cachtice , where Bathory 's reign of terror still haunts locals , but for some -- me included -- there 's a strange fascination . In the lovely Slovakian town of Trencin , my friend Martin and I are joined by two guides , Ivan Kralik and Peter Pastier , who work in the local tourism office . They drive us to the town of Cachtice , 30 kilometers away , recounting the story of the Blood Countess . The macabre name came from her apparent tendency to bathe in the blood of her victims . She 's said to have believed the blood of virgin girls would maintain her youthful-looking skin . Bathory 's life has been the subject of films , books and online websites -- and is thought by some to have influenced Bram Stoker 's 1897 novel "  Dracula " -- but seems to have been forgotten west of Vienna . Highborn and unaccountable , she was the absolute ruler of a patch of what is now Slovakia , and with the help of three of her servants sadistically tortured to death between 100 and 650 girls . We 'll never know the exact number . Missing daughters She was married to a nobleman , Ferenc Nadasdy , a Hungarian national hero of the wars against the Turks . Although there were reported killings before his death in 1604 , afterward she seems to have become totally unhinged . She settled in Cachtice and more and more girls started disappearing from the surrounding villages . It was said she eventually ran low of girls to satiate her habit and she began to lure victims of higher born families , who began to notice their missing daughters . By 1610 , rumors of her horrible deeds had reached the Hungarian king , who sent his second in command , Palatine Georgy Thurzo , to investigate . In December 1610 , Bathory was arrested along with three of her servants , who were tortured and burned at the stake . She was n't put on trial but walled-in at Cachtice Castle , where she died on August 21 , 1614 . Castle restoration Cachtice today is a well-off village with large houses sporting high hedges , satellite dishes and top-end SUVs parked in the driveways . We could be anywhere in Central Europe but for a large , wooden statue of Elizabeth Bathory in the main square . A sign points us to the castle , which stands 2.5 kilometers away in the middle of a thickly forested nature reserve . It 's a pleasant 40-minute walk up the narrow stony path under oak , beech and chestnut trees , through mulberry bushes and wild strawberries . The castle is a ruin , but pictured alone against a blue sky , looks majestic and aloof . It reopened in June 2014 after a much needed two-year restoration . One tower collapsed in the 1980s leaving only two towers standing : an eastern defensive tower with a chapel and a south-facing residential tower where Countess Bathory died . Amazingly , it 's still possible to walk around her living quarters , the likely location of her imprisonment and death . The roof has long disappeared , but the wall shows the sign of a ceiling . I reckoned it 's four meters  13 feet  high in a four-by-five meter room . I shiver as I see the remnants of what looks like a bricked-up window . Sense of shame What do the locals think of the Countess today ? "  The older generation seems ashamed of her . There were some protests when Bathory 's statue was erected in the square , " says 18-year-old Adam Pisca , who has a summer job as a castle guide . "  The younger generation does n't view the past so bad . We know she murdered women but she is not important to us . "  Before the castle reconstruction , we had barbecues inside and camped in tents overnight ! " Back in the village , we step into the 14th-century church of St. Ladislav where Father Vladimir Ondas shows us around . Elizabeth Bathory was buried here , but no one has found her grave . Her body was probably moved later to Nagyesced , the Bathory ancestral seat in today 's Hungary . Father Vladimir has a surprise for us , however . He unlocks the Gothic chapel outside , which boasts three painted wooden panels from Cachtice Castle . They are the only items remaining from the castle 's interior decoration . Next to the church there 's a small but interesting museum with portraits of Elizabeth Bathory and the people in her life , a reproduction of her clothes , old castle gravures and photos , as well as a range of heraldic insignia and local costumes . But it 's the local wine co-op we really want to see , and not just for the wine . The building stands on the site of the old Bathory manor house . It 's here that the Countess conducted most of her torture sessions . Today only an external wall still stands , but the original cellars that have seen so much pain and anguish are intact and are now used to store several wine barrels . Jozef Carada , one of the co-op owners , provides us with a tasting . The wines are uniformly excellent . Some bear a "  Bathory Blood " label . The brand was discontinued in 2010 , but after customer pressure , it was reintroduced in 2014 along with a special vintage celebrating the 400th anniversary of her death . It 's ruby red , of course . Visiting Cachtice Visitors will need their own wheels to get to Cachtice Castle . The closest town with decent hotels is Trencin , 30 kilometers north of the village of Cachtice . The best way to get there is by rail . There are 10 direct trains per day  60-80 minutes travel time from Bratislava  . Tickets cost $ 6-16  $ 8-21  each way . There 's a  slow  bus service ; the travel time is approximately two hours ; tickets cost $ 6 / $ 8 . The best hotel in Trencin is the four-star Hotel Elizabeth  Generala Milana Rastislava Stefanika 2 , Trencin ; +421 32 6506 111 , double room from $ 132  . There 's no direct connection via public transport from Trencin to Cachtice Castle . The best way to get there is by taxi  $ 40  . The Trencin tourist office  +421 32 6504 711 , kic@trencin.sk  or the reception desk at Hotel Elizabeth can arrange an English-speaking guide . Cachtice Castle is open May-October  Monday-Friday , 10 a.m.-5 :30 p.m. , Saturday and Sunday , 10 a.m.-6 p.m. ; entrance $ 3.50  . Originally published August 2014 .	It 's unknown exactly how many girls the Blood Countess tortured and killed . Reports range from 100 to 650 victims She was never convicted of her crimes but was kept under house arrest in Cachtice Castle The Bathory name is now a brand of surprisingly excellent wines called "  Bathory Blood "
CNN  -- This week on "  The Big Three , " we take a look at what might have been Obama 's worst week ever -- as a negative trifecta of scandals threaten to overwhelm his administration and derail his ambitious legislative agenda . We get a reality check with special guest , U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison . And no talk about the biggest stories of the week would be complete without a conversation about Angelina Jolie 's decision to have a preemptive double mastectomy and the message it sends to millions . The scandals outweighed what might have otherwise have been regarded as a stretch of good news for Obama on the economy , with the Dow hitting historic highs and the Congressional Budget Office prediciing this week that the budget deficit will shrink to $ 642 billion . But these stories were quickly eclipsed . Benghazi looked bad enough . But the unwelcome addition of the IRS and Associated Press phone scandals have outraged even administration allies and led some critics to suggest that the second-term president 's agenda is now stalled . Let 's look at the IRS first . It 's nobody favorite agency but the news that agents has inappropriately singled out conservative groups for additional scrutiny when applying for tax exempt status sent ripples of outrage through the political landscape . The fact that an inspector general report found no connection to the White House and that none of the conservative groups were ultimately denied tax-exempt status provided cold comfort because of the chilling effect of the inquiry . The president fired the acting head of the IRS and a second high-ranking official , but congressional hearings are looming .  For some fun fireworks , Margaret disagrees with my prescription for the problem : more IRS investigations on partisan political groups applying for tax-exempt status , with the crucial exception that those inquiries should be scrupulously nonpartisan . The second scandal hit the press where it lived . The Associated Press was informed this week that the Justice Department had subpoenaed reporters ' phone records over a leak that the attorney general , Eric Holder , said compromised national security and lives . That Republicans had initially demanded the investigation for what they called election-year grandstanding by the Obama administration on its record against al-Qaeda did not stop their condemnation . But now that the press has found its privacy compromised , my guess is that there will be new scrutiny on this issue . The administration 's response was a renewed push for the media shield law . But make no mistake -- neither of these scandals is over . The big question is whether they will derail the president 's legislative agenda -- specifically , the goal of passing bipartisan immigration reform . Dean introduces our guest this week on "  The Big Three , " Rep. Ellison , D-Minnesota , who describes himself as "  cautiously optimistic " on the chance for legislation to still move through in this polarized , hyperpartisan environment . His remarks offer a helpful and hopeful reality check from the perspective of someone working inside the Capitol . Finally , Angelina Jolie . Margaret leads this conversation about a new awareness about decisions women can make , armed with the information provided by genetic testing . Jolie was able to determine that she had an overwhelmingly high chance of developing breast cancer and so the actress often described as "  the sexiest woman in the world " opted to have a double mastectomy . Beyond the issues of science and women 's health , we all agree that Jolie 's courageous actions are a positive example of how to leverage celebrity for the greater good . The Lohans and Beibers of the world should take notes . It 's a rare example of our celebrity-gossip-obsessed culture actually adding to the world 's intelligence rather than detracting from it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon	CNN Radio podcast features CNN Opinion contributors on top three stories They say administration facing scandals , including over AP phone records , IRS scrutiny Rep. Keith Ellison says he 's "  cautiously optimistic " legislation can still go forward They discuss Jolie mastectomy and say her revelation is celebrity leveraged for good
Beijing  CNN  -- Do you ever get the feeling you are being watched ? Closed circuit cameras recording your movements , strange noises on the phone line , phone calls that suddenly stop , emails being monitored , and private computer files and Facebook being hacked into . Oh yes , secrecy is no secret in China . Privacy is anything but private . As human rights activists , artists , dissidents , lawyers and journalists can attest to , if the long arm of the Chinese state wants to get you , it can . But it is n't only the authorities that people in China need to fear -- they may want to be wary of each other . A neighbor , a boss , a former friend ... anyone is a suspect , anyone can be a so-called "  cyber cannibal . " These online stalkers unite in a virtual manhunt or so-called "  Human Flesh Search " to target perceived wrong-doers . They scour the web -- blogs , forums , anywhere personal information can be found -- peering into the deepest corners of someone 's life , literally eating their privacy , revealing all secrets to exact their brand of punishment . One admitted cyber cannibal told CNN he was part of a group that outed a so-called cat killer , a woman who allegedly posted pictures of herself on the net , torturing the animals . Her case captured widespread media attention . "  This is the cat-abusing model . After being human flesh searched , she shunned media all together . She could no longer live a normal life ... had to cut off from most social activities . She could no longer show up in public , " he told us . Wang Jieyu can tell you all about the cyber cannibals ' devastating reach . The Beijing television director has had his life turned inside out . His phone number , personal photos , where he works and even the identity of his parents and friends , are now public knowledge . He has been abused in the vilest language via email , he is harassed day and night with hateful phone calls . Now this once confident , sharply dressed , successful young man is reduced to hiding , wearing a mask in public for fear of being recognized . "  My life has really been messed up in the past month , " he said . "  I received too many emails , they phone me at all hours , people abuse me ... they use dirty words . " Opening his computer , he showed me page after page of abuse . Some of it is directed at his parents -- especially his mother who is targeted with crude sexual taunts . Wang says it all started when he crossed a famous Chinese pop star , Shang Wenjie . He says he made a light-hearted jibe about Shang ona popular microblog -- a Chinese version of Twitter . Within hours the singer 's fans went into a frenzy . He does n't accuse Shang of inciting the hatred , and her management has declined CNN 's requests for comment . But Wang Jieyu 's personal life has now gone viral . "  Every day , Shang 's fans come and post nasty words from morning to night non-stop . My life and work was affected , " he said . Film maker Wang Jing has made a documentary about the phenomenon . He called it the "  invisible killer , " something he says taps into a deep-seated desire for vengeance , to get back at the world . "  I guess they are composed mainly of two kinds of people -- those who had tough luck with life themselves and thus hold grudges against others . They want to get even , " he said . The Human Flesh Search engine falls through the legal cracks in China . It is not outlawed , yet Chinese courts have described it as a dangerous phenomenon that undermines privacy laws . Wang Jing says some are motivated by good , using it to uncover corruption and to highlight injustice . But he says too many others are out to destroy lives . "  It can easily go too far , " he said . "  If anyone wants to ruin another person 's reputation he can simply make up things and ask others to ` human flesh search ' for him . I know another case in which a boy searched for his ex-girlfriend after breaking up . After knowing her whereabouts , he went to find her and then killed her . " When we go out with Wang Jieyu he dons his mask . This is how he lives now , afraid of being recognized and abused , still paying the price , he says , for crossing the pop star 's fans . "  I 'm afraid that Shang Wenjie 's fans might attack . They 've attacked me twice now so I 'm scared . So I wear a mask to prevent them from recognizing me . " But on the web there is nowhere to hide from the prying eyes of china 's cyber cannibals .	Chinese online stalkers are using "  Human Flesh Search " to target perceived wrong-doers One admitted cyber cannibal told CNN he was part of a group that outed a so-called cat killer Film maker Wang Jing has made a documentary about the phenomenon Wang Jieyu says he is now afraid of being recognized and abused
CNN  -- A long time ago a great three-time governor of Louisiana , Earl Long , said about Jimmie Davis , the two-time not very good governor of Louisiana , "  You could n't wake up Jimmie Davis with an earthquake . " As I go around the country and see various Democrats and talk to them on the phone , honestly I 'm beginning to think that we have become the party of Jimmie Davis . My message is simple : WTFU . Translated -- wake the you-know-what up , there is an earthquake . You think that Democrats around the country are going to win -- as I hear time and time again from people on the street . Democratic fundraisers , activists , supporters , and even politicians alike have somehow collectively lapsed into the sentiment that the president is going to be reelected and that we have a good shot to take the House back while holding the Senate . I ask : What are you smoking ? What are you drinking ? What are you snorting or just what in the hell are you thinking ? Look around the world -- do you see any governments or incumbents winning any elections out there ? Did it happen in small elections in Germany or Britain , big elections in France and Greece or how about huge elections in the United States in 2008 and 2010 ? Please folks -- wake up ! The polling ? Not that encouraging . The latest Democracy Corps poll was 47-47 . The Real Clear Politics average of polls has the president up a whopping three-tenths of a percentage point . And I am hearing the garbage that Democratic donors are telling Democratic fundraisers ... "  Obama has it in the bag . " Newsflash : Nothing is in the bag . Nothing can be taken for granted . Everybody from the precinct door-knocker , to the Chicago high command , to the White House , to the halls of Congress , to the Senate and House committees , to congressional leadership , here is a simple message : If we do n't get on the offense , reconnect with the American people , talk about how the middle class is in a struggle for its very existence , hold the Republicans accountable and fight like the dickens , we are going to lose . You can shoot five Bin Ladens , you can save 10,000 banks and 20 car companies , even pass the most sweeping legislation in modern American history ; if people do n't think that you are connected to their lives and are fighting for their interests they will vote your tush out of office in a nano-second . For historical reference see Winston Churchill election of 1945 and President George H.W. Bush in 1992 . So , fellow Democrats -- we 've got a fight on our hands . We 've got to fight in the same way that the people we care most about have fought for quite some time . They have been crushed by high health care costs , soaring education costs , stagnant wages and financial bailouts for irresponsible firms . Combine all of this with the fact that the Republicans are raising not millions , not tens of millions , but potentially hundreds of millions of dollars from the pollution industry as result of Citizens United v. FEC . There is a full-fledged legislative agenda in many states to keep Democrats from even voting . We are literally being attacked from every side while simultaneously being lulled into some self-induced stupor thinking that this thing is somehow in the bag . It is not . Oh I know what you are going to say , "  Look at Mitt Romney , look how pathetic he is ... " Actually pathetic is a kind word for Romney and this campaign . Mitt Romney is to presidential campaigns as the Delta House grade point average was to Faber College -- the worst in history . I mean , my God , when you hold a press conference to rebut charges that you have a Cold War mentality and then you have foreign policy "  experts " talk about Czechoslovakia and the Soviet Union in "  contemporary " terms -- really ? I know that the Swiss and Cayman Island bank accounts drive swing voters and independents over the edge . I 've gotten all of the reports from focus group moderators as to how devastating this is to Romney . Why a man who knows he is running for president  who claims to know something about the American economy  would for any reason keep money in offshore accounts , I have no idea . And I know that we are going to take him out to the cornfield  like at the end of the movie "  Casino "  on the Ryan budget . However , I fear that all of this will not be enough unless we have a real change of attitude about the difficult campaign ahead of us . It has been said that , "  Nothing so focuses a man 's attention as the prospect of being hanged . " Look around Democrats -- Come November let 's make sure that it 's Mitt and his bunch at the end of that figurative rope and not us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .	James Carville : Democrats are expressing confidence they will beat Romney easily He says the polls show the race is extremely close ; incumbents losing around world Touting accomplishments such as killing bin Laden , saving GM wo n't do the trick , he says Carville : Democrats must connect with voters ' worries about the economy
CNN  -- Top jockey Richard Hughes achieved the remarkable feat of seven winners from an eight-race card in a meeting at Windsor Monday . Hughes , who is heading for the title of champion jockey for the most wins in a season , all but secured the honor for the first time with his remarkable display at the racecourse in the south of England . He came close to going through the card -- only stopped from a clean sweep in the sixth race in which he finished third in a competitive handicap . The odds on his feat were a massive 10,168 to 1 , but British bookmakers reported that their losses were likely to be limited because betting volumes were low on a working day . "  It would also have been far worse had he rode seven winners on a busy Saturday . "  If we could choose a day for this to happen then Monday would be it , " said a spokesman for a leading firm . The 39-year-old Irishman is only the second jockey to achieve seven wins on the same day at a British meeting , the other was Frankie Dettori at Ascot in 1996 . He told broadcaster At the Races : "  I 'm over the moon -- it 's great to do it . I always said I might do it one day at Windsor , my lucky track . " Hughes achieved the first two wins on mounts trained by his father-in-law Richard Hannon , who supplies him with many favorable rides . "  Without Richard Hannon I would n't be doing any of it , " he added . The record for most successive wins is 12 , by the great Gordon Richards , who is the only jockey to be knighted by Queen Elizabeth II .	Jockey Richard Hughes wins seven out of eight races at Windsor Odds on the feat were a lengthy 10,168 to 1 Irishman Hughes set to be crowned champion jockey in Britain Frankie Dettori secured seven wins at Ascot in 1996
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- A trustee for Heath Ledger 's daughter has sued an insurance company over a $ 10 million policy the actor took out seven months before his death in January from a drug overdose . John S. Laviolette , a Los Angeles entertainment industry attorney whom Ledger appointed custodian of the policy , alleges in the lawsuit that ReliaStar Life Insurance Co. is trying to avoid paying on the policy by continuing to investigate whether Ledger 's death was a suicide . Under provisions of the policy , the company would not have to pay if Ledger committed suicide . The New York medical examiner ruled Ledger 's January 22 death an accidental overdose of six prescription drugs . ReliaStar says in legal papers that it has the right to investigate all aspects surrounding Ledger 's death "  to determine if the ` Suicide ' provision is applicable . " If Ledger committed suicide , ReliaStar says , "  we will pay only the amount of premiums paid to us . " The outcome is pending , a company spokesman said Monday . "  We have not rendered a decision on this case yet , " said Dana Ripley , a senior vice president for ING Americas , which is ReliaStar 's parent company . Ripley declined further comment . Laviolette 's attorney , Bill Shernoff , said Monday that ReliaStar is just "  looking for any possible loophole . " "  This information they want now , they should have done that before they issued the policy , " Shernoff said . "  They want to have this lengthy investigation to drag this out . We think it 's a fishing expedition . " ReliaStar has asked Laviolette to identify all doctors and hospitals or institutions that had treated Ledger since November 16 , 1996 . The policy was taken out in June 2007 . The money from the policy is supposed to go to Ledger 's 3-year-old daughter , Matilda Rose . The company , Laviolette says in the suit , "  acted maliciously , fraudulently and/or oppressively with the intention of depriving plaintiff of the insurance policy benefits . " ReliaStar replied in court papers that "  any and all actions taken by ReliaStar were fair and reasonable and were performed in good faith based on all relevant facts known to it at the time . " The suit , filed in Los Angeles Superior Court in July , has been moved to U.S. District Court . Ledger died at age 28 in New York . He is best known for starring in "  Brokeback Mountain " in 2005 , for which he was nominated for a Best Actor Academy Award , and his portrayal of the Joker in this year 's "  The Dark Knight , " which was released after his death . Matilda Rose 's mother is actress Michelle Williams , whom Ledger met on the set of "  Brokeback Mountain . " News of the lawsuit broke on the Web site tmz.com , which posted a copy of the suit .	Trustee for actor 's 3-year-old daughter says insurer has n't paid Company investigating whether Ledger 's death was suicide If Ledger killed himself , daughter would n't get money Medical examiner ruled January death an accidental overdose
CNN  -- Three days after Syrian government forces seized control of the strategically important city of Qusayr , aid workers remained unable Saturday to enter the region , the International Committee of the Red Cross said . "  As of today , ICRC still does n't have permission to enter Qusayr region and will continue to make all efforts to obtain access as and when security allows , " spokesman Ewan Watson said in a statement . The U.N. Security Council had urged on Friday that Syrian authorities let humanitarian reach the town . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said this week that it had received reports that as many as 1,500 wounded civilians were trapped in Qusayr , which endured nearly seven weeks of fighting until government forces gained control on Wednesday . The Syrian Network for Human Rights reported that almost 600 of the wounded were unable to walk . Many were trapped in narrow areas near the city , the network said . The ICRC said that , over the past two days , the Lebanese Red Cross transferred 39 Syrians to receive emergency medical care . The casualties were already on Lebanese territory and were not taken across the border by the Red Cross , Watson said . In the village of Eastern Bowaiyda in Homs province , where many of those displaced by fighting in al Qusayr have sought shelter , clashes erupted between rebels and Syrian troops after the government forces tried to latter attempted to advance on the area , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Saturday that the army had restored stability to the region . Most of those who fled Qusayr to Lebanon are women and children . "  Those we have spoken to say it is unsafe to flee with men , who are at heightened risk of being arrested or killed at checkpoints along the way , " said Melissa Fleming , spokeswoman for the U.N. 's refugee agency , earlier this week . Fleming said one woman told the agency that Qusayr residents were facing a stark choice : "  You leave and risk being killed ... or you stay and face a certainty of being killed . " Fighters from Hezbollah , the powerful Lebanese Shiite militia backed by Iran and the Syrian government , were involved in the takeover . The loss of what had been a rebel stronghold near the Lebanese border represented a blow to rebels ' efforts to oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and may portend heightened sectarian tensions . The government 's control of the city helps secure a critical link between the capital , Damascus , and Alawite strongholds such as Tartus and Latakia , said Charles Lister , an analyst at IHS Jane 's Terrorism and Insurgency Centre . He predicted that the manly Sunni rebels ' loss would spark a rise in cross-border attacks on Shiite towns in eastern Lebanon and possible attacks on Hezbollah forces farther inside the country . More than 70,000 Syrians -- most of them civilians -- have been killed in the two-year conflict , according to the United Nations . The growing need in Syria was underscored Friday when the United Nations made its largest appeal ever -- for more than $ 5 billion -- for relief aid to Syrians across the country . "  Syria as a civilization is unraveling , with as many as half of its citizens in need of urgent help as a result of this savage conflict , " said Antonio Guterres , the world body 's high commissioner for refugees , who announced the goal in Geneva . "  The funds we are appealing for are a matter of survival for suffering Syrians , and they are essential for neighboring countries that are hosting refugees . " More than 1.6 million Syrians have fled the country since the conflict began in March 2011 ; another 4.25 million are estimated to have been displaced inside it . The announcement came as the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs predicted that 3.45 million inside Syria could have crossed its borders by the end of the year and another 6.8 million people remaining inside Syria will need aid . That 's nearly half of the nation , which has a population of 22.5 million . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Still no access to aid 3 days after government forces take the city The Security Council is urging Damascus to allow aid to Qusayr The UN appealed Friday for $ 5 billion in aid to Syria
Health.com  -- People with diabetes are at increased risk of having a heart attack or stroke at an early age , but that 's not the only worry . Diabetes appears to dramatically increase a person 's risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease or other types of dementia later in life , according to a new study conducted in Japan . In the study , which included more than 1,000 men and women over age 60 , researchers found that people with diabetes were twice as likely as the other study participants to develop Alzheimer 's disease within 15 years . They were also 1.75 times more likely to develop dementia of any kind . "  It 's really important for the -LSB- public 's -RSB- health to understand that diabetes is a significant risk factor for all of these types of dementia , " says Rachel Whitmer , Ph.D. , an epidemiologist in the research division of Kaiser Permanente Northern California , a nonprofit health-care organization based in Oakland , California . Health.com : Signs and symptoms of type 2 diabetes Whitmer , who studies risk factors for Alzheimer 's but was n't involved in the new research , stresses that many questions remain about the link between diabetes and dementia . The new study was "  well done " and provides "  really good evidence that people with diabetes are at greater risk , " she says , "  but we really need to look at other studies to find out why . " Diabetes could contribute to dementia in several ways , which researchers are still sorting out . Insulin resistance , which causes high blood sugar and in some cases leads to type 2 diabetes , may interfere with the body 's ability to break down a protein  amyloid  that forms brain plaques that have been linked to Alzheimer 's . High blood sugar  glucose  also produces certain oxygen-containing molecules that can damage cells , in a process known as oxidative stress . In addition , high blood sugar -- along with high cholesterol -- plays a role in the hardening and narrowing of arteries in the brain . This condition , known as atherosclerosis , can bring about vascular dementia , which occurs when artery blockages  including strokes  kill brain tissue . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease "  Having high glucose is a stressor to the nervous system and to the blood vessels , " says David Geldmacher , M.D. , a professor of neurology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . "  The emerging information on Alzheimer 's disease and glucose shows us that we do need to remain vigilant on blood sugar levels as we get older . " Studies dating back to the late 1990s have suggested that people with diabetes are more likely to develop Alzheimer 's disease and other types of dementia , but the research has been marred by inconsistent definitions of both diabetes and dementia . The authors of the new study , led by Yutaka Kiyohara , M.D. , an environmental medicine researcher at Kyushu University , in Fukuoka , sought to address this weakness by using the gold standard of diabetes diagnosis , an oral glucose tolerance test . This involves giving a person a sugar-loaded drink after they have fasted for at least 12 hours , and then measuring how much glucose remains in their blood two hours later . Health.com : Exercise tips for people with type 2 diabetes At the beginning of the study , the tests showed that 15 % of the participants had full-fledged diabetes , while 23 % had prediabetes , also known as impaired glucose tolerance . The participants were all dementia-free when the tests were done , but over the next 15 years 23 % received a diagnosis of dementia . Slightly less than half of those cases were deemed to be Alzheimer 's disease , with the remainder roughly split between vascular dementia and dementia due to other causes .  The diagnoses were confirmed with brain scans of living patients and brain autopsies in deceased patients . Both diabetes and prediabetes were associated with an increased risk of dementia diagnosis , although the association was weaker for prediabetes . And the link persisted even after the researchers took into account several factors associated with both diabetes and dementia risk , such as age , sex , blood pressure , and body mass index . Health.com : Natural ways to lower blood pressure The results were published today in the journal Neurology . The next step , Whitmer says , will be to understand whether controlling blood sugar and reducing risk factors for type 2 diabetes also reduces dementia risk . She and her colleagues have several studies underway investigating these questions . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	People with diabetes were twice as likely to develop Alzheimer 's disease Diabetes could contribute to dementia in several ways The study included more than 1,000 men and women over age 60
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As he walks past the tiny , dingy waiting area into an equally cramped garage , Nui Srisook says business at his car repair shop is thriving . Drivers are choosing to keep their old cars longer , and they 're turning to repair shops to make it so , observers say . Sales are up 20 percent this month and Srisook spends most nights working late , helping his customers to get extra mileage out of their old cars . "  Most of the customers right now we see , they do n't really have much extra money to ... buy a new car . So that 's why they just do repair , " Srisook said . "  And now , people are willing to spend more money on maintaining the car , deciding what is broke , anything that needs to be maintained on the car . " As more cash-strapped Americans turn to do-it-yourself projects and bargain shopping , car repair shops like Srisook 's are feeling the boon . Drivers are choosing to keep their old cars longer , and often they 're willing to put in the money to do so , observers say . The Automotive Service Association reports their members ' sales were up 16 percent over last year . Watch Kate Bolduan 's report on the thriving auto repair industry " "  That indicated that people were coming in and putting the vehicle in the repair facilities ' hands and saying , ` Look , I am going to be keeping this car . I want to be sure it runs well . I want to be sure that if there are any safety issues or any maintenance issues that I have overlooked , let 's get those taken care of , ' " said ASA President Ron Pyle . Pyle said that 's a change from the past , when drivers would scrimp on the cost of maintenance and repair . "  That was surprising news . We did n't expect that in the midst of the beginnings of the economic woes , " Pyle said . "  But they are looking at the cost of trying to purchase a new vehicle ... so I think that in relative terms that $ 1,000 repair to keep a $ 2,500 car running may be an attractive alternative . " The economic slump has cut automakers deeply . Last month , sales of new cars were down more than 40 percent compared with the same time last year , according to sales tracker Autodata . The trend seems to have translated into increased traffic at auto parts stores . "  We 're doing way more business . The phones are ringing , you know , customers are walking in , " said Darryl Wright , owner of D.C. Brake & Bearings Co. "  Basically , if it 's broke , they fix it . " In the past , only savvy auto mechanics knew to shop at Wright 's nondescript discount store . Now , he sees more car owners who are looking for a cheaper deal on parts . " -LSB- Customers will -RSB- find a guy on the street , you know -- Joe Shady Mechanics is what we call them -- to fix it at a deeper discount rate , labor-wise , and they 'll send the customer in here to buy the parts on their own , " Wright said . "  So people are saving money that way too . " Srisook said he keeps service prices low to appeal to those bargain shoppers , such as Esther White , a loyal customer . She brought in her daughter 's 1996 Oldsmobile for new rotors and brakes , and said her daughter would be driving the car "  until it drops dead . " "  Believe it or not , we were raised to fix things , and to hold on to things as long as we could , " White said . "  But it goes back to today 's economy , and making the right financial decisions . "	As more strapped Americans opt to fix their cars , repair shops are doing well Automotive Service Association : Members ' sales grew 16 percent over the last year D.C. shop owner : "  People are willing to spend more " to keep cars well-serviced Trend seems to have translated into increased traffic at auto parts stores , as well
Newark , New Jersey  CNN  -- To the family of Zina Hodge , the man who dashed into their burning home and pulled their loved one to safety through intense heat , falling embers and dense smoke could just be Superman . But Newark Mayor Cory Booker most definitely did not feel like the Man of Steel on Friday as he recovered from smoke inhalation and second-degree burns suffered during the rescue of his 47-year-old neighbor the previous night . "  I did not feel too heroic , " Booker told reporters . "  It all happened very , very quickly and I just feel very blessed that she and I got out of the building alive . " Booker , 42 , has fostered a reputation as a hands-on mayor of sorts , once spotted shoveling city streets during a 2010 blizzard and using his Twitter feed to coordinate snow plows and the delivery of supplies . His latest feat for his constituents went viral Friday as news of the rescue spread and social media users quickly dubbed him "  Super Mayor . " A new Tumblr blog named SuperCoryBooker was thrown together Friday with tongue-in-cheek memes about the mayor 's knack for getting things done . "  Just another day , saving Newark , " read one . For his part , Booker was quick to cast off the "  superhero " title . "  I think that 's way over the top , " he said outside his home . "  There are people who do this every day , " referring to police officers , firefighters and other first-responders . "  I 'm a neighbor that did what most neighbors would do , which is to jump into action to help a friend , " Booker said . The incident began around 9:30 p.m. Thursday as Booker was en route to his Newark residence . Two members of his security detail -- already waiting outside for the mayor -- noticed flames coming out of a second-story window of the neighbor 's home and called fire dispatch before banging on the door to alert the home 's occupants . The security officers , Detectives Alex Rodriguez and Santos Duran , managed to rescue three people by the time Booker arrived . "  As the last one was coming out , I was going up the stairs and she 's screaming that her daughter is still in the building , " Booker recalled . Flanked by the two detectives , Booker rushed toward the building , he said . "  Something exploded and sent a lot of flames over the steps , and my detail just grabbed me and started trying to drag me out of there , " he said . Booker exchanged heated words with Rodriguez , who was pulling him by the belt to get him to safety . "  Look , this woman is going to die if we do n't continue , " Booker recalled saying . The detective relented and let him continue on . Once inside , Booker had what he described as his "  proverbial come-to-Jesus moment " as he felt the intensity of the heat and had trouble finding Hodge . "  The reality is I did n't feel any courage . I felt fear , " he said . "  I 've never been so almost convinced that this was it . It was time to hope that I was going up and not down . " But just as he was "  praying , thinking , hoping , " Hodge called out and Booker found her in a back room . Hoisting her , Booker ran through the flames , embers falling from the ceiling , and made his way outside before collapsing onto the sidewalk . "  Her mother gave me a hug I 'll never forget for getting her out , " he said . "  At that point , I felt this sense of gratitude . To go moments from thinking you 're dead to kissing the Newark pavement ... I felt like I was delivered from the fires of hell . " Thursday 's rescue marked Booker 's latest foray into the media spotlight . The mayor has enjoyed a steady rise in national prominence as an outspoken advocate for urban issues since taking office in 2006 . His efforts to turn around a city long struggling with high crime , chronic poverty and a restrictive budget are chronicled on the Sundance Channel 's series "  Brick City . " His reputation also contrasts with that of several previous Newark mayors , a few of whom were convicted on corruption-related charges . Hodge is being treated at Barnabas Hospital in Livingston , New Jersey , where she is in serious condition , officials said . Newark Fire Director Fateen Ziyad said the three other residents who were removed from the home "  are doing well . " "  It 's like one in a million , the mayor to get your family out , " said Robert Cooper , 20 , who is Hodge 's nephew . Still , Booker said his two detectives were "  the real heroes " and sought to give Rodriguez and Duran most of the credit . As for his own super powers , Booker said the whole incident "  unfolded in a way that I think that angels helped to make it so . " CNN 's Marina Landis and Mark Norman contributed to this report .	Cory Booker is quickly dubbed "  Super Mayor " as word of his heroic rescue spreads He insists he was not heroic but did "  what most neighbors would do " "  I felt like I was delivered from the fires of hell , " Booker says Zina Hodge , 47 , is in serious condition
CNN  -- Having conquered the desktops , music libraries and phones of millions , Apple reportedly wants to adorn one more spot in the life of the gadget-obsessed -- their wrists . The company is developing a smart watch that would run on the same iOS operating system that powers iPhones , iPads and some iPods , according to a report in The New York Times . The watches would include a curved glass screen , according to the Times report , citing "  people familiar with the company 's explorations . " Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment Monday . Last year , Corning , which makes the Gorilla Glass used for iPads and iPhones , unveiled a thinner , more touch-sensitive version of their product that could make it easier to produce a watch with curves . And , yes , assuming it includes chat-feature Facetime , Dick Tracy fans could actually live out those decades-old dreams of having a video-enabled Two-Way Wrist Radio . What other features might such a watch have ? Observers have speculated about monitoring of the wearer 's vital signs or turn-by-turn directions , spoken by Siri , Apple 's "  voice assistant . " Of course , such reports are no sure thing . Over the years , Apple has reportedly poked around into products ranging from cars to cameras without any commercially available product ever coming from it . An Apple TV has been in the rumor stages for years now , and while many observers still expect one to surface eventually , there have been no signs yet . If the plans are indeed sincere , Apple may be taking a cue from the interest the market already has shown in such a product . Pebble , a watch that uses Bluetooth technology to link up with the user 's smartphone , racked up a record $ 10.2 million on Kickstarter last year . TikTok and LunaTik , two styles of a wrist-strap gadget that turns an iPod Nano into a smart watch , raked in another $ 942,000 . At least one analyst told the Times that the move makes sense , although it might be a while before an "  iWatch " hits the shelves . "  Over the long term , wearable computing is inevitable for Apple ; devices are diversifying , and the human body is a rich canvas for the computer , " said Sarah Rotman Epps , a Forrester Research analyst who specializes in mobile technology . "  But I 'm not sure how close we are to a new piece of Apple hardware that is worn on the body . "	The "  iWatch " would have a curved screen and run on iOS , report says The public has shown interest in "  smart " watches on Kickstarter Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment
CNN  -- Detroit was once known as the automobile capital of the world -- a global symbol of modernity and a testament to the power of American capitalism . After decades of industrial decay , however , the "  Motor City " finally crashed when it filed for municipal bankruptcy in July 2013 . Many long-time investors fled for safer havens beyond the city limits as property prices plummeted and businesses suffered . But not everyone took flight . Others settled in for the long haul , sure that the city that brought us the sounds of Motown and some of the most iconic cars ever built would bounce back . One such man was Fernando Palazuelo . The Peru-based developer stunned Detroiters by purchasing the abandoned Packard automotive plant earlier this year -- one of the most famous buildings to be sold after the city filed for bankruptcy and the most emblematic eyesore of Detroit 's fall . But Palazeulo sees beauty and possibility amid the ruin of the Packard site . "  I think that the Packard Plant is in the best location ... surrounded by extraordinary highways , railways , airports , very close to Canada , " Palazuelo said . A look at the numbers illustrates why international investors Like Palazuelo are entranced by Detroit 's under-appreciated assets . Palazuelo bought the 325,000 square meter  3.5 million square feet  Packard space for just $ 405,000 . To put these figures into context , San Francisco 's average price per square meter of office space is about $ 6,000 . With Detroit home to an estimated 78,000 abandoned buildings , it is little wonder then that international buyers spy an opportunity with big potential returns . A Chinese firm bought three properties downtown last year . In around 15 years , at a cost of approximately $ 350 million , Palazuelo envisions transforming the Packard site into a residential , commercial and industrial hub . "  Ten years  and  you will not recognize it , " he said excitedly . "  You will think it was always in perfect shape . So we will do it . " Six years ago Palazuelo invested heavily in Lima 's historical center , an area also blighted by vandalism and decades of deterioration . He bought property at rock-bottom prices then sat back and watched the value quickly rise . Detroit , and the world , will be watching closely watch to see if history repeats itself and if Palazuelo 's financial prediction bears fruit . See also : Dutch architects build 3D printed house See also : London 's insane luxury basements See also : Bourdain in Detroit	Detroit was once a powerhouse of automotive manufacturing but has suffered in recent years International investors are snapping up sites for a fraction of their previous value in the city Some are looking to build big property development projects on the land they buy
CNN  -- The next generation of space robot is here . It looks like an astronaut in a spacesuit , with a head , a torso , two arms and two hands that can grasp and hold objects just like a human hand . Its name is R2 , short for Robonaut 2 . And it 's heading to the International Space Station aboard the space shuttle Discovery in September . For more than three years , a team of General Motors engineers and NASA scientists worked side by side at the Houston 's Johnson Space center -- designing , engineering and building the 300-pound , human-like machine . At first , the partnership between a space agency and an auto maker may seem unlikely but it made perfect sense for the R2 venture . GM has used both industrial and commercial robots in its auto assembly plants , mainly single-arm robots . "  We 've used robots for years and years , " said Marty Linn , GM 's principal robotics engineer . "  We use robots in basically every single one of our manufacturing plants today around the world . " Turns out that what the astronauts need on a space mission is not very different from what an operator in an assembly plant needs . "  We spent a lot of effort working on the technologies that will allow us to have robots work right next to human operators very safely , " Linn said . "  For General Motors , it 's really about the the technologies and being able to make the robots safe to work around . " NASA has the same goal . "  This project exemplifies the promise that a future generation of robots can have both in space and on Earth , not as replacements for humans but as companions that can carry out key supporting roles , " said a statement from John Olson , director of NASA 's Exploration Systems Integration Office . "  The combined potential of humans and robots is a perfect example of the sum equaling more than the parts , " he said . "  It will allow us to go further and achieve more than we can probably even imagine today . " Linn said the R2 will be an astronaut 's helper . "  That 's really what it was designed to do , to help astronauts in performing their regular tasks , " Linn said . And at GM , he said , the R2 was about developing technologies that will help build safer manufacturing plants and better-quality vehicles . It 's hoped that the robot will minimize danger to astronauts , relieve them of ergonomically challenging tasks as well as jobs that are dull and repetitive . R2 will be able to perform a variety of experiments in micro-gravity , basically working side-by-side with the astronauts , but will still be in a testing phase when it arrives at the International Space Station . It is n't built to withstand the extreme temperatures in space , so it will be confined to a lab inside the station . But in the years ahead , scientists hope the R2 will be enhanced enough to move freely around the complex . Is the R2 a precursor of things to come ? Are there robotic teachers and robotic drivers in the near future ? How about robotic babysitters or store clerks ? "  I 'm a big fan of imagination , " Linn said . "  And certainly you could imagine all those things . Is it that far off ? I do n't think so . "	The robot 's name is R2 , short for Robonaut 2 R2 will travel to the International Space Station aboard the space shuttle Discovery R2 is able to perform experiments in micro-gravity , working with astronauts
CNN  -- Sanctions against Iran are illegal and are undermining international law , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said in an exclusive , wide-ranging interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . "  When it comes to sanctions , have they been successful so far ? Sanctions first and foremost are illegal , " he told Zakaria on Wednesday on the sidelines of the annual World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . "  And a Congress which claims to be making laws should not contravene international laws . " "  These sanctions translate into the weakening of the NPT  Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons  , the weakening of international laws and regulations . No other country can decide for another country . " Rouhani 's comments follow the announcement of a bipartisan proposal in the U.S. Congress calling for new U.S. sanctions , with implementation delayed to allow negotiations to continue . A senior U.S. Senate aide told CNN this month that an informal count for the move had surpassed 75 votes -- more than enough for the Senate to override the presidential veto that Barack Obama has pledged would follow any such measure . "  We are not afraid of threats , " Rouhani said . "  And the language of threats is ineffective when it comes to Iran . The language they need to choose should be a legal one , a respectful tone of voice when addressing the Iranian people . ... It benefits our region and the interests of other countries . " Suspicions about the U.S. . The Iranian president suggested mistrust of the United States is deep-rooted , adding that "  with regards to the policies of various American administrations in the past 30 years , " the Iranian public is "  very worried . ... They do n't trust them . " Still , Rouhani said there is "  full readiness " on the part of Iran "  to take the final step " on the nuclear issue . Asked about President Obama 's recent comment that he thought there was a no more than a 50-50 chance of completing a comprehensive agreement with Iran , rather than just the interim deal that was signed in November , Rouhani said that though the last step would be more difficult than the first , "  the conditions allow us to take the final step . " On Monday , the International Atomic Energy Agency said it was "  pleased " to note that the implementation of the Joint Plan of Action had begun , including the halting of production of uranium enriched to 20 % . It said the moves were "  an important development . " According to the U.S. , under the deal , Iran must eliminate its stockpile of uranium that 's enriched to higher levels , dismantle some of the infrastructure that makes enrichment possible , and allow a broader and more intrusive set of inspections of its nuclear programs . However , Rouhani insisted that Iran still had a right to peaceful nuclear technology , including enrichment , which he described as "  part and parcel of the inalienable rights of states . " "  It is part a part of our national pride , and nuclear technology has become indigenous , " he said . "  And recently , we have managed to secure very considerable prowess with regards to the fabrication of centrifuges , " he added , explaining that "  not under any circumstances " would Iran destroy any of its existing centrifuges . Minister : U.S. mischaracterized deal Rouhani 's comments on the country 's centrifuges came the same day as remarks by Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif suggesting that the Obama administration had mischaracterized Iranian concessions . Speaking to CNN chief national security correspondent Jim Sciutto , Zarif said : "  The White House version both underplays the concessions and overplays Iranian commitments . " He also reiterated Rouhani 's insistence that Iran will not be dismantling its centrifuges . "  In the context of R&D and peaceful nuclear technology , we will not accept any limitations , " Rouhani told Zakaria , arguing that Iran 's need for medical isotopes necessitated a heavy water reactor . Critics worry that the Arak heavy water reactor could be used to produce plutonium , which has the potential to be used in a nuclear weapon . But Rouhani insisted it would be used for "  nuclear medicine , " not nuclear weapons . "  We are standing on our own two feet . Iranian scientists have designed this . We have constructed it . It 's nearly finished . So when it comes to medical concerns , we can not accept limitations . " Rouhani also dismissed the possibility that Israel , which has been strongly critical of the agreement with Iran , would attempt a military strike against its nuclear facilities . "  Israel knows very well what the response would be . Israel knows well our regional capability , " he said . "  When it comes to practice , the Israelis can not do that . If they do such a crazy thing , our response will make them rue the day . " Iran and Syria Rouhani was in Davos even as , on the other side of the country , talks continued on how to bring an end to Syria 's civil war . Iran was invited to participate Sunday , but the invitation was rescinded after Syria 's main opposition National Coalition threatened to boycott the talks . But while agreeing that other countries should come together to try to stop the conflict , Rouhani said elections were the key to resolving the issue . "  The Bashar al-Assad government has been there for some years now . It has been running the county for some years now , " he said . "  And if the people have some grievances , they need to go through legal channels , engage in free elections , for everyone to find out what the people need . " "  All of us should ... work together to bring about appropriate conditions inside Syria and help with elections . Everyone should respect the vote of the Syrians . Whatever the Syrians say , that should be enough . If outside countries want to decide for Syria , they are wrong . It 's impractical . It 's illegal . "	"  No other country can decide for another country , " Iranian President says He says the Iranian public is "  very worried . ... They do n't trust " the United States Still , Rouhani says , Iran is ready "  to take the final step " on the nuclear issue Comments follow announcement of a proposal in U.S. Congress calling for new U.S. sanctions
CNN  -- The number of Americans fighting off hunger stayed level last year , though food insecurity rates remain the highest they have been since the federal government began keeping track 15 years ago , a Department of Agriculture report released Monday found . About 14.7 percent of U.S. households were "  food insecure " in 2009 , meaning they had difficulty feeding one or more of their members at some point last year due to a lack of financial resources , according to the report . That equates to 17.4 million households total , or roughly 45 million people . This year 's rate marked a slight increase in percentage from 2008 , when 14.6 percent of American households had trouble putting food on the table . The situation was especially dire for more than one-third of those households -- 6.8 million total , equating to 5.7 percent of all U.S. households -- that the report 's four authors classified as having "  very low food security . " This number , too , changed little in 2009 compared to the previous year . A lack of resources prompted one or more members of these households to eat much less or otherwise adjust their eating patterns . The typical household in this category struggled with food issues for at least a few days a month over seven months of the year , the report said . Households headed by single parents were more likely to struggle with food insecurity than those with two parents at home . Hunger-related issues were more prevalent among African-American and Hispanic households than white ones , the study found . Access to food was also more common in large cities than in rural areas , exurbs or suburbs . Most of those classified as "  food insecure " reported getting benefits from the federal government 's three main anti-hunger initiatives : the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , the National School Lunch Program and the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women , Infants and Children , better known as WIC . In a press release , the U.S. Department of Agriculture reported that 18.7 percent more people had participated in the former program in 2009 over 2008 . Rates also rose for the "  free lunch " program  up 5.4 percent  and WIC  up 5.8 percent  . "  This report highlights just how critical federal nutrition assistance programs are for American families , " USDA Under Secretary for Food , Nutrition and Consumer Services Kevin Concannon said in a statement . The annual report from the Economic Research Service extrapolated from surveys of 46,000 households conducted on the Department of Agriculture 's behalf by the U.S. Census Bureau . People responded to questions such as their ability to afford balanced meals , whether they adjusted the size of meals due to lack of money , or if they ever went hungry due to a lack of financial resources .	"  Food insecurity " rates in the U.S. changed little from 2008 to 2009 , a report says Levels of fighting hunger are as high as they 've been since record-keeping began Participation in federal food assistance programs increased over the past year
I first saw the Costa Concordia glinting in the winter sun from 20,000 feet as my flight from London made a slow descent on its way to Rome 's Fiumicino airport . It seemed a distant blade of light lying next to a speck of an island . A surge of gasps and chatter reverberated around the cabin as Italian passengers craned their necks to see it . As I later approached the island on a ferry , the ship again came into view almost as soon as the ferry left the mainland . As we closed in , the vast scale of the cruise ship became clear . It was like looking at an apartment block lying in the sea : a ship , yes , but everything about its orientation was wrong . She lay on her side , the hull obscenely exposed to our widening eyes . The ferry passed within a couple hundred feet as we entered the main port of Giglio Island and the huge chunk of rock , the size of a car , could clearly be seen embedded in her hull . Over the next two weeks , I spent a large part of every day staring at the wreck -- and yet still it surprised me . Each morning my crew and I would descend the vertiginous road from our hotel , round a sharp bend and there was this colossal ship on her side . From the top of the island , the Costa Concordia looked exactly like a bath-time toy , carelessly capsized by a child 's hand . But this surreal tableau was etched in epic proportions . Now that the frantic first reports of what happened are behind us , CNN has built up a much more comprehensive view of what went wrong , thanks to documents , congressional testimony and interviews with dozens of experts , crew members , witnesses and passengers . Concordia disaster focuses attention on how cruise industry operates Since the night the Concordia capsized January 13 , CNN has continued to dig to figure out what happened aboard the ship and why . We spoke to officials with Costa Cruise Lines as well as Italian investigators examining the incident . We 've also spoken with officials with the International Maritime Organization , the body that oversees cruise safety . From a broad perspective , CNN examined the cruise industry as a whole . What we found will be unsettling for anyone who has taken or is thinking of taking a cruise : allegations of inadequate safety briefings and chaos in the minutes after the collision ; a captain who failed to sound a general alarm for almost an hour , meaning vital , lifesaving assemblies at lifeboat stations did not take place ; and a crew that felt unable to act without clear orders from their captain . In some cases , lifeboats were not able to be launched because by the time the general alarm finally sounded at 10:48 p.m. , the ship was leaning over too far to allow the lifeboats to launch . Thirty-two people died in the Concordia disaster . We learned that 6,000 tons of water entered the Concordia in just 20 minutes . For a ship three times the weight of the Titanic , it was fatal . Almost immediately , key equipment in the engine room was knocked out . The ship 's backup generators were flooded . Computers that monitor the ship 's stability were also compromised . CNN 's documentary team obtained remarkable footage from the ship 's bridge that revealed Captain Francesco Schettino grappling with a situation that was already out of control . His ship had a hole below the waterline the width of a football field . We also found compelling evidence that Schettino 's decision to "  salute " the island of Giglio by sailing perilously close caused the accident , but also that this was n't the first time the Costa Concordia had sailed within a few hundred yards of the rocks . Schettino is still awaiting trial on multiple charges of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and abandoning ship . Schettino escaped the ship on a lifeboat while the ship was capsizing . A transcript of his tense exchange with Port Authority officials can be read here , including their order to him to "  Get on board , damn it ! " Perhaps the most chilling account of the night in CNN 's documentary comes from a family on board - Californians Dean and Georgia Ananias and their daughters Valerie and Cindy . Their story , together with previously unseen footage of that night , gives a real sense of the terror of those trying to escape . The Ananiases were among the last to get off the Concordia alive . They are cruise veterans , having been on more than 60 voyages , but now they say they wo n't step foot on another ship until the industry changes . Some lessons have already being learned . Costa is introducing new rules about safety briefings , mandatory additional life jackets and , crucially , new equipment is being introduced to accurately track all of Costa 's ships and notify headquarters if the captain decides to take a detour . I 've never been on a cruise ; I love the sea and I 'm a keen sailor . But knowing all the concerns and questions about safety aboard cruise ships , I 'd want answers before I took a cruise . I would feel more comfortable when the reforms that the International Maritime Organization are recommending are made mandatory .	Writer on seeing Concordia : It looked like an apartment block lying in the sea CNN documentary digs into why the ship capsized January 13 and the chaos on board the cruise ship The documentary examines questions about the cruise industry as a whole
Washington  CNN  -- While space travel still gets a lot of attention , not enough attention has been accorded to a major new expedition to the deepest point in the ocean , some 7 miles deep -- the recent journey by James Cameron , on behalf of National Geographic . The cover story of the prestigious journal Foreign Affairs lays out the "  Case for Space . " "  60 Minutes " recently ran a story about the dire effects on Florida 's space industry of scaling back our extraterrestrial endeavors . Newt Gingrich gained attention earlier this year by calling for building a permanent base on the moon . And President Obama has talked of preparing to eventually send Americans into orbit around Mars . Actually , there are very good reasons to stop spending billions of dollars on manned space missions , to explore space in ways that are safer and much less costly , and to grant much higher priority to other scientific and engineering mega-projects , the oceans in particular . The main costs of space exploration arise from the fact that we are set on sending humans , rather than robots . The reasons such efforts drive up the costs include : A human needs a return ticket , while a robot can go one way . Space vehicles for humans must be made safe , while we can risk a bunch of robots without losing sleep . Robots are much easier to feed , experience little trouble when subject to prolonged weightlessness , and are much easier to shield from radiation . And they can do most tasks humans can . British astronomer royal Martin Rees writes , "  I think that the practical case  for manned flights  gets weaker and weaker with every advance in robotics and miniaturization . It 's hard to see any particular reason or purpose in going back to the moon or indeed sending people into space at all . " Nobel Laureate Steven Weinberg calls manned missions "  an incredible waste of money " and argues that "  for the cost of putting a few people on a very limited set of locations on Mars we could have dozens of unmanned , robotic missions roving all over Mars . " The main argument for using humans is a public relations one . As Neil deGrasse Tyson puts it in Foreign Affairs , "  China 's latest space proclamations could conceivably produce another ` Sputnik moment ' for the United States , spurring the country into action after a relatively fallow period in its space efforts . " Also , astronauts are said to inspire our youth to become scientists and explorers . However , it is far from established that we can not achieve the same effects by making other R&D projects our main priority . Take the oceans , about which we know much less than the dark side of the moon . Ninety percent of the ocean floor has not even been charted , and while we have been to the moon , the technology to explore the ocean 's floors is still being developed . For example , a permanent partially-submerged sea exploration station , called the SeaOrbiter , is currently in development . The oceans play a major role in controlling our climate . But we have not learned yet how to use them to cool us off rather than contribute to our overheating . Ocean organisms are said to hold the promise of cures for an array of diseases . An examination of the unique eyes of skate  ray fish  led to advances in combating blindness , the horseshoe crab was crucial in developing a test for bacterial contamination , and sea urchins helped in the development of test-tube fertilization . The toadfish 's ability to regenerate its central nervous system is of much interest to neuroscientists . A recent Japanese study concluded that the drug eribulin , which was derived from sea sponges , is effective in combating breast , colon , and urinary cancer . Given the looming crisis of water scarcity , we badly need more efficient and less costly methods to desalinate ocean water . By 2025 , 1.8 billion people are expected to suffer from severe water scarcity , with that number jumping to 3.9 billion by 2050â $ " well over a third of the entire global population . If the oceans do not make your heart go pitter-patter , how about engineering a bacteria that eats carbon dioxide -- and thus helps protect the world from overheating -- AND excretes fuel which will allow us to drive our cars and machines , without oil ? I can not find any evidence that people young or old , Americans or citizens of other nations , would be less impressed or less inspired with such a breakthrough than with one more set of photos of a far away galaxy or a whole Milky Way full of stars . Space enthusiasts claim that space exploration has generated major spinoffs for our life right here on Earth . Tyson quotes President Obama suggesting that the Apollo mission "  produced technologies that have improved kidney dialysis and water purification systems ; sensors to test for hazardous gases ; energy-saving building materials ; and fire-resistant fabrics used by firefighters and soldiers , " and adds a few more innovations to the list : "  digital imaging , implantable pacemakers , collision-avoidance systems on aircraft , precision LASIK eye surgery , and global positioning satellites . " Of course , the space environment is radically different from the one on Earth . Materials and technologies that are suited for a vacuum , zero gravity , and extreme cold and heat are not the ones we typically can use on Earth . Opinion : Gingrich 's moon colony lost in the laughter Elias Carayannis , professor of Science , Technology , Innovation and Entrepreneurship at The George Washington University , notes "  government agencies -- particularly those such as the National Space and Aeronautics Administration that are continually pressured to justify their activities -- tout the spin-off value of their investments in sometimes quite extravagant claims . " Products such as Velcro , Tang , and Teflon that are often cited as spinoffs of space technology did not actually result from the space program . Space promoters tell us , once every few months , that there are signs that there might be or has been water on one of the planets that might make "  life " possible . I wonder if some of those who hear these reports interpret them to mean that we expect to find a civilization out there , one that we could ally with , say against the Chinese . What scientists are really talking about is organic material , the kind found in any compost -- not a reason to spend billions of dollars of public funds . In short , do not cry for Mars . It is not going away . We can send R2D2 to explore it and still keep a whole pile of dough for important and inspiring exploration missions right here on Earth , starting at the beach nearest you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Many voices have suggested U.S. should reinvigorate its space program Amitai Etzioni says there are more pressing priorities on earth than in space Manned missions are much less cost effective than robotic exploration , he says Etzioni : Exploring the ocean , much of which is uncharted , is an urgent priority
CNN  -- With motor fluid spraying their faces and the weight of a car numbing their bodies , two Nevada college students struggled to stay calm after a drunk driver allegedly tore into their home , ripping them from their slumber . Kristin Palmer and Trent Wood were asleep in their home last week when a motorist allegedly drove into their bedroom around 4 a.m. , mistakenly believing it was his ex-girlfriend 's home . The University of Nevada students spent almost an hour pinned between the car and their bed while emergency workers battled furiously to free them . Somehow , the two left the scene with relatively minor scrapes and burns -- and a new lease on life , Wood said . "  When you experience something like that there 's no limits anymore , you can try to do whatever you want to do , " Wood told HLN 's Mike Galanos . "  We feel like we have more of a purpose , like we were meant to live . " Authorities say the motorist was drunk when he drove into the couple 's home in Sparks , mistakenly believing it was the home of his ex-girlfriend and her new boyfriend . Eric Cross is accused of drunken driving , battery with a deadly weapon , possession of a stolen vehicle , driving without a license and careless driving for his alleged role in the crash , which occurred October 21 , according to the Washoe County Sheriff 's Office . Initially , Woods struggled to comprehend what had happened to him after being abruptly torn from his slumber . "  I thought the roof caved in from an earthquake because it 's an old house , " Woods said . Then , his girlfriend began screaming and parts of the car came into focus , helping Woods to groggily piece the scene together , "  I could see the tire to the right side and I was like , there 's a car on top of me right now , " he said . "  That was really hard to get through my head . " As fluid poured from the car , burning Palmer 's face , the couple feared that the car might explode with them underneath , he said . Woods credited the slackness of the bed for preventing their legs from breaking altogether as the weight of the car pinned his girlfriend 's entire body and his lower half to the bed . "  She was screaming really badly because I could actually move above my chest and neck , but she could n't move anything , " he said . The couple calmed down somewhat after emergency workers arrived at the scene , using chainsaws to rip through the wall , Wood said . About 42 minutes later , they had lifted the car enough to let the couple wiggle out from underneath it without it crushing their lower bodies . "  When the car was lifted and you could see blood circulating back through my legs , that was probably the happiest moment of my life : Yes ! I 'm not paralyzed , " he said . "  I was so happy , hugging everyone and making sure Kristin was all right , " he said . "  I was just real happy to get out of there . " The couple is accepting donations through the Bank of America to replace items lost in the incident . HLN 's Amanda Sloane contributed to this report .	University of Nevada students asleep when motorist drove into home around 4 a.m. Kristin Palmer and Trent Wood were pinned between bed and car for 42 minutes Police say Eric Cross was targeting ex-girlfriend and new boyfriend and hit wrong home Couple struggled to stay calm as motor fluid flowed from car and their bodies went numb
CNN  -- The parents of a missing 10-month-old Missouri girl late Thursday indicated they are cooperating with detectives , counter to what police said earlier in the evening , a relative said . A woman who identified herself as Ashley Irwin , sister of Jeremy Irwin , read a statement on behalf of her brother and Deborah Bradley , parents of missing infant Lisa Irwin . "  We have never stopped cooperating with the police . We 've been cooperative from day one and we continue to assist the police with the investigation , " the statement said . "  The main goal has always been to find Lisa and bring her home . That remains the sole focus of the parents . " Ashley Irwin said the parents , who will release another statement Friday , wanted to thank police and the community for their efforts and prayers . Kansas City , Missouri , police Capt. Steve Young had said earlier that the pair had stopped assisting police in the investigation . "  I do n't have to illustrate how that affects the investigation , " Young said of the development . "  It speaks for itself . " Young , who said "  our door is always open " to the parents , told reporters that there are no suspects in the case . Earlier Thursday , the parents told reporters about how they discovered Lisa to be missing . "  She 's everything , " Bradley said of Lisa . "  She 's our little girl . She 's completed our family , and she means everything to my boys . We need her home . I ca n't be without her . " Irwin urged anyone with information to call police . "  Anything , even the smallest information , could help lead to her return , " he said . Lisa Irwin was last seen around 10:30 p.m. Monday , asleep in her crib , police said . They were called to the home at about 4 a.m. Tuesday . "  It appears the suspect entered/exited through a bedroom window , " authorities said in a statement . "  Evidence at the scene leads police to believe the child has been abducted . " Jeremy Irwin told reporters that he found Lisa missing when he got home from work . "  The front door was unlocked , " he said Thursday . "  Most of the lights were on in the house , and the window in front was open -- all very unusual . " The couple claimed three cell phones were missing at their home , Young said , but the information has not turned up anything . Police have said the parents are not considered suspects in Lisa 's disappearance . Young on Wednesday told reporters the family had been cooperative , but "  everything is still on the table . We have n't ruled anything out . " He said then that investigators "  really have n't developed any good , hard information that we can go forward with . " Nearly 50 tips have been received through a hotline , he said , but not all of them have been pursued , as some of them have been vague -- a person calling to report a child seat seen in a car , for instance . "  I know everybody 's hearts are in the right place , but that 's not anything we can do anything with , " Young said . Police have conducted more than 300 "  knock-and-talks " and searches of residences in the area , and more than 300 officers were searching for Lisa . There have been three searches of a wooded area near the family 's home , he said . "  I promise you , if there 's anything we think we can be doing , we 've probably done it two or three times already , " Young said . An Amber Alert was issued for Lisa early Tuesday but has been canceled . "  Although the investigation and search for Lisa Irwin continue , an active Amber Alert is no longer necessary in this case , " police said . However , Lisa is still considered missing and endangered , according to authorities . Lisa is described as 30 inches tall with blue eyes and blond hair , police said . She weighs between 26 and 30 pounds . She was last seen wearing purple shorts and a purple shirt with white kittens on it . She has two bottom teeth , a small bug bite under her left ear and a "  beauty mark " on her right outer thigh . She currently has a cold with a cough , police said .	NEW : Parents say they are cooperating with police , relative says Lisa Irwin 's mother says the girl is "  everything " Lisa was last seen asleep in her crib at 10:30 p.m. Monday Police say her parents are not suspects in her disappearance
CNN  -- Operation Serval , France 's swift military intervention to roll back advances made by Jihadist elements who had hijacked a separatist movement in northern Mali , could be a turning point in the ex-colonialist 's relationship with Africa . It is not , after all , every day that you hear a senior official of the African Union  AU  refer to a former European colonial power in Africa as "  a brotherly nation , " as Ambroise Niyonsaba , the African Union 's special representative in Ivory Coast , described France on 14 January , while hailing the European nation 's military strikes in Mali . France 's persistent meddling to bolster puppet regimes or unseat inconvenient ones was often the cause of much outrage among African leaders and intellectuals . But by robustly taking on the Islamist forces that for many months now have imposed a regime of terror in northern Mali , France is doing exactly what African governments would like to have done . This is because the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa  MUJAO  , Ansar Dine and al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  are a far greater threat to many African states than they ever would be to France or Europe . See also : What 's behind Mali instability ? Moreover , the main underlying issues that led to this situation -- the separatist rebellion by Mali 's Tuareg , under the banner of the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad  MNLA  , who seized the northern half of the country and declared it independent of Mali shortly after a most ill-timed military coup on 22 March 2012 -- is anathema to the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  . Successful separatism by an ethnic minority , it is believed , would only encourage the emergence of more separatist movements in a continent where many of the countries were cobbled together from disparate groups by Europeans not so long ago . But the foreign Islamists who had been allies to the Tuaregs at the start of their rebellion had effectively sidelined the MNLA by July last year , and have since been exercising tomcatting powers over the peasants in the area , to whom the puritanical brand of Islam being promoted by the Islamists is alien . ECOWAS , which is dominated by Nigeria -- formerly France 's chief hegemonic foe in West Africa -- in August last year submitted a note verbale with a "  strategic concept " to the U.N. Security Council , detailing plans for an intervention force to defeat the Islamists in Mali and reunify the country . ECOWAS wanted the U.N. to bankroll the operation , which would include the deployment a 3,245-strong force -- to which Nigeria  694  , Togo  581  , Niger  541  and Senegal  350  would be the biggest contributors -- at a cost of $ 410 million a year . The note stated that the objective of the Islamists in northern Mali was to "  create a safe haven " in that country from which to coordinate "  continental terrorist networks , including AQIM , MUJAO , Boko Haram -LSB- in Nigeria -RSB- and Al-Shabaab -LSB- in Somalia -RSB- . " Despite compelling evidence of the threat the Islamists pose to international peace and security , the U.N. has not been able to agree on funding what essentially would be a military offensive . U.N. Security Council resolution 2085 , passed on 20 December last year , only agreed to a voluntary contribution and the setting up of a trust fund , and requested the secretary-general "  develop and refine options within 30 days " in this regard . The deadline should be 20 January . See also : Six reasons events in Mali matter It is partly because of this U.N. inaction that few in Africa would label the French action in Mali as another neo-colonial mission creep . If the Islamists had been allowed to capture the very strategic town of SevarÃ © , as they seemed intent on doing , they would have captured the only airstrip in Mali  apart from the airport in Bamako  capable of handling heavy cargo planes , and they would have been poised to attack the more populated south of the country . Those Africans who would be critical of the French are probably stunned to embarrassment : Africa 's weakness has , once again , been exposed by the might of a foreign power . Watch video : French troops welcomed in Mali Africans , however , can perhaps take consolation in the fact that the current situation in Mali was partially created by the NATO action in Libya in 2010 , which France spearheaded . A large number of the well-armed Islamists and Tuareg separatists had fought in the forces of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , and then left to join the MNLA in northern Mali after Gadhafi fell . They brought with them advanced weapons , including shoulder-launched anti-aircraft missiles from Libya ; and two new Jihadist terrorist groups active in northern Mali right now , Ansar Dine and MUJAO , were formed out of these forces . Many African states had an ambivalent attitude towards Gadhafi , but few rejoiced when he was ousted and killed in the most squalid condition . A number of African countries , Nigeria included , have started to deploy troops in Mali alongside the French , and ECOWAS has stated the objective as the complete liberation of the north from the Islamists . The Islamists are clearly not a pushover ; though they number between 2,000 and 3,000 they are battle-hardened and fanatically driven , and will likely hold on for some time to come . The question now is : what happens after , as is almost certain , France begins to wind down its forces , leaving the African troops in Mali ? Nigeria , which almost single-handedly funded previous ECOWAS interventions  in Liberia and Sierra Leone in the 1990s , costing billions of dollars and hundreds of Nigerian troops  , has been reluctant to fund such expensive missions since it became democratic . See also : Nigerians waiting for ` African Spring ' Its civilian regimes have to be more accountable to their citizens than the military regimes of the 1990s , and Nigeria has pressing domestic challenges . Foreign military intervention is no longer popular in the country , though the links between the northern Mali Islamists and the destructive Boko Haram could be used as a strategic justification for intervention in Mali . The funding issue , however , will become more and more urgent in the coming weeks and months , and the U.N. must find a sustainable solution beyond a call for voluntary contributions by member states . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lansana Gberie .	French intervention in Mali could be turning point in relationship with Africa , writes Lansana Gberie France 's meddling to bolster puppet regimes in the past has outraged Africans , he argues He says few in Africa would label the French action in Mali as ` neo-colonial mission creep ' Lansana : ` Africa 's weakness has been exposed by the might of a foreign power '
CNN  -- Golfers everywhere beware ! The knee problems that left Tiger Woods on the sidelines and threaten his bid to overtake Jack Nicklaus as the all-time majors winner are not solely the preserve of star players . If you are a middle-age golfer with an expanding waistline you too could be placing great strain on vulnerable joints . It seems Woods ' left knee gave out because of the "  tremendous forces " he exerts during his swing , according to leading U.S. orthopedic specialist Dr. Nicholas A. DiNubile MD. . He has treated many leading athletes during his career , including NBA star Allen Iverson and is the best-selling author of "  FrameWork - Your 7 Step Program for Healthy Muscles , Bones & Joints . " "  Dr Nick has helped keep me keep me in one piece and that 's no easy job , " reads a personal testimony from former Philadelphia 76ers star on the surgeon 's official website . But the bulk of DiNubile 's day-to-day work involves treating less impressive physical specimens than the likes of Woods and Iverson , and middle age golfers are among his biggest clients . "  I see perhaps three to six per day and I tell most of them they could do with dropping a few pounds , " he told CNN . "  Every pound you are carrying equates to between five to eight in terms of pressure on the knee during a golf swing , " he revealed . The good news for the average hacker is that they are unlikely to suffer such a drastic injury as that suffered by 14-time major winner Woods . He tore his Anterior Cruciate Ligament  ACL  in 2008 and further problems flared up this year to sideline him from the U.S. and British Opens . DiNubile believes the former world number one can get back to his best , but warned : "  The knee is never quite the same when your tear the ACL . " A birds ' - eye view of how an ACL tear is fixed And that is where Tiger and the high handicappers have something in common because DiNubile believes that arthritis is a factor "  unavoidable after ACL surgery however perfect the procedure . " A common injury problem among golfers who have played for a number of years , other than lower back issues , is the tearing of the meniscus in the knee . Meniscus are shock absorbers and once they are damaged , the dreaded arthritis creeps in . With proper treatment , a good fitness program and shedding a few pounds , golfing careers can be extended , but DiNubile warns that arthritis "  goes through phases when it calms down , then out of the blue it comes back at you . " DiNubile was a special advisor to the president 's council on physical fitness and sports in the first Bush administration and helped former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger with his syndicated medical column . He has his own words of advice for Woods and other golfers suffering from a similar knee problem . "  Stay fit , lay off running , weights are great and there are joint supplements that help , as well as lubricants we can inject  into the knee  that tame arthritis a little . " Woods returned to action last month after an 11-week layoff and before the tournament in Ohio told reporters he felt the "  fittest he 's been in years . " The 35-year-old added : "  The great thing is I do n't feel a thing , Woods said of his left leg . "  It feels solid , it feels stable , no pain . That 's one of the reasons why I took as long as I did to come back is that I want to get to this point where I can go ahead and start playing golf again like this . " Physically fit again he may be , but Woods has struggled on the course , finishing down the field at his comeback event and missing the cut at this week 's U.S. PGA Championship . DiNubile has no doubt he can still challenge in the majors , but like other golfers with knee problems believes it will be a limiting factor . "  I do think it will indeed change the potential of what he might have accomplished . It is a real issue , " he concluded .	Leading U.S. orthopedic surgeon warns golfers about knee problems Dr.Nicholas DiNibule says the average golfer could do with losing weight to lessen pressure on knee Arthritis after a torn meniscus a very common problem he says DiNibule believes Tiger Woods has arthritis after his ACL tear in his left knee
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's decision to order a raid against Osama bin Laden in Pakistan was a courageous and gutsy call , said U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates . "  I 've worked for a lot of these guys and this is one of the most courageous calls -- decisions -- that I think I 've ever seen a president make , " he said during a CBS "  60 Minutes " interview that aired Sunday night . "  It was a very gutsy call . " The outgoing defense secretary said he had "  real reservations " about the intelligence surrounding the raid . "  I was very concerned , frankly , " he said . "  My worry was the level of uncertainty about whether bin Laden was even in the compound . There was n't any direct evidence that he was there . It was all circumstantial , but it was the best information that we had since probably 2001 . " U.S. officials had tracked a trusted bin Laden courier for years , who they believed was living with and protecting the al Qaeda leader . They were confident the courier lived at the Pakistan compound , but were not certain that bin Laden lived there too . The courier and his brother were among those killed in the raid . Gates said it would be "  premature " to talk about whether bin Laden 's death could accelerate the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan , now slated to start in July , but said he believes the United States is gaining the upper hand there . "  We have over the last 18 months put in place , for the first time , the resources necessary to ensure that this threat does not rebuild -- does not re-emerge -- once we 're gone . I think we could be in a position by the end of this year where we have turned the corner in Afghanistan , " he said . Gates , the only Cabinet member from the previous administration to stay on when Obama came into office , is expected to step down this year . Former President George W. Bush nominated Gates as the nation 's 22nd secretary of defense in December 2006 to replace Donald Rumsfeld , one of the architects of the Iraq war . During the early months of his tenure , Gates focused on implementing the "  troop surge " in Iraq , a strategy change that was under consideration before he became secretary . It called for increasing the number of troops in Iraq and focusing their efforts in Baghdad . The goal was to have Iraqi troops take the lead in military matters and allow political progress to proceed by isolating extremists . Although many on both sides of the political spectrum opposed the idea of 20,000 more American troops in Iraq , by 2008 violence declined , and Gates began overseeing the withdrawal of U.S. troops from the country , an endeavor that continues . "  I think had we left here with our tail between our legs , and with chaos , it would have been very bad for our army and for our military , " he said . Still , Gates told CBS that he was worried the United States would be "  penny-wise and pound-foolish " in Iraq in the months and years to come . The defense secretary also lashed out at the institution he runs during the wide-ranging interview , criticizing Pentagon bureaucracy . "  I think the hardest thing for me to deal with is leading a department that is organized to plan for war but not to fight a war . And so everything that I wanted to do to try to help the men and women in the field , I 've had to do outside the normal Pentagon bureaucracy ... that 's been very frustrating , " he said . "  I 've ruffled a few feathers at all the institutions I 've led , but I think that 's part of leadership . "	Gates says Obama 's call was gutsy and courageous The defense secretary says he had "  real reservations " about the intelligence Gates says the United States is gaining the upper hand in Afghanistan He lashes out at Pentagon bureaucracy
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Yoshiko Sato would love to give her only son a brother or a sister . But money struggles and Japan 's cost of living have pushed the mother to wait . Japanese mother Yoshiko Sato says the proposal "  would help us with a second child . " A proposal to pay parents about $ 3,400 a year per child has got her thinking seriously about expanding her family . The cash for kids plan is the brainchild of the country 's new ruling Democratic Party of Japan , which came into power during the elections this week . The proposal has garnered supporters and critics . "  It would help us with a second child , " Sato said . The proposal would pay families the money every year until the child reached high school . It is an effort to boost Japan 's birthrate , which is one of the lowest in the world and is a major drag on the country 's economy . It is compounded by Japan 's rapidly aging population . About a quarter of the country 's population is older than 65 , according to government figures . By 2050 , that number is expected to reach 40 percent . Watch as some parents ponder procreation " Nevertheless , the money for babies proposal has its critics . Economist Yuri Okina said she wonders where Japan 's government is going to come up with the money to fund it . The plan is not an instant fix , she said . What 's needed , Okina said , is a way for women to remain in the work force after having children instead of being forced out because of lack of child care . "  We have to make it normal in Japan for a woman to raise a child and have a career , " Okina said . Critics also have said the plan would not fix a significant problem for working families -- the lack of day care centers . About 40,000 children are on waiting lists for day care , according to government figures . These facilities ' scarcity is problematic for mothers such as Hiromi Espineli . "  Going back to work would be tough , " she said , "  since there are so few day care centers . "	New ruling party proposes to pay parents about $ 3,400 a year per child Democratic Party of Japan came to power this week in elections Plan is an effort to boost Japan 's birthrate , one of the world 's lowest Critics say plan would n't fix problem of too few day care centers
The raspy , gruff voice behind some of the most soulful songs of the past six decades is now gone . Legendary soul singer Bobby Womack died Friday , Womack 's publicist said . He was 70 . "  I am sadly able to confirm but I have no details at this time , " said Sonya Kolowrat , his publicist with XL Recordings . Womack , whose career started before he was 10 , wrote and performed hits such as "  That 's the Way I feel About Cha " and "  Across 110th Street . " He also wrote The Rolling Stones ' first U.S. No. 1 hit , "  It 's All Over Now . " Womack was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2009 . Last year , he revealed to BBC 6 music that he had early signs of Alzheimer 's disease . "  With the support of many good doctors , my family , and all of my wonderful fans , I will continue to write and perform and bring the good music to the people for as long as I can , " Womack told CNN after his diagnosis . He thanked his fans for their prayers and well wishes , adding , "  I truly appreciate and can feel your love . " Womack 's diagnosis came after several other health issues including pneumonia , diabetes , and colon cancer . The evolution of a legend Bobby Dwayne Womack was born in Cleveland , Ohio , in 1944 . His father , a steelworker , also sang gospel -- and young Bobby followed in his father 's musical footsteps . "  We came up very poor . My kids have had a much better life than I 'd ever thought of livin ' , " Womack said on his website . By age 10 , Womack and his four brothers -- Friendly Jr. , Cecil , Harry and Curtis -- formed The Womack Brothers . They started touring the gospel circuit . Then came an encounter that would change the course of the group . In 1953 , The Womack Brothers met Soul Stirrers lead singer Sam Cooke . After The Womack Brothers changed their name to the Valentinos , Cooke signed them to his SAR Records label , and the Valentinos ' success took off with the hit "  Lookin ' for a Love . " "  Sam had charisma and a very special way to get into people 's hearts through his songs and his music , " Womack said in the book "  Midnight Mover . " "  But Sam was n't just a singer , he was a leader , and he was getting ready to shake things up , to raise the consciousness of the world and stop prejudice . " But in 1964 , Cooke was shot to death at a Los Angeles motel . Four months later , Womack married Cooke 's widow . That same year , The Rolling Stones covered Womack 's "  It 's All Over Now " -- and scored their first No. 1 hit in the United States . And Womack became rich . He broke off into a solo career , which took off in 1967 with his first song "  Trust Me . " His song "  Across 110th Street " became a hit in 1972 and rode a new wave of popularity in 1997 when it was featured in the opening credits of Quentin Tarantino 's film "  Jackie Brown . " Mourning an icon Decades after The Rolling Stones made it big with Womack 's song , guitarist Ronnie Wood recalled his friend 's ability to captivate his audiences . "  I 'm so sad to hear about my friend Bobby Womack -- the man who could make you cry when he sang has brought tears to my eyes with his passing , " Wood tweeted . "  My heart goes out to his family & friends and everyone who loved his music . Bobby you will be greatly missed . " Singer Darius Rucker also remembered Womack 's renowned baritone voice . "  To the great Bobby Womack . Rest In Peace u legend , " Rucker tweeted . "  Heaven just got another great singer for its choir . "	Womack dies at 70 ; his publicist reveals no other details He said last year he 'd been diagnosed with early signs of Alzheimer 's disease Womack was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2009 He married the widow of music partner Sam Cooke 4 months after Cooke 's death
CNN  -- Sergio Garcia leads The Barclays , first leg of the lucrative FedEx Cup playoffs , after Saturday 's excellent third round that puts him firmly in contention for the title . American Nick Watney is two strokes behind after a round of 71 . A win at Bethpage would see Garcia top the FedEx cup points table . Live scores from Bethpage Tiger Woods sits tenth on four under after a difficult third round of 72 . Recent US PGA champion Rory Mcilroy sits two under par after his third round of 69 helped him recover from his poor second round . Read about Bethpage Black 's vengeful course Garcia hit a number of birdies to finish two ahead of the chasing pack , but it was a tremendous shot from the long grass on the tenth that stood out as Garcia chipped on to the fairway after hooking his shot well wide . The fine recovery helped the Spaniard rescue a bogey , when things could have been much worse . Garcia needs to finish well at Bethpage as he has already announced that he wo n't play at next week 's Deutsche Bank Championship so that he can enjoy some rest before September 's Ryder Cup . Watney hit five bogeys to undo a good start . After three birdies in the first five holes he struggled on the back nine to leave him even at the end of his round . Woods managed back-to-back birdies on the seventh and eighth to leave him one under . However , two bogeys on the back nine , after a fine birdie on the 13th , left the American one stroke over for the day . The highlight of Woods ' round was a 53 feet 1 inch putt on the eighth that helped him birdie the par three hole . The delightful put was the American 's longest of the year . McIlroy had one of the rounds of the day , hitting four birdies on his way to a final round of 69 . The Northern Irishman had disappointed on Friday when he struck five bogeys to undo a promising first round .	Sergio Garcia takes lead after third round at Bethpage American Nick Watney sits second after difficult third round Tiger Woods holed a 53 foot putt on his way to a round of 72 McIlroy made amends for his poor second round , carding a 69
