New York  CNN  France remains in mourning after attacks on magazine Charlie Hebdo and other targets , including a kosher grocery store , left 17 dead and more critically injured . Tributes have been pouring in to the victims , as well as messages of support for the magazine . People everywhere took to social media to express solidarity . #charliehebdo circled the globe , along with #jesuischarlie translated into scores of different languages . Such was the outpouring of support , Twitter confirmed #jesuischarlie had become one of the most popular hashtags in history . Also trending were hashtags #JeSuisJuif , #JeSuisAhmed and #JeSuisHumain ; people looking to show solidarity with all the victims of the terror rampage , including the police officers who were shot while defending Hebdo 's employees . At least 3.7 million people , joined by multiple world leaders , marched in anti terrorism rallies in Paris and elsewhere in France and around the world . Rallies and Vigils were held around the world ; some participants holding pencils as a way to honor the fallen cartoonists , others held signs reading ' I am Charlie ' in a variety of different languages including Hebrew . Sunday after the attacks , New York 's Empire State Building lit up in the colors of the French flag , then went dark for 5 minutes to honor the memories of those killed . Maps showing planned events circulated online , while moments of silence and memorials were held . But there was also defiance , and vows to continue the legacy of those killed . Indeed the first edition of Hebdo to be published after the attacks sold out in just hours . Le Monde , along with Radio France and France Televisions , provided some resources to help the magazine stay afloat . Support came also from other sources , such as Google who pledged to donate 250,000 Euros from its Press Innovation Fund to support the print run , and the Guardian Media Group who pledged # 100,000 . A crowdfunding campaign called ` Solidarite Charlie ' has so far raised over $ 100,000 for the magazine , as well as for the families of the victims of the attack , including the police . The Committee to Protect Journalists updated their site with profiles of some of those lost , and many took to Twitter to say they 'd donated to CPJ in honor of Charlie Hebdo . The website for Charlie Hebdo itself is now offering ways to donate to the magazine . ` Freedom is the right of expression , ' reads its ' website ; ` Charlie Hebdo needs you to survive . ' Others expressed support by subscribing to the magazine . Satirists unite Cartoonists everywhere took up pencils to express their solidarity with the victims . Many offered to donate cartoons to this week 's issue of the magazine . The cover of the New Yorker magazine shows the Eiffel Tower as a pencil , in solidarity with the fallen cartoonists . Late night comedians also took to the air to express their support . "  Very few people go into comedy as an act of courage , " said Jon Stewart , "  mainly because it should n't have to be that . " "  In this country we take it for granted that it 's our right to poke fun at the untouchable and the sacred , " said Conan , "  but today 's tragedy in Paris reminds us very viscerally that it 's a right some people are inexplicably forced to die for . " Coping with tragedy "  I am in the same mood as the day of 911 , " one French bystander told CNN . Indeed the American Psychological Association explains that terrorism works by instilling a sense of helplessness . "  It seeks to hold a government or society hostage by fear of destruction and harm . " There are resources on their website to help those impacted by all-too-common attacks like the one on Charlie Hebdo . Yet around the world the message was largely one of defiance in the face of fear . A line from a blog by Matt Welch on Reason.com has been retweeted over a thousand times ; "  Do you really wan na be Charlie Hebdo ? Then get on out there , live and speak bravely . And God help you . "	Vigils were held worldwide to honor victims of the attack in Paris Cartoonists everywhere took up pencils to express solidarity People have donated to the magazine itself , and a crowdfunding campaign to help Charlie Hebdo and victims of the attacks . American Psychological Association provides resources for those impacted by attacks , like the one in Paris
CNN  -- Severe flooding from an intense monsoon season has left more than 250 people dead and hundreds more homeless across parts of South Asia and China . Dozens more have been injured or are missing . In Pakistan , flash flooding has killed 110 people and injured nearly 150 others in recent days , authorities said Saturday . India also is coping with severe flooding , which has claimed the lives of at least 97 people in Indian-administered Kashmir , Vinod Koul , state relief and rehabilitation commissioner , told CNN on Saturday . And in southwestern China , more than 40 people have died and 18 others are missing after heavy rains and flooding over the past week , authorities said . The hardest-hit areas in Pakistan include Punjab , the country 's most populous province , and Pakistani-administered Kashmir . Lahore and Rawalpindi , major cities in Punjab , are experiencing serious flooding . The flooding has destroyed 650 homes in Pakistan , Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's office said . The Pakistani government reported Friday that up to a foot of rain had fallen in eastern parts of the country within the past day . Some flood victims died from collapsing roofs or electrocution by downed power lines , officials said . Sharif will attend a meeting Saturday to review the "  situation in the country and damage caused to life and property by incessant rains and resulting floods , " a statement said . In India , more than 2,000 villages have been affected in the Kashmir and Jammu region , Koul said . The severe flooding has also damaged or completely washed away dozens of bridges and hundreds of kilometers of road , he added . Power and water systems have been crippled by the monsoons as well . Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday toured the devastated area near the state capital of Srinagar , assuring residents that relief is on the way . The state government has undertaken a massive rescue and relief operation , but residents have complained of inadequate or delayed responses from authorities in the hardest-hit areas . The Indian army is also taking part in the rescue and relief operation . Some 5,000 people have been rescued from the flood zone as of Saturday , according to the Ministry of Defence . The agency also said the army had rescued seven of nine soldiers trapped by floodwaters after their boat capsized south of Srinagar . Efforts to rescue two more personnel were under way Saturday . CNN-IBN reported the area is experiencing the worst flooding in six decades . In China , heavy rain has so far claimed the lives of 43 people over the past week , the country 's Civil Affairs Ministry reported Sunday morning . Damage estimates have exceeded 3.3 billion yuan  more than $ 530 million  . In Thailand , the state-run MCOT news agency reported that authorities urged residents along waterways in the country 's central region to move to higher ground . The risk of flooding increased there after a decision to release more water from a dam to reduce water levels in the flood-hit north , MCOT reported . Heavy rains also caused extensive flooding in Bangladesh , Myanmar , Nepal , South Korea and Japan last month . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Mukhtar Ahmad , Michael Pearson , Kevin Wang and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	NEW : Ministry : 43 die due to flooding over the past week The death toll is climbing in severe flooding across Asia More than 100 people have died in Pakistan in recent days , authorities say Villages and infrastructure in India damaged or washed away by flooding
CNN  -- The USS Constitution , or "  Old Ironsides , " sailed under her own power Sunday for just the second time in some 130 years . The Constitution set out on Boston Harbor in Massachusetts to commemorate the 200th anniversary of her victory over a British frigate during the War of 1812 . The battle earned Constitution her "  Old Ironsides " nickname . "  I can not think of a better way to honor those who fought in the war as well as celebrate Constitution 's successes during the War of 1812 than for the ship to be under sail , " said Cmdr. Matt Bonner , Constitution 's 72nd commanding officer . Some 285 people were on board the ship , which sailed under her own power for 17 minutes , traveling a distance of 1,100 yards . Tugs were then reattached to Constitution 's sides and she returned to her pier by early afternoon . The ship , which doubles as a museum , receives more than half a million visitors each year . Sunday 's sail marked the first time Constitution sailed on her own since 1997 . Before that , the last time she sailed on her own was in 1881 . The ship , which is considered the world 's oldest commissioned warship afloat , is tugged into the harbor several times a year . Constitution defended sea lanes from when she was first launched in 1797 to 1855 .	Sunday marks the 200th anniversary of the ship 's victory over a British frigate "  Old Ironsides " sails under her own power for 17 minutes The sail marks only the second such trip since 1881
Washington  CNN  -- Ten million Americans a year are victims of identity theft . It 's a growing problem in the United States , but fighting it does n't appear to be a priority , a new report says . A report by the Justice Department Inspector General released Tuesday cites the wide-ranging costs and dangers of ID theft . Although the report has no new numbers , the financial losses are believed to be substantially higher than the $ 15.6 billion documented in 2005 . Inspector General Glenn Fine found the effort to combat the problem , however , has lagged since the President 's Task Force on ID Theft was established in 2007 . "  We found that to some degree identity theft initiatives have faded as priorities , " said Fine . He said the Justice Department has not developed a coordinated plan to combat ID theft and that some recommendations of the President 's Task Force have not been addressed . No one has been appointed to oversee the efforts , the report says . The report says "  the specific crime of identity theft is not a top FBI priority . " However , the report adds that the FBI often addresses the issue through the Cyber Division 's criminal intrusion program , which is a priority of the agency . Similarly , ID theft investigations are often part of larger federal criminal investigations into health care fraud , mortgage fraud and credit card fraud . "  Identity theft can also be a significant element of violent crimes , such as domestic abuse , and even terrorism , and a significant number of ID theft-related crimes originate overseas , " the report said .	Justice Department Inspector General cites wide-ranging costs and dangers of ID theft Effort to fight problem has lagged since task force formed in 2007 , report says Costs thought to be substantially higher than the $ 15.6 billion documented in 2005
Yosemite National Park , California  CNN  -- Bone-dry grass and brush Saturday fed flames as more than 2,600 crew members struggled to corral a still-growing wildfire in California 's Sierra foothills . "  This fire is very dynamic , " said Tina Rose , spokeswoman for the multiagency incident command . "  The access to the fire has been hampering us . It is so difficult to get into those canyons . " Firefighters were buoyed by the fact that winds appeared to have died down a bit and the massive Rim Fire 's rate of growth has slowed . The fire had doubled in size from Thursday to Friday , and the total loss stood at nearly 130,000 acres early Saturday evening , much of it in Stanislaus National Forest . The blaze , which remained 7 % contained , was spreading primarily to the east . While the Rim Fire has consumed 12,000 acres in the northwest section of Yosemite National Park , so far it has had little or no direct impact on Yosemite Valley , a popular spot for tourists and home to many of the famous cliffs and waterfalls in the park . "  Skies are beautiful , " park spokesman Scott Gediman told CNN at midday . "  It is a crystal clear blue sky in Yosemite Valley . " Still , the park has seen a few cancellations and one western entrance was closed . Gov. Jerry Brown on Friday issued a state of emergency in the San Francisco area because of threats to utilities . "  The San Francisco Public Utilities has been forced to shut down transmission lines , " he said in a statement . Yosemite fire : Blaze spreads to national park Much of San Francisco 's water comes from the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir , which lies within Yosemite and is just east of the fire . There was good news on that front Saturday , as officials said there was no effect on the water quality and delivery . About 4,500 structures , many of them vacation homes , were under threat , according to InciWeb , a federal website that collects information from agencies like the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . Firefighters have been hampered by a lack of moisture from the sky and on the ground . "  The wind today is going to be better for firefighting , but we are still dealing with bone dry grass and brush , " Rose said Saturday . Lee Bentley of the U.S. Forest Service said crews were making progress , but "  it is going to be awhile . " Eight fixed-wing aircraft and 10 helicopters were aiding the effort . "  We are the No. 1 priority in the country , " said Bentley . "  We are getting what we need . " The command center said a major effort was aimed at holding the fire east of the north fork of the Tuolumne River . "  Additional efforts are focused on the eastern edge of the fire in Yosemite National Park to minimize impacts to our national treasure , " it said in a statement . What you need to know about wildfires In a tinder box , but scenery is wonderful The inferno threatened the Yosemite gateway communities of Groveland and Pine Mountain Lake just outside the Stanislaus Forest . "  It 's crazy , and it has been for five days , " Kirsten Lennon , whose home is threatened , told CNN affiliate KCRA on Friday . "  Your heart 's racing a little faster . " Joe Riley , co-owner of the log-construction Cub Inn in Groveland , has canceled tourist reservations until next weekend . The last remaining guest leaves Sunday . "  We are on a voluntary evacuation order , " Riley told CNN on Saturday afternoon . "  If things get bad or we get a direct order , we have everything packed , all the pictures off the wall , and all the documents and business records . " The loss of business at the height of the season , and possible cancellations into September , may cost the inn between $ 10,000 and $ 20,000 , he said . The closure of the Yosemite entrance on U.S. Highway 120 West means tourists coming through the community must drive an extra hour to get into the park . People in the community generally are handling the situation pretty well , though many have evacuated , Riley said . "  I understand we are in a tinder box and it is risky , " he said . "  But it is beautiful . " The Tuolumne County Sheriff 's Department , meanwhile , issued evacuation advisories for the town of Tuolumne and nearby Ponderosa Hill , according to InciWeb . It was not clear how many residents were covered by the evacuation advisory . Residents of Pine Mountain Lake and another area were to be allowed to return home beginning Saturday evening . Fire crews strengthened lines above Pine Mountain Lake , a resort neighborhood . "  Be advised that areas burned by the Rim Fire may still pose hazards , " an advisory said . "  Fire-weakened trees , burning stump holes and large fire apparatus may be present . Entry into the burned areas is strongly discouraged . " Authorities say the Rim Fire started on August 17 . The cause is under investigation . Gediman , of Yosemite National Park , said the Rim Fire 's impact was restricted to the entrance closure at Highway 120 West and a backcountry section used by hikers . Temperatures were a little cooler Saturday than on Friday , he said . The park typically has 15,000 visitors on a busy summer weekend . August sees an influx of visitors from other countries , a few of whom have called to check on conditions . Still , there 's little indication so far it 's keeping many people away . Ranger programs went on as normal Saturday and campgrounds were full . "  If somebody cancels , there are 10 people that will take their spot , " said Gediman . Yosemite , with hundreds of campground sites and lodging units , had nearly 4 million visitors last year , according to the National Park Service . CNN 's Nick Valencia reported from Yosemite National Park and Phil Gast reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	B&B owners prepare for possible evacuation "  We are the No. 1 priority in the country " One entrance to Yosemite National Park is closed Rim Fire has burned around 130,000 acres in California
CNN  -- Kim Clijsters beat the returning Justine Henin in a special exhibition match in their native Belgium Thursday . The pair were playing in the Diamond Games in Antwerp with Henin testing herself after being out since mid-season with an elbow ligament injury . Her last competitive match was her fourth round loss to Clijsters at Wimbledon in June . Clijsters , fresh from retaining her U.S. Open crown then rounding off her season by claiming the WTA Championships in Doha , proved too sharp for Henin . She won the first set 6-1 in just 25 minutes , but Henin recovered from falling an early break down to win the second 6-3 to level . That set in train a super tiebreaker , with the first player to 10 points winning the match and it was Clijsters who pulled ahead . She set up four match points at 9-5 and closed it out at the first attempt . The pair will now stop up their preparations for the opening grand slam of 2011 in Australia with Henin taking part in next month 's Hopman Cup in Perth . Before their match , both players hinted that they may pair up to play doubles for Belgium at the 2012 Olympics in London . "  2012 is still far away and we have not seen each other since July , " Clijsters told the official tournament website . "  But we will certainly talk about it . " Meanwhile , Andy Roddick has confirmed he will turn out for the United States Davis Cup team next year after being unavailable in 2010 . New U.S. captain Jim Courier will field Roddick in their opening World Group first round tie in Chile on March 4-6 . "  I 'm very excited to be back , " said Roddick who helped the U.S. to win the Davis Cup in 2007 and has a 31-11 record in the competition . "  Having Andy commit to the 2011 campaign is huge for our team , " Courier said .	Kim Clijsters beats Justine Henin in special exhibition match in Belgium Henin playing for the first time since July after elbow injury Pair hint they could represent Belgium at doubles in 2012 Olympics Andy Roddick to return to U.S. Davis Cup line-up in 2011
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- Centro . Alba . Zombie Burger . The dining scene in Des Moines is pretty hot these days . So why did nearly a thousand Iowans pay $ 100-a-pop last Saturday night to chew wilted salads and poke at dried-out chicken breast with a bunch of strangers inside a drafty conventional hall ? Politics , of course . It was the Iowa Democratic Party 's Jefferson-Jackson Dinner , the party 's big annual fundraiser and final cheerleading session before next Tuesday 's midterm elections . We were there for this week 's edition of "  Hambycast . " Even as modern developments like Twitter , super PACs and micro-targeting erode the the quaint traditions of politics , the "  rubber chicken circuit " endures . It 's a durable fixture of campaign life , as time-honored as the gaffe and gotcha question . Democrats have their J-J Dinners , and Republicans convene at Lincoln Day Dinners or Reagan Day Dinners . There are variations of the form depending on local traditions : My favorite political banquet name is the Ruby Laffoon Dinner , held yearly by the Hopkins County Democratic Party in Kentucky and named in honor of the state 's 43rd governor . But the pageantry is the same wherever you travel : Candidates and elected officials speak , rally faithful partisans and raise cash for the party organization . In places like Iowa and New Hampshire , the dinners take on an added importance : Ambitious pols with their eyes on the White House come here to test drive their national appeal and forge relationships in crucial early nominating states . On Saturday , we heard Amy Klobuchar , the Minnesota Senator and possible presidential candidate in 2016 or 2020 , speak at the J-J in Des Moines . She was hardly the first White House aspirant to do so . "  He had n't said he would run in 1972 , but there he was on the rubber chicken circuit , glad-handing county chairmen and looking for early commitments , " the legendary AP scribe Walter Mears wrote four decades ago in a profile of Ed Muskie , the Maine Senator who never made it to the Oval Office . The rubber chicken phrase surfaces across the decades in political journalism , and with good reason -- the chow ai n't grand . On Saturday , the menu was roughly the same as any J-J Dinner -- or Lincoln Day Dinner or Reagan Dinner on the GOP side -- you 'd find in counties and states from Maine to Hawaii . There was some kind of mass-produced chicken breast , slathered with some indistinguishable sauce , accompanied by a passel of steamed vegetables . There was the all-important "  vegan option , " for those rare Iowa herbivores in the audience . And attendees could choose from an assortment of cake slices that had been sitting out on their banquet tables for several hours before the first speaker even took the stage . But the food is n't why people come . That would be weird . "  If we lose this concept of having political parties , where people can gather and have a platform and join together , we really lose what 's been at the core of democracy , " Klobuchar said when we asked her about the importance of these dinners . "  What 's missing of course if when people get there and get elected is their ability to put that aside some and work together . "	Iowa Democrats held their Jefferson-Jackson Dinner last weekend The dinners are full of political pageantry
CNN  -- It 's not often that the White House holds a news conference late on a Sunday night . Especially an unscheduled one . So when it was announced , around 9:45 p.m. ET on May 1 , that President Obama would be addressing the nation within the hour , you knew it had to be important . Had there been a major development in Libya ? Things had been heating up since NATO started intervening against Moammar Gadhafi 's forces . Were U.S. troops going into another part of the Arab world ? Had there been another terrorist attack ? Or was it the news that many Americans had been waiting on for nearly a decade : that Osama bin Laden , leader of al Qaeda , had finally been brought to justice for the tragic events of September 11 ? The White House announcement provided no details , so it was up to everyone else to fill in the blank . Speculation was rampant , especially online and on social media . What was so important that it could n't wait until morning ? By the time Obama finally spoke at 11:30 p.m. , the world already knew the news : "  The United States has conducted an operation that killed Osama bin Laden , the leader of al Qaeda and a terrorist who 's responsible for the murder of thousands of innocent men , women and children . " The president never had a chance to avoid the mother of all spoilers -- not with how fast news travels today . An hour before his speech , the cat was out of the bag , thanks to Keith Urbahn , chief of staff for former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld . "  So I 'm told by a reputable person they have killed Osama Bin Laden . Hot damn , " Urbahn tweeted . It did n't take long after that for major news organizations to confirm that the news was indeed true : the most-wanted terrorist in the world was dead , eight years to the day after President Bush delivered his "  Mission Accomplished " speech . "  It was an incredibly symbolic event , " said William Keylor , a professor of history and international relations at Boston University . "  It was closure to 9/11 . ... Al Qaeda had been pretty much degraded , but  bin Laden  was still on the run . " As confirmation quickly spread of bin Laden 's death , emotional celebrations began taking place across the country . Many were caught on camera . People in the nation 's capital flocked to the White House , carrying American flags , singing the national anthem and cheering the news in front of television cameras . At a baseball game in Philadelphia , fans of both teams stopped to chant "  U-S-A , U-S-A ! " Celebrations also were held at New York 's ground zero , the site of the former World Trade Center . "  I never thought this night would come , where we would actually capture or kill bin Laden . And , thank the Lord , he 's been eliminated , to put it politely , " said Bob Gibson , a retired New York City police officer . "  A lot of us ... gave up . But it did come , and a lot of us are overjoyed that it happened . " ` The most intense 38 minutes of my life ' By the next morning , the national conversation had started to change . The emotional impact of the announcement was subsiding , and the public wanted more detail , more explanation . How did the United States find bin Laden ? Why was he killed and not captured ? Who exactly killed him ? It was soon learned that an elite team of Navy SEALs had flown two helicopters into Abbottabad , Pakistan , where bin Laden was living in a three-story compound with approximately two dozen people , including his relatives and one of his most trusted couriers . The United States had been tracking the courier for years , and the CIA informed the president in September 2010 that bin Laden might be living at the compound , a $ 1 million home surrounded by large privacy walls topped with barbed wire . On April 29 , 2011 , after several meetings with his National Security Council , Obama authorized an attack on the compound . In an operation that lasted nearly 40 minutes , the SEALs breached the compound 's walls and methodically went through the house , floor by floor . Bin Laden and his wife were found on the third floor , White House spokesman Jay Carney said in a news conference . Carney said a SEAL fatally shot bin Laden when bin Laden made a threatening move . An iconic photo , released by the White House , shows Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and other officials in the White House Situation Room , following developments as the raid went down . Clinton later called it "  the most intense 38 minutes of my life . " Today , there have already been several books written about the raid , and a movie is said to be in the works . "  I think the fact that it was such a tremendous success was the reason that the administration decided to publicize it : ` We 're going to put out all the facts and let the chips fall where they may , ' " Keylor said . "  And , of course , the downside of that was that it really antagonized the Pakistanis . " The United States and Pakistan had been working together for years trying to track down bin Laden and fight extremists near the Afghanistan border . But the United States , fearing that a leak could jeopardize its mission and tip off bin Laden , kept its raid a complete secret from Pakistan . The Pakistanis were outraged and humiliated by the blatant violation of their national sovereignty . U.S. officials questioned their ally 's motivations , as bin Laden was "  hiding in plain sight . " The CIA director at the time , Leon Panetta , told U.S. lawmakers in a closed-door session that Pakistani officials were either "  involved or incompetent , " adding that "  neither is a good place to be . " Photo debate continues From the raid , U.S. forces retrieved 10 hard drives , five computers and more than 100 storage devices containing intelligence from bin Laden 's compound , according to a senior U.S. official . They also found some homemade videos , including one that shows a graying bin Laden , wrapped in a blanket , watching himself on a small television . "  The fact that they killed  bin Laden  was significant , but they also demythologized him , " said Thomas Mockaitis , author of "  Osama bin Laden : A Biography . " "  They revealed him to be a megalomaniac , in many ways kind of a petty individual . Instead of this kind of great , powerful figure ... he looks like a bit of a narcissist . I think that , in some ways , was as important as actually killing him . It brought him down quite a bit it terms of his stature . " But perhaps the most talked about pieces of evidence from last year 's raid have yet to see the light of day : photos of a dead bin Laden . The administration decided to keep the photos classified , saying the graphic nature of the images would only incite further violence or be used for propaganda purposes . "  We do n't trot this stuff out as trophies , " Obama told CBS News . "  We do n't need to spike the football . " However , many Americans , including prominent lawmakers , believe they have a right to see the images . And some people have another concern : How do they know bin Laden is dead if they ca n't see proof ? That is n't a concern of Sen. John McCain , one of several U.S. Congress members allowed to view the photos . The Arizona Republican , Obama 's opponent in the 2008 presidential election , said there was no doubt that bin Laden is dead . But the debate over the photos continues one year later . On Friday , a federal judge turned down a request for release of the photos , saying there were legitimate national security interests to deny disclosure . The war on terror also continues . Bin Laden 's death might have underlined the weakened state of al Qaeda , but affiliate groups , including the Taliban , al-Shabaab and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , "  remain committed to the group 's ideology , " said a U.S. intelligence report released in January . "  Lone wolf " terrorists are a threat as well , as we 've seen recently in Norway and France . More : Is the core of al Qaeda on its last legs ? The threats , however , should be no surprise to Obama , who warned that there was still work to be done when he announced bin Laden 's death a year ago . Bin Laden 's death "  does not mark the end of our effort , " he said in his speech . "  There 's no doubt that al Qaeda will continue to pursue attacks against us . "  We must -- and we will -- remain vigilant at home and abroad . "	It has been one year since Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces in Pakistan The news of bin Laden 's death spread like wildfire online and on social media Several books have already been written about the raid on bin Laden 's compound Controversy remains over whether photos of bin Laden should be released
Washington  CNN  -- Republican lawmakers want to know why the IRS did n't know that it might have been able to recover missing emails from a former official 's computer -- communication at the center of new questions about the agency 's targeting of conservative political groups . This latest twist in the saga of Lois Lerner 's hard drive was a overly contentious point in a not-surprisingly heated congressional hearing on Wednesday on the protracted , partisan controversy . IRS Commissioner John Koskinen appeared for a third time before lawmakers to testify about the agency 's role in the targeting scandal , especially Republican interest in the emails that they say are important to their investigation . Koskinen spent much of his time before the House Oversight Committee on Wednesday answering questions about two years worth of emails from Lerner and a half dozen other IRS officials that were presumed unrecoverable when her hard drive crashed . Analyst claims some information on Lerner 's hard drive was retrievable The exchanges were charged . "  My theory is that you were n't ever going to tell us until we caught you , " Rep. Jim Jordan said in referencing an ongoing debate over who knew what when . "  When you find any evidence to support that assertion I 'd be happy to see it , " Koskinen said . Top IRS official beats back Republican barrage Republican investigators have said they 've discovered that Lerner 's hard drive was merely "  scratched " and it might have been possible at one point to retrieve information , contradicting Koskinen 's previous statements . Last month , he told members of the House Ways and Means Committee that her hard drive had been recycled and the agency was n't able to get emails that the Republican leadership of the committee want to see . Lerner resigned last year from her post as head of the IRS division charged with looking into groups seeking tax-exempt , non-profit status . Issa : Back-up records of Lerner 's emails may exist Thomas Kane , deputy associate chief counsel at the IRS , told the Oversight Committee last week that there might be backups of some of Lerner 's emails . On Monday , the panel released testimony from another IRS employee who did not rule out the possibility that some information from Lerner 's computer might be retrievable . Democrats have accused Republicans , especially Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp and Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa , of grandstanding in the midst of a witch hunt . "  Unfortunately you are becoming collateral damage in a fight for the spotlight among two chairmen Rep. Issa and Rep. Camp , " said Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , the top Democrat on the Oversight Committee . Cummings called the slate of hearings a "  taxpayer funded footrace on who can make the first headlines about Lois Lerner 's emails . " What 's up with IRS emails ? Key questions about the controversy CNN Senior Congressional Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Controversy still rages over lost emails in IRS targeting controversy An IRS official thinks some emails were backed up Republicans accused agency of coverup Democrats say Republicans are blowing things out of proportion
CNN  -- Like so many others , I am distraught . It will take many days to sort through my feelings and reactions to the verdict of not guilty in the Trayvon Martin case . Still , some thoughts and lessons are obvious , immediate and , in a sense , imperative . First , those who delight in the verdict are wrong . There is no winner here . Trayvon Martin is still dead and George Zimmerman still must live with the fact that he killed without reason or cause . Here , the "  should have " rules : He should have stayed in the truck . Those who react to the verdict with despair are wrong . We work hard for justice in this world , but we , being human , are flawed . We will make mistakes . The law is only our best approximation of justice , and the law needs constant revision . But doing what 's right is not limited to the law . Sometimes , we must go beyond it . Opinion : Zimmerman case echoes issues of race , guns Those who expect -- perhaps desire -- a riot are wrong . We are better than that . We respect the law . While the law can not force a person to be moral or tolerant , through the law we can demand respect and expect equality . If we are to move forward as a country we must recognize that this case highlights three issues . We must confront these without excuse or rancor . We must be honest about our weaknesses . LZ : Trayvon could have been my son First , we are not in a post-racial society . Racial profiling still exists and it is a cancer . Assumptions and fallacies and prejudice feed it . We are suspicious of those who look different ; we are uncomfortable with cultural differences . We distrust what we do n't understand , but surely we should not act with violence or bigotry . If you do n't know about the "  black male code , " you should . It 's something black boys learn early , even before adolescence . It goes , in part , like this : Even though you 're not a criminal , some people assume you are , especially if you 're wearing certain clothes . Never argue with the police , but protect your dignity and take pride in humility . As a black male , you must go above and beyond to show strangers what type of person you really are . There 's more , but you get the point : If you 're black and male , know that many Americans -- not all , not even most , but many -- assume you are guilty of something , just because you 're you . Opinion : Trayvon could have been my son Now try to live with that every day . We need to see ourselves through the eyes of others . Finally , there 's the cliché -- think before you act . Thou shalt not murder is a universal commandment , one necessary for a civilized nation , a civilized world . Let us focus on ways to improve the system -- the criminal system , the justice system , the moral system , the general welfare system . Let us focus on acts of goodness and kindness that bring us together , as a people and as creations of God . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : There is no winner here We are not in a post-racial society , Brazile says If you do n't know about "  black male code , " you should , she says Now is a time to focus on improving the system , she says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Jorge Fernandez strolls across the used-car parking lot littered with dozens upon dozens of sport utility vehicles the size of small tugboats . SUVs like these are having a tough time selling with gas prices at all-time highs . With gas at $ 4 a gallon , many have sat there since last summer . "  The cars are literally just sitting , and it does n't matter how much you sell them for , " Fernandez says of the SUVs and trucks nobody wants anymore . "  It 's amazing . I 've never seen it this bad -- ever . " Fernandez , a wholesale auto dealer who has been in the business for more than 20 years , says SUV owners are hit especially hard . The really large ones with V-8 engines that can get as little as 12 miles per gallon in the city -- like the Cadillac Escalade , Ford Expedition and Chevy Suburban -- are dropping in value by the thousands . Watch the sinking value of guzzlers " The No. 1 reason for the sales slump is soaring gas prices , says Peter Brown , the executive director of Automotive News , the trade newspaper for the North American car industry . For the first four months of this year , truck and SUV sales are down a collective 24.8 percent . SUV sales plummeted 32.8 percent while pickups dipped 19.9 percent , he says . "  If gas prices stay where they are at or continue to rise , the body-on frame SUV is an endangered species and the pickup truck as a personal car is an endangered species , " Brown says . How do owners react when they 're told their once - $ 40,000-plus vehicles are now worth less than half that ? "  When they find out what you think their truck is worth , they think you 're trying to rip them off or something , " says Fernandez . "  Small cars are gone within a week ; SUVs are sitting here since last summer . " David Lavi , the owner of a Toyota Tacoma pickup , is feeling that pinch . He put his truck on the market several weeks ago in hopes of downsizing . He bought it brand new in 2006 when gas prices were much lower . "  Once I do sell it , I 'm going to get a smaller car -- maybe a Nissan Maxima or something smaller , " he says . He 's hoping to get $ 23,000 for the fully loaded truck , which is higher than the estimated Kelley Blue Book value of $ 15,000 to $ 19,000 depending on how many amenities it has . "  No one has offered what I want , " he says . Automakers have noticed this trend to downsize . Ford announced Thursday it was shifting production away from its longtime hallmark of pickups and SUVs in favor of smaller cars . In making the decision , Ford said it believes gas prices will remain in the range of $ 3.75 to $ 4.25 a gallon through the end of 2009 . "  We saw a real change in the industry demand in pickups and SUVs in the first two weeks of May , " Ford chief executive Alan Mulally said Thursday . "  It seems to us we reached a tipping point . " Brown of Automotive News said he would n't be surprised if General Motors and other automakers follow suit . According to AAA , gas prices reached another all-time high Friday , with the national average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline at $ 3.87 . Seven states are now over $ 4 a gallon , AAA says . How much do you need to work to pay for your gas ? " Stories of owners ditching larger vehicles for smaller ones have started to become widespread . Owners say they 're tired of spending as much as 80 to 100 bucks to fill up their tanks . Some CNN.com users recently shared their stories of buying used Geo Metros -- the oft-maligned , snail-sized car from the 1990s that gets gas mileage similar to a hybrid of today for a fraction of the sticker price . "  I used to be a car snob , and I used to be too vain to drive anything that does n't shine , " said Marci Solomon , an electrician who has a 100-mile commute to and from work . "  But now it 's about , do I want to eat , or do I want to make it to work ? I want to do both . " But some auto experts caution owners against trading in their SUVs and trucks to save money at the pump because it may not be the wisest financial decision . Owners might owe $ 20,000 or more when the vehicle is now worth $ 12,000 . It 's similar to an upside-down mortgage , and it may not make sense to try a trade-in . "  What they might be doing is spending thousands of dollars to save hundreds , " says Jack Nerad , the executive director of Kelley Blue Book 's kbb.com . "  Because if you make a trade , you 're most often going to spend more to make that move than you would just sucking it up and paying the extra gasoline prices . " Back at the Los Angeles lot , Fernandez says he thinks the trend away from SUVs and pickups is here to stay . "  Just when you think that it 's going to change any day now , it does n't . It just continuously gets worse , " he said . CNN 's Wayne Drash and CNN Money 's Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	Car dealer says SUVs are tough sells now : "  I 've never seen it this bad -- ever " AAA says average gas price hit another all-time high Friday Truck owner says he ca n't get the price he wants for his vehicle
CNN  -- Canada 's House of Commons voted Thursday to extend the country 's military mission in Afghanistan until 2011 , with the stipulation that NATO send reinforcements to the volatile Kandahar province . Canadian soldiers walk along a track at the Kandahar Air Base in Afghanistan last month . Most of Canada 's 2,500 troops in Afghanistan are in Kandahar as part of the NATO-led mission to stabilize the war-torn country . Their presence has sparked controversy in Canada , with the Bloc Quebecois and the New Democratic Party calling for an immediate troop withdrawal . Supporters of the mission argued that Canadians have made progress in providing schools , health care and clean water for thousands of Afghans . They said the improving conditions would be impossible without troops ensuring a secure environment for aid workers and local residents . "  The military needs to be there , " said Harold Albrecht , a conservative member of Parliament . "  The military provides the civil order we would expect from police here . " The Canadian mission in Afghanistan was to end next February . It has claimed the lives of 80 soldiers and a diplomat , according to The Associated Press . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has endorsed a panel 's recommendation to keep troops in place only if another NATO nation dispatches additional troops to Kandahar . Canada wants a minimum of 1,000 reinforcements , The Globe and Mail reported . Thursday 's motion , passed with a 198-77 vote , brought Harper 's Conservative party and the opposition Liberals together on the issue . Other parties , however , noted that the cost of maintaining a troop presence in Afghanistan has not been disclosed to Parliament or the public . "  We must provide clarity to the Canadian people , " said Nathan Cullen of the New Democratic Party . "  We believe it to be wrong for our country . " E-mail to a friend	Troops to stay until 2011 , with the stipulation that NATO contribute more forces Most of Canada 's 2,500 troops in Afghanistan are in Kandahar province The Canadian mission in Afghanistan was to end next February Critics say the cost has not been disclosed to Parliament or the public
CNN  -- The Ugandan government paraded four suspects in last month 's deadly bombings in Kampala before reporters Thursday , with one of the men calling himself an "  evil man . " "  I know no one can believe that I did this evil , " said one suspect , Idris Nsubuga , who spoke at a press conference organized by government officials . " ... But deep down in me I broke down -- honestly I did n't know the impact of those explosives . " A series of bomb blasts that Ugandan police say were likely set off by suicide bombers tore through an Ethiopian restaurant and a rugby center during a World Cup match July 11 , killing 79 people . The government raised the death toll , which it had previously set at 76 , on Thursday . "  Now before you I have these four individuals , they are all Ugandans , and these are the ones who are responsible for the execution of the operation , " Uganda 's chief military intelligence officer , James Mugira , said at the Thursday press conference . "  We have apprehended all those who are responsible for financing , planning and execution of the operation , " he said . Uganda announced last month that it had charged three people in connection with the bomb blasts , saying they were extradited from Kenya . At a separate press conference Thursday , Ugandan Maj. Gen. Kale Kayihura said he believed the four men presented on are members of al Qaeda . One of the suspects cried at Thursday 's event . Nsubuga , 30 , recalled his thoughts and actions on the night of the bombings . "  I was tense -- I called a friend just to relieve myself of the tension just to know how the match was , " he said , referring to his time waiting at the rugby center and wondering about the World Cup finals . "  I had just finished talking to that friend a few minutes passed , and that 's when the first blast went off , " Nsubuga said . "  It scared me , and I reached in my pocket and pulled out the other phone and called that number . " That call triggered another bomb . "  I want to extend my sincere apologies to the families and friends of all those who perished in that tragic night , " Nsubuga said . "  I thought by answering this call my life would be better , " he said . "  But it changed it entirely -- I 've never been the same since then . " The Al-Shabaab militant group , which is currently battling the weak transitional government in war-torn Somalia , has claimed responsibility for the bombings . Members of the group have said they were acting in retaliation for Uganda 's contribution of troops for peacekeeping operations in Somalia , which has been at war for nearly two decades . Authorities in Uganda and Kenya previously said they had made more than 20 arrests in connection with the blasts .	One of the suspects called himself and "  evil man " Uganda government raised the death toll from the July attacks to 79 An official says , "  We have apprehended all those who are responsible " for the attack A Ugandan official said he believes the four suspects are members of al Qaeda
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Rawalpindi 's police chief stopped doctors at the hospital where Benazir Bhutto died from conducting an autopsy , according to a lawyer on the hospital 's board . In a video released Sunday , Benazir Bhutto , far right , appears through the sunroof before shots ring out . It was a violation of Pakistani criminal law and prevented a medical conclusion about what killed the former prime minister , said Athar Minallah , who serves on the board that manages Rawalpindi General Hospital . However , the police chief involved , Aziz Saud , told CNN that he suggested an autopsy be done , but that Bhutto 's husband objected . The revelation came on Monday after new videotape of Bhutto 's assassination emerged , showing her slumping just after gunshots rang out . The tape provided the clearest view yet of the attack and appeared to show that Bhutto was shot . That would contradict the Pakistan government 's account . Read Bhutto 's full medical report A previously released videotape showed a man at the right of her vehicle raising a gun , pointing it toward Bhutto , who was standing in her car with her upper body through the sunroof . He fired three shots , then there was an explosion . In the video that emerged on Sunday , Bhutto was standing , and her hair and scarf appeared to move , perhaps from the bullet . Bhutto fell into the car , then came the blast . Watch new tape showing apparent gunman " These images seem to support the theory that Bhutto died at the hands of a shooter before a bomb was detonated , killing another 23 people . Doctors at Rawalpindi General Hospital declared the 54-year-old dead hours after Thursday 's attack , but the cause of her death has been widely debated . Pakistan 's Interior Ministry announced on Friday that Bhutto died from a skull fracture suffered when she fell or ducked into the car as a result of the shots or the explosion and crashed her head onto a sunroof latch . See the likely sequence of events " Bhutto 's family and political party maintain that the government is lying , and insist she died from gunshot wounds . Bhutto 's husband , in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Monday , called for an international investigation into his wife 's death , saying the new video proves the Pakistani government "  has been trying to muddy the water from the first day . " "  Everything is now very clear that she was shot , " Asif Ali Zardari said . Zardari also called on the U.S. government to push for an international probe . "  I want them to help me find out who killed my wife , the mother of my children , " he said of the Bush administration . Javed Iqbal Cheema , spokesman for Pakistan 's Interior Ministry , said the government 's conclusion on Bhutto 's death was based on "  absolute facts , nothing but the facts " and "  it was corroborated by the doctor 's report . " But Minallah issued an open letter on Monday and released the doctors ' clinical notes to distance them from the government statement , and he also talked to CNN . In the letter , Minallah said the doctors "  suggested to the officials to perform an autopsy , " but that Saud "  did not agree . " He noted that under the law , police investigators have "  exclusive responsibility " in deciding to have an autopsy . Minallah told CNN that he was speaking out because the doctors at the hospital were "  threatened . " "  They are government servants who can not speak ; I am not , " he said . He did not elaborate on the threats against the doctors . He said the lack of an autopsy has created "  a perception that there is some kind of cover-up , though I might not believe in that theory . " "  There is a state within the state , and that state within the state does not want itself to be held accountable , " Minallah said . Cheema said the government had no objection to Bhutto 's body being exhumed for an autopsy if the family requested it . Her widower has said the family was against exhumation because it did not trust the government . Minallah said the family could not have prevented an autopsy at the hospital without getting an order from a judge . The three-page medical report , which was signed by seven doctors , described Bhutto 's head wound , but it did not conclude what caused it . It noted that X-ray images were made after she was declared dead . The wound was described as an irregular oval of about 5 centimeters by 3 centimeters above her right ear . "  Sharp bones edges were felt in the wound , " it read . "  No foreign body was felt in the wound . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	NEW : New video proves Bhutto shot , widower says Doctors claim Pakistani police prevented an autopsy on Benazir Bhutto Lawyer Athar Minallah said the move violated Pakistani criminal law Police chief Aziz Saud said he suggested autopsy but Bhutto 's widower objected
CNN  -- "  NCIS " fans will get a triple dose of those crime investigations on CBS this fall . The network has added four new dramas and a new sitcom to its fall lineup , and one of the dramas is the "  NCIS " spinoff set in New Orleans . As CBS announced on Wednesday , "  NCIS : New Orleans , " starring Scott Bakula , will air on Tuesday nights following its parent program . The major shift in CBS 's 2014-2015 calendar is the network 's addition of "  Thursday Night Football . " Instead of its comedy block anchored by "  The Big Bang Theory , " CBS will air three hours of football on Thursday nights from September 11 through October 23 . While Thursdays are dominated by sports , the network 's highly-rated "  Big Bang Theory " will temporarily air on Mondays . On October 30 , CBS 's more typical Thursday night lineup will resume , including a 12th and final season of "  Two and a Half Men " and a new comedy , "  The McCarthys . " Here 's what to look for on CBS this fall ; new shows are in bold and all times are Eastern . Monday 8-8 :30 p.m. : "  The Big Bang Theory " until October 30 , then "  2 Broke Girls " 8:30 -9 p.m. : "  Mom " 9-10 p.m. : "  Scorpion " : A humorous drama about a crew of socially awkward but brilliant misfits who help protect the country from high-tech threats . 10-11 p.m. : "  NCIS : Los Angeles " Tuesday 8-9 p.m. : "  NCIS " 9-10 p.m. : "  NCIS : New Orleans " : The "  NCIS " brand moves to the Big Easy , with Scott Bakula playing native son Special Agent Dwayne Pride . 10-11 p.m. : "  Person of Interest " Wednesday 8-9 p.m. : "  Survivor " 9-10 p.m. : "  Criminal Minds " 10 - 1 p.m. : "  Stalker " : Dylan McDermott and Maggie Q star as detectives who investigate stalking incidents for the LAPD 's Threat Assessment Unit . Thursday 8-11 p.m. : Thursday Night Football , September 11 through October 23 8-8 :30 p.m. : "  The Big Bang Theory , " as of October 30 8:30 -9 p.m. : "  The Millers , " as of October 30 9-9 :30 p.m. : "  Two and a Half Men , " as of October 30 9:30 -10 p.m. : "  The McCarthys , " as of October 30 : A comedy about a boisterous , sports-loving Boston family with an athletically challenged son . 10-11 p.m. : "  Elementary , " as of October 30 Friday 8-9 p.m. : "  The Amazing Race " 9-10 p.m. : "  Hawaii Five-O " 10-11 p.m. : "  Blue Bloods " Saturday 8-9 p.m. : Crime-time Saturday 9-10 p.m. : Crime-time Saturday 10-11 p.m. : "  48 Hours " Sunday 7-8 p.m. : "  60 Minutes " 8-9 p.m. : "  Madam Secretary " : Tea Leoni stars as Elizabeth McCord , a college professor and former CIA analyst who takes the role of secretary of state at the request of the president after her predecessor 's suspicious death . 9-10 p.m. : "  The Good Wife " 10-11 p.m. : "  CSI : Crime Scene Investigation " Later in the season , CBS ' new "  CSI : Cyber " will move into the 10 p.m. slot on Sundays . Also to come to CBS during the 2014-2015 season are Matthew Perry 's "  Odd Couple " remake and a police drama called "  Battle Creek " from Vince Gilligan  "  Breaking Bad "  and David Shore  "  House "  .	CBS adds a new "  NCIS " spinoff to its 2014 fall schedule The lineup also includes a block of football on Thursday nights Other new shows include a drama about the secretary of state A new "  CSI " spinoff is expected to premiere later in the season
The Obama administration has confirmed what we have been hearing for months , that chemical weapons have been used in Syria by the regime of embattled President Bashar al-Assad . The news , revealed in a White House letter to Congress , presents President Obama with a stark question . Will the United States become directly involved in the two-year-old Syrian civil war ? Last August , Obama issued a stern warning to Assad . If he used chemical weapons , Obama said , even if he moved them in preparation for use , he would cross a "  red line " that would have "  enormous consequences . " Before that , Obama had already declared that the regime would be "  held accountable " if it made the "  tragic mistake of using those weapons , " a warning he repeated last month during a trip to the Middle East . Obama has now come up against his own words and the stakes are enormous . The United States has a range of options , including several that do not include sending American forces into Syria . One path is to provide more muscular support to certain rebel units . The administration has been reluctant to arm the rebels because Islamist radicals , including some closely affiliated with al Qaeda , have become an important part of the anti-Assad forces . This is problematic , since Washington has called for an end to the Assad regime , a regime that , incidentally , is closely allied with Iran and Hezbollah . But it is possible to discern the members whose ideology is relatively consistent with U.S. values and policies . Those fighters should receive carefully selected weaponry to raise their effectiveness against Assad and increase their appeal within the opposition . In addition to helping arm them , the United States should look into the possibility of creating safe havens , no-fly zones , where the opposition and civilians might be protected by NATO from Syrian air attacks . There is also the option of destroying Assad 's most dangerous weapons stocks through aerial bombardment . Although , depending on the target , bombing could carry the risk of spreading the contents , and in the end , the United States may need to remove the stockpiles by designating allies to enter the facilities that hold them . Any action should be taken , to the extent possible , under the NATO umbrella . The one course of action Washington can not afford is to ignore its own warnings and the U.S. intelligence community 's conclusions . Doing so would legitimize the use of chemical weapons , letting regimes that hold power by force know that they can use the world 's most reviled weaponry to preserve their rule from internal challenges . Failure to act could hasten a grave escalation in a war that has put the entire Middle East on a knife 's edge . It would threaten to spread its destructiveness beyond Syrian borders and raise the incentive for other militias to start using chemical agents , potentially fueling a market among terrorist groups everywhere . And it would make the dire warnings of an American president ring hollow , with damaging consequences for global stability , not to mention for American security . Among those watching , Iran would certainly draw its own conclusions if the United States ignores its own red line . Until now , the Obama administration has resisted pressure to take a tougher stance against Assad if only to stem the killing . More than 70,000 Syrians have already died and millions have fled the fighting . Refugee pressures are building in neighboring states , and the conflict has already drawn fighters from other countries ; among others , Hezbollah militias from Lebanon , which have joined the war on Assad 's side . For almost two years the president opted to limit U.S. involvement , reportedly rejecting proposals from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former CIA chief David Petraeus to arm carefully selected segments of the opposition . At the same time , America has provided generous help for refugee care , along with nonlethal aid to the rebels . The use of chemical weapons , however , is a game changer . The beleaguered Assad has admitted possessing an enormous chemical arsenal . Syria holds stockpiles that experts say include Sarin , VX and mustard gas . Production facilities and warehouses for them are spread throughout the country . Regional analysts believe that Assad has thousands of rockets filled with nerve agents ready for use with the Syrian army 's vast missile systems . U.S. officials say there 's much they do n't know yet about how the weapons have been used . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said on Thursday that within the last 24 hours U.S. intelligence officials concluded the Syrian government forces used a small amount of an agent , probably Sarin . The use of those "  uncontrollable , deadly weapons , " Hagel said , "  violates every convention of warfare . " Charges that Assad 's forces used chemical weapons surfaced months ago , but it was a March 19 attack in Aleppo that drew global attention . In the face of mounting evidence of people with respiratory distress , burns and other signs of unconventional weapons use in a battle zone , the rebels accused Assad and Assad accused the rebels of using chemical agents . The Syrian government called for a U.N. probe , but then refused to allow the investigation . More recently , France , the United Kingdom and Israel have said they have found evidence of chemical weapons use . On Wednesday , Israel 's head of military intelligence said Israel has gathered evidence , including photographs of areas with people with mouths foaming following an attack . He said he believes Assad has used the weapons several times , including on March 19 . It is likely that Assad is testing international reaction by using limited amounts of banned weapons . If reaction does not follow , he will probably use them more extensively . The United States has deployed a few hundred troops to Jordan , just south of Syria , with the purpose of aiding refugee care and , according to a Los Angeles Times report , as "  the vanguard of a potential military force of 20,000 or more " in case the United States decides to move to secure Syria 's chemical weapons . The United States and the world have many options on the table , none of them risk free . But the riskiest of all would be delaying a meaningful and forceful response .	Frida Ghitis : Obama administration confirmed Syria regime used chemical weapons Ghitis : This crosses Obama 's "  red line ; " will he act ? Possible to do so without U.S. forces She says arming rebels with values similar to U.S. one option ; another is no-fly zones Ghitis : Not acting would legitimize use of chemical weapons , upend U.S. authority
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican authorities said Sunday they found the wreckage of a small plane that they believe was carrying Mexican-American singer Jenni Rivera . Six others , including two pilots , were also thought to be on board the plane , which took off from Monterrey , Mexico , earlier in the day and soon lost contact with air traffic controllers . "  Everything points to that this is the plane , " Communication and Transportation Minister Gerardo Ruiz Esparza told CNN affiliate Foro TV , about a wreckage site in the northern state of Nuevo Leon . His ministry issued a statement saying authorities were working to access the site by land in order to confirm exactly what 's there . Alejandro Argudin , director general of Civil Aviation , said he believes no one on board survived the crash . "  The aircraft was destroyed , totally fragmented , " he told CNN affiliate Televisa . Born in Long Beach , California , to Mexican immigrant parents , Rivera , 43 , released her debut album in 1999 , according to her website . She sings traditional Mexican ballads , and was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award in 2002 in the category of "  Best Banda Album . " In October , People en Espanol named Rivera to its list of the 25 most powerful women . Famous for her music , she is also known for her tumultuous personal life . The singer was a single mom at the age of 15 and is the mother of five , her website said . Rivera 's "  I Love Jenni " reality show began airing on Telemundo 's mun2 network last year . She is a judge on the popular TV show , "  The Voice , Mexico , " which was scheduled to air Sunday night . Noting its concern for Rivera , Televisa said it would air a special report on the singer instead . A fellow judge on the show took to Twitter following news of Rivera 's disappearance . "  My heart is devastated , " wrote Beto Cuevas . "  All my prayers are with you , Jenni , and your family . " The private LearJet took off from Monterrey at 3:15 a.m. and lost contact with air traffic controllers about 60 miles away , according to a statement from the transportation ministry . The singer had a concert in the northern Mexican city Saturday night . Two helicopters assisted in the search for the plane , which had as its destination the airport in Toluca , near Mexico City . The cause of the suspected crash was not immediately clear , and the ministry has opened an investigation . Read more on CNN Mexico CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Officials say they found the wreckage of a plane believed to have been carrying Rivera "  Everything points to that this is the plane , " says the transportation minister Besides Rivera , two pilots and four other passengers were on board The plane lost contact with air traffic controllers outside Monterrey , Mexico
CNN  -- An American detained for more than two months in the United Arab Emirates faces up to seven years in prison for stealing police handcuffs , an allegation he says he only confessed to after being tortured . A judge in Dubai is expected to hand down a verdict next week against Adam Foster , 30 , of Burdett , New York , whose case has become the focal point of a grassroots letter-writing campaign via Facebook that calls for his release . "  It 's hard to be hopeful at this point , " Foster told CNN by telephone Thursday from Dubai , where he has been detained since his February 26 arrest . "  I do n't want to think I 'm going to be getting out of here in a few days and then find I have to stay for seven years . " The UAE has charged Foster with theft of government property , possession of police paraphernalia and theft at night . If found guilty , he faces up to seven years in prison . The U.S. State Department confirmed that Foster was detained . American consular officers met him on February 28 before UAE authorities released him on bail March 1 . Officials in the UAE did not respond to a CNN request for comment . But investigators claim Foster stole a pair of official police handcuffs during questioning in an unrelated matter at a Dubai police station the night before was due to leave the city , according to his attorney , Yousuf Khalifa Hammad . Foster has said it was a coincidence , saying he was brought in for questioning because he was in possession of a bottle of Korean rice wine -- a parting gift from colleagues . He was released without charges . Foster said he found the handcuffs a day earlier on the ground at a mall parking lot , about a mile and half from the police station where he was questioned . "  I was thinking ` souvenir , ' " Foster said . "  They were lying on the ground . So I picked them up . " Foster , who was on his way home after a six-week stint as a contractor for Dubai Energy Water Authority , was arrested after authorities found the handcuffs in his luggage during a routine security screening at the Dubai airport . He said he was pulled off the plane , questioned and taken to a police station , where he was interrogated twice by two officers . It was during that second round of questioning , after hours of maintaining his innocence , he said he was beaten and forced to confess . Foster claims he was told to take off his shoes and socks , and handcuffed to a chair while one of two officers used a coil to whip the bottom of his feet . He also said he was punched in the face . "  The pain was unimaginable , " Foster said . "  So I told them I did it . I told them ` I 'm sorry . ' " Foster said he then signed a confession written in Arabic . "  I have no idea what it said , " he said . Hammad said there is little recourse for Foster as there were no witnesses to the alleged torture , though court documents show he initially said he was innocent , confessed and then recanted . "  It is up to the judge to consider this , " Hammad said . Foster said he recanted his confession after he was released from jail . He said he did not tell U.S. consular officials who met with him while he was in jail nor did he file a complaint against the officer in the case because he was afraid he would be beaten again if he professed his innocence . Robert H. Arbuckle , a public affairs officer at the U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi , declined to comment because Foster had not authorized consular officials to act on his behalf with the media . The U.S. Embassy strongly advises travelers to the UAE and those transiting through the country to avoid carrying any type of law enforcement or security item , including weapons , body armor and handcuffs , according to its web site . It warns that people caught carrying such items will face criminal charges . "  I do n't understand how they can do this ? " Foster said . "  How can they put me away for seven years with no proof whatsoever ? " Foster has been living at a Dubai hotel since authorities released him on March 1 . In lieu of bail , UAE officials confiscated his passport to ensure he would appear in court , Hammad said . Nearly 1,000 people have appealed to Yousef Al Otaiba , the UAE ambassador to the United States , and Jeffrey D. Feltman of the State Department 's Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs to intervene on Foster 's behalf . "  I urge you to do everything in your power to ensure Adam is treated fairly on May 19 with consideration of his illegal torture and coerced confession , " according to a sample letter posted on Facebook . "  Americans all over the world are counting on you and the State Department to speak boldly in opposition to human rights violations . " Hundreds of others have posted messages of support . "  Imagine yourself in his place for about five minutes . Then do something to help him , " urges Facebook user Bruce Varner . Foster said he was hanging on to hope that the letters from friends and family might make a difference in his case . Last year , UAE authorities detained Nicholas Moody of Nevada for more than three months on charges of possessing weapons accessories -- parts that could accompany a gun , though no firearm itself . Moody was arrested during an 18-hour layover in Abu Dhabi while heading back from Iraq . A judge later dismissed the charges . CNN 's Jill Doherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Travel advisory warns Americans against carrying any security related items in the UAE Investigators say Adam Foster stole a pair of handcuffs He says he found them at a mall Foster says he only confessed after he was tied to a chair and beaten
LonelyPlanet.com  -- Now that you can fly to Iceland on the Iron Maiden plane  check out our recent Q&A with the plane 's captain , Maiden singer Bruce Dickinson  , we thought we 'd acknowledge a few other ways you can travel ` with the stars ' -- by going to their own shops , restaurants or private islands . Here 's a sample : Hotels and villas Keith Richards : Rocky Point Villa  Parrot Cay , Turks & Caicos For beach-time luxury , Keef really does home here -- it 's just one of a series of celeb-studded three-bedroom villas with big sundecks , private pool and butler service in the Turks & Caicos that start at $ 10 million if you 're looking to buy . To rent , it runs $ 8100 a week in peak season , but $ 4500 from June through October . Kate Pierson of the B-52s : Lazy Meadow  Woodstock , New York Far far far more economical -- and funky -- is Kate Pierson of the B-52 's boutique hotel , a renovated '50s cabin complex a couple hours from New York City in the Catskills . Rates start at $ 175 a night . Each cabin was decorated by the artists who lent their colorful home for the B-52 's ` Love Shack ' video , and there are '50s - era Airstream Trailers to rent out too . There 's nearby streams , hiking trails and towns to explore . Lonely Planet : Countries that can still be traveled on the cheap Doris Day : Cypress Inn  Carmel , California Most equate Carmel with former mayor Clint Eastwood , but Doris ` Que Sera Sera ' Day calls it home too . Airy , terra-cotta hallways give a Mediterranean feel to this historic hotel , open since 1929 . And Doris ' seriously pet-tastic rules  quote open to canine guests  is quite , um , ` que sera sera ' too . Clint Eastwood : Mission Ranch  Carmel , California Speaking of Clint , his Carmel ranch features a complex of 1850s buildings spread across sea-facing fields in Carmel too . There 's some surprising deals from $ 135 a night for a room in the ranch house . Francis Ford Coppola : Coppola Resorts  Belize & others Coppola 's not just in it for the tourist dough , he steps in to help rebuild communities . Highly regarded resorts like Placencia , Belize 's Turtle Inn are made from hurricane-wrecked predecessors transformed into a dose of paradise , with nice beaches and diving opportunities . Summer rates start at $ 285 . Lonely Planet : 20 free attractions in London Restaurants and bars We all know about Bobby DeNiro 's Nobu sushi franchise  seriously , he 's even opened one in the world 's most remote English-speaking city , Perth  , so we 've focused on a few you might have missed : Mike Dirnt of Green Day : Rudy 's Ca n't Fail Cafe  Oakland , CA The recently opened second rock 'n' roll themed cafÃ © -- named for a Clash song -- is set next to the historic Fox Theater in Oakland 's rising ` Uptown ' neighborhood , which was pretty much a ghost town a few years ago . Makes sense to co-owner Mike Dirnt  Green Day 's bassist  , who was born in town . It 's a bit of a '50s throw-back , with thematic dolls and a hearty gamut of diner fare . Morgan Freeman : Ground Zero Blues Club  Clarksdale , Mississippi Near the fabled crossroads -- down on Highway 61 , where Robert Johnson supposedly sold his soul for guitar prowess -- Clarksdale is a slightly worn Delta town with a heavy dose of blues and barbecue .  April 's Juke Joint festival is a sidewalk-spiller scene of ribs and blues bands ; unreal  . The town 's focal point , right by the tracks , is the paint-peeling brick building known as Ground Zero , a blues bar co-owned by Morgan Freeman . It 's only 10 , but looks 80 -- in all the right ways . Carlos Santana : Maria Maria  Walnut Creek & San Diego , CA ; Austin , TX The Grammy-winning guitarist named his mini chain  four locations  of modern Mexican fare after his hit song . Food makes regulars forget any celeb connection , though if they look closely at the artist signature they can remember  Carlos ' art decorates the walls  . Shops and clubs Jack White : Third Man Records  Nashville Jack Whites -- of White Stripes  and ` Cold Mountain ' let 's not forget  fame -- opened this record shop in Nashville a couple years ago . He wo n't likely be manning the register when you go by , but it 's clearly a business true to his unique aesthetic and something he means . It recently starred on the Comedy Central TV show , the Colbert Report , where the mock-conservative talking head recorded with the label 's band Black Belles .  See Jack hold his own with Colbert . Dave Eggers : 826 Valencia  San Francisco Eclectic author , the guy behind the ever-artful McSweeney 's literary journal , created this not-for-profit writing center/shop to inspire youth to write in San Francisco 's Mission District . It 's also a shop , famed for its pirate supplies for the ` working buccaneer . ' When all else fails , what 's wrong with a little fun and a lot of inspiration ? See Eggers talk , nervously , on how he started it for TED Talks . Susan Sarandon : SPiN  New York City She does n't know how to play ping pong , or really care to learn , but sees her ownership role of the star-studded ping-pong club in Manhattan as something like ` Miss Kitty ' from the TV show Gunsmoke . Why though ? She said , after getting beaten in China , she likes any sport where a little girl can beat a tough guy . It 's as much playing as , the site confesses , drinking or people-watching . The catch is to play you must apply for membership -- starting at $ 65 a month  the application requires self-evaluation at ping-pong skills , a seven-tiered rating from 'em barrassing ' to ` professional '  . Carly Simon : Midnight Farm  Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts In Vineyard Haven on Martha 's Vineyard -- the town that still makes boats , true to the island salty past -- Carly Simon co-owns the shop Midnight Farm , a precious little shop that covers most bases : wall art , sundresses , hand creams , books , and signed copies of Carly 's CDs  her music always makes the website  . Lonely Planet : 10 common travel scams © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	"  Travel with the stars " by visiting their hotels , restaurants and shops Clint Eastwood , Keith Richards and Doris Day all have luxurious accomodation spots Morgan Freeman owns a blues club and Carlos Santana has a Mexican fare chain
Financial Times  -- Facebook is working with a controversial data company called Datalogix that can track whether people who see ads on the social networking site end up buying those products in stores . Amid growing pressure for the social networking site to prove the value of its advertising , Facebook is gradually wading into new techniques for tracking and using data about users that raise concerns among privacy advocates . "  We kept hearing back -LSB- from marketers -RSB- that we needed to push further and help them do a better job , " said Brad Smallwood , Facebook 's head of measurement and insights . Datalogix has purchasing data from about 70m American households largely drawn from loyalty cards and programmes at more than 1,000 retailers , including grocers and drug stores . By matching email addresses or other identifying information associated with those cards against emails or information used to establish Facebook accounts , Datalogix can track whether people bought a product in a store after seeing an ad on Facebook . The emails and other identifying information are made anonymous and collected into groups of people who saw an ad and people who did not . Datalogix compiles a report for Facebook and its advertisers to measure which creative approaches and demographic targeting persuade people to buy specific products offline . Facebook said it is paying Datalogix for the data-matching . So far , the two companies have measured 45 campaigns and in 70 per cent of cases , for every dollar a marketer spent on Facebook it earned an additional $ 3 in incremental sales , Mr Smallwood said . Marketers are eager for more data to see how their Facebook ad campaigns perform , but some said they still are figuring out how to evaluate the new data . Ford said the information was promising , but a spokesman added that it was too early to give a formal opinion . " Some privacy advocates question whether the practice violates the $ 9.5 m settlement Facebook struck with the US Federal Trade Commission over charges that it deceived consumers by not keeping privacy promises . Facebook users are automatically included in the advertising studies conducted with Datalogix , and can not directly opt out through their Facebook account . Instead , they must go to the Datalogix website , for which Facebook has a link posted in its help centre . Jeff Chester , executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy , a privacy group , said this practice does not provide Facebook users with sufficient control over their data or with transparency over how it is being used . "  We do n't believe any of this online-offline data should be used without express consumer approval and an opt-in , " he said . Facebook and Datalogix said individual-level purchasing data were not shared with Facebook or its advertisers . Individual Facebook user data are not shared with advertisers . Facebook said it was working with an outside auditor to monitor its practices . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Facebook working with data company that tracks whether its users purchase advertised products Datalogix matches purchasing data from retailers with Facebook users , based on corresponding identifying information Privacy advocates raising concerns
CNN  Anita Ekberg , the Swedish-born actress whose role in "  La Dolce Vita " made her into an international symbol of sensuality , died in Italy on Sunday . Her death was widely reported in Italian media , citing complications from a longtime illness . She was 83 . Ekberg died in the country that made her an international star thanks to her turn as Sylvia , Marcello Mastroianni 's unattainable dream woman the 1960 Federico Fellini classic . However , she was often quoted as saying that Fellini owed his fame to her , not the other way around . A scene from "  La Dolce Vita " of her bathing in Rome 's Trevi fountain , clad in a black gown with a plunging neckline , cemented her sex symbol status , a designation she would later refer to as a "  handicap . " American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan also immortalized Ekberg in the song "  I Shall Be Free . " Born in Malmo , Sweden , in 1931 , Ekberg 's road to stardom began in 1950 , when she represented Sweden in the Miss Universe competition , according to internet movie database IMDb . She did not win , but she landed a modeling contract in the United States , where she posed for Playboy and American pinup magazines . She landed Hollywood roles over the next decade that played on her beauty and her voluptuous figure . She appeared in the comedy "  Abbott and Costello Go to Mars " as a guard on the planet Venus . She also appeared in two comedies with Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis , "  Artists and Models " and "  Hollywood or Bust , " and another with Bob Hope , "  Paris Holiday . " She made Italy her home after her breakthrough role , where she continued to pursue a career in TV and film , though she drew more attention for her personal life , which included two marriages . She was absent from the public eye in recent years . According to Italian media , she had grown destitute over the years , with little financial recourse when she became began suffering the setbacks of old age . People we lost in 2015	Swedish-born actress Anita Ekberg died Sunday in Italy , her adopted home She often said that "  La Dolce Vita " director Federico Fellini owed his success to her
CNN  -- A powerful tornado ripped through West Liberty , Kentucky , last week , making the quaint community look like "  a war zone , " according to the state 's governor . Fortunately , the First Response Team of America was there to help . Founded by 2008 CNN Hero Tad Agoglia , the organization brought its specialized fleet of disaster recovery equipment to West Liberty . Since 2007 , the First Response Team has crisscrossed the country , providing free aid to as many as 40 disaster sites . Agoglia recently spoke to CNN 's Rob Marciano about the team 's efforts in West Liberty . Rob Marciano : It seems like you got here right as the storm hit . Were you one of the first guys on the ground ? Tad Agoglia : We arrived just a few hours after the storm went through this mountain community . It was very interesting trying to figure out a way in , because we have huge tractor-trailers . A lot of these mountainous roads are very windy , and there were trees down , power lines down . But we eventually found the epicenter of the city right where the tornado went through . Marciano : You 've seen a lot of disasters like this . What was your first reaction ? Agoglia : The tornado that went through West Liberty was pretty unique . Not only did it go directly through the heart of town and destroy all of the infrastructure that 's needed for a community to get back on their feet , but it also went through the hills where a lot of folks were in their homes .  That  makes it very difficult for firefighters and emergency workers to get through those windy hills and access those home sites to do search and rescue . Marciano : What 's the reaction to your team when you get into town ? Agoglia : When we arrive on the scene sometimes , it is hard for these community leaders to really believe that we are here for free with all of this gear . But they quickly do realize that we are there to help and that we care . And when they see the equipment working and the light towers go up and the roads start being cleared , they begin to realize that we are good people and that we are coming with no strings attached to help them . ... They need tools and resources that they do n't have themselves . And when they see us coming in with all the equipment ... they welcome us into the community because they know they need the help . Marciano : What are some key things your team does to help communities like West Liberty ? Agoglia : After a tornado of this magnitude strikes a small community like this , the priorities have to be identified . The roads need to be cleared so that emergency workers like firefighters and search-and-rescue teams can come in and find the people and extract them to safety . They need lighting so they can see . It is very easy to walk into power lines or step on nails ... so light towers are important . So , we 've cleared the roads , we 've provided the light towers . This town has a small grocery store and gas station . ... It needed power so that people could get food and water and baby food and the essentials , including gasoline so that the emergency workers can have fuel for their trucks and carry on . Marciano : At what point do you decide : "  OK , our work is done here . It is time to move on ? " Agoglia : The First Response Team provides a unique service . It 's that in-between phase , that gap when the storm first strikes and when traditional help arrives . Our priority is that first day , that first night and that first few weeks until traditional help arrives . Marciano : Why do you do this ? Why did you choose this road ? Agoglia : There is just something inside of me that feels compelled to help . When I am watching the news and I see those super cells go right over these small communities and heart of America , I know that people are going through some of the most traumatic times they have ever experienced in their lives , and I want to be there to help .	CNN Hero Tad Agoglia and his First Response Team provide free help after natural disasters They recently brought their specialized equipment to a tornado-hit Kentucky town Since 2007 , the group has helped in as many as 40 disasters across the U.S. Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
CNN  A Pennsylvania State University fraternity has been suspended after allegedly posting on a private Facebook page compromising photos of women , including some who appeared to be asleep or passed out . The suspension of Kappa Delta Rho  KDR  fraternity comes as State College Police as well as university officials investigate the fraternity 's alleged use of the online page with up to 144 active members , including current and former students . "  No arrests are being made at this time , " State College Police Lt. Keith Robb said . "  Unfortunately , we are n't able to identify any suspects right now because the accounts on Facebook were sanitized , wiped clean . " Robb said it has not yet been determined if any crime occurred . In a statement , college administrators said the fraternity 's local chapter had been suspended for one year by the Penn State Interfraternity Council and that police and university officials were investigating . The statement said the fraternity used the private Facebook page to post "  highly inappropriate photographs ... of activities and events that are in direct violation of the standards and values of a recognized student organization at Penn State . " The images allegedly included nude and partially nude women -- some seemed to pose , others appeared incapacitated . "  The evidence offered by the Facebook postings is appalling , offensive and inconsistent with the University community 's values and expectations , " the statement said . Penn State University President Eric Barron said in a separate statement Wednesday that the university will work with Kappa Delta Rho 's national headquarters to determine whether the fraternity should be reinstated . The university is also considering whether fraternities will continue at Penn State , Barron said . "  It ... brings us to a point where we must ask if a re-evaluation of the fraternity system is required , " he said . "  Some members of the University senior leadership believe it is , and we are considering our options . " David Clohessy , director of the St. Louis-based Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , or SNAP , said in a statement that the latest allegations call into question the university 's handling of sex crime reports . "  For years now , Penn State enthusiasts have repeatedly reassured everyone who 'd listen that the university 's problematic culture about sex crimes had been ` reformed , " Clohessy said . "  The latest allegations -- that fraternity members posted nude pictures of women on Facebook , some of whom appeared to be sleeping or passed out -- raise serious doubts about those claims . " In 2012 , former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky was convicted on 45 counts of sexually molesting boys and sentenced to a 30 - to 60-year prison term . Sandusky , who has maintained his innocence , is appealing . "  The Kappa Delta Rho is a wake-up call , " Clohessy said . "  But the Sandusky case should have been a wake-up call too . " A former member of Kappa Delta Rho alerted police to the page , telling them in January that it had been used by members to share photos of "  unsuspecting victims , drug sales and hazing , " according to a copy of a police affidavit . The drugs allegedly included "  marijuana and edibles , concentrates , ADD medication , and some cocaine , " the affidavit said . The former frat member who tipped off police told authorities that a second Facebook page called "  2.0 " allegedly had been created around April 2014 following complaints from a woman whose photo was posted on it , the affidavit said . The earlier version of the page was titled "  Covert Business Transactions . " Rape , nude photos , racist behavior : Do fraternities make men behave badly ? The ex-frat member told police that the victim was visiting the fraternity when she saw a topless photo of herself after a member accidentally left his Facebook page logged in , the affidavit said . The affidavit included photos of women and screen shots of cellphone text exchanges , including one from a woman who allegedly had no recollection of a sexual encounter and whether birth control was used . In the Sandusky case , the sensational trial featured the testimony of eight young men who said they were sexually abused by Sandusky -- either groped in a car , soaped by him in the shower or sexually assaulted on a basement waterbed . The scandal gripped the nation and ended a torturous chapter for the victims and Penn State 's vaunted football program , including the dismissal of the late legendary coach Joe Paterno and one of America 's highest-paid university presidents , Graham Spanier . It also tarnished Penn State 's celebrated reputation in collegiate athletics . "  We hope that Penn State officials will stop patting themselves on the back and start instituting real reforms to make the campus safer for students , " said Clohessy , whose group includes members who were allegedly molested by religious figures of all denominations . Attempts to reach the university and interfraternity council were unsuccessful . CNN 's Laura Ly and Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	University president : Penn State considers "  re-evaluation of the fraternity system " Penn State University fraternity suspended over alleged private Facebook page The page allegedly includes photos of nude or partially nude women
CNN  -- In 2012 , a strong Web presence must be part of every political hopeful 's strategy . On the eve of Tuesday 's Iowa caucuses , the first official contest of this year 's presidential campaign , we take a look at how the seven Republican hopefuls are presenting themselves in the digital world of social media . This includes everything from tallying their Twitter followers and Facebook likes to comparing what kind of information they 're most likely to share online . We also compare their scores on Klout , a site that aims to measure someone 's influence based on their popularity on social media  a number some consider dubious , but that more folks online are starting to pay attention to  . Of course , these numbers may have no bearing on how the candidates actually fare with Iowa caucusgoers . Some of the candidates may have departed the race by Wednesday night . And whoever survives the grueling process to presumably face President Barack Obama in November may change digital strategies multiple times between now and then . But for now , here 's a snapshot of the current GOP field online  in alphabetical order ; numbers current as of Monday evening  : Michele Bachmann Twitter followers : 36,262  a heartier 126,842 for her Congress account Facebook page "  likes " : 460,290 YouTube channel views : 1,323,985 Klout score : 68 Style : Bachmann tweets only sporadically from her Congress account but several times a day from her campaign account , which is full of upbeat messages and quotes from the candidate  "  I fight , I fight hard , and I fight for you "  . Both her Twitter feed and Facebook page -- which seems to exist just to promote her campaign -- are full of pics of her on the stump in Iowa , waving from her bus and greeting voters . Sample tweet : "  Happy New Year ! In 2012 , we 're resolving to make Barack Obama a one-term President . What 's your resolution ? " Noteworthy : A gallery of Facebook pics shows Bachmann attending the Iowa-Iowa State football game in true politician style -- wearing a jersey that says "  Iowa " on one side and "  Iowa State " on the other . In another photo , she has autographed a bald man 's head . Newt Gingrich Twitter followers : 1,385,524 Facebook page "  likes " : 224,267 YouTube channel views : 6,310,555 Klout score : 78 Style : Gingrich 's Twitter feed is largely made up of routine posts like photos from campaign events , links to newspaper endorsements and the like . The feed is sprinkled with few posts that appear personal , though , thanking supporters and responding to follower 's questions , for example . His Facebook page appears to strictly be official campaign posts . Sample tweet : "  Newt 's economic plan is ` the most aggressive now , and it shows you how timid Romney 's is in comparison . ' http://bitly.com/sZSz38 " Noteworthy : Gingrich , whose Twitter follower count far exceeds any other GOP candidate , had a bit of a kerfuffle when a former staffer told reporters in August that the campaign had hired an agency to inflate that number with phony accounts . Gingrich denied it , although one analysis suggested that as few as 8 % of his followers were actually human . Jon Huntsman Twitter followers : 66,699 Facebook page "  likes " : 30,785 YouTube channel views : 635,793 Klout score : 70 Style : Thanks in part to tweets and video clips from his daughters , Huntsman has definitely injected some personality into his online presence . In August , after Perry made comments that appeared to call the theory of evolution into question , Huntsman tweeted : "  To be clear . I believe in evolution and trust scientists on global warming . Call me crazy . " Sample tweet : "  Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas . Family tradition to serve at a homeless shelter in Salt Lake City on Christmas day . " Noteworthy : Huntsman 's best social-media moment might have been in late November , when he fielded questions from followers live on Twitter . The event got some unexpected attention when "  The Daily Show " playfully pranked it , using its own Twitter account to urge "  Mad Men " fans to tweet questions to star Jon Hamm using Huntsman 's identifying hashtag -- #QforJon . Ron Paul Twitter followers : 150,192  plus 96.605 for his Congress account Facebook page "  likes " : 675,897 YouTube channel views : 35,591,936  Note : He 's had the account since 2008 . Klout score : 75 Style : Paul 's Facebook page has a dash of personality , including links to articles about him , photos of supporters and family events , and even the occasional "  politician-with-baby " shot . Under "  likes " he lists his son , U.S. Sen. Rand Paul . Sample tweet : "  Thank you for supporting today 's money bomb ! If you have n't had a chance yet , you can donate here : http://ow.ly/826Mq #RonPaul " Noteworthy : In 2008 , Paul was dominant online , with an active presence and diehard followers who flocked to push him to the top of online polls , even when the real polls did n't coincide . This year , other candidates have caught up with his campaign 's Web presence , but he 's polling better in the numbers that matter . Rick Perry Twitter followers : 111,629  plus 24,209 for his campaign account Facebook page "  likes " : 180,211 YouTube channel views : 13,075,616 Klout score : 74 Style : Perry likes to tweet about running . He really , really likes to tweet about running . A big chunk of Perry 's most recent tweets are photos of the spots in Iowa , and elsewhere , in which he 's taken a jog . Sample tweet : "  Very nice running trail around Oskaloosa , Iowa . Go get em today . . whatever it may be !! http://yfrog.com/obhyibvj " Noteworthy : Perry 's campaign got a lesson in social-media use after posting a campaign ad that bemoans the fact that gays can openly serve in the military and accused President Obama of waging a "  war on religion . " But the campaign either forgot or chose not to disable comments on the video . The result ? It collected more than 730,000 "  dislikes , " making it one of the most disliked videos on YouTube .  By comparison , Rebecca Black 's "  Friday " has 367,000 , although it is in its second incarnation  . Mitt Romney Twitter followers : 219,425 Facebook page "  likes " : 1,267,200 YouTube channel views : No official channel Klout score : 78 Style : Both Romney 's Twitter feed and Facebook page are made up entirely of posts that seem to be directly from the campaign . No banter here . Perhaps to maintain greater control over his message , Romney almost never retweets posts from others . Sample tweet : "  I believe in restoring the principles that made America great , and I 'll do that with your help Tuesday night . " Noteworthy : Pranksters on Klout have used the ability to give someone " + K " -- basically , an endorsement -- in an area of influence and are taking a shot at Romney 's reputation for changing positions on issues . Behind "  politics " and "  conservative politics , " Romney 's third area of "  expertise " is "  Flip-flop  fashion  . " It 's a casual shoe and a political insult , all rolled into one . Rick Santorum Twitter followers : 52,800 Facebook page "  likes " : 42,147 YouTube channel views : 43,326 Klout score : 70 Style : With their "  No Surrender " and "  The Courage to Fight for America " slogans , Santorum 's Web pages have a pugnacious tone . Both his Facebook and Twitter feeds are full of links to positive articles and plugs for his TV and radio appearances . The first fact listed on his Twitter bio , ahead of his status as a former U.S. senator , is "  Karen and I have seven children . " Sample tweet : "  Sitting w son John talking about his 1st pheasant hunt in IA . A proud dad and NRA member  with an A + lifetime rating btw  #fb #iacaucus . " Noteworthy : The Internet has n't always been kind to the former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania . When you Google his name , a top result is a fake sexual byproduct we ca n't repeat here , an act of revenge by sex columnist Dan Savage , who created the site because he objected to Santorum 's comments about homosexuality . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	GOP presidential candidates have a varied approach to their online presences Newt Gingrich has the most Twitter followers , but some question how he got them Rick Perry 's campaign posted an ad on YouTube that became its most disliked
CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan is in the spotlight again , this time in London . On Wednesday , the actress gave her West End debut in David Mamet 's film-industry satire "  Speed-the-Plow , " and the reviews have n't been kind . According to the New York Daily News , the former "  Mean Girls " star turned in a "  shaky " performance , and "  fumbled for words a few times . " The New York paper adds that Lohan "  seemed to rely on a book she clutched as a prop that had some lines from the script scribbled in it . " The Daily Beast was n't any gentler , noting that halfway through the show , "  the audience was openly laughing at Lohan 's struggle to grasp Mamet 's sharp , trademark dialogue . " Before the production opened , Lohan told TimeOut London that she hoped her work on "  Speed-the-Plow " will help restore her image . "  I think it shows that I can be accountable , and I think it helps with the perception that I 'm just a psycho that goes out and stuff , " the actress said . "  I 've done things , but people grow up and they change . I 'm willing to work hard to gain back the respect that I once had and have lost . " As for the future , Lohan added that she does have a five-year plan : "  I would like to be married and have children , and hopefully be at the Oscars , " the 28-year-old said , "  but that 's as far as it goes for now . " The production of "  Speed-the-Plow " runs at the Playhouse Theater in London until November 29 .	Lindsay Lohan made her West End debut on Wednesday Reviews have called the performance "  shaky " Lohan said she hoped the play would help change her reputation
CNN  -- Britney Spears ' latest album is supposed to be intimate , but it 's left a number of critics cold . The 32-year-old singer 's eighth record , "  Britney Jean , " was officially released on Tuesday after streaming on iTunes for the past week . As early reactions indicated , "  Britney Jean " is n't quite as warm and inviting as Spears has made it sound . "  I poured my heart and soul into this album , " Spears told her fans in an open letter on her website . "  I know I keep telling you it is my most personal record yet , but it 's true and I 'm really proud of that . I have been through a lot in the past few years and it has really inspired me to dig deeper and write songs that I think everyone can relate to . " Yet to Entertainment Weekly , which gave the album a B + grade , "  Britney Jean " "  tells you virtually bupkus about her struggles over the years . But in just 10 tidy songs , it brings us closer than ever before to that distant dreamer . " The Washington Post was n't as gentle in its review , finding that the ironic lack of intimacy on "  Britney Jean " makes the disc "  instantly forgettable . " "  The result is n't remotely personal , does n't venture much beyond the usual Britney themes -- fame is confusing , sex is fun , I am a totally normal person with the same worries as you , let 's dance -- and will do nothing to reassure anyone that the once familiar , pre-2007 Britney is in there anywhere , " the review says . The Atlantic agrees , dismissing "  Britney Jean " as Spears ' "  most disappointing release yet , a snoozefest of shallow mid-tempos and limp club tracks that chase trends rather than invent them . And the glimpses into Britney Jean Spears , the artist , are , frankly , neither interesting nor informative . " The Los Angeles Times warns that "  whatever unique skills Spears once had -- what were they again , anyway ? -- ` Britney Jean ' suggests she better prepare herself for the reality that she 's losing them fast . ... There 's very little beneath the album 's many cliches to suggest insight , let alone the unfiltered honesty of autobiography . " That said , if you 're a fan of post-2007 Spears , which includes the smash album "  Blackout , " then "  Britney Jean " might be your cup of dance-pop tea . Rolling Stone gave Spears ' effort three-and-a-half stars , appraising "  Britney Jean " as continuing "  the roll she 's been on in recent years . ... Like her excellent late-summer electro-sleaze hit , ` Work B *** h , ' ` Britney Jean ' adds up the high price of stardom . It 's a concept album about the loneliness of pop life -- with a high-profile broken engagement behind her , Brit gets personal and drops her most bummed-out music ever . " MTV , too , was able to see the heart underneath the driving beat . "  Most of the tracks sound like a wild night out , " the network said in an early review . But added "  it 's when you dig under all the reverb and EDM beats that you hear that ` Britney Jean ' really is coming from her heart -- one beating at 500 miles an hour . "	Britney Spears ' eighth studio album was released on December 3 The record , "  Britney Jean , " is intended to be more intimate Yet some critics have found the disc to be impenetrable
CNN  -- The man they call the "  Wizard of Ballydoyle " has got a master apprentice . Irish champion trainer Aidan O'Brien has a reputation as a brilliant tutor of horses , but his most prized protege is now his eldest son , Joseph . The pair galloped into the history books last season as the first father and son -- in the role of trainer and jockey -- to win England 's Epsom Derby , one of the world 's most famous flat races , with Camelot . "  It works well , " Joseph , who is his father 's first-choice jockey , told CNN 's Winning Post . "  We both discuss what way we 're going to ride the horse and it does n't always go to plan -- it usually does n't -- but when it does it is great . " Joseph is lean , rosy-cheeked and softly-spoken -- and modest too . The 20-year-old rode his first winner , trained by his father , at Leopardstown in 2009 just days after his 16th birthday . Since then the O'Brien father-and-son combination has claimed high-profile victories in England , Ireland , the U.S. and Dubai on celebrated horses including Camelot and St Nicholas Abbey . "  I suppose Joseph has never known anything else since he was a baby , " said O'Brien , surveying the Ballydoyle yard tucked away in the heart of the Irish countryside in County Tipperary . "  He probably knows how we think better than anybody . He knows when it goes wrong too -- he 's the first to admit it . " O'Brien learnt his trade from his own father , a farmer and small-scale trainer in County Wexford , Ireland , before becoming a jockey , who dabbled in training on the side . The 44-year-old was Ireland 's amateur champion jockey but it was his knack of training horses that saw him snapped up by Coolmore , Ireland 's global breeding and training powerhouse , in 1995 . He has been Ireland 's champion trainer since 1998 and British champion trainer four times , guiding great horses such as Giant 's Causeway , Galileo and High Chapparal . With such a prestigious brand to protect , not to mention family honor , does O'Brien treat his son differently ? "  No , I do n't think so , " answered O'Brien in a straightforward manner . "  He 's seen it all and heard it all good and bad . "  It 's obviously a much closer relationship as we all live together but it 's more or less the same . " Joseph agrees that he is not treated any differently by his father to the other jockeys charged with riding potential winners home . "  There 's always a little bit of pressure , " he explained . "  But I like pressure because when the pressure 's on it means you 'll be sensible . " Dynasty in safe hands The pressure just might increase on Joseph at some point in the future . As well as being his father 's favored jockey , O'Brien has named him as his potential successor . "  I 'd be delighted , " said O'Brien . "  He 'd have to be finished riding at that stage but those things are a long way down the road . "  We 'll look forward to it when it does happen . " At least Joseph does not have to worry about sustaining the O'Brien dynasty alone . The 20-year-old is the eldest of four children and O'Brien -- whose wife Anne-Marie was also a trainer -- already has them all riding out to exercise the horses . No wonder Ballydoyle has a reputation for breeding future stars of the turf -- and the training yard .	The rising star of champion trainer Aidan O'Brien 's stable is his own son Joseph The pair are the first father-and-son to win the Epsom Derby as trainer and jockey Joseph jokes their plans "  do n't always go to plan " but the pair have had great success O'Brien says Joseph could one day take over training at the prestigious Coolmore stable
Tribune Media Services  -- If you think being a secret agent is all just one giant adrenaline rush , think again . Cracking the safe at the International Spy Museum Our mission on the other side of the world : Retrieve a missing nuclear trigger before it falls into enemy hands . We do n't know whom to trust in Kandahar . We ca n't speak the language . We 've got to conduct video surveillance on an always-moving target , decrypt a secret audio conversation when we can barely hear through the static , crack a safe and then escape from a heavily guarded compound . Phew . We kept the terrorists from getting the trigger . Everyone heaves a giant sigh of relief . The three middle-schoolers in the group performed admirably . Welcome to Operation Spy at the International Spy Museum  www.spymuseum.org  in Washington , D.C. "  Today intelligence is the first line of defense against ideology-driven terrorism , nuclear proliferation , and other threats to our country , " explains Peter Earnest , executive director of the International Spy Museum , who spent 36 years at the CIA . The idea , he explains , is to put civilians like us in a situation that mirrors a real mission . But I 've got a bigger mission ahead this weekend : Can I make a visit to the nation 's capital , museums and historic sites at every turn , fun ? I 've brought along two sixth-graders from Stamford , Connecticut -- my cousin 's son , Max Weinberg , and his friend , Miles Singer -- to see if I 'm up to the challenge . So far so good . The kids loved Operation Spy and the spy tools in the museum 's permanent exhibits -- a Soviet listening device hidden inside the heel of a target 's shoe , a lipstick pistol and poison gas gun nearly as much as they loved the gift shop , which offered every spy toy imaginable . New lasers in hand , we adjourn next door to the upscale Zola restaurant  www.zoladc.com  , which has a sophisticated ambience and menu to please the grown-ups , as well as a welcoming attitude toward kids ... not to mention terrific fries .  Memo to parents : If you take kids to a restaurant like this and they 've outgrown the kids ' menu , suggest they share a meal -- assuming they want the same thing . Over dinner , the boys confess that learning about intelligence gathering was a lot more fun than learning how Congress works , and taking the Amtrak train  www.amtrak.com  was a lot more fun than driving or flying , because they could stay "  plugged in " the entire trip , playing video games , watching movies and buying pizza and hot dogs .  Kids ride Amtrak for half price . The Palomar Hotel , a Kimpton Hotel ,  www.hotelpalomar-dc.com  , just a short walk from DuPont Circle and Rock Creek Park  proved an ideal choice for my "  mission " too . The theme of this hotel is "  art in motion " and when we get to our room , the kids find personalized cartoons drawn by a local cartoonist and an iHome to plug in their iPods . "  This makes me feel like a king , " Miles declares , jumping on the bed . That 's exactly what General Manager Brett Orlando , himself the father of young twins , wants to hear . "  Our job is to create an experience for kids as well as parents , " he explains . There is a treasure chest of toys for younger kids to borrow , a lending library of DVD movies and welcome swag that includes a card for free cookies from room service . Check the hotel Website for the Link in Luxury package that allows you to book one room at a going rate -- weekend rates start at $ 229 and a second adjoining room for the kids for $ 50 . Fall and winter weekends are a great time to visit D.C. with bargain hotel rates . Visit www.washington.org  . The boys , of course , would have preferred to never leave the hotel but I promise we can skip all the "  boring stuff " " -- like the Capitol Building , the Supreme Court , all art museums and even the White House . But even without these stops , we had plenty to fill up our weekend . At Jaleo ,  www.jaleo.com  , they sampled tapas for the first time -- but passed on the octopus and squid and reveled at being treated like grown-ups at the trendy D.C. Coast  www.dccoast.com  . They declared "  Shear Madness , " which has been running in the Kennedy Center 's Theater Lab  http://www.kennedy-center.org/  for almost 20 years , a high point -- with campy humor and the opportunity for the audience to help solve the scissor-stabbing murder of a concert pianist who lives above the hairstyling salon . They also liked the view from the top of the Washington Monument , though they were disappointed when they learned they had to take a 70-second elevator ride rather than climb the 800-plus steps .  TIP : Even in the fall , the entire day 's tickets had been given out before 10 a.m. Arrive before 9 a.m. at the kiosk at 15th Street and Madison Drive to get one . The kids also gave a thumbs-up to The Bureau of Engraving and Printing  www.bep.treas.gov  where they watched from an overhead glass window , as money was made and sorted . NOTE : Though  free  tickets are n't required September through February , tours still fill up . Be prepared . You may need to wait . At the National Air and Space Museum  www.nasm.si.edu  where a new exhibit , America by Air , will open next month , the boys were most interested in the gift shop -- until they discovered the Simulator Rides  $ 8 each  that allowed them to try their skills as a pilot and gunner aboard an F-4 Phantom II Jet Fighter . "  I wish we could do it again and again , " Max said . I insisted they see the original 1903 Wright Flyer but after a cursory look , they were done . Sure I could have forced them to spend more time at the museum -- maybe I should have -- but that would have just made them cranky . Me too . Instead , we all left happy . The Smithsonian museums and the capital will be here next trip . E-mail to a friend For more Taking the Kids , visit www.takingthekids.com , where Eileen Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments . Copyright 2009 EILEEN OGINTZ , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	The International Spy Museum is popular with kids Fall and winter weekends in D.C. are a great time for bargain hotel rates Arrive before 9 a.m. for tickets to climb up the Washington Monument
CNN  -- Roads ripped to rubble by floodwaters up to 10 feet deep , rushing at speeds of up to 30 mph . Shattered homes near others still standing upright . One person dead , two others missing . That 's the harsh reality police , firefighters and residents were dealing with Saturday in Manitou Springs , a mountain community of about 5,000 people just west of Colorado Springs , after sudden , raging waters tore through the area . Under mostly sunny skies , crews spent the day looking for the missing and combing through wreckage wrought by floods triggered by intense rain . Locals such as Justin Blount , meanwhile , tried to make sense of what happened . He was in a Manitou Springs cafe , working on its owner 's computer , on Friday when water suddenly , perilously started flowing in front of the building . He and others -- one of them wheelchair-bound -- heard the water rushing below them as they finally got in an elevator and crept up to safety . "  It was like a raging river , a black river coming down , " Blount told CNN affiliate KUSA , dry after his 2Â 1/2 hour ordeal the day earlier . " ... It was wild . I 'm still in a little bit of shock . " His central Colorado town , at the foot of Pikes Peak , was one of several nationwide that have been impacted by wet weather and floodwaters in recent days . Showers and thunderstorms were expected from the Pacific Northwest to the Deep South . In addition to a pocket of Colorado , flash-flood warnings were in effect Saturday for parts of Washington and Oregon , as well as much of New Mexico . There were flood warnings -- which are issued when water levels in rivers and other waterways rise to precarious levels -- in Oklahoma , Kansas , Arkansas , Missouri and South Carolina . Some communities bracing for wet weather were coping with the aftermath of earlier devastating floods . A flash flood watch was in effect through 9 p.m.  11 p.m. ET  in Manitou Springs , for instance , given the threat that could be caused by more heavy rains . The dangers there are exacerbated by last year 's mammoth Waldo Canyon wildfire , which -- as Lt. Steve Schopper of the Manitou Springs Fire Department explained -- made the soil saturated , unstable , "  kind of waxy " and little help in curbing rushing waters . "  It 's like liquid cement , " Schopper told KUSA , noting that those caught up in the rocks , trees and other debris have little chance to escape . " ... You 're not swimming out of this . It will rip your clothes off . " Video of the mudslide showed cars sliding swiftly down an incline while others remained stranded in rushing , gray-colored water . One man was found dead beneath "  significant amounts of debris " left on Colorado Highway 24 , the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office said . The search , meanwhile , continued for two others . In Oklahoma , floodwaters swept away and killed a man who was trying to save his daughter from a stranded vehicle early Friday . Vincent Brown was attempting to rescue his daughter who had become stranded in high water in her vehicle , Oklahoma City Police spokeswoman Sgt. Jennifer Wardlow said . Wardlow said Brown 's daughter was wading toward her father . She turned to retrieve some items in her vehicle , and when she turned back around , he had been swept away by fast-moving floodwater that had rapidly appeared in Oklahoma City overnight . In South Carolina , Logan Dale Evans was found dead in floodwater on his family property Wednesday night near the town of Central , Pickens County Coroner Kandy Kelley said . Evans , 23 , was found outside his vehicle , which ended up about a mile downstream , said Kelley , who added that Evans is believed to have drowned . At least two people were reported killed in Missouri this week , including a driver who was caught in rapidly rising water in McDonald County on Thursday , said Gregg Sweeten , the county 's emergency management director . The woman , thought to be in her 60s , had been trying to drive over a bridge when the water overwhelmed her vehicle , Sweeten said . On Monday , Elijah Lee , 4 , died after 6 inches of rain fell on Pulaski County , about 140 miles southwest of St. Louis . The boy was found in a vehicle swept up in floodwater that caught the community along Mitchell Creek off guard , said Sgt. Dan Crain , a Missouri Highway Patrol spokesman . CNN 's Melissa Lefevre and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	"  It was like a raging river , a black river , " a Manitou Springs , Colorado , man says The floodwaters there rushed through at a rate of up to 30 mph , a firefighter says 1 is dead , 2 are unaccounted for in Manitou Springs , officials say Flood warnings and watches are in effect for states from Oregon to South Carolina
CNN  -- White House officials and some members of Congress reacted strongly Sunday to news that insurance giant AIG had intended to pay out $ 165 million in bonuses and compensation . The company has received at least $ 170 billion in federal bailout money . In a letter to the White House , AIG Chairman Edward Liddy , shown here in December , vows to curb bonuses . Under pressure from the Treasury , AIG scaled back the bonus plans and pledged to reduce 2009 bonuses -- or "  retention payments " -- by at least 30 percent . That did little to temper outrage at the initial plan , however . In a letter Sunday to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , U.S. Sen. Russ Feingold urged the Obama administration to explore "  legal options " to prevent the millions in AIG payouts . "  I write to ask why any bonuses would be legally required , given the company 's abysmal performance , " says Feingold , D-Wisconsin . Feingold asked whether the bonuses could be canceled or recouped from recipients , and whether the administration will sue AIG executives for breaching their duties to shareholders "  There are a lot of terrible things that have happened in the last 18 months , but what 's happened at AIG is the most outrageous , " Lawrence Summers , head of the National Economic Council , told ABC 's "  This Week . " "  What that company did , the way it was not regulated , the way no one was watching , what 's proved necessary , it is outrageous . " And on "  Fox News Sunday , " White House economic adviser Austan Goolsbee said Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner was "  really upset by the news . " "  He stepped in and berated them , got them to reduce the bonuses following every legal means he has to do this , " Goolsbee said . In a letter to Geithner , obtained Saturday by CNN , AIG Chairman and CEO Edward Liddy said his company was taking steps to limit compensation in AIG Financial Products -- the British-based unit responsible for issuing the risky credit default swaps that have brought the company to the brink of collapse . The default swaps amount to insurance against losses from bad loans , which have increased dramatically since the U.S. housing boom peaked . In the letter to Geithner , Liddy said the unit 's 25 highest-paid contract employees will reduce their salaries to $ 1 this year and all other officers in the unit will reduce their salaries by 10 percent . Other "  non-cash compensation " will be reduced or eliminated . But he told Geithner that some bonus payments are binding legal obligations of the company , and "  there are serious legal , as well as business consequences for not paying . " Rep. Barney Frank , the chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , told Fox that bailout recipients should have to follow stricter compensation rules , and said Congress should look into whether the bonuses are "  legally recoverable . " "  We ca n't just violate legal obligations , I understand that , " the Massachusetts Democrat said . "  But I do want to find out at what point these legal obligations were incurred . Who said , and at what point , ` We 're going to give these bonuses no matter what ? ' And I do think it 's inappropriate for those people to stay in power at that company . " Frank said that if banks complain that the Obama administration has made things too tough , "  They can give the money back . We made that easy . " Goolsbee said AIG was following "  a policy that 's really not sensible , is obviously going to ignite the ire of millions of people . " "  We 've done exactly what we can do to prevent this kind of thing from happening again , " Goolsbee said . Summers told ABC that the administration was taking "  every legal step possible to limit those bonuses . " Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , told "  Fox News Sunday " he believes it 's important to know whether the bonuses are actually commission payments for products sold by brokers , saying he would withhold judgment until that is clarified . However , "  I do think that these entities that are receiving government money , our money , I do think they have to play by a different set of rules , " Corker said . Hopefully , those different rules will discourage companies from accepting bailout funds , he said . Liddy , however , makes clear in the letter that he took steps to limit his employees ' compensation with trepidation . He said the company will have trouble attracting and retaining "  the best and the brightest ... if employees believe that their compensation is subject to continued and arbitrary adjustment by the U.S. Treasury . " AIG lost a record $ 62 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008 . It has more than 74 million insurance policies issued in 130 countries around the world . CNN 's Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	Insurance firm 's vow to reduce , but not eliminate , some bonuses causes uproar Treasury 's Geithner said to be "  really upset " and has "  berated " company execs Lawmaker : If bailed-out entities do n't like government limits , "  give the money back "
It began before dawn : One thousand troops taking up position . The goal ? Push ISIS fighters back toward Mosul and farther from Irbil , the capital of Iraq 's Kurdish region . ISIS had already destroyed a bridge linking the two cities a month ago , hoping to prevent any opposing force from advancing on Mosul -- the country 's second largest city . But the Kurdish fighting force , known as the Peshmerga , found another way , taking a long route around , traveling on dirt roads through mountainous areas -- first north , then west , then back south , past the bridge . They stopped near villages seized by ISIS , which refers to itself as the Islamic State . Most people had fled or been forced out of the area , the Peshmerga told CNN . Only fighters for the terrorist group and its sympathizers remained . ISIS , also known as ISIL , has seized large swaths of land as part of its effort to create a caliphate -- an Islamic state -- that stretches from western Syria to eastern Iraq . Once the Kurdish forces were in place , the firing began -- a series of loud explosions of mortar and artillery , says CNN producer John Fiegener , who along with CNN correspondent Anna Coren embedded with the Peshmerga . "  Then you hear the aerial bombs , and those are bigger . Then you hear the small arms -- the machine guns . " That sound indicates the Peshmerga forces have reached the areas where ISIS fighters are holed up , he said . It lasted hours . "  You see a lot of fires , smoke coming out -- whether it 's a fuel station or a gas tanker . " Hidden bombs and snipers But ISIS , known for its ferocious acts of terror and military tactics , expected Pesherga forces to arrive at some point , so the militants were prepared with hidden bombs and snipers . "  ISIS had a tanker full of explosives that they tried to drive into the Peshmerga , " Fiegener says . It caused a "  really huge explosion , " followed by a "  very large cloud of dust . " The United States played an instrumental role in the operation Tuesday , with airstrikes that shattered some ISIS positions . "  At least two jets were flying the entire time that we were there , " Fiegener said . There were two U.S. airstrikes northwest of Irbil , according to the U.S. military . That 's the same area where the Peshmerga operation was underway . The strikes targeted an armored vehicle and ISIS fighting position , according to the military . The Peshmerga estimated it faced about 100 ISIS fighters , killing between 20 and 30 of them . Six or seven members of the Kurdish forces were killed in explosions , a commander said . The Peshmerga did not say whether they had captured any ISIS fighters . The Kurdish forces took back enough terrain to include the bridge site and nearby villages . ISIS says it downed Syrian fighter jet But in Syria , ISIS claimed a victory of its own . The group said it shot down a Syrian military fighter jet . Photos distributed by the Reuters news agency and the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights show ISIS fighters posing with pieces of what is described as debris from the aircraft . The observatory , based in London , said the plane was shot down while it was conducting airstrikes on the ISIS stronghold Raqqa , in Syria . The incident came as world leaders worked to develop strategies to combat the terror group , which claims it has established an Islamic caliphate . If ISIS is allowed to fester , it will threaten "  our homeland , " U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel warned Congress on Tuesday . U.S. strikes close to Baghdad U.S. military aircraft targeted ISIS positions southwest of Baghdad for a second day . Three airstrikes targeted ISIS vehicles and weapons , as well as a small ground unit and two small boat on the Euphrates River that was resupplying the extremist fighters , according to the military . President Barack Obama announced last week that the United States would lead "  a broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat " and that U.S. airstrikes against ISIS would expand from Iraq into Syria . The United States has said nearly 40 nations have agreed to contribute to the fight against ISIS , which has seized control of large areas of northern Iraq and Syria . But it remains unclear exactly which countries are on that list and what roles they 'll play . ISIS put its brutality on display once again over the weekend , posting a video showing the beheading of British aid worker David Haines and threatening the life of another hostage from the United Kingdom . It was the third videotaped killing of a Western hostage released in less than a month . The latest killing , ISIS said , was "  a message to the allies of America . " What will world do about ISIS ? How many more Western captives is ISIS holding ? What should the world know about Muslims ?	U.S. airstrikes hit southwest of Baghdad for a second day , military says U.S. warplanes provide support ; Peshmerga reclaim villages ISIS claims to have shot down a Syrian military fighter jet Comminuqué : International fight against ISIS will continue "  by any means necessary "
CNN  -- It 's always been a mystery to me why Republican lawmakers who denounce the evils of government choose to run for office . If your belief is that the private sector holds the answers to all that ails us , it seems like you would want to go out and prove the case . So the May 9 vote by the House GOP to eliminate the American Community Survey , which collects statistics about the nation 's population , is confusing . Doing away with the data collection would seem to commit two cardinal sins against the right 's ideology : Make government less efficient and eliminate a critical tool for profit-driven business . You may not know the American Community Survey as separate from the U.S. census . While the census takes place once every 10 years , the ACS is an ongoing data collection survey administered by the U.S. Census Bureau to provide more in-depth and current statistics about demographic patterns in America . This information is crucial if you care about smart direction of the $ 400 billion in annual state and federal grants to schools , hospitals , infrastructure projects and other critical services . The data derived from the survey provides guidance about how to divvy up best those hard-earned taxpayer dollars so that they are spent with as much care and precision as possible . Apparently , that dynamic is lost on U.S. Rep. Daniel Webster , a Republican who beat Alan Grayson to win Florida 's 8th Congressional District in 2010 . He introduced the amendment to repeal the survey as a way to make good on his campaign promise to "  stop wasteful spending . " With the affirmative House vote , he hopes to save $ 2.5 billion over the next decade . Here 's the rub though . If Webster gets his way , Americans will spend $ 4 trillion in that same time period with no data to guide the funds -- essentially shooting in the dark with a massive amount of money . That 's the antithesis of efficiency ; vastly more than $ 2.4 billion is likely to be wasted in the process . It seems that along with climate change and evolution , statistical science now appears to be viewed with suspicion by the tea party . I 've not heard an alternative : perhaps a dartboard with pictures of all the states on it ? The GOP claims the survey is intrusive . But I have to wonder if the vote to repeal the survey is just a step toward tea party Republicans ' Holy Grail of eliminating government spending entirely and with it , the $ 400 billion in annual disbursements . If that is the path forward , let 's look at where that road functionally leads us : Without the American Community Survey , we wo n't know where veterans are living , so we ca n't get them the financial assistance they 're owed for their service to our country . Without the federal and state grants , we simply ca n't take care of them at all once they come home . Without the survey , we ca n't know where there are pockets of uninsured people , so health care funds can be directed toward offsetting the costs of emergency room visits . Without the state and federal grants , doctors will be forced either to let people suffer and die or raise costs on all their patients to make good on their Hippocratic oath . Without the survey , we wo n't know where Americans still lack flush toilets and therefore risk contaminating the groundwater we all drink . Without the federal and state grants , we ca n't mitigate the impact of raw sewage on our water supply and prevent disease from spreading when our water gets tainted . Webster might say : "  Let the private sector take care of it . " On that point , we can agree : The private sector can and should play a larger role maintaining the health of our country . The flaw in that plan is that our business sector is very reliant on the American Community Survey in making decisions about how best to serve their customers . That 's why trade groups , including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Homebuilders have voiced their opposition to the Webster amendment . The data provided from the survey has informed everything from where to locate new stores to what kinds of products are popular with consumers . These trade groups are hardly a bastion for government expansionists , and their opposition to this bill reveals the critical wedge in the Republican coalition . The business-first wing of the party is all too happy to allow government to foot the bill -- in this case , for solid market research -- when it 's convenient for them . The small-government ideologues are more than happy to dismantle government piece by piece even when it harms business and creates bad spending strategies . When asked about the elimination of the survey , MIT economist Jonathan Gruber said , "  If you 're opposed to the survey , you 're opposed to understanding what 's going on in America . " For this reason , it will be an uphill climb to get the measure to pass the Senate and get signed by the president . Still , the initiative and the vote are telling . If knowledge is power and ignorance is bliss , eliminating the American Community Survey will only pay dividends for those who live in powerful bliss . The rest of us would have to suffer through the mess being made of the informed and democratic process . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilyse Hogue .	Ilyse Hogue : It 's odd House GOP voted to kill Census Bureau 's American Community Survey She says survey makes government more efficient , is a critical tool for businesses Without it , she says , government will lack crucial information on where citizens are , their needs Hogue : If it 's a tea party-driven yen to cut waste , it will do the opposite by misdirecting funds
CNN  -- Lyon coach Claude Puel is confident that his team can cause an upset in their European Champions League semifinal first leg against German giants Bayern Munich . The French side , appearing in the last four of the competition for the first time , are the underdogs as they take on the four-time champions in Munich on Wednesday night . But having beaten Real Madrid and French champions Bordeaux en route to the semifinal , Puel believes the club have the momentum to make it all the way to the final . Blog : Will Mourinho the master defeat Guardiola the great ? "  It is fantastic for our club to be in the semi-finals , " Puel told reporters at a press conference . "  But we said it before the  quarter-final  against Bordeaux : why should it end here ? "  Bayern are confident , they had a huge win on the weekend  7-0 against Hannover  , they are playing well but I still think we have what it takes to trouble them . " Puel said his players had not suffered as an effect of having to travel the 750 kilometers to Munich by road after volcanic ash led to a flying ban . "  You need to be able to adapt , " he said . "  A bit more massage , a bit more walking and stretching . But I feel we have adapted . " Bayern Munich winger Franck Ribery , who faced Lyon many times during his career in the French league , said his current club would be foolish to underestimate Puel 's side . "  It will be very difficult against Lyon because they have a very good team , " he said . "  We should n't allow ourselves to think about the final . " Bayern will be without captain Mark van Bommel and defender Holger Badstuber , who are both suspended after picking up yellow cards in the quarterfinal victory over Manchester United . But Ribery has shaken off a muscular problem to play , along with Dutchman Arjen Robben , who clinched the victory over United with a stunning late volley at Old Trafford and claimed a hat-trick in the rout of Hannover . "  The Germans are always dangerous in big matches and Bayern just knocked out Manchester United , " said Puel . "  They have Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery hitting for them again . We know what to expect . "	Lyon coach Claude Puel believes his side can upset Bayern in the Champions League semifinals . French side have never reached last four of Europe 's premier competition . Puel wary of threat posed by Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben .
Hong Kong  CNN  -- It may be 23 years since Chinese soldiers gunned down unarmed protesters near Tiananmen Square but memories of that day remain raw for pro-democracy activists within and outside the country . More than 100,000 people are expected to gather in Hong Kong 's Victoria Park Monday night for a candlelight vigil to remember the lives lost when tanks rolled into the Beijing square . The mainland government still bans public discussion of the events of June 4 , 1989 , when government forces intent on ending pro-democracy demonstrations opened fire on civilians . The official Chinese government account said 241 , including soldiers , died and 7,000 were wounded . Rights campaigners say the number of dead was more likely to be in the thousands . In a written message to be read out at the Hong Kong vigil , Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng implored the Chinese government to "  follow the will of Heaven " and advance democratic reforms . "  This Democracy Movement deserves universal approval , " Chen said in the statement . "  We ask that its requests be treated appropriately . We do not desire revenge but we want to completely reveal the truth . We are in favor of tolerance , but against forgetfulness . People who are forgetful have no future , " he said . Chen fled to the U.S. from China in May after escaping house arrest in his hometown of Dongshigu in Shandong province . He was kept a virtual prisoner in his home for 18 months , he said , following a four-year jail term for "  damaging property and organizing a mob to disturb traffic . " Chen discusses his next move Chen is one of a number of activists who have been imprisoned or are currently detained for campaigning for human rights or religious freedom in Communist-led China . Bob Fu , founder of Christian human rights group ChinaAid , who helped Chen in his quest to relocate to the U.S. , led a student protest on the day of the 1989 crackdown . "  It was a tragic massacre for simply the students exercising peaceful protest for demanding reform and anti-corruption and freedom in China , " he told CNN . In China , there was no mention of the date in Monday 's newspapers . And , government censors appeared to have been successful in deleting mention of the anniversary on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like micro-blogging service . Some Weibo users were said to be trying to evade censorship by referring to June 4 as "  May 35th . " But , even those terms were quickly deleted on what is commonly referred to as the censors ' busiest day of the year . The government is particularly sensitive this year , observers say , in the lead up to the once-in-a-decade leadership transition . In autumn , power will transfer to a new generation of politicians who will decide the future direction for China . Current President Hu Jintao and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao are both due to step down . In the days leading up to June 4 , many known pro-democracy activists were said to have been detained as a pre-emptive measure to prevent dissent , according to Fu . "  Many of my friends and fellow freedom fighters have been under house arrest , " Fu said . "  Especially in the last week or so , many were confined under soft detention without any freedom of movement . " Others have been held for far longer . Ahead of the anniversary , the U.S. State Department issued a statement urging the Chinese government to publicly acknowledge the day and end the persecution of those involved . "  We encourage the Chinese government to release all those still serving sentences for their participation in the demonstrations ; to provide a full public accounting of those killed , detained or missing ; and to end the continued harassment of demonstration participants and their families , " the statement said . It added : "  We renew our call for China to protect the universal human rights of all its citizens ; release those who have been wrongfully detained , prosecuted , incarcerated , forcibly disappeared , or placed under house arrest ; and end the ongoing harassment of human rights activists and their families . " Amnesty International also issued a statement again calling for the government to hold an "  open and independent inquiry into the events of 1989 . " The rights group paid tribute to Ya Weilin , the 73-year-old father of student who was shot and killed in the 1989 crackdown . Amnesty said Ya and his wife Zhang Zhenxia spent 20 years campaigning for the government to make amends for those killed in the 1989 demonstration . In a note written just before his death , Ya complained of the government 's refusal to hear his grievances about his son 's death and so he said he would "  fight with his death . " Ya was later found hanged in a garage below his home .	June 4 marks 23 years since Chinese soldiers opened fire on students More than 100,000 people are expected to gather in Hong Kong to mark deaths Event passes once again without mention in Chinese mainland press Weibo posts relating to the date are being deleted by government censors
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Leaders representing 90 percent of the world 's economic output were gathering Thursday in a U.S. city that has reinvented itself , hoping to bolster the global economy . Police boats pass under Greenpeace activists as they hang from a bridge near the G-20 summit . The Group of 20 will meet for two days to focus on the worldwide financial crisis , and plot how to avoid a repeat in the future . The White House is using the economic summit to showcase Pittsburgh -- a city that President Obama says has exhibited an innovative 21st-century recovery after a well-publicized downfall following the shuttering of much of the city 's steel industry . Pittsburgh "  has transformed itself from the city of steel to a center for high-tech innovation -- including green technology , education and training , and research and development , " the president said . Watch what summit means for Pittsburgh " Most of the world leaders have come from New York , where they attended the start of the U.N. General Assembly . The G-20 gathering is Obama 's first time hosting a major international summit . "  As the leaders of the world 's largest economies , we have a responsibility to work together on behalf of sustained growth , while putting in place the rules of the road that can prevent this kind of crisis from happening again , " the president said in a statement ahead of the gathering . The tightening of global financial regulations is expected to top the summit 's agenda and comes as some major economies are beginning to recover . Germany , France and Japan have announced that they have emerged from recession , prompting hopes that the worst of the financial crisis may have passed . Watch city 's preparations for protesters " G-20 finance ministers and central bank governors agreed at a meeting this month not to start cutting back just yet on stimulus efforts . They fear it would put economies at risk for plunging back into recession . However , the economic outlook has improved enough that countries are being encouraged to start working on exit strategies , which will vary by nation . The ministers also have proposed a change in how bankers ' bonuses are awarded . They said financial rewards should be based on long-term merit , instead of short-term risk-taking . Because of that , ministers oppose paying large bonuses upfront . A proposed bonus control mechanism would pay for results over a longer window for measuring profits . Bonuses would be forfeited if initial success does n't hold up . The economic summit will be the third time in a year that the world 's top industrial powers have gathered . They met in November in Washington and followed up with an April session in London . As the leaders headed to Pittsburgh , four people attached to a massive banner dangled from a Pittsburgh bridge Wednesday to protest the global economic meeting . iReport.com : Pittsburgh braces for protests The banner hung from the West End Bridge over the Ohio River and read like a road sign : "  Danger : Climate Destruction Ahead . Reduce CO2 Emissions Now . " Greenpeace , the environmental activist group , claimed responsibility for the stunt . On its Web site , the group said it wanted to send a message to G-20 leaders with the nearly 80-by-30-foot sign , calling for more attention to the issue of global climate change .	Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , plays host this week to G-20 summit President Obama says city is example of how to weather recession Pittsburgh has reinvented itself from steel plant roots to new focus on green jobs
CNN  -- I once met a mother who named her newborn daughter Kia Sophia . Yes , like the car . Apparently she had one and liked it so much that she wanted to be reminded of it each time she said her baby 's name . As we stood there , I could tell this was something she was very proud of , and so I tried my best not to look embarrassed for her . Besides , who was I to judge ? I 'm named after a useless , deadbeat father . At least the car had resale value . One day , the new mom may regret her decision . One day , her daughter may stop talking to her , opting to let the therapy bills do the talking for her . Or maybe it 's the beginning of a new family tradition that lasts generations . Who knows ? It 's different , but ultimately what we name our children is no one else 's business . It certainly is n't something the government should ever be involved with , which of course means it recently became something the government got involved with . In an egregious abuse of power , Lu Ann Ballew , a child support magistrate serving the 4th Judicial District of Tennessee , recently took it upon herself to rename Jaleesa Martin 's child because according to Ballew , the name Martin originally chose "  has only been earned by one person , and that one person is Jesus Christ . " Now admittedly if you 're going to name your child "  Messiah , " as Martin did , you should expect some raised brows . Maybe even from the father , though reportedly the case was brought to Ballew because of a dispute over the child 's last name , not the first . "  I was shocked , " Martin said . "  I never intended on naming my son Messiah because it means God , and I did n't think a judge could make me change my baby 's name because of her religious beliefs . " She can -- and did -- but should n't have . In all likelihood , Ballew 's ruling naming the child "  Martin DeShawn McCullough " will be overturned in an appeal , and the fiasco will go down as a waste of taxpayer dollars . All of which serves as an uneasy reminder that separation of church and state is an ongoing process . And that names matter . While the judge overstepped her boundaries , she is right when she said the name Messiah "  could put him at odds with a lot of people . " A similar impulse might help explain why Heath Campbell , a New Jersey man who named one of his sons Adolf Hitler Campbell , does not have custody of his children . "  Blue Ivy " is going to be alright because her parents -- Jay Z and Beyonce -- are rich and famous . But for us regular folks , when you name your son something peculiar such as "  Christ " -- as 29 moms did in 2012 according to the Social Security Administration -- you 're opening the kid up for unnecessary ridicule . And maybe even discrimination . I spoke with a handful of HR professionals who told me off the record they would be hesitant to bring in someone with a controversial name such as "  Messiah " if they were hiring for a conservative company . It is very similar to the impact of having an address based in a poor neighborhood on the resume . And consider this : Researchers combing through U.S. Census Bureau records found that more than 100 years ago , the 20 most popular names were largely the same for blacks and whites , but after the 1970s , that number became much smaller . And a study conducted by the National Bureau of Economic Research did show that the "  whiter " sounding names on a resume were 50 % more likely to get a call back from an employer than a more ethnic sounding one . Another analysis by that group suggests the reason for this is n't directly because of the applicant 's race but rather over the past 20 years , certain names have been linked to certain socio-economic status . And we know other minorities such as Asians and Indians have been known to ditch their more ethnic name to blend in and/or avoid having constantly to tell people how to pronounce their name . "  John " may be a boring , but it is burdenless . Then again , you ca n't get more ethnic sounding than "  Barack Hussein Obama . " and he has a pretty good job . Maybe there 's room for Messiahs and Kia Sophias at the top as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Parents are entitled to name their children as they choose A magistrate renamed a child whose mother had named "  Messiah " Granderson says the ruling will be overturned on appeal and was a waste of tax dollars LZ : Parents should think about consequences of names they choose
CNN  -- At least 35 people were killed and more than 100 wounded in shootings and explosions across the country on Tuesday , officials with Iraq 's interior ministry told CNN . Officials said 29 people were killed and 107 wounded in 11 car bomb explosions in nine different parts of Baghdad . Most of killed and wounded were civilians , officials said . In Falluja , about 60 kilometers  37 miles  west of Baghdad , five people were killed and 12 others were wounded when gunmen attacked al-Tahadi police station in southern Falluja . In northern Mosul , about 400 kilometers  249 miles  north of Baghdad , a bomb exploded in the convoy of army Gen. Mohammed Khamas , killing him instantly . Khamas was the deputy head of army intelligence department in Mosul . Iraq has seen a sharp increase in friction between its Shiite and Sunni populations since April , when Iraqi security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . Sunnis have felt politically marginalized under Shiite President Nuri al-Maliki , whose government fears it is being targeted by Sunni Islamists involved in fighting in neighboring Syria . More than 800 Iraqis were killed and 2,030 wounded in violence and acts of terrorism in August , the United Nations said .	11 car bomb explosions kill 29 , injure 107 in Baghdad , officials tell CNN Five killed when gunmen attack a police station in Falluja Army general dies when bomb explodes in his convoy in northern Mosul
CNN  -- Two lawmakers have joined the debate over the name of the Washington Redskins football team , writing a letter to the National Football League calling for a name change and threatening to hold hearings on the subject . The name Redskins is "  an insult to Native Americans , " according to the two lawmakers , Sen. Maria Cantwell , D-Washington state and chairwoman of the Indian Affairs Committee , and Rep. Tom Cole , R-Oklahoma , who is a member of the Chickasaw Nation . "  This term does not honor -- but rather disparages -- Indian people and tribes , " they wrote in their letter to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell . "  The National Football League can no longer ignore this and perpetuate the use of this name . " Cantwell said the advocacy of the National Congress of American Indians , including a video made by the organization , was part of what prompted her letter to league officials . NFL officials "  have heard from the leading representatives of Native Americans in our country , " she said . "  So are they going to change the name , or are they going to continue to use an offensive name ? " The owner of the Redskins , Daniel Snyder , has defended the name and vowed to keep it . Tony Wyllie , a senior vice president with the team , had the following response to the lawmakers : "  With all the important issues Congress has to deal with such as a war in Afghanistan to deficits to health care , do n't they have more important issues to worry about than a football team 's name ? " And in an apparent dig at Cole , he added , "  given the fact that the name of Oklahoma means "  Red People " in Choctaw , this request is a little ironic . " The team also pointed to letters from Redskins fans of Native American descent who support the name , such as Arthur Dymond , who said he went to every game this season . "  I 'm proud of being a Redskin . I 'm proud of being a Native American , " he said in an interview . "  It 's honorable . The Redskins team plays honorably ; they fight hard , as did the ` redskins ' of the past . " He also objected to members of Congress getting involved in the issue . Cantwell said she was ready to make an issue of the tax-exempt status the NFL enjoys and plans to push for Senate hearings on the subject . "  With our tight economic budget , we ca n't afford to have tax breaks going to organizations that basically have terminologies that are offensive to the American people , " she told CNN . The NFL did not have an immediate reaction to the letter from the lawmakers , but Goodell was asked about the controversy 10 days ago . "  Let me remind you , this is a name of a football team that has had that name for 80 years , and has presented the name in a way that honored Native Americans , " he said . "  We recognize that there are some that do n't agree with the name , and we have listened and respected that . "	Two lawmakers urge the NFL to change the Washington Redskins name Redskins is "  an insult to Native Americans , " Sen. Maria Cantwell and Rep. Tom Cole write Redskins official 's response : "  Do n't they have more important issues to worry about ? "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Violent and predatory pirates are "  totally out of control " according to experts ; but what can be done to solve the problem ? Held hostage : The crew on the merchant vessel "  MV Faina " are among 286 being detained by Somali pirates . It 's the question that major trading nations , navies and shipping companies are all battling to answer as luxury yachts , large freighters and even competitive race boats face unprecedented levels of piracy . As of December 5 , a staggering 286 crew members aboard 14 vessels were still being held captive by pirates after a significant flurry of attacks that started in July this year . The center of pirate activity has been the Arabian Sea , east of Africa . The majority of this year 's pirate attacks have occurred in the Gulf of Aden region , particularly the waters off the coast of Somalia . The number of hostages taken in the nine months to the end of September is more than triple the amount taken in the same period last year . While many attacks have focused on trading vessels , luxury yachts have not been immune . Among the victims was French yacht "  The Ponant , " which was hijacked by Somali pirates in April and 30 crew were taken hostage . Michael Howlett , assistant director of the International Maritime Bureau , said the number of pirate attacks was "  totally out of control ... and totally unprecedented . " There have been 101 reports of ships being attacked by pirates , including 40 hijackings , 34 cases of ships being fired upon , with over 800 crew members being affected , he said . Howlett told CNN the pirates are hard to stop due to a lack of effective authorities in Somalia , limits in terms of how patrolling navies can act , and the vast expanses of water in which the pirates are operating . "  Because there is no real deterrent they are acting with complete disregard for everyone else , " he said . For cruising yachties in the area , the piracy problem has meant a dramatic rethink of plans . Many cruisers cross the Gulf of Aden when heading towards the Mediterranean in February and March -- however , it appears that in 2009 these sailors may not be as free to make the journey . As a result of the piracy sailors on one popular discussion site appear to be turning away from the area completely . "  The pirates have evolving tactics , and the situation changes often enough that what works today may not tomorrow . There is no absolute defence other than not sailing there , " one sailor advised another . So , how can this situation be remedied ? According to Howlett , the long term solution is a stable , functioning and effective government in Somalia . "  We need an effective government in Somalia ... and what we really need is a coordinated response . Somalia ca n't do it without its neighbors and the international community , " Howlett told CNN . Because most of the pirates are operating from Somalia , they need to have their supply lines and support networks cut off there , he continued . In the shorter term , solving the problem , or at least minimizing it , depends upon the actions of the navies patrolling the area . "  The only effective parties are the navies . We would like them to play a bigger part , particularly engaging in some pre-emptive targeting . "  What we need to do better is make it more difficult using co-ordinated attacks . There needs to be more robust rules of engagement , " Howlett said . Without the ability to launch pre-emptive strikes , the naval vessels must wait until something happens until they can act , and even then they are limited in what they can do . "  It 's really because their rules of engagement do n't allow them to be involved at the moment , " he said . Still , the maritime community greatly appreciates the work of coalition , U.S. Navy , NATO , French and Yemeni coast guard vessels that were helping to deter some would-be attackers . United Nations World Food Programme  WFP  Somalia spokesman , Peter Smerdon agreed that further naval assistance would be a huge help in the area . The WFP in Somalia had been under threat with pirate attacks a serious danger for shipments of food into the impoverished country . However , Smerdon said the WFP had now secured the services of European Union  EU  naval vessels to escort them into the area for one year . "  We do n't foresee that the piracy issue is going to go away very quickly -- so this is excellent for us . " Smerdon told CNN that if pirates were to affect the flow of food aid into the country it could spark a massive humanitarian crisis . The WFP was currently feeding about 1.7 million Somalian people every month and was aiming to increase that to 2.4 million per month , he said . However , even with increased naval efforts , the attacks would still be hard to prevent due to the range of water pirates cover , Howlett said . Over on the west coast of Africa , in the waters off the coast of Nigeria , frequent attacks by pirates are causing similar concerns . In the first nine months of 2008 , there were 24 piracy incidents in Nigerian waters , according to the most recent IMB piracy report . However , as the report noted -- it is believed attacks are seriously under-reported in Nigeria which is a "  cause for great concern . " Another major issue is whether ransom payments should be paid . While a South Korean shipping company decided to pay one of the ransoms requested , others have refused to -- citing the likelihood it would encourage more attacks . Howlett said there was currently no set policy for ransoms , as it was a difficult area to deal with . "  Nobody wants to pay the ransom , but it 's tricky because if you do n't pay the ransom then you wo n't get your ship back . " Howlett said the piracy problem could also have a significant impact on the world economy if it is not addressed quickly . "  We are already starting to see a number of larger shipping operators re-routing their ships via South Africa . This will be a lot more expensive and the incurred costs will get passed on to the consumer , " he said . In a recent interview provided to CNN , a pirate leader claimed attacks onshipping would continue so long as life in Somalia remained desperate . "  The pirates are living between life and death , " said the pirate leader , identified by only the name , Boyah . "  Who can stop them ? Americans and British all put together can not do anything , " he said . For now , Howlett said shipping operators and recreational boaters needed to take caution through the area -- or avoid it if possible .	More than 280 crew members are still being held hostage by pirates Michael Howlett of the IMB says the situation is "  totally out of control " Navies need to be able to do more to stop pirates , Howlett says The pirate problem has threatened the UN World Food Programme in Somalia
LOGANVILLE , Georgia  CNN  -- The crowd cheered as Morgan Lawless faced her first pitch of the fall baseball season . Morgan Lawless , who has cerebral palsy , plays baseball at Bay Creek Park near Atlanta , Georgia . The 14-year-old middle-school student clenched her teeth as she swung the bat into a single . Instead of running to first base , Lawless zoomed over in her motorized wheelchair . Lawless has cerebral palsy . She 's among nearly 300 children who play in a special-needs baseball league at Bay Creek Park in the Atlanta , Georgia , suburb of Loganville . "  It 's actually fun because we get to be kids and we can play like regular people , " Lawless said . What 's different about this ballpark is that the field is made of a rubberized material that allows for easier movement in wheelchairs . "  We started out on a dirt field , " said league founder Cathy Smith . "  But power wheelchairs and dirt do n't mix . " Smith helped raise some of the half-million dollars in private and county funding needed to build the field in 2004 . She said she gets goosebumps whenever she watches the young players come across home plate . "  The grin and smile on their faces just says it all . " Coach Tom Estes joined the program eight years ago with his now-15-year-old son , Justin , who has cerebral palsy . Estes noted that some of the players , like his son , use a wheelchair , but others with autism , Down syndrome and multiple sclerosis are ambulatory . Health Minute : Watch more on special needs baseball " During a game , the children are paired with young helpers from another local baseball league . No special skills are required to participate , Estes said . "  If we have to help them hit , help them run , help them catch , we are simply here to let them play baseball . " The coaches have taken extra precautions to make sure no one gets hurt . The players wear batting helmets , and a coach feeds large , softball-sized rubber balls into a pitching machine to control the direction . There are no umpires , and no one really keeps score . "  We have a lot of tie ball games , " Estes chuckled . The games are short , just two innings , but everyone gets to play . "  It 's not about competition as much as it is about the ability to just do what other kids do , " said Mike Lawless , Morgan 's father . He said his daughter looks forward to the games all week . So does Estes ' son . "  Until you get involved , you do n't realize the closed life they live , " Tom Estes said . Being part of the team gives the players a sense of independence and self control and gets them outside in the fresh air , he said . "  They 're out here doing the same thing as the other kids . They really do n't do that on a normal basis . " The weekly games also give the kids something to brag about in school on Monday morning , Estes said . "  They hear everyone else talking about it ... and my son can say , ` Yeah , I hit a home run yesterday , too . It was great . ' " Justin Estes seemed to take all the attention in stride . And what does he think is the best part about playing baseball ? Pointing past his wheelchair to the smooth surface of the field , he said simply , "  No ruts . "	Special-needs baseball league near Atlanta has nearly 300 children Some players use a wheelchair , but others are ambulatory Field is made of a rubberized material that allows wheelchairs to move more easily There are no umpires , and no one really keeps score
CNN  -- In the grand history of celebrity mugshots - which includes Nicole Richie 's smizing and Paris Hilton 's "  did you get my good side ? " head tilt - Bruno Mars ' September 2010 photo is a standout . The "  Locked Out Of Heaven " singer had been booked on a drug charge in Las Vegas at the time . Instead of doing the stoic face of someone in trouble with the law , Mars smiled like he was at the Grammy Awards . When GQ magazine , which hosts Mars on the cover of its April "  Style Bible " issue , asked the singer why he was grinning upon his arrest , Mars could n't quite say . "  I have no idea , " he responded , laughing . "  It was a picture . " It 's also one image that Mars would like to forget . As he told Piers Morgan last year , he 's been trying to move forward ever since his arrest . "  I was really intoxicated . I was really drunk , " Mars recalled to GQ . "  So a lot of that is a big blur , and I try every day to forget and keep pushing . " Grammy 's top 5 moments So far , his attempt to leave the past in the past is working . Mars just notched his first No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart with his 2012 album , "  Unorthodox Jukebox " - not an easy task , he said . "  You know how hard it is to write a big song ? That s *** is hard , man , " he admitted to GQ . "  I do n't ever want to come out with something safe and get away with ` It sounds good ! ' It 's got to be more than sounding good . The music I like are events . ... ` Bohemian Rhapsody ' is my favorite song - that song 's an event . And that 's what I want to do . I 'm sure that shocked the world , that song . ` Billie Jean ' shocked the world . ` Smells Like Teen Spirit . ' Those songs are events . That guy put everything he got into that , and he meant it . " Creative proposal earns kudos from Bruno Mars But even with that intention , there are moments when Mars ' own work catches him off guard . "  ` Locked Out of Heaven '  shocked me . That it turned out the way it did , " he told the magazine . "  I have n't done a song like that . And hopefully every album , I 'll get that feeling . And shock the world ! " So he wants to shock the world , GQ asked ? "  Hell yeah ! " Mars responded . "  I 've got nothing else to do . " Lindsay Lohan accepts plea deal with rehab	Bruno Mars covers GQ 's April Spring Bible issue He talks about why he smiled in his 2010 mugshot The singer also discusses his intent behind songwriting
CNN  -- Justin Bieber was under the influence of alcohol , pot and Xanax when police stopped him for drag racing in Miami Beach last week , police documents allege . "  Yeah , we were smoking all night at the studio , " the singer told a police officer who told him he "  reeked of marijuana , " according to documents released Thursday . Bieber was "  excited , " "  talkative , " "  insulting " and "  cocky " and "  used profanity , " according to a intoxication evaluation conducted by police in the Florida city . His speech was mumbled , his pupils dilated , his face flushed and his eyes bloodshot , the assessment said . The lab test results and details of Bieber 's sobriety tests were released just hours after the 19-year-old singer was booked on an assault charge in Canada , accused of hitting his limousine driver in Toronto a month ago . Bieber , who will turn 20 in four weeks , apparently sought refuge Wednesday night in Stratford , the Canadian town where he grew up before becoming a pop star . His father tweeted a photo of Bieber asleep in a bed with Justin 's younger half brother , Jaxon . The Twitter message posted by @JeremyBieber read : "  Safe and sound #homesweethome " Earlier Wednesday , Bieber 's lawyer entered a "  not guilty " plea to the Florida charges of DUI , resisting arrest and driving with an expired license , according to court records . The prospect of a third criminal arrest for Bieber hangs on a decision expected as soon as next week , after detectives investigating an alleged egg attack on his California neighbor meet again with a Los Angeles prosecutor . Bieber told police in Miami Beach that he had taken "  medications for anxiety " that night but that he did not know what it was or whether he had a prescription for it . "  Well , my mom takes care of all that stuff for me , " the police report quoted him as saying . The preliminary toxicology report on Bieber 's urine sample said it tested positive for "  metabolite of THC , " which indicates marijuana use , and alprazolam , the generic name for the prescription sedative Xanax . At the police station , Bieber failed a series of sobriety tests , including "  horizontal gaze , " "  Romberg balance , " "  walk and turn , " "  finger to nose " and "  one-leg stand " tests , the police report said . When Bieber was asked to estimate when 30 seconds passed , he failed by thinking a half-minute was over in 17 seconds , the report said . He had "  great difficulty " completing the Breathalyzer test , the officer wrote . He "  continuously forgot basic instructions . " Bieber told the officer "  that he was blowing as hard as he could , and told me to look at how red his face was , " he wrote . "  He advised he was blowing into the hose like he blows into his trumpet . " When he was finally successful , he blew .011 and .014 in two Breathalyzer tests , the report said . Florida 's legal limit for drivers under the drinking age of 21 is .02 . Bieber was briefly jailed in Miami Beach on January 23 after he was stopped by a police officer who said he was drag racing in a Lambourghini on a residential street . Opinion : Money and Justin Bieber 's teenage brain Toronto assault charge Bieber arrived at a Toronto police station for booking Wednesday evening amid a chaotic scene as determined photographers , reporters , screaming fans and the curious converged around his SUV . About a dozen Toronto police officers shoved their way through the crowd to escort Bieber , getting him through the door only after a struggle . The alleged incident happened after the limo driver picked up a group of six people outside a Toronto nightclub just before 3 a.m. December 30 , according to a police statement . "  While driving the group to a hotel , an altercation occurred between one of the passengers and the driver of the limousine , " the police statement said . "  In the course of the altercation , a man struck the limousine driver on the back of the head several times . The driver stopped the limousine , exited the vehicle and called police . " The singer attended a Toronto Maple Leafs hockey game at the Air Canada Centre earlier in the evening , according to the CBC . Bieber left the Toronto police station through a rear exit after about two hours inside Wednesday night . He is set to appear in a Toronto court on March 10 , police said . Bieber 's Los Angeles lawyer said the charge was "  the equivalent of a misdemeanor in the United States . " "  Our position is that Mr. Bieber is innocent , " attorney Howard Wietzman said . "  As the matter is now before the court , it would be inappropriate to address the specifics of either the allegation or of our defense at this time . " Bieber 's manager , Scooter Braun , posted messages on Twitter that appear to be related to Wednesday 's arrest : "  for all those asking @JeremyBieber and @pattiemallette love their son . Stop passing judgement on a situation u dont understand . i ask people to be kind and hope for the best in people . not assume the worst . thanks " Bieber 's latest criminal arrest came just an hour after the television debut of his newest video , for his song "  Confident . " Bieber 's bad behavior : We 've seen it before Egging investigation ` tightening up ' Detectives are "  tightening up " their case against Bieber in his alleged egg attack on a neighbor 's residence , an investigator said Tuesday . The neighbor accused Bieber of tossing eggs over a fence and onto the mansion next door on January 9 , causing an estimated $ 20,000 in damage . A dozen Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputies raided Bieber 's $ 6.5 million home in the exclusive Oaks community in Calabasas , California , two weeks ago , taking the security video system as evidence . A prosecutor reviewed the security video Monday and asked detectives to do more investigation before a decision is made about charging the pop star with felony vandalism , according to Lt. David Thompson . Detectives will probably meet again with prosecutors in the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office next week , Thompson said . The district attorney will then decide whether a charge will be filed against Bieber . ` Deport Justin Bieber ' petition reaches 100,000 + signatures CNN 's Tory Dunnan , Carolyn Sung , Stephanie Gallman and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Justin Bieber was "  excited , " "  insulting , " "  cocky " and "  used profanity , " police say "  Yeah , we were smoking all night at the studio , " Bieber told police , report says Bieber charged in Toronto , allegedly struck a limo driver on the back of the head An L.A. prosecutor is expected to decide soon whether he 'll be charged in egging
WIRED  -- Forget relying solely on touch to control your Apple device . On future iPads , you may be able to control your tablet from across the room using 3-D gestures , such as a swirl or swipe of the hand . As suggested by a newly uncovered Apple patent , you would be able to manipulate and control graphical elements on your display , such as icons , media files , text and images . The gestures themselves could take many forms : geometric shapes  e.g. , a half-circle or square  , symbols  like a check mark or question mark  , the letters of the alphabet , and other sorts of predetermined patterns . One interesting application the patent highlights is video annotation and editing via a gesture-based toolbar . The toolbar would provide pre-set options for beginners , but would also allow more advanced users to customize their own gestures . A previously discovered patent indicates that Apple could be working on an integrated projector for iDevices that would incorporate physical gestures as a method to manipulate a projected image . This newer patent , however , focuses more on the gestures themselves and other ways they could be used to control onscreen images and video . There 's no mention of Siri or combining voice control with physical gestures . The 3-D gesture-capturing method would employ a device 's front-facing camera . The iPad 2 , iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S all include a front-facing camera , so if Apple , say , decided to integrate this feature in an upcoming version of iOS , it 's possible that legacy iDevice models could employ the technology as well . That said , the patent does suggest that older iPhones may not have enough processing power for the gesture-capturing workload , as it shows a way to transfer video from the iPhone to an iPad for more advanced editing options . The patent pre-defines a number of gestures , such as ones for facial recognition , a selection gesture and a pointing gesture  to identify a specific section of an onscreen image  . The patent was originally filed in mid-2010 . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	On future iPads , you may be able to control your tablet from across the room 3-D gestures could be in geometric shapes , symbols , letters or patterns Apple could be working on an integrated projector for iDevices Older iPhones may not have enough processing power for the gesture-capturing
CNN  -- Drama and Liverpool go hand to hand in the European Champions League . On its return to the competition after a five-year absence , the English Premier League club narrowly skirted past Bulgarian minnows Ludogorets 2-1 thanks to an injury-time penalty from captain Steven Gerrard . After all , this is a club that was 3-0 down to Italian giants AC Milan in the 2005 final and seemingly dead and buried before roaring back to win its fifth European crown on penalties . A night that started with all the fervor and emotion expected of Anfield on a European Cup night quickly turned into a frustrating one , until Mario Balotelli 's 82nd minute strike . The controversial Italian striker , signed from AC Milan , has gone three matches without scoring since joining the club and relief was evident once he 'd found the net . Anfield purred but perhaps neglected to remember that Ludogorets are no strangers to drama themselves . The Bulgarians made the group stages for the first time thanks to defender Cosmin Moti 's heroics in the playoff , deputizing for its dismissed goalkeeper and saving two penalties in a shootout against Steaua Bucharest . And just as the game ticked towards the final whistle , Dani Abalo galloped through Liverpool 's defense to score and silence Merseyside . The Reds needed a hero , and as is so often the case , found one in Gerrard , who dispatched a last-gasp penalty after Javier Manquillo had been fouled . Anfield could relax once more . "  It 's always nice to win a game , especially when you think you 're going to drop two points , " Gerrard told ITV . "  The game as a whole , we did n't do better than OK and have a lot to learn . "  You 've got to give  Balotelli  credit , everyone has been waiting for his first goal . It did n't go his way for a long time but when you 've got his ability you only need one chance . "  The key tonight was three points before the performance but at Liverpool we always analyze how we 've done and to judge that performance -- must do better . " There had been little to shout about for Liverpool prior to Balotelli 's intervention , Adam Lallana coming closest in the opening half . The home side , who has lost two of its four English Premier League matches this season , were lucky to escape when Roman Bezjak hit the post with 20 minutes remaining . Then Balotelli 's class showed as he pounced on a loose ball inside the area to prod into the far corner in front of The Kop . Liverpool switched off in the closing stages and when Abalo rounded goalkeeper Simon Mignolet to slide into an empty net , it looked as if the Bulgarians ' debut in the competition would yield a famous draw . But a mistake from Milan Borjan allowed Manquillo to nip in and steal the ball , only for the Ludogorets goalkeeper to bring him down . Gerrard , whose performance inspired that 2005 comeback in Istanbul , showed composure to slot home from the spot and seal three hard-earned points . "  It was a great night for everyone at club , it 's been five years so to get a result was excellent , " Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers told ITV . "  I do n't think we 're at the level as we were at last year , but there have been a lot of new players come in and it will take a bit of time . " Elsewhere , Real Madrid started its campaign to become the first side to successfully defend a European Champions League title with a comprehensive 5-1 dismantling of Swiss side Basel . Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale , Karim Benzema and James RodrÃguez were added to by a Marek Suchy own goal as the Spanish giants bounced back from a derby defeat to Atletico on Saturday . Atletico , beaten in last season 's final by Real , were stunned 3-2 by Olympiakos in Greece , Kostas Mitroglou grabbing what proved to be the winning goal . Borussia Dortmund , finalists in 2013 when they were beaten by fellow Germans Bayern Munich , got off to a winning start by defeating English side Arsenal 2-0 . Goals in each half from Ciro Immobile and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang sealed victory in a match that saw Arsenal 's new striker Danny Welbeck miss several chances . Italian champions Juventus beat Swedish side Malmo 2-0 thanks to a brace from Argentina striker Carlos Tevez , while Turkish side Galatasaray drew 1-1 with Anderlecht , from Belgium . There were also wins for French side Monaco , who beat German side Bayer Leverkusen 1-0 , and Russian outfit Zenit St Petersburg , who defeated Benfica 2-0 in Portugal .	Steven Gerrard seals victory for Liverpool on European Champions League return Gerrard scores late penalty as minnows Ludogorets beaten 2-1 at Anfield 2013 finalists Borussia Dortmund beat Arsenal 2-0 in Germany Holders Real Madrid beat Swiss side Basel 5-1 , Ronaldo and Bale on target
CNN  -- France 's top court ruled Friday that French mayors can not refuse to officiate same-sex marriages based on their personal , moral or religious beliefs . The Constitutional Council ruled that the same-sex marriage law does not infringe on the mayors ' "  freedom of conscience " and therefore should be applied . A group of seven mayors had filed an appeal with the Constitutional Council on September 18 stating their opposition to conducting same-sex marriage . A bill allowing same-sex couples to marry and adopt was passed earlier this year by the French parliament and signed into law by President Francois Hollande . A growing number of countries around the world now allow same-sex marriage , the majority of them in Europe . The Netherlands was the first , in 2001 , and it was later joined by Belgium , Spain , Norway , Sweden , Iceland , Portugal , Denmark and France . A bill to allow same-sex marriage in England and Wales is also now law , though it is n't expected to come into force until 2014 . Argentina , Uruguay , Canada , Brazil , New Zealand and South Africa are the non-European countries in the group , according to the Pew Research Center . Same-sex marriage is also legal in some parts of Mexico and the United States . French same-sex couple : Why we tied the knot	France 's top court says mayors can not block gay marriages based on their personal beliefs A group of seven mayors had filed an appeal with the Constitutional Council last month The law was approved this year by France 's parliament and signed off by the president A growing number of countries around the world now allow same-sex marriage
CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's quarter-century-long civil war is in its final phase , the government suggested Friday , as its troops pounded Tamil Tiger rebels in the country 's north . This picture , released by the Sri Lankan defense ministry , is said to be of a dead Tamil Tiger body captured after fighting on May 14 , 2009 . The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- have fought for an independent state in Sri Lanka since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began . President Mahinda Rajapaksa said the end of the current military push , which is often referred to as a civilian rescue mission , is less than 48 hours away . He spoke from Jordan on Friday , where he 's attending an economic summit . "  The Tamil civilians held hostage by the LTTE in small area of land in the north would be rescued , and the Tamils would be saved from the threat of LTTE terrorism , " Rajapaksa said . In a rapid military push , Sri Lankan forces have squeezed Tamil Tiger fighters into approximately 1.5 square miles  four square kilometers  of coastal land . The United Nations estimates that more than 50,000 civilians are trapped there . CNN 's Paula Newton reports on the plight of trapped civilians " The chunk of land , known as the no-fire zone or civilian safety area , was under siege by government forces Friday , according to Tamilnet.com , a rebel Web site . "  The entire safety zone area is in smoke ... as shelling by the Sri Lanka army was destroying all the structures within a narrow strip of coastal land , which is densely populated with tens of thousands of people , " Tamilnet said . Humanitarian aid groups have reported mass civilian casualties in the fighting . "  The government is moving forward in extremely difficult circumstances . After all , the ... Tamil Tigers are seeded amidst the middle of all these civilians . It 's very difficult to weed out and identify who is a fighter and who is not , " said Gordon Weiss , a U.N. spokesman . "  It makes it very very dangerous for civilians , and it explains the very large toll on civilian life that we 've seen at this point . " Weiss called the fighting a "  bloodbath " at the beginning of the week . The situation had worsened by Friday , the International Committee of the Red Cross said . It suspended evacuation and medical rescue operations in the no-fire zone . Aid agencies had been stuck offshore , unable to deliver badly needed relief supplies and evacuate civilians . "  Our staff are witnessing an unimaginable humanitarian catastrophe , " said Pierre Krahenbuhl , the Red Cross ' director of operations . "  No humanitarian organization can help them in the current circumstances . People are left to their own devices . " The U.N. Security Council and U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday called for both sides to protect civilians and allow humanitarian aid into the conflict zone . Watch frustration build at the United Nations " In a statement at the White House , Obama urged Sri Lankan government troops to halt the "  indiscriminate " shelling of civilians trapped with the remnants of the country 's Tamil Tigers . He also prodded the rebels to stop using civilians as human shields . Security Council members issued a statement demanding "  that all parties respect their obligations under international humanitarian law . " A Red Cross worker was killed Wednesday during shelling in the conflict zone in Sri Lanka -- the third aid worker killed in six weeks -- the Red Cross said .	Sri Lanka president says end of current military push less than 48 hours away U.N. estimates more than 50,000 civilians trapped in area under siege Red Cross : "  Staff are witnessing an unimaginable humanitarian catastrophe " Tamil Tigers have fought for an independent state in Sri Lanka since 1983
CNN  -- Attention travelers : Your high-flying status with Delta Air Lines may take a dive with the airline 's new frequent flier rules . Delta announced a new spending requirement Thursday for gaining elite status in the airline 's SkyMiles program . In addition to racking up Medallion qualifying miles or segments , passengers will have to spend a minimum dollar amount on tickets each year for each rung on the mileage ladder . For silver status , the spending requirement is $ 2,500 . Gold status requires $ 5,000 in ticket purchases , $ 7,500 for platinum and $ 12,500 for diamond status . The change starts on January 1 , 2014 , for membership status in the 2015 program . "  Adding a revenue component to the SkyMiles Medallion program ensures that our most valued customers receive the best program benefits and a more exclusive experience , " said Jeff Robertson , vice president of the SkyMiles program , in a statement . Tim Winship , publisher of Frequentflier.com expects a mixed reaction to the change among travelers , "  depending on which side of the fence you find yourself on . " It 's a win for business travelers who easily qualify for the programs through company-paid flights , Winship said , because fewer elite members means better odds for upgrades . But travelers who have been using cheap flights as a status strategy , may get bumped down -- or out -- of the game , Winship said . Justin Cook , a sales trainer from Orlando , Florida , flies nearly every week in the mid-Atlantic or the Southeast . Cook is a Delta Diamond Medallion member -- the highest level -- yet he estimates his company spends between $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 a year on his air travel , shy of the $ 12,500 requirement . By 2015 , he suspects he could drop two levels to gold status . "  I will actively be looking into other airlines to see if they will match my status . "	Delta has added a spending requirement to elite frequent flier status The bottom rung of its Medallion program will require $ 2,500 annually in ticket purchases Some fliers will be bumped down or out of the program because of the spending rule The move increases the odds of upgrades for fliers who qualify , mileage analyst says
CNN  -- South Carolina authorities say a convicted sex offender held a woman against her will for three months , repeatedly beating and raping her during the captivity . The Lexington County Sheriff 's Department arrested Paul Thomas Rawl Jr. on Tuesday . He 's been charged with kidnapping , first-degree criminal sexual conduct and criminal domestic violence of a high and aggravated nature . The sheriff 's department said he held his 52-year-old girlfriend captive in a Pelion home -- about 20 miles southwest of Columbia -- from July 1 until Monday . "  They broke up , and they recently got back together , " Lexington Sheriff James R. Metts told CNN affiliate WIS. "  This time , things were n't the same . He kidnapped her , and would n't let her leave . " Major John Allard of the sheriff 's department told CNN that the victim was never reported missing to his agency . The arrest warrant alleges that Rawl , who is also 52 , confined his victim to a bedroom that he kept under surveillance and barricaded shut . The victim has not been named . The details of the case are harrowing . According to Metts , Rawl would force her to swallow a Xanax pill every night before sexually assaulting her , and that he "  used aggravated force to accomplish sexual battery as many as nine times daily . " The warrant alleges he threatened to kill her with a loaded bow and arrow , and on one occasion , rammed her head so hard into a wall that it made a hole . "  Rawl physically assaulted  her  in such a manner that  she  feared imminent bodily injury or death , " Metts said in a statement . Authorities said she was able to escape Tuesday when she persuaded Rawl to take her to a medical exam -- but not before one final act of cruelty . "  Rawl forced the woman to perform a sexual act on him on Tuesday before he agreed to take the woman to the medical office . " He was denied bond and ordered to stay in jail on Wednesday , according to WIS. . The sheriff 's department said Wednesday night that it had no record of Rawl being represented by an attorney yet . WIS reports that his next court date is scheduled for December 19 . Rawl was convicted in 2000 of criminal sexual conduct . His victim in that case was a 12-year-old girl . Feds : California teen alleges captivity , sexual abuse on marijuana ` farm ' Diaries kept by Ariel Castro 's captives paint picture of torment , trauma	Convicted sex offender Paul Thomas Rawl Jr. , 52 , was arrested in South Carolina He 's charged with kidnapping and first-degree criminal sexual conduct Sheriff says suspect would force victim to take Xanax and then assault her He says victim was barricaded in a bedroom and threatened with a loaded bow and arrow
CNN  For the uninitiated , skydiving can be scary enough : leaping out of a plane , free-falling at 120 miles per hour , keeping your presence of mind as you pull the cord on your parachute . Now imagine having a seizure and losing consciousness more than 9,000 feet above the earth . That 's what happened to Christopher Jones , 22 , of Perth , Australia . His experience was captured on a video that has more than 4.4 million views on YouTube . "  Halfway through the skydive , he had a seizure and rolled onto his back , " WA Skydiving Academy business manager and chief instructor Robin O'Neill told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . Instructor Sheldon McFarlane , who was wearing a helmet camera , struggled to catch up with Jones . McFarlane finally managed to grab Jones at about 4,000 feet and pull the rip cord . Jones regained consciousness and landed uneventfully , O'Neill said . McFarlane told the ABC he was n't concerned . Thanks to two "  AADs " -- automatic activation devices -- Jones ' parachute was going to automatically deploy , he said . Nevertheless , the instructor wanted to make sure the situation was completely under control . "  At no time was I worried he was going to hit the ground without a parachute , but given the circumstances and where we were I thought it would be better to get him under parachute earlier than later , " McFarlane said . "  I managed to catch him on my second attempt and deploy his parachute . " Jones , who described the incident on YouTube as "  possibly the scariest moment of my life , " told the ABC that skydiving was a substitute for his dream of becoming a pilot . He had been cleared by his doctor to jump . "  I 've always wanted to have the feeling of flight , so I just thought , considering I ca n't fly a plane due to my condition , I thought I 'd give it a go , " he said . Jones told the ABC that he 'd been seizure-free for four years but was not intending to pursue a skydiving career .	Man has seizure at 9,000 feet while skydiving , becomes unconscious He is saved by instructor during his free fall Video of incident has more than 4.4 million views on YouTube
Washington  CNN  Updates on Scott Walker , Marco Rubio and John Kasich , an economic twist on the old adage "  All politics is local , " and an overseas vote where President Obama would love to see an anti-incumbent backlash -- those stories filled our Sunday trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . The official White House line will be something like this : The Israeli people are making their choice , the United States admires their vibrant democracy and looks forward to a close friendship and strategic partnership with the next Israeli government no matter who wins . But it 's no secret President Obama is no fan of Benjamin Netanyahu , and the Israeli prime minister 's recent address to a joint meeting of the Congress exposed the rawness of the relationship . So as the votes are counted and the coalitions debated in the week ahead , the White House has both a personal and professional interest . NPR 's Steve Inskeep took a firsthand look at the Israeli campaign in the final days and offered his take on the uncertainty . "  Now , Israel 's political system is so complicated that even if  Netanyahu 's  party ends up not being the leading party , there are scenarios where he could end up in a governing coalition , " said Inskeep . "  But it 's interesting to note that Isaac Herzog , the Labor Party leader , who 's his biggest challenger , wants to change Israel 's approach to the world -- has been talking about trying to end Israel 's isolation in the world , which would suggest changing a lot of policies that have infuriated this White House or frustrated this White House over the last several years . " Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush tend to be at the top of GOP presidential polls these days , and a good deal has been written of late about a growing rivalry . But Maggie Haberman of The New York Times took us inside some recent big-money conversations during which Walker took a more diplomatic approach when asked about his potential nomination rival . Walker was in New York City last week for fund-raising meet and greets , and he met with some hedge fund executives who were very impressed by him . New York Observer owner Jared Kushner was also on hand . "  He was asked how he would beat Jeb Bush , and he surprised a bunch of people by saying Jeb Bush is the front-runner , " said Haberman . "  Now , that 's contrary to a lot of other things he said publicly last week . " "  But that is his sell to people who could give him money , which is : ` No , no ,  Bush  is the front-runner but I 'm the slow and steady guy who 's going to come up behind , just like when I ran track when I was younger . ' " Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida at times appears to be the odd man out in the early GOP presidential rankings . Jeb Bush 's aggressive entry into the race raised some questions about whether there would still be space for Rubio to tap Florida 's deep fund-raising well . Then came the Scott Walker boomlet , and talk among some conservatives that the Wisconsin governor -- not Rubio -- might be the best pick for a new generation GOP standard-bearer . But Rubio has continued to build his team and travel to the early states on the nomination calendar , and Robert Costa of The Washington Post shared news of a developing relationship between the senator and the party 's 2012 nominee , Mitt Romney . "  He 's spoken with Romney twice since Romney decided not to get in the race , " said Costa . "  And he has had meetings this week with people like Lanhee Chen , Romney 's former policy director , and texts often with Spencer Zwick , Romney 's former finance director . " "  I think Rubio , if he nurtures those relationships , we 'll see him continue to rise in the donor community and with consultants and voters . " Ohio Gov. John Kasich is about to make his first New Hampshire foray of the 2016 cycle and is getting some encouragement from important players in the first-in-the-nation primary state . Kasich , who is exploring running but has n't been as aggressive as many other GOPers in terms of travel and staff recruitment , will be in New Hampshire on March 24 for the Politics and Eggs breakfast , a rite of presidential passage sponsored by the New Hampshire Institute of Politics . Word from people familiar with the trip is that Kasich is being encouraged to be more active in New Hampshire by former Gov. John H. Sununu and his son , former GOP Sen. John Sununu . Two New Hampshire GOP activists also report that former GOP Sen. Judd Gregg also believes Kasich -- like Gregg , a budget hawk during his time in Congress -- would be a strong addition to the GOP field . There is a crowded field of Republicans testing the waters for 2016 -- and the people of Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina are grateful . They do n't have as much reason to be grateful to the Democrats , who so far seem to be fixated on a single candidate . The lack of a big field will likely spare Hillary Clinton a damaging mess , as California Gov. Jerry Brown suggested last week . But , party loyalties aside , perhaps he would have a different take if his state were near the top of the nominating calendar . Julie Pace of The Associated Press reminded us the early presidential attention is an economic engine in those early states . "  When you have robust primaries in both parties , you have tons of money flooding into Iowa and New Hampshire , South Carolina , on television ads , on hotels , transportation , campaign headquarters , " said Pace . "  And there is some concern that on the Democratic side , we 're just simply not going to see that this time around . " "  And it 's a reminder that politics has become such a big business beyond just the campaigns and the super PACs . "	Scott Walker plays diplomat in big money conversations about Jeb Bush Marco Rubio courts Mitt Romney and his former staffers John Kasich gets support from some important N.H. Republicans
CNN Student News  -- March 3 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Frankfurt , Germany • Libya • Los Angeles Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Oh say can you see a new edition of CNN Student News ? 'Cause it starts right now ! From the CNN Center in Atlanta , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Frankfurt Shooting AZUZ : First up , President Obama says the U.S. will spare no effort to learn how an outrageous attack took place . Happened yesterday at Germany 's Frankfurt Airport . Two American troops were shot and killed on a U.S. military bus . Two others were wounded . They were security forces who were being deployed . German police have one suspect in custody . Officials say that what they think happened is that the gunman rushed onto the bus while it was waiting outside the terminal and then started shooting . This would be a federal crime in both the United States and in Germany . This story was developing when we produced this show yesterday . For the latest : CNN.com . Crisis in Libya AZUZ : The fighting between Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's troops and the rebels who are against Colonel Gadhafi is getting worse . Libyan aircraft bombed two parts of the country yesterday where rebels have taken control . In this incident that you 're watching , a CNN crew saw an aircraft drop two bombs near a town that has major oil and natural gas facilities . U.S. officials say one option to try and push Gadhafi out of power is to create a no-fly zone over Libya . Defense Secretary Robert Gates says if Congress orders that , the U.S. military could do it . But he warned lawmakers that in order to set up the no-fly zone , first , the U.S. would have to attack Libya 's anti-aircraft weapons . Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's first Shoutout goes out to Mr. Brown 's global studies classes at Goodrell Middle School in Des Moines , Iowa ! Which of these documents discusses freedom of speech ? Is it the : A  Declaration of Independence , B  Preamble to the Constitution , C  Gettysburg Address or D  Bill of Rights ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Freedom of speech is found in the Bill of Rights . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Free Speech Decision AZUZ : The First Amendment , to be specific . People have the right to exercise their freedom of speech , even if what they 're saying is hurtful . That 's the ruling that the U.S. Supreme Court made yesterday in a case about the balance between free speech and privacy . On one side was the Westboro Baptist Church . They believe that God is punishing America for "  the sin of homosexuality . " And they think that U.S. troops deserve to die because they fight for a country that tolerates homosexuality . Church members have raised controversy by protesting near funerals for members of the military . That includes the 2006 funeral for Lance Corporal Matthew Snyder . Matthew 's father Albert -- who says his son was not gay -- is on the other side of this court case . He says the protesters should n't have been at the funeral , and he sued the church for invasion of privacy . The case made it all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court . And in an 8-1 decision , the court ruled in favor of the Westboro Church and said members had a right to promote their message in public settings . Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that , "  Speech is powerful . It can stir people to action , move them to tears of both joy and sorrow and -- as it did here -- inflict great pain . On the facts before us , we can not react to that pain by punishing the speaker . " He also pointed out that the protest happened far enough away from the memorial service that there was n't any indication that it interfered with the funeral . But Chief Justice Roberts added that while Westboro believes that America is morally flawed , many Americans might feel the same about Westboro . Blog Promo AZUZ : Wan na talk about this ? Head to CNNStudentNews.com . We 've posted this story on today 's blog and we 're looking for your thoughts on both the controversy itself and the Supreme Court 's decision . Senate Budget Vote AZUZ : Americans are split on the possibility of a government shutdown . According to a recent survey , 46 percent of people say a shutdown would be good because it would stop the government from going further into debt . 44 percent say it would be bad because of the federal services that would stop running . It 'll be two more weeks before that possibility comes up again . Yesterday , the Senate voted to keep funding the government through March 18th . The House passed the bill the day before . And once President Obama signs the extension , it 'll be law . Rodney King Anniversary AZUZ : Many of you might not know the name Rodney King . Back in 1991 , not a lot of other people did either . But that changed after something that happened twenty years ago today . King led Los Angeles police on a high speed chase . The video of what happened when he was caught got attention across the country . A man nearby took this video , which shows the police beating Rodney King . He was arrested , but later released without being charged . And a little more than a year later , four of the officers were acquitted of beating King . The ruling caused racial tensions and set off a week-long riot in L.A. that left 55 people dead . Don Lemon recently sat down with Rodney King to talk about some of the struggles he 's gone through over the past two decades and what his life is like now . BEGIN VIDEO DON LEMON , CNN ANCHOR , CNN NEWSROOM : In the 20 years since his life was turned upside down , Rodney King has relocated to suburban Rialto , California . He 's 20 years older and , according to him , a lot wiser . He admits his past is riddled with bad decisions . If you could do it all over again , what would you do ? Would you go out that night ? RODNEY KING , POLICE BEATING VICTIM : I would have stayed , stayed home . I think I would have stayed home . LEMON : For years after the beating , Rodney King continued to have run-ins with the law . In 1996 , he was sentenced to 90 days for a hit-and-run involving his wife . He was also arrested several times on charges related to domestic abuse , drug intoxication and indecent exposure . Why , after all that , that 's what people would say , especially black people , why after all that , Rodney , are you still getting in trouble ? KING : I guess the trouble that they see me in is a part of my life that I 'm working on . LEMON : And 20 years later , Rodney King still lives in fear . Years after the beating , you wore a vest ? KING : Oh , yeah . Yeah . LEMON : Do you still wear a vest ? KING : Yeah . I do . I do . LEMON : He wears a bulletproof vest in large crowds because threats against his life were all too real . The FBI once infiltrated a white supremacist plot to assasinate king . UNIDENTIFIED REPORTER : Are you constantly looking over your shoulder ? KING : I never feel safe , just things that happened . When you are part of history , and it changes for the better , you got a lot of devilish people out there that do n't like it . LEMON : When Rodney King had the blood on his face , that mug shot of you with the blood on your face , who was he then ? KING : Oh man . A guy that was almost dead and just , like , happy to be able to still have that face , to be able to see that face . LEMON : And Rodney King now ? All cleaned up , trimmed goatee , beads around his neck . Who is Rodney King now ? KING : I consider myself a decent , you know , good human being . END VIDEO Web Promo AZUZ : Teachers , our daily e-mail gives you a sneak preview of what 's coming up in tomorrow 's show . And signing up for it is simple as one , two , three . One : Go to our home page , CNNStudentNews.com . Two : Scroll down to the "  How do I " box and click on "  sign up for the daily e-mail . " Three : Just fill out the form . It 's just that easy . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! The phrase "  twilight 's last gleaming " is part of what song ? You know what to do ! Is it in : A  God Bless America , B  The Star Spangled Banner , C  America the Beautiful or D  My Country 'T is of Thee ? Another three seconds on the clock -- GO ! "  What so proudly we hailed at the twilight 's last gleaming . " That 's part of the Star Spangled Banner ! That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Before We Go AZUZ : 80 years ago today , the Star Spangled Banner officially became the U.S. national anthem . But the original is on the move ! This is the manuscript -- the original poem -- of the words that Francis Scott Key wrote while he watched the bombardment of Fort McHenry during the War of 1812 . That 's where the "  bombs bursting in air " line comes from . Can you imagine that ? You come up with a poem that , more than 100 years later , becomes your country 's national anthem . Goodbye AZUZ : That 's what I call a banner achievement . It 's time for us to wave goodbye . But do n't let your spirits flag . CNN Student News returns tomorrow , puns and all . We 'll see y' all then .	Learn about an attack against U.S. troops at an airport in Germany Hear how the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on an issue of free speech Consider the struggles Rodney King has faced since his infamous beating Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Maroua , Cameroon  CNN  -- The governor of Cameroon 's Far North Region on Thursday said threats posed by militant Islamist group Boko Haram were "  very critical . " Speaking in Mokolo , Gov. Joseph Beti Assomo told reporters that all senior state security officials , divisional heads and religious leaders have been put on the alert . Some 600 soldiers in the Far North region have been ordered out of their barracks and strategically deployed in localities close to the border with Nigeria , he added . Cameroon 's regional governments have intensified rigorous checks after Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan ordered border closures with some neighboring countries , including Cameroon , due to threats from the Boko Haram . Residents in the Far North capital of Maroua have been reporting to police a growing number of strangers and unusual occurrences . The Far North Region is largely Muslim and shares a border with northern Nigeria , where the Boko Haram is based . Trade and custom officials in Maroua say nearly 80 % of its regional economy has shrunk since the closure of the borders . Consumers of Nigerian sugar , flour , cement and other manufactured products are concerned about plummeting supplies , while smuggled Nigerian fuel , locally called "  zoua-zoua , " is the object of sharp price hikes . The Far North Region is home to more than 2 million people , according to an official head count . Recent weeks have seen an escalation in clashes between Boko Haram and security forces in Nigeria 's northeastern states of Borno and Yobe , as well as attacks on churches and assassinations . Boko Haram  which according to the group means "  Western civilization is forbidden "  is demanding the imposition of Islamic sharia law across Nigeria . CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	Government in Cameroon region on alert Officials concerned about activity of militant Islamist group Boko Haram has clashed with forces in neighboring Nigeria
Cairo  CNN  -- Nine people died over two days in clashes between Egyptian police and protesters amid reports of inadequate security at a soccer match that devolved into a riot in which 79 fans were killed , officials said Friday . Six deaths occurred in Suez and three in Cairo , the Health Ministry reported . Among the fatalities was an 18-year-old , the ministry said . More than 2,500 people were injured near the Interior Ministry in Cairo over two days , officials said . Thousands of protesters gathered outside the ministry , prompting riot police to deploy tear gas for fear the men -- some of them masked -- would storm the building . "  The people demand the downfall of the field marshal , " chanted the protesters , who waved flags from the popular soccer team Al-Ahly , which was playing in the game Wednesday in Port Said after which the riot broke out . Gen. Marwan Mustapha , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry , said protesters who had taken over a government taxation building were throwing Molotov cocktails from the roof . Nearly 200 police officers were injured , several by birdshot pellets , Mustapha said . Clashes were reported Friday in Suez , where at least 18 people were injured , Deputy Health Minister Hisham Shiha said . In the Sumoha neighborhood of Alexandria , thousands of protesters clashed with police , throwing Molotov cocktails and rocks and setting tires afire , said Tamer Mohamed , an activist who witnessed events there . Police fired tear gas into the crowds and warning shots into the air , he said . Two fires occurred Friday in or near Cairo . In one , the taxation building -- in the center of where demonstrations were going on -- was ablaze . Mahmoud el-Azali , a witness and reporter for Nile TV , said a band of people broke into the building about 9:30 p.m. and set the top floor afire . Though no one was hurt , attempts to put out the massive blaze proved fruitless , he said . Another fire broke out 20 kilometers from Cairo , at the Al Marg police station , said Usama Emam , a national security investigator . Twelve prisoners escaped , he said . The causes of the fires were not immediately clear . Among the people arrested in Cairo were 12 Syrians , said Maj. Karim El-Fouli with the Egyptian police . He said the Syrians were accused of setting the first floor of the Syrian Embassy afire . Outside the police station , about 100 other Syrians demanded their countrymen 's release . "  Mubarak gone ! Gone ! Assad Next ! Next ! " they chanted , referring to the toppled Egyptian president , Hosni Mubarak , and his Syrian counterpart , Bashar al-Assad . "  They are here because of the massacre in Homs today , " said Syrian activist Sumer Badr , in Cairo , referring to violence between Syrian government forces and demonstrators . The Egyptian Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said in a statement posted on Facebook that the country "  is passing in a sensitive and difficult time that is considered the most dangerous and important in Egypt 's history . " The statement continued , "  The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has always reiterated to the military forces that peaceful protests are a right to all people to state their demands . " It called on "  all national and political factions of this nation to remain alert and responsible and to effectively intervene to ensure stability again across Egypt . " On Thursday , two people died in Suez and a military officer was accidentally killed by a vehicle driven by security forces in Cairo , officials said . The latest demonstrations come amid a period of mourning for those who died at the match Wednesday in the Mediterranean city of Port Said . Fans of the hometown Al-Masry club stormed the field after a 3-1 win over Cairo 's Al-Ahly club . Rival fans battled with rocks and chairs , and witnesses said many of the Al-Masry fans carried knives and sticks . Many suffocated in the crush of bodies that formed as fans attempting to flee the stadium found their escape blocked by a locked steel gate , survivors said . In the aftermath , horrified fans questioned why police had not stopped the Al-Masry fans from rushing the visitors ' stands , why exits were barred and how fans were able to take weapons into the stadium . "  We believe this is something that has been well-organized , " said Khaled Mortagy , a member of Al-Ahly 's governing board . "  I 'm sure there are some hidden hands behind this , but we can not really see , or we can not really confirm , who is behind all that . " Mamdouh Eid , executive manager of the Al-Ahly fans committee , said authorities contributed to the escalation of violence . "  The police stood there watching , and the ambulances arrived late . I carried several dead fans in my arms , " he said . But Gen. Ismail Osman , a member of Egypt 's military council , told Mehwar TV on Thursday that the military and police were not responsible for what happened . Mustapha said fans stoked tensions during the entire match . "  There were organized groups in the crowds that purposely provoked the police all through the match and escalated the violence and stormed onto the field after the final whistle , " he said . "  Our policemen tried to contain them but not engage . " The soccer violence reignited demands for Egypt 's military-led government to make reforms and improve security . Egypt 's fledgling parliament erupted in anger over the national tragedy Thursday , with the debate growing so heated that the body 's speaker ordered a live broadcast of the session cut off . The order was retracted after lawmakers objected . A committee will investigate the circumstances behind the riot . Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri suspended Port Said 's security chief and the head of police investigation . The two men will face an inquiry . Ganzouri also accepted the resignation of Port Said 's governor . The governor and the chief of security , along with the head of the Port Said football federation , the stadium manager and the riot police chief , have all been banned from travel until the investigation is completed . Police have charged 52 people with "  premeditated murder , thuggery , destruction of public property and beatings causing fatal injuries . " CNN 's Tracy Doueiry contributed to this story .	New : Death toll climbs to nine in Egyptian clashes , the Health Ministry says Military calls peaceful protests "  a right to all people " Protesters demand an end to military rule They are angered by a violent riot at soccer match this week
CNN  -- Donna Zovko will have to wait to travel to Falluja to see where her son died in one of the Iraq war 's most infamous attacks . Clockwise from upper left : Wesley Batalona , Mike Teague , Scott Helvenston , Jerry Zovko "  My dream was to go for the fifth anniversary , and that did n't come true , " Zovko said this week while visiting friends in Boston , Massachusetts . "  It 's not that I 'm afraid for me . But people with me on the trip would be in more danger . " Tuesday marks five years since her son Jerry Zovko and three other civilian employees of the Blackwater private security firm were ambushed in Falluja on March 31 , 2004 . Gunmen attacked vehicles holding Zovko , Mike Teague , Wesley Batalona and Scott Helvenston and set the vehicles on fire . Shocking images beamed around the world showed Iraqis celebrating in front of charred bodies strung up on a bridge over the Euphrates River . The remains were dragged through the streets . Donna Zovko honors her son " "  I did n't realize until way after the incident that he had been decapitated , " said Helvenston 's mother , Katy Helvenston-Wettengel , from her Florida home . "  They cut his heart out . How can anybody be that hateful ? " To identify his body , she said , investigators had to gather DNA samples from her son 's children . A half-decade after the notorious attack , memories of the gruesome images have faded somewhat from the public eye , as the United States plans to reduce troop numbers in Iraq and a wrongful death suit brought by the four families heads to court-ordered arbitration . The families accuse Blackwater of failing to prepare the men for their mission that day . A 2007 House oversight committee report concluded that Blackwater "  ignored multiple warnings about the dangers " and failed to supply armored vehicles , machine guns , sufficient intelligence or even a map . Blackwater responded by saying the experienced military veterans on the team "  had all of the resources they needed " and were victims of a "  well-planned ambush . " In the days after the attack , Blackwater was largely silent beyond a statement that said , "  We grieve today for the loss of our colleagues and we pray for their families . " But the families said they ran into a stone wall trying to get details of what happened in Falluja . "  For the next three months , they never returned my calls , " Helvenston 's mother said . "  Our families were destroyed . We will never be the same . " For Zovko , the suit is not about money or punishment . "  I want to hear the truth , " she said . "  I want to know what my Jerry was doing before the mission . Why they did n't they have the maps ? I want to know who he spoke to last . " What makes this anniversary different from past years , she said , was an encounter this month in Boston with an Iraqi who claimed that he was at the scene of the attack shortly after the massacre . He offered Zovko new alleged details of the attack , which she says brought her comfort . The Iraqi man , whom she would n't identify , told her that the attackers did not appear to be targeting the motorcade containing her son and his three comrades . "  We used to think maybe the attack was done on purpose , " she said . The news made her feel like "  I was lifted into the air , " she said . "  For me , it was good . I miss my Jerry more today than yesterday . " The gruesome attack put the little-known North Carolina-based security company into the American lexicon and on the world stage . It also changed the course of the war . The House report called it a "  turning point in public opinion about the war , " which led to the first major U.S. offensive in Falluja . The fighting lasted three weeks , killing 36 U.S. service members , about 200 insurgents and an estimated 600 Iraqi civilians , according to the report . In the ensuing years , Blackwater and other private security firms in Iraq received hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S. government contracts . Tactics used by the private security firms sometimes created ill will among Iraqis and Blackwater in particular was criticized , even by some in the U.S. military , for its allegedly reckless use of deadly force . Erik Prince , Blackwater 's founder and former CEO , dismissed such allegations as "  baseless " after his company was criticized by the Iraqi government for an incident in which its guards killed 17 Iraqi civilians and wounded others while protecting a U.S. State Department convoy in Baghdad on September 16 , 2007 . "  To the extent there was the loss of innocent life , let me be clear that I consider that tragic , " Prince said , adding that the Blackwater team "  acted appropriately while operating in a very complex war zone " that day . Five ex-Blackwater security guards pleaded not guilty in January to charges of voluntary manslaughter stemming from their involvement in the shootings . A sixth pleaded guilty to voluntary and attempted manslaughter . That same month , the Iraqi government refused to grant the firm an operating license , and the U.S. State Department announced that it will not renew its contract . In the two months since the exit of the Bush administration , Prince has stepped down as CEO and brought in a new leadership team . The company has changed its name to Xe , but Prince is still chairman . "  I think Blackwater 's been punished enough , " Zovko said , "  but they will be punished more . It 's time our government makes some rules and regulations about what civilian contractors can do in their wars . " This week , Xe released a brief statement to CNN about the Falluja killings , saying the "  sacrifices of these brave men have not been forgotten . On the five-year anniversary of their death , the company continues to mourn their loss . Our thoughts remain with their families and loved ones . " Prince 's promise Both mothers seem to be making a conscious effort to control their anger five years on . "  I refuse to hate , but if I were gon na hate anybody , it would be Blackwater and Erik Prince , " Helvenston-Wettengel said . "  I want Blackwater exposed for who they are , and I want them out of business . " Zovko said she relies on her Catholic faith to control her anger . In 2007 , Prince told CNN he would be willing to meet with Zovko , but 16 months later , no such meeting has taken place . "  He has n't honored his promise , but I believe he will , " Zovko said . "  Sometimes I think he does n't have a heart , but he really does . " Zovko said she wants to ask Prince , "  Where are my Jerry 's three suitcases with personal things that I have never received ? " Also , she said Prince promised to invite Zovko to Blackwater 's headquarters in North Carolina to see memorial stones and trees that were planted honoring the victims . "  That has n't happened , " Zovko said . Helvenston-Wettengel also said she 'd like to meet with Prince . "  I 'd like to look him in the eye , yeah . I 'd say , ` How can you live with yourself ? ' " CNN sought a response from Prince about his promised meeting with Zovko . Company spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said Prince had tried to meet with Zovko in early 2008 but was unable to "  due to scheduling conflicts . " Both mothers ' sons went to Iraq after careers in the U.S. military . Jerry Zovko , a former Army Ranger , had gone as a security contractor to train Iraqi soldiers . When that contract ended in late 2003 , he signed on with a different company , Blackwater , according to his mother . For Scott Helvenston , Iraq was just the final chapter of a colorful career for the former Navy SEAL , a life that included a job as a stuntman and consultant for Hollywood films . On the set of 1997 's "  G.I. Jane , " shot in Jacksonville , Florida , Helvenston put Demi Moore through a rigorous training program , his mother said , even managing to grab a small role as an extra . A divorced father of two , Helvenston told his mother he would return from Iraq in two months , she said . "  He was going to go over there and make a bunch of money and come back and give it to his ex-wife , " she said . Zovko and Helvenston-Wettengel have become close friends in the years since the tragedy , but on this anniversary , the two mothers will not be together to share their support and grief with each other . "  Traveling is getting to be troublesome for us both , " said Zovko , who plans to remain near her home in Bratenahl , Ohio , to attend morning and evening masses at Cleveland 's St. Paul Croatian Church . Helvenston-Wettengel also said she plans to attend church Tuesday in her hometown of Leesburg , Florida . Legal setbacks As for the families ' wrongful death lawsuit against Blackwater , a federal judge in 2007 ordered that the case be taken out of the courts to be decided by a three-member arbitration panel . Senior U.S. District Judge James Fox sent the case to arbitration based on Blackwater 's argument that the four victims had signed an agreement not to sue the company . A hearing is set for June 23 . In court , Blackwater had argued that it was immune to such a lawsuit because , as an extension of the military , it can not be held responsible for deaths in a war zone . At this point , Zovko said , both sides are losers . "  I lost my son , and Blackwater lost the dignity of the company they thought they were . " Helvenston said she wants the whole thing to just end , but events keep dragging it out . "  They wo n't let me let it go . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	It 's been five years since killings of four U.S. contractors in Falluja Victim 's mom : "  I want Blackwater exposed and out of business " Blackwater , renamed Xe , says it "  continues to mourn " the loss of the four men Another mom : Both sides are losers in Blackwater suit
CNN  -- Much of middle America baked in a heat wave Sunday , with little respite in sight as temperatures and humidity are expected to make it feel warmer than 100 degrees Fahrenheit through much of this week . Excessive heat warnings have been declared by the National Weather Service in at least 14 states Sunday , most of those in the upper Midwest . Excessive heat watches were in place in Indiana and Kentucky , with heat advisories  the least imminent of the three  in effect for four other states . Several daily temperature records were broken Sunday -- from Alpena , Michigan , south to Miami , Florida . "  This is the hottest it 's been for the longest period of time , " said Emily McNamara from Sioux Falls , South Dakota , where the temperatures were expected to hover in the mid-90s through the middle of the week . Prevent heat-related illnesses The blistering weather wo n't end , but rather it will move east , once the alerts expire in most cases Wednesday or Thursday . Extreme heat is forecast to bear down on the eastern United States by the end of this week . Jacob Beitlich , a Des Moines , Iowa-based meteorologist for the National Weather Service , said that two factors contribute to make this current heat wave especially dangerous : the lack of a significant drop in temperatures overnight to allow people 's bodies to cool down and relatively high humidity , which makes it feel appreciably hotter than the thermostat may indicate . In Iowa , for instance , he noted that the impact of mid-90s temperatures have been compounded by relatively high dew points in the upper 70s and low 80s . These combine to make the heat index -- a meteorological measure for how it feels outside -- spike so that it feels as hot as 126 degrees Fahrenheit , according to the weather service . "  That takes a toll on your body , " Beitlich explained . "  When it 's more humid , it 's more difficult to cool down from sweating . " Got ta Watch : Heat wave solutions The National Weather Service notes that typically extreme heat is the biggest weather-related killer in the United States , taking about 115 lives each year . That 's why it and other government agencies urge people to minimize their time outdoors in periods of extreme heat , drink plenty of fluids , and keep especially close tabs on the elderly and young people . In Missouri , for one , scores of cooling centers have been established in libraries , senior centers , schools and other sites around the state to help deal with continuously high temperatures . At Target Field in Minneapolis , Minnesota Twins supporters stood in long lines to get water from coolers , used spray fans , wrapped wet towels on their head during a Sunday game -- anything to keep cool . "  It is blistering out , " said one fan , Jeff Ferris . "  Brutal . I 've probably lost 10 pounds today -- it 's crazy . " Dehydration and youth sports While the recent stretch has been particularly difficult , it 's all part of what 's been a continuously long , hot and in many cases dry summer in numerous locales . The weather service indicates that Oklahoma , for instance , already has had 27 days this year in which the temperature surpassed 100 degrees . Not everyone , though , in the region sweat it out this weekend . McNamara notes that the Wild West Waterpark , where she is aquatic manager , has had "  record-breaking days in terms of attendance " in recent days , with several thousand flooding in to get wet and beat the heat . "  It 's awesome , " she said . "  You see people coming out having fun . It makes for a fast day . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report .	NEW : A Minnesota Twins fan describes the extreme heat in Minneapolis as "  brutal " The National Weather Service has declared excessive heat warnings for 14 states High humidity has driven up heat indices , making it feel as hot as 126 degrees The extreme heat is forecast to move east by week 's end , affecting the East Coast
CNN  -- A bolt of lightning left 10 soldiers from the New Jersey National Guard with minor injuries during a training exercise Tuesday night , a military spokesman said . The soldiers were taking part in an exercise in a tent at Fort Drum , outside Watertown , New York , when the lightning strike occurred , 1st Sgt. David Moore told CNN . The injured were members of the 50th Infantry Brigade Combat Team from Lawrenceville , New Jersey , and were among about 2,000 troops taking part in an annual training camp , he said . Six of the soldiers had already returned to training on Wednesday , Moore said . CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .	Soldiers received minor injuries during a training exercise Tuesday night Six of the 10 had returned to training by Wednesday The soldiers , from Lawrenceville , N.J. , serve in the New Jersey National Guard
CNN  -- At least 40 people were killed and numerous others injured in a reported grenade attack at a casino in Monterrey , Mexico , the capital of Nuevo Leon , according to attorney general in that northern state . The incident occurred around 4 p.m. local time  5 p.m. ET  at the Casino Royale when two people aboard a vehicle arrived , and one threw three grenades into the building . There were conflicting unconfirmed reports from local media that the assailants poured gasoline on the building before setting it on fire . Between 20 and 30 people were trapped in the casino because of debris from the explosions , said Cmdr. Angel Flores with the Green Cross . Video from the scene showed a burned-out building as firefighters made rescue attempts to break the wall of the facade of the casino to release the smoke inside the building . Mexican President Felipe Calderon sent the following statement from his official Twitter account  translated from Spanish  : "  With deep consternation , I express my solidarity with Nuevo Leon and the victims of this abhorrent act of terror and barbarism . " He added more : "  These reprehensible acts require us all to persevere in the fight against gangs of unscrupulous criminals . All the support to NL  Nuevo Leon  . " About five families were outside the casino waiting for information from authorities , local journalist Javier Estrada reported . Gustavo Madrazo was one of those waiting outside the casino . He said his wife , Martha , and her sister , Miriam Gonzalez , were inside . Authorities have not identified any of the victims . So far , no representative for the company that manages the casino had arrived outside . The Mexican Army and state and municipal police forces were also on the scene . Alejandro Poire , Mexico 's top national security spokesman , said the federal government has made contact with local officials and that Calderon has spoken to the governor of Nuevo Leon to offer support . Poire said those who carried out the attacks will be held responsible . "  They will pay for their crimes . ... We will do absolutely everything ... to restore tranquility . " The National Commission on Human Rights in Mexico sent a news release saying it has opened an investigation regarding the response to the events at the casino . "  The priority is to help safeguard the human rights enshrined in the Constitution of the United Mexican States and international treaties . The commission again makes clear that the insecurity in the country requires public officials responsible for implementing and enforcing the law , carry out preventive actions to protect society and away from any violence . " "  The National Commission will monitor the actions taken by the competent authorities to respond adequately to the aggrieved persons . " The NHRC says it has also sent personnel to the scene including physicians , psychologists and lawyers to work jointly with authorities . Nuevo Leon , in northeastern Mexico , has seen several grenade attacks so far this year . On August 13 , four civilians were wounded when an armed group fired two grenades at a jail in the municipality of Apodaca . In July , gunmen entered a downtown bar in Monterrey and shot 20 people dead . A public safety spokesman told CNN the attack was likely sparked by a dispute between organized crime groups for control of the El Sabino Gordo nightclub , where drugs were allegedly sold . Nuevo Leon and the neighboring states of Coahuila and Tamaulipas have been the scene of a series of clashes between organized crime groups . The Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas are vying for control of trafficking routes into the United States . In November 2010 , the federal government launched the Coordinated Operation Northeast , which involves sending more security forces to the area to tackle crime . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report	NEW : Officials say the death toll in grenade attack is up to 40 President Felipe Calderon responds to attack via his Twitter account Grenade attack reported at a casino in Monterrey , in northeastern Mexico Up to 30 people thought trapped in the casino because of debris
CNN  -- Syreeta Myers knows what it is to lose her only child . "  It 's the worst pain ever . " "  My life is empty now . My heart is empty . " More than half a dozen bullets struck Vonderrit Deondre Myers , 18 , in an encounter with an off-duty police officer . All but one of the shots were nonlethal , striking his lower extremities . The lethal shot hit him in the head . Myers ' mother , Syreeta , does n't believe her son did anything wrong and blames police . "  They took him away from me , " she told CNN 's Jason Carroll on Friday . "  He was just getting something to eat . " But police said Myers shot first , firing three times at the man in a police uniform , who was working on a private security patrol in a neighborhood . The officer returned fire with 17 rounds . It started when Myers and two other males ran from the officer , who was in a car , St. Louis police said . The off-duty officer pursued them because he thought one of them had a handgun . He tussled with Myers , who pulled a weapon , police said . After the exchange of fire , Myers was pronounced dead on the scene . A 9 mm weapon was recovered -- the gun Myers fired with , police said . It was jammed , they said , no longer readily able to fire . The gun had been reported stolen in late September . Investigators recovered bullets that had flown in the officer 's direction . One was lodged in a car , police said Friday . iReport video : Shots fired at St. Louis protest Protesters invoke Michael Brown Protesters took to St. Louis streets for two nights this week , and some of them drew parallels to the shooting of Michael Brown in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson . Myers and Brown were both 18 , African-American and killed by white police officers . One big difference : Police said Brown was unarmed . Chants of "  no justice , no peace " rang into the night as crowds rallied after the Wednesday evening shooting . One officer suffered minor injuries and two police cruisers were damaged , Jackson said . A handful of arrests were made . Protesters also burned at least one American flag , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . "  It 's a clear case of this young man being gunned down by an insensitive white officer who was off-duty , " Akbar Muhammad , who also is a member of a coalition calling for the officer who shot Brown to be prosecuted , told CNN affiliate KTVI . Police lawyer : Force not excessive Neil Bruntrager , a lawyer for the St. Louis Police Officers ' Association , dismissed accusations that 17 shots were excessive . "  When he uses deadly force , he uses deadly force until the threat is gone , " he said on "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " Without video of the incident or unbiased witnesses , the police and the public must rely on physical evidence , he said . Van Jones , a civil rights activist and CNN contributor , said there is a lot of police mistrust after the Brown killing . "  You 're seeing a wholesale breakdown of trust , " he said . The officer , a six-year veteran who has not been named , was placed on administrative leave , per standard department procedure . He served two tours of duty with the military in Iraq and was awarded a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart , Bruntrager said . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Vonderrit Deondre Myers ' mother : "  It 's the worst pain ever " Myers was in a gunbattle with an off-duty police officer , police say He fired three shots at the officer before his gun jammed ; the officer shot 17 times , police say
CNN  -- An Al Jazeera reporter who disappeared after landing in the Syrian capital of Damascus last month to cover anti-government protests has been released , the network said early Wednesday . The network said Dorothy Parvaz was safe and well in Doha , where her fiance had gone to greet her . The journalist will head to Canada . Al Jazeera lost contact with Parvaz after she disembarked from a Qatar Airways flight from Iran on April 29 . In a statement last week , Syria said the 39-year-old journalist was taken into custody after she arrived in Damascus with an expired passport and deported to Iran two days later . But Iran 's state news agency IRNA quoted Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi on Saturday as saying the Islamic republic had "  no information " about her . A statement that Parvaz 's fiance , Todd Barker , posted on the "  Free Dorothy Parvaz " Facebook page indicated she had been taken to Iran . "  She said that she was treated well in Iran . She sounded positive and grateful for the support - but a little embarrassed . We are very thankful to Iranian authorities for her release and good treatment , " the statement said . Added an Al Jazeera spokesman : "  We are with her now to find out more about her ordeal over the last 18 days . " Syria has been roiled for six weeks by anti-government protests and has largely prevented foreign journalists from covering the unrest . Media organizations have been relying on social media , eyewitness accounts and cell-phone video to report the story . Thousands of supporters from around the world started a social media campaign on Facebook and Twitter in an effort to draw attention to her disappearance . Dozens of international journalists have been detained and expelled from Syria since March 15 , when anti-government protests began , said Mohamed Abdel Dayem , program coordinator for the Committee to Protect Journalists in the Middle East and North Africa .	NEW : Her fiance thanks Iran for Parvaz 's release Syria says it deported the Al Jazeera reporter to Iran Iran says it has "  no information " about her whereabouts Al Jazeera says Dorothy Parvaz is safe and well in Doha
CNN  -- Hollywood excess is always an easy target , as the reception to last week 's "  John Carter " shows . But it 's worth remembering , simplicity is hard . The simplicity fused with moral force and emotional gravity that brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne bring to Cannes Grand Prix winner , "  The Kid with a Bike , " is a rare and beautiful thing . The Belgian siblings have forged an impressive foothold in the international cinema scene over the past 15 years or so , with a brand of rigorous , concerted neo-realist tales like "  Rosetta , " "  The Child " and "  The Son "  "  Le fils "  that focus on marginalized , working class characters trapped by poverty and circumstance , but occasionally within spitting distance of something that can only be described as grace . As those titles suggest , children and parental bonds are a recurring theme , and they are paramount again in "  The Kid with a Bike . " Twelve-year-old Cyril  Thomas Doret  is a blonde urchin with a face that looks like it has already had too many tears squeezed out of it . When we first see him , he 's planning his escape from a children 's home . He 's desperate to get back home with his father , and refuses to believe it when they tell him the ne'er do well has taken off with no forwarding address . Alas , when he does get away , the care-workers ' story checks out : Their apartment is empty , even Cyril 's most prized possession , the bike his dad gave him , has gone . It 's at this moment , when the boy is trying to avoid recapture and deny the extent of his abandonment , that he runs headlong into the arms of a stranger , Samantha  Cecile de France  . He clings on so tight that something clicks inside her , and she decides she can not let him go . Over the following months , Samantha brings Cyril his beloved bike and persuades the authorities to allow the boy to visit with her on weekends . She 'll track down his father  Jeremie Regnier  , and insist they meet .  The spineless wretch wo n't even admit to the boy that his dad never wants to see him again .  She 'll even furnish a home for Cyril , even though he 's scarcely capable of acknowledging his gratitude . Still , the most severe tests of her love and compassion lie ahead . Cecile de France is careful not to play a saint . In some ways Samantha may be at the mercy of her resolution , it 's certainly a hard road she chooses . But then , how do you put a price on a sunny summer bike ride with a child who loves you like a mother ? Speaking as a parent , "  The Kid with a Bike " is sometimes almost unbearable to watch . Not for the common cruelty of Cyril 's neglect so much as the Dardennes ' keen perception of his vulnerability to evil . The boy craves respect . He 's easy prey for an older teen , a youth who grants him privileges that no parent can compete with , and demands loyalty and self-sacrifice in return . It 's a straightforward moral schema , but a perennial story of innocence and corruption that resonates intimately with the world at large . And in this telling , it 's as compelling as any thriller . There is not a wasted shot in this stripped down , pared back fable . Yet , it accrues a deep and lasting power . You wo n't see many better this year .	"  The Kid with a Bike " has simplicity fused with moral force and emotional gravity In the movie , Cyril escapes a children 's home and is desperate to get back to his father When he finds the apartment empty , he runs headlong into the arms of a stranger
Editor 's note : This story is part of an ongoing series of profiles CNN is doing about economic survival in this time of financial crisis . Tony and Lynette Lorenz pose , in more financially secure times , for a picture the night before their 2004 wedding . CNN  -- Ever since her hometown of Fort Myers , Florida , earned the distinction of having the highest rate of foreclosures in the country , Lynette Lorenz has spent the bulk of a year away -- 1,200 miles away -- from her home and her husband . The 42-year-old automotive service provider , a commission-only position that helps car buyers with maintenance needs , once raked in $ 95,000 a year . But as the recession rolled into Fort Myers , the jobs , including hers , dried up . Now unemployment in Fort Myers is near double-digits . Lorenz became depressed and the tension between her and her husband , who works in the same industry , soared , sometimes forcing her to retreat to the spare bedroom . "  I was miserable , " she said . "  I 'm not the kind of person who can sit around the house all day . " iReport.com : Tell us how you 're surviving So in March 2008 she up and left , heading north to Maryland , where a friend said the automotive jobs were plenty . It was an extreme measure , but it was one she felt she had to take during these hard times , both for personal and financial reasons . Within one week , she landed at a Nissan dealership in Timonium , north of Baltimore . Homesickness drove her back to Florida in July , where she found the Fort Myers economy in even worse shape and jobs even tougher to come by . The city 's continued struggles even prompted a visit from President Barack Obama earlier this week . Depression , tension with her husband , and a general lack of purpose returned full throttle . In November , with only $ 50 in her pocket , she returned to Timonium and managed to get her job back . Lorenz says she now works 10 times as hard to make half her former income . She paid $ 250 in cash for a 1991 Nissan and moved into a utilities-included apartment , where she slept at first on an air-mattress with borrowed sheets . She combed through the free furniture listings on Craigslist , and scoured Goodwill and cheaper outlets for good deals . She found a couch and chair for $ 25 , and artwork for $ 7 . "  You have to be at the bottom to find out what your strengths are , " she says of her resourcefulness . "  Pure determination got me here , and I 'm really proud of it , too . " iReport.com : 1,200 miles apart and surviving It has n't always been this way for Lorenz , who said she used to be a "  country club girl . " There was a time when she spent money as if her financial well had no bottom . She said she bought new homes when she became bored with the old , and bought Versace and Chanel at fancy department stores such as Nordstrom and Saks Fifth Avenue , often on credit . Her turnaround began in November 2004 , when -- with debt amounting to about $ 50,000 , Lorenz said -- she appeared on "  Dr. Phil . " The episode title was "  Where 'd the Money Go ? " Flanked by two of her three daughters , including her then-15 year old who counted 100 pairs of shoes in her own closet , Lorenz got a televised dose of reality from the mustachioed host . "  He made a statement that stuck with me ... ` You define yourself by what you have , not who you are , ' " said Lorenz . "  I 'd never looked at my life that way before . " Watching the program later made her think , and says Lorenzo , "  The spending stopped . " Good thing it did , because the hard times ahead would require it . She says she has learned to appreciate what she has and scoffs at her one-time need for high-end labels . Tossing her once-coveted $ 500 Chanel sunglasses on the counter , she laughs and says , "  These suckers do n't even stop the sun from coming in my eyes . " Lorenz laughs easily and often , but her situation is fraught with challenges . She is , after all , 1,200 miles away from her husband , Tony , 38 , whom she married in 2004 . But the couple generally talks daily , and occasional visits help sustain them , even if parting is difficult , says Lorenz . "  Every day you wish you had a job -LSB- in the same city -RSB- with each other , but unfortunately that 's just not the way it happened , " she said . "  He -LSB- Tony -RSB- never wanted me to leave , but ... I know we will be together again . " Tony , reached in Fort Myers , said being separated from his "  strong-willed " wife can be difficult . "  I want her to come home for selfish reasons -- because I want to spend the rest of my life with her . ... But I do n't want her to feel or get depressed because she 's not working , " he said . "  It 's probably a lesson for us . We argued . We worked against each other . We were n't sure of our appreciation for one another until we were n't together . " Turns out they may be back together sooner than they thought . Nissan announced Monday that it would be slashing 20,000 jobs . Lorenz wo n't know until February 24 if she 'll be laid off , but , she says , she wo n't let the possibility get her down . "  If one door closes , another one will open , " she said . "  If it comes to an end here , that 's God telling me , ` It 's time to go home and be with your husband . ' " She said she does n't worry about a return to depression if she does go home . The time away has "  made me a stronger person , " she said . "  I 'm in a different place ... I have seen so much since March of last year ... and have met so many people who are so desolate , " she said . "  I still have my family , still have my husband , and that 's enough for me . " And if need be , she said she 's no longer above working outside her field . "  I 'll sell minnows at the beach . Everyone needs minnows to fish with , " she said with a laugh . "  I may have to go outside that comfort zone , but I 'm fine with it . "	Automotive worker leaves Fort Myers , Florida , depression and husband for a job A former shop-aholic , she makes do with little and learns to appreciate more She may face layoff , since Nissan announced job slashings in tough economy If that happens , it 's "  God telling me , ` It 's time to go home and be with your husband ' "
CNN  The only man charged in the 2010 disappearance and death of honor student Phylicia Barnes has been freed by a judge in Baltimore . On Monday , Judge Addison Howard granted a motion of acquittal for Michael Johnson because of insufficient evidence . Russell Barnes , Phylicia Barnes ' father , said the ruling was heartbreaking . "  I feel like I got run over by a train , " he said . The body of the 16-year-old Barnes was found floating in a Maryland river in spring 2011 . Authorities said she was found without clothes and with no "  overt " signs of wounds or injuries . The teen had been visiting her half-sister in Baltimore . She said she was going out to get something to eat and maybe a haircut when she left the residence . About a year after her body was found , police arrested Johnson , the half-sister 's ex-boyfriend . Johnson was convicted of second degree murder in January 2013 . But his attorneys successfully argued that he should have a new trial because the prosecution withheld evidence about a witness who linked Johnson to the killing , according to the judge 's order that summarized the case . Last month , the second trial ended in a mistrial because the jury was allowed to hear information in recordings that should have been redacted , the court order stated . Defense lawyers filed a motion for acquittal . The judge 's order said there was plenty of circumstantial evidence against Johnson , including that he was the last person known to see Barnes and that a witness watched him sweating as he carried an object in a tote down the apartment stairs on the day she disappeared . However , the judge wrote , "  there was insufficient evidence when taken as a whole " to convict Johnson on a charge of second-degree murder . Prosecutors tweeted a statement saying they disagree with the judge 's decision and will appeal the ruling . Defense lawyer Kay Beehler issued a statement saying , "  This case was a tragedy for everyone in the Barnes and Johnson families . Ms. Barnes was a lovely , vibrant young woman . However , Mr. Johnson has maintained his innocence from Day One of this entire case , and we are very thankful that justice was done . " Johnson left jail and was met by reporters on the street . "  It feels great to be out , " he said . Russell Barnes said he 'll keep working to put Johnson behind bars . "  We just ca n't let this go , " he said . "  We have to see justice for Phylicia . We 're just going to pursue ... the same gentlemen , a child killer who 's on the streets of Baltimore . " CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Michael Johnson had been convicted of second-degree murder The teen 's body was found floating in a Maryland river in spring 2011
CNN  -- Ashley Adams and her husband , Andy , were shocked to discover they were expecting quadruplets in March . The couple have been married for four years and were looking to start a family . After trying unsuccessfully for some time to conceive , Ashley underwent infertility treatments and received a double dose of Clomid , which often results in a multiple-birth pregnancy . "  When the doctors told us we were having quads , we were extremely terrified and ridiculously excited all at the same time , " Andy said . "  It was just unimaginable . " Ashley added , "  I did n't know how to process it initially , but it felt like a blessing . " But their surprise turned to fear when doctors diagnosed 24-year-old Ashley with thyroid cancer four months into her pregnancy . "  We were pretty overwhelmed when we found out , " Andy said . "  We were lost and scared and did n't know what to do . " Doctors had discovered an abnormality in Ashley 's thyroid during an ultrasound , and a biopsy diagnosed it as stage 1 cancer . The cancer had spread to her lymph nodes . "  It was scary to find out about the cancer and thinking about what could happen , but if I stressed out about it , the babies would feel it , and I could possibly go into labor even earlier , " Ashley said . "  Dying was not an option , and our doctors were so reassuring that we just held on to that . " Multiple-birth pregnancies are often complicated , said Ashley 's doctor , Julie Scott , a high-risk obstetrician at the University of Colorado Hospital in Aurora . As a result , Ashley wanted to wait until after the babies were born at 30 weeks to undergo cancer surgery . She delivered one boy and three girls , two of them identical twins , on August 26 . Her surgery , a seven-hour procedure that included a thyroidectomy and lymph node removal , took place a few weeks later and was successful . Scott has seen thousands of patients , many with higher-order  three or more fetuses  pregnancies . She said it is not uncommon to diagnose cancer in pregnant women because that 's often when they have their first extensive health examinations . What 's scary is that the cancer may have been lying untreated -- and spreading -- for years . "  Ashley has probably had that cancer for several years , and it went undiagnosed , probably because with her young age , " Scott said . "  The doctors missed the warning signs . " According to the National Cancer Institute , thyroid cancers are a highly curable form of cancer , with an overall survival rate of 97.5 % over a five-year period . "  In cancer -- which is always unfortunate -- Ashley is fortunate that she had a form of cancer that was slow-growing and was n't going to be altered by the course of pregnancy and could be managed , " Scott said . The Adamses are now waiting for Ashley 's test results to come back to determine a treatment plan . She may require a combination of both chemotherapy and iodine radiation , or just iodine radiation . Either way , she and her doctors would like to postpone treatment for as long as possible -- without putting her health at risk -- so that she can continue to breast-feed the quadruplets . Six weeks after her cesarean section and nearly one month after cancer surgery , Ashley is recovering and the babies are growing . Wyatt , her son , is expected to come home from the hospital this week . Identical twins Samantha and Braelynn each weigh five pounds , and Rylie is the smallest of their girls , weighing in at just under five pounds . They will remain in the University of Colorado Hospital until they are full term to make sure they can breathe on their own and there are n't any complications . The girls are expected to return home before Thanksgiving . Andy said he is excited about the babies coming home and not at all intimidated by thoughts of four babies crying simultaneously , or of all the diapers to change . The only fear that lingers is "  having something happen to them and their health when there are n't a thousand nurses around , " he said . The couple said they are optimistic about what lies ahead for their family , but do they see more babies in their future ? Andy laughs and says , "  I will tell you no more ; she will tell you maybe . But it 's definitely no for me . "	Ashley Adams was diagnosed with stage 1 thyroid cancer four months into her pregnancy Ashley waited until after the babies ' birth at 30 weeks to undergo cancer surgery One month after cancer surgery , Ashley is recovering and the babies are growing
CNN  -- Editor 's note : Watch CNN 's TV theme week Comic Book Heroes from June 10-17 on World Report , CNN Newstream and I-desk . Last week a smartly dressed elderly gentleman sat patiently in a crowd on a sunny afternoon in New York City awaiting his part in a super-hero movie . Unusually , for an extra , the man was attracting as much attention as the film 's A-list cast . While Spider-man sweltered beneath his lycra suit , 90-year-old Stan Lee coolly answered questions from fans of his own , eager to know how he helped create the webbed super-hero , along with Iron Man , Thor , X-Men , The Hulk , The Fantastic Four and scores of other heroes of the Marvel Comic books . In an interview with CNN , the Godfather of comic book heroes downplayed his role in history , claiming he just did as he was told : "  The publisher had me doing western magazines , crime magazines , men 's adventure magazines , even romance and teenage magazines and one day he came to me and he said you know one of our competitors has a book called The Justice League and it 's selling well and it 's a bunch of superheroes , why do n't we do some superhero magazines ? I said OK , I wanted to keep my job so I came up with The Fantastic Four and the others and that was the only reason . If my publisher had n't said ` let 's do superhero stories ' I 'd probably still be doing A Kid Called Outlaw , The Two Gun Kid or Millie the Model or whatever I was doing at the time . " Lee admits that the superhero universe he co-created more than fifty years ago was almost entirely devoid of super-heroines . "  The reason there have n't been as many super-heroines as superheroes is when we first started doing these kind of stories , when Marvel was first doing The Fantastic Four and Spiderman and The X-Men there were many more men , there were many more males than females buying comic books so we always really directed our stories towards the male reader and we had male readers and male super-heroes . " Nowadays he says , the female audience for comic book heroes is huge and hopes to see the shift reflected in the stories and their characters . More from Comic Book Heroes : Islamic superheroes team with Superman "  Little by little this field became so popular that the boys ' sisters started reading the stories and getting interested in them . Now when we have a movie like Thor or the Avengers or Iron Man , you 'll get as many females going to the theatre as males therefore I predict you will see pretty much as many super-heroines as superheroes as time goes by . " After half a century of seeing U.S. comic book giants Marvel and DC Comics exporting American heroes to the world , Lee feels it 's time for a change . "  We figured it 's about time that we had heroes who were n't just all American and what we would be more and what would be more interesting than having a superhero who is Chinese ? So Stan Lee created The Annihilator -- an animated character which he hopes will become the star of a super-hero movie co-produced with China . "  He has many of the Chinese characteristics and virtues that one would expect in a Chinese movie but we have successfully transferred them to a movie of worldwide appeal but we have n't lost the feeling of what it 's like to be a Chinese young man who is suddenly thrust in to an adventure which involves a super power and a super foe but he 's guided by the background , his own background and his Chinese heritage , the things he 's learned , the things he 's experienced . " But how will China react to such an imported hero ? "  I see no reason why a Chinese audience would n't love a Chinese superhero created by an American or created by anyone else as long as the character is exciting and authentic and interesting . " More from Comic Book Heroes : Test your knowledge in our superhero quiz ! Lee is also working on the launch of a digital comic book hero for India -- Chakra the Invincible . "  I think that audiences throughout the world love superheroes . I mean you could go back to the time of The Odyssey , whether it 's William Tell or El Cid . Every type , every nationality , every culture has had superheroes in their legends . People love that sort of thing . The Greek gods and so forth . " He hopes the rise of the super-hero blockbuster movie will inspire young fans to follow in his footsteps . "  Every generation has its brilliant young people who want to do these films and I think that more and more talented people get involved and as long as that happens we will always have new and exciting themes for these films . " Lee believes that this will ensure continuing interest in comic book characters which have stood the test of time . "  The thing about superhero stories , they are like fairy tales for grown ups . Every child loved reading fairy tales when he or she was a child . They were stories about monsters and witches and giants and magicians , well superhero stories have that same flavor but they are done for adults as well as for children . "	Stan Lee is CEO of POW ! Entertainment . Spider-Man , Iron Man , Thor , X-Men , The Hulk , The Fantastic Four are some of the characters he has helped create The female fan audience has grown over the past years , creating a market for more super-heroines . Lee is exploring new markets . Besides from creating a Chinese hero , he is also working on the launch of a digital comic book hero for India .
CNN  -- If ever there was a David versus Goliath clash in international football this was it . Spain , the reigning world and European champions taking on Tahiti , ranked 138th by the game 's governing body FIFA , one place below Syria . Almost all of Tahiti 's squad are amateur players -- nine are unemployed -- and their coach Eddy Etaeta even admitted before the tournament began : "  We are not here to win . " After a heavy defeat in their opening Confederations Cup game against Nigeria , Etaeta declared their dream had come true -- solely because they found the net in a 6-1 reverse . There was to be no goal this time round as they were put to the sword by Spain who completed a 10-0 victory to all-but secure a semifinal berth . That represented the biggest in the history of the competition that pits the champions of each FIFA confederation against each other and acts as a precursor to next year 's World Cup in Brazil . But Tahiti 's squad were afforded a standing ovation from the 71,000 crowd , who backed them throughout the match . Before the game there was a heavy police presence outside the ground in Rio in response to the ongoing protests in Brazil . "  Tahiti set an example in terms of fair play and went forward whenever they had the opportunity , " Spain coach Vicente del Bosque said . "  We did n't score more goals because they did n't let us . This game has n't damaged football in any way . In some ways it 's made it even stronger . " After handing over pendants to their opponents prior to kickoff , Tahiti maintained parity for less than five minutes as Chelsea striker Fernando Torres beat goalkeeper Mikael Roche at his near post to put the "  La Roja " ahead . Any Tahiti foray into Spain 's half was roared by the crowd but Del Bosque 's side soon fired two goals in the space of two minutes as David Silva and Torres found the net . David Villa grabbed a goal either side of the break before Torres sealed his hat-trick just before the hour mark -- making him the first player to do it twice in the tournament following his three against New Zealand in 2009 . Villa 's treble followed soon after , and Juan Mata then got number eight . Torres missed the chance to claim his fourth , sending a penalty over the crossbar after Ricky Aitamai was adjudged to have handled the ball . But he made amends a minute later as he rounded Roche to slot into an empty net . Silva then got his second , firing home from inside the area . The crowd were willing Tahiti forward but the closest they came to scoring was when Lorenzo Tehau narrowly failed to latch onto Marama Vahirua 's pass , but the offside flag had gone up . Upon the final whistle , Tahiti gave Spain a guard of honor as the world champions left the pitch before the minnows took the applause of the crowd . However , the battle for semifinal places will go to the last round of Group B matches , following Uruguay 's 2-1 victory over Uruguay in Thursday 's late match . Veteran striker Diego Forlan celebrated his landmark 100th international appearance -- becoming the first Uruguayan to do so -- by scoring the winner six minutes after halftime . The 34-year-old finished off a fine move involving strike partners Edison Cavani and Luis Suarez , ending his run of 12 games without a goal for the South American champions . It was his 34th goal for his country , putting him ahead of Suarez in the all-time list . Captain Diego Lugano gave Uruguay the lead in the 19th minute but Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel equalized eight minutes before the break . If Uruguay beat Tahiti on Sunday , then Nigeria 's Super Eagles would have to inflict Spain 's first defeat of the tournament in order to qualify .	World champions Spain beat Tahiti 10-0 in their Confederations Cup game in Rio Minnows Tahiti ranked 137 places below the all-conquering Spanish side Fernando Torres scores four and David Villa three in record competition win Battle for semifinal places will go to final round after Uruguay 's win over Nigeria
CNN  -- This week on the "  Big Three " prodcast we talked with our special guest , CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , about the momentous upcoming week for the Supreme Court . With 11 decisions left and just one week in the month of June to complete their rulings , the Supreme Court has held the most anticipated cases until the bitter end . Among these are rulings on gay rights , same sex marriage , the Voting Rights Act and affirmative action . This is the moment where the Supreme Court weighs in on the Culture Wars . Intense debate and some inevitable outrage seem sure to follow . Toobin , author of "  The Nine and the Oath " as well as a writer for The New Yorker , points out that Chief Justice John Roberts seems focused on building a more colorblind society as a core part of his court legacy . That means decisions regarding affirmative action and the special status of southern states in the Voting Rights Act could move in directions that would upset liberals and African-Americans in particular . But Toobin cautions against buying into knee-jerk characterizations and politicizations of complex decisions . In particular , he points out that the Voting Rights Act will not be repealed or fundamentally gutted if conservative justices carry the day in the case brought by Shelby County , Alabama , arguing essentially that the requirements relevant to the 1960s desegregation no long apply . On the court 's return to the question of affirmative action , one Roberts quote from 2007 looms large over the decision : "  The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race . " Perhaps the preeminent civil rights fight of our time is the gay rights movement , and two cases on this front promise to capture the most attention . The first is regarding the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act , passed by Congress in the 1990s . The second concerns the constitutionality of California 's Proposition 8 , which banned same sex marriages at the ballot box . Many close court observers believe that DOMA will be repealed while Prop 8 might be punted on standing . This means that Dean 's hope for a broad Loving v. Virginia type decision -- which outlawed state laws banning interracial marriage in the late 1960s -- might be thwarted for the time being . Margaret has been actively following this court case from its inception in California , where legendary conservative jurist Ted OIson banded with legendary liberal lawyer David Boies to argue that marriage is a basic civil right for all Americans . This kind of bipartisan partnership based on deep principles rather than politics is a model for how to end the Culture Wars , whatever the results of this specific Supreme Court decision . Whatever your personal politics , listen to Toobin jam with us on the "  Big Three " as a curtain-raiser for the pivotal week ahead . These cases will affect all Americans , and by listening to this podcast you 'll get up to speed , ready to debate the issues and analyze the landmark decisions delivered by the highest court in the land . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	Jeffrey Toobin joins "  Big Three " to discuss the week ahead for the Supreme Court Dean Obeidallah , John Avlon , Margaret Hoover weigh in on how the justices will rule Expect rulings on gay rights and marriage , the Voting Rights Act and affirmative action
MIAMI BEACH , Florida  CNN  -- On the grainy , silent black and white video , it 's hard to tell exactly what happened the night of June 14 in Miami Beach . But one thing is certain : A tourist , Husien Shehada , can be seen falling to the ground , shot by a police officer . Shehada , 29 , later died . Husien Shehada , at left with his brother , Samer , was shot dead by Miami Beach police on June 14 . Four nights later , again in Miami Beach , Lawrence McCoy allegedly pistol-whipped a cab driver and led police on a chase . Police say shots were exchanged . McCoy , also 29 , was killed . Officer Adam Tavss , a 34-year-old former history teacher with three years on the force , was involved in both police shootings , the first in Miami Beach since 2003 . Although it is not yet clear whether Tavss fired one of the shots that killed McCoy , questions are being raised as to whether the officer was cleared for patrol duty too soon after the first shooting . Police and the Miami-Dade County state attorney 's office are investigating the shootings . The inquiry is expected to last several more months . All the records and reports have been sealed . Watch surveillance video of the first shooting " The families of Shehada and McCoy are asking the Justice Department to investigate . Tavss , who is now assigned to desk duty , declined through his attorney to speak with CNN , citing the ongoing investigation . Miami Beach Police Chief Carlos Noriega has defended both shootings . "  It is important to note that the subjects in both cases had exhibited aggressive , violent , non-compliant and criminal behavior , " the chief said in a statement to the media . Noriega added that officers "  are required to make split-second decisions based on a variety of factors and can not afford to hesitate or be wrong . " The Miami Beach department 's standard operating procedure for use of force , a copy of which was obtained by CNN , states that any officer involved in a fatal shooting must be assigned to administrative duties for at least 72 hours . The department also mandates psychological support . Tavss was removed from duty for 72 hours , evaluated and then cleared by Noriega to return to patrol , which is departmental policy . On his first day back out on the street , Tavss was involved in the second shooting . Each of the nation 's 20,000 police departments sets its own policy for police involved in shootings and fatalities . Some departments keep the officers off the streets for a week or longer . In virtually all cases , psychological evaluation and counseling are mandatory . Watch CNN 's report on the shootings " Maria Haberfeld , a professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York and an expert on police use of force and stress management , said she had never heard of an officer being involved in two shootings within four days . "  I think it 's a gross error of judgment for any police department to maintain a rule that allows an officer who was involved in a fatal shooting to be back on the streets four days after the incident , " Haberfeld said . A study by the Justice Department 's National Institute of Justice found that officers involved in fatal shootings can be affected for months afterward . "  In the days , weeks and months that follow a shooting , officers may suffer adverse reactions such as sleep interruption , anxiety and depression , " a report on the study said . Officers "  experienced a range of psychological , emotional and physiological reactions that distorted time , distance , sight and sound , " the study concluded . In some cases , the study found , officers could not recall firing their weapons . But even experts are undecided on just how much time off the street is enough , because every incident and every police officer is different . "  It 's hard for me to estimate whether it 's weeks or a little bit more , but certainly not days ; certainly not hours . It 's just too irresponsible toward the officer and toward the society the officer needs to serve , " Haberfeld said . Police officers across the country train on how to make difficult split-second decisions on the use of deadly force . The sheriff in neighboring Broward County uses an interactive video screen that places officers into scenarios they might face while on patrol . "  In less than half a second , your pulse may go from 60 to 160 , 170 , and your heart 's beating out of your chest , and you have to make a split-second decision , " Broward Sheriff 's Sgt. Bill Pennypacker said . Witnesses , police and surveillance video obtained by CNN provide the following , sometimes conflicting , accounts of what happened during the two Miami Beach shootings : Husien Shehada and his brother , Samer , had come from Virginia to spend a long weekend with their girlfriends in Miami Beach . Early on Sunday , June 14 , they got into a scuffle with another group of men , who intervened after Samer Shehada allegedly assaulted his girlfriend . Investigators said they believe that the two brothers were looking for revenge against those men when somebody called 911 , reporting that two men were walking down the street and that one of them might be carrying a machine gun . The callers said they could see the outline of a large gun underneath his white shirt , and he was carrying it in his left hand . In a color security camera tape released by the Miami Beach Police Department , it appears that one of the brothers was carrying something under his shirt , holding it with his left hand . Tavss and other officers approached the brothers in front of Twist , a popular South Beach nightclub . A grainy black and white videotape shows the brothers together and Husien Shehada falling to the ground . A police officer can then be seen approaching . Samer Shehada said he and his brother were cooperating . "  His hands were up for a good two seconds , three seconds , " Samer Shehada said . "  He was n't in the process of raising his hands . His hands were up . " One witness told CNN that when Tavss approached the brothers with his gun drawn , the brothers were belligerent . The witness , Derek Reynolds , was working security at the club that night . He said the two men cursed at police and would n't put their hands up . "  It got intense . ... They were n't cooperating , " he said . "  One guy reached behind him , and he got shot . " Law enforcement sources say a coat hanger and a bottle were found at the scene , but no gun was found . Samer Shehada said that neither he nor his brother was carrying a coat hanger , much less a gun . After the shooting , Tavss was relieved of duty for 72 hours , per department policy . When he returned to street patrol , he was one of several officers who responded to a 911 call reporting that that a taxi driver had been pistol-whipped and his cab stolen . Police confronted Lawrence McCoy on a Miami Beach causeway . According to police , McCoy ran and fired at the officers . McCoy was shot dead by police . It is not yet known whether Tavss fired any shots . John Contini , an attorney representing the families of both men shot by police , said McCoy was shot nine to 11 times . No weapon was found on McCoy . Police found a gun several days later in Biscayne Bay , but they say they do n't know if it belonged to McCoy . Lawrence McCoy Sr. said his son 's civil rights were violated . "  Michael Vick was convicted and put in jail for two years for killing dogs -- for killing dogs . I want justice for my son , " he said . Contini said Tavss should be in jail . He also questioned the policy that allowed him back on the street so quickly . "  In fairness to the officer , you do n't put him on the street , with a gun and a badge , to be in this situation without allowing for a period of decompression -- for the officer 's sake , to get some help , " Contini said .	Miami Beach police officer Adam Tavss is involved in two police shootings Second shooting happened on his first day back on street Questions are being raised as to whether he was cleared for duty too soon Miami Beach police chief decides when an officer is ready to return
London  CNN  -- It 's confirmed : Monty Python is n't quite dead yet -- unlike the Norwegian Blue parrot featured in a famous sketch . The British comedy troupe will perform live at London 's O2 arena on July 1 -- the five surviving stars ' first show on stage together since appearing at the Hollywood Bowl in September 1980 , the group announced Thursday . Tickets will go on sale on Monday , priced between Â # 27  $ 43  and Â # 90  $ 145  , with further details expected to be announced on the troupe 's website montyphythonlive.com . Member John Cleese said at a news conference Thursday that the show will have some new material , but it will have many old bits -- some featured in perhaps new ways -- that fans will expect . "  I remember going to the Royal Albert Hall and seeing Neil Diamond where he got booed in the second half for singing new numbers . People really do want to see the old hits , but we do n't want to do them exactly in a predictable way , so it 's going to be a mix-up , I think , " Cleese said . Opinion : Will Python humor still fly in 2013 ? Cleese , Michael Palin , Terry Gilliam , Terry Jones , Eric Idle and the late Graham Chapman became comedic legends with the creation of Monty Python 's Flying Circus in October 1969 . They produced 45 TV episodes for the BBC and five feature films together before going their separate ways in 1983 . The shows mostly consisted of a string of barely coherent sketches , often lacking conventional punch lines and loosely tied together by Gilliam 's stream of consciousness animations . Although the TV show ran for only four seasons , it proved a massive cult hit when it was shown in the United States beginning in 1974 -- just as the show was winding up on the other side of the Atlantic . The five survivors have a combined age of 357 , meaning that some of the more slapstick sketches , such as The "  Ministry of Silly Walks " could prove difficult for their aging bodies . But there may be more shows , "  depending on how long Eric and Mike live for . " Jones paid tribute to Chapman , who died in 1989 , saying , "  we 'll miss him a lot although he will be appearing with us on stage in films . " "  We 've told  Chapman  that he 'll be on . If there 's a God , he 'll turn up , " Idle added . CNN 's Susannah Cullinane , Peter and David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	Surviving Monty Python stars to reunite for a show in London next July Tickets will go on sale on Monday , priced from Â # 27 John Cleese says show will have some new material , but many old bits Monty Python troups produced 45 TV episodes and five feature films
CNN  -- The 86th Academy Awards are in the record books . Here are five things that struck us about Sunday 's broadcast : 1 . History for "  12 Years a Slave . " The subject matter -- the chronicle of a slave in 19th-century America -- was challenging , to say the least , more the stuff of educational documentaries than major motion pictures . Moreover , "  12 Years a Slave " did not turn away from the brutality noted in Solomon Northup 's memoir . It lacked a major star  except perhaps Brad Pitt in a small role  , was made by a black British director and starred a black British actor . But the searing film was rewarded with three Oscars Sunday night -- including the big prize , best picture . "  This is for all the people who have endured slavery , and the 21 million people who still endure slavery today , " director Steve McQueen said in his acceptance speech . 2 . The most tweeted photo ever . Barack Obama , move aside -- you 're now second to Ellen DeGeneres . During Sunday 's show , the comedian and Oscar host went into the audience to shoot a selfie featuring some of her famous friends . The resulting picture included DeGeneres , Jennifer Lawrence , Channing Tatum , Julia Roberts , Kevin Spacey , Brad Pitt , Angelina Jolie , Lupita Nyong ' o and her brother Junior , Meryl Streep , Bradley Cooper and Jared Leto 's eye .  Cooper took the picture .  The 2012 photo of Barack and Michelle Obama was retweeted more than 778,000 times . The Oscar picture had exceeded 2 million before 1 a.m. ET Monday -- and put a strain on the social media service for a short time . The motion picture academy apologized for the traffic jam -- though its apology was retweeted "  only " about 4,000 times . 3 . Lupita Nyong ` o 's "  golden statue . " There were few memorable speeches at Sunday 's awards , but newcomer Nyong ' o -- who won best supporting actress for "  12 Years a Slave " -- gave a standout . Paying tribute to Patsey , the enslaved woman she portrayed in the film , the 30-year-old actress at times struggled to keep her composure . "  It does n't escape me for one moment that so much joy in my life is because of so much pain in someone else 's , " she said . "  When I look down at this golden statue , may it remind me and every little child : No matter where you come from , your dreams are valid . " 4 . A big night for "  Gravity . " "  Gravity , " Alfonso Cuaron 's film about a space mission gone wrong , did n't win best picture , but it did the best by far of any nominated film , winning seven Oscars altogether . Though most were in technical categories , the film won a particularly sweet prize : best director for Cuaron , who spent four years putting his heart and soul into the technically demanding film , dazzling even the special-effects community . Cuaron is the first Latin American to win best director . One wonders what he 'll do next . Always restless , his films have included a story set on a dying Earth  "  Children of Men "  , a Harry Potter film  "  Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban "  , a moving drama set in modern Mexico  "  Y Tu Mama Tambien "  and an adaptation of a children 's classic  "  A Little Princess "  . Incidentally , there were two films with 10 nominations . "  Gravity " was one . The other ? "  American Hustle , " which went 0-for-10 . 5 . A tame and unsurprising show . For the most part , the Oscar prognosticators were right : With the possible exception of Nyong ` o , who beat Jennifer Lawrence for best supporting actress , all the winners were expected . Perhaps more surprising was the overall flatness of the show , which felt as sluggish as its 3Â 1/2 - hour running time . There were no spectacular song-and-dance numbers and few startling moments beyond Nyong ` o 's speech and Darlene Love 's impromptu performance of the gospel song "  His Eye Is on the Sparrow . " Even DeGeneres was n't always sharp . Her jokes were uneven , and some of her stunts -- notably an attempt to buy pizza for the audience -- did n't quite pay off . However , give the host credit : She 's got that record-setting selfie . As best actress winner Cate Blanchett might say to all the complainers , "  Suck it . " The list of winners	Despite obstacles , "  12 Years a Slave " takes Oscar 's big prize Ellen DeGeneres sets record for tweet with a star-studded selfie Best supporting actress winner Lupita Nyong ' o speech an Oscar standout
AOL Autos  -- Ever get the feeling the cops are driving a much cooler car than you ? Peter Falk 's Liutenant Columbo drove a Peugeot 403 to match his famously disheveled detective persona . For decades drivers have seen police officers cruise past in supremely cool cars from supercharged Mustangs to upgraded AMC Javelins and beyond , while modern police units often consist of high-powered Dodge Hemis and , in one incredible instance , a Lamborghini . Cops or detectives portrayed on TV and in the movies are no different , often driving fatter rides than the drug-dealers they pursue . But which are the coolest cop rides of all time , real or fictional ? Let 's take a look . Dodge Charger Hemi One of the original muscle cars favored by Blue Mountain moonshine and marijuana smugglers to outrun the boys in blue in the 1970s got a swift turnaround a couple years ago with Dodge 's earth-shattering introduction of the new Charger , its Hemi engine and its use by police forces across the nation . Officers generally compare it favorably with standard Crown Victoria vehicles and laud its performance and versatility  which I can vouch for having tested the stock R/T last year  ; upgrades for police use one include steering , brakes and idle-time chip . Almost all are 5.7-liter Hemi variants , which put out a whopping 368hp and top out at 170 mph . AOL Autos : Dodge Charger ` Knight Rider 's ' Ford Mustang GT500KR Forget David Hasselhof 's Speak-n-Spell-voiced Trans-Am , we 're talking serious muscle with Ford 's monstrous Ford Mustang GT500KR that featured in last year 's ill-fated reworking of "  Knight Rider , " a model I also ragged around Los Angeles port about this time last year  and was very careful not to attract the attention of harbor authorities  . The most powerful stock car Ford has built , the Shelby variant seethes and stomps its way to a mile a minute in about the same time as a Corvette but shades it for fun thanks to its astonishing 480lb-ft of torque at 4500rpm and solid-axle rear suspension that allows the back end to fly out on fantastic cop-car action sequences . Trivia : K.I.T.T. , the 1980s original smartcar , stands for Knight Industries Two-Thousand . AOL Autos : Ford Shelby GT500 Italian Police Lamborghini Gallardo Want to make the 424 miles from Turin to Rome in under three hours ? Italian police long ago caught on to the race-driver fanaticism of its citizenry thanks in large part to Ferrari -- and perhaps less so to Fiat -- and its polizia made sure they could keep up earlier this year by springing for a Lambo , perhaps the most incredible police vehicle on the planet . Alongside undeniable performance , this specially equipped supercar offers real-time wireless image-and-voice transmitting equipment and a natty cooler for storing crime scene evidence . Initial reports suggest the Gallardo 's reliability stands up to punishing police driving habits on Italian autostradas surprisingly well . AOL Autos : Lamborghini Gallardo Steve McQueen ` Bullitt ' Ford Mustang GT Long before the Cooler King was the main man to seek out at tailgate parties , Steve McQueen took the nickname and turned on a whole generation to the muscle of the Mustang in his 1968 GT 390 Fastback that bounced and careened around the streets of San Francisco , California , in perhaps the era 's coolest film , and one which regularly tops the charts of best car chase captured on celluloid . The film pioneered cutaway shots of McQueen , an avid rally driver , as he put the big-block pony through its paces in the 10-minute scene but , unusually for the King of Cool , the main star here was his car . Ford released a limited-edition Bullitt commemorative model in 2008 . AOL Autos : Ford Mustang Green Hornet 1966 Chrysler Crown Imperial With some suggesting a movie remake of the 1960s cult series is in the works , attention now focuses on what will take the place of the "  Green Hornet 's " 1966 Chrysler Crown Imperial , famously driven by Bruce Lee  in his role of Kato  . While the angular and rectangular Black Beauty pioneered gizmos like infrared lights , rocket launchers and flipper license plate more associated with Bond 's Aston Martin , it was always Lee and not Van Williams , the Hornet , who got the pleasure of tilting the car onto two wheels to get through narrow alleyways and other criminal hang-outs . Keep your eyes out for the latest movie developments , which may or may not -- but should -- include the famous line : "  Let 's roll , Kato ! " 1970s Pony Cars Judging by the huge rims and lowered suspensions on the Chevy Tahoes currently patrolling Santa Monica beachfront , police departments often like to drop a hint of style and attitude in their rides , too . In the 1970s , decade of Aviator sunglasses and massive sideburns , it was no different . Officers to this day talk about the series of high-performance police vehicles that includes Chevrolet Camaros , Ford Mustangs and the legendary AMC Javelin , all stock V8 power with upgraded brakes and steering that packed more muscles than Bubba in Cell Block D. Most of these specially built units topped out near 150 mph and were especially prized for their straight-line capabilities while an officer in pursuit bumped and nudged his target vehicle in a bid to force them off the road . AOL Autos : Chevy Camaro "  Miami Vice " Ferrari Testarossa The ultimate in machismo cool in its day , though now considered slightly cheeseball , Crockett and Tubbs defined 1980s New Wave slick with their boss combo of boats , ` Bans and Miami Beach swagger . Though the Daytona Spyder 365 driven by the dynamic detectives in the first two series was a kit car replica of various Ferrari panels and equipment bolted onto a Corvette chassis , the twin Testarossas that feature in the later series were donated by Enzo Ferrari , a fan of the show  with an obvious gift for marketing  . The Testarossa would go on to define the Ferrari brand in United States in the 1980s , while a strange breed of setose men in linen suits with no socks can still be spotted in corners of Ford Lauderdale to this day . In director Michael Mann 's 2006 movie , the Testarossa morphs into a suitably stylish F430 . Magnum PI 308GTS As if Don Johnson was n't enough 1980s for one list , we add Tom Selleck to the mix in his role as "  Magnum P.I. " without forgetting how much Selleck 's silky mustache and coiff did for sales of his trademark targa Ferrari 308GTS in the States . Mid-engined and with the smaller wheelbase common to Ferrari 's of the period , 308s sold in record numbers for Ferraris and can still be seen on roads today , indicating that Scaglietti build quality can withstand some serious highway pounding that belies its lightweight fiberglass frame . Selleck steered his on the mean streets of Hawaii , tracking criminals in his role as a private investigator . Not a police vehicle , you say ? Selleck 's mustache qualifies him as an honorary police officer in my book any day . Columbo 's Peugeot 403 "  And one more thing ... " wraps up our list with Peter Falk 's Liutenant Columbo reveling in a dilapidated Peugeot banger to match his famously disheveled detective persona . France 's finest prancing lion , a 1.5 liter four-cylinder that put out a mere 68hp , was a perfect fit with Falk 's seemingly slow-witted persona that ultimately always got his man in the end . Similarly , the 403 , which Columbo delighted in driving the drop-top variant , was a vital cog in Peugeot 's dominance of its domestic and European market with a series of idiosyncratic cars beloved by their followers but which remained a Columbo-esque mystery to their detractors . I had the pleasure of driving an excellent Peugeot 307 cabriolet next to a vintage 403 at a motor show in Europe a couple years back , and felt a slight pang that I was n't wearing a shabby raincoat to match . Blues Brothers Interceptor Mashup Everyone knows the Blues Mobile -- Jake and Elwood 's 1974 Dodge Monaco in "  The Blues Brothers " movie -- but few know where all the cop cars famously smashed to pieces in the film came from . Paul Anderson , a journalist in Los Angeles , says it was his dad , also Paul , a Chicago , Illinois , police radio engineer who was tasked with fixing up the Dodge Polaras and Monacos wrecked in the film  with the Chicago city council spurred into action by the possibility of Steven Spielberg and John Landis coming to their city to make a big-budget movie  . He once recounted to Paul : "  I just remember one day my boss , the lieutenant who always gave me a hard time , came to me and pointed to the auto graveyard where all the out-of-service squad cars were and said , ` See all those cars ? Your job is to get them started . ' I said , ` Are you kidding ? ' " Paul adds : " -LSB- My Dad -RSB- had a savant-like ability to rescue beaters from near-death experiences . When the movie came out , he went to see it like everyone else and he could remember each and every one of those cars . "	Officers laud the Dodge Charger Hemi 's performance and versatility Italian Police often drive the Lamborghini Gallardo Paul Anderson found police cars to smash up in Blue Brothers film Detectives drive Daytona Spyder 365 in the first two "  Miami Vice " series
The Senate voted Wednesday to avert at least one chronic Washington political crisis for more than a year . With a snowstorm bearing down on the capital , it approved a House-passed measure that allows the government to borrow more money to pay its bills through March 2015 . President Barack Obama signaled that he would sign the legislation , so the Senate vote was the last hurdle to resolving the debt ceiling issue until after the November congressional elections . "  I 'm pleased that Republicans and Democrats in Congress have come together to pay for what they 've already spent , and remove the threat of default from our economy once and for all , " Obama said in a statement , adding that he hoped "  this puts an end to politics by brinkmanship . " Wednesday 's result was a blow to tea party conservatives who oppose any kind of increase in federal borrowing . Filibuster denied Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , a leader of the GOP tea party wing , mounted a filibuster attempt to force a 60-vote threshold for proceeding on the debt ceiling measure . However , a dozen Republicans , including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , joined Democrats to overcome the filibuster on a 67-31 procedural vote that avoided another politically damaging legislative impasse over spending . The Democratic-controlled Senate then gave final approval by a 55-43 margin on strict party lines , with McConnell and the other Republicans who helped overcome the filibuster voting against the measure to reduce their political risk . "  We got a good outcome , " said GOP Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , one of the 12 who helped defeat the filibuster but then opposed the measure on the final vote . Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said last week the debt ceiling must be raised by February 27 , or the nation would risk a technical default . After Wednesday 's Senate votes , Lew said the debt ceiling plan along with a recent budget agreement and spending bill "  will provide certainty and stability to businesses and financial markets and should add momentum to the economic growth forecasted in 2014 . " To Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York , the defeat of the filibuster bid by Cruz signaled that "  the American political world is moving in our direction . " "  Republicans are trying to put tea party politics in the rear view mirror , " he said . After the House and Senate consideration of the politically charged matter , Obama added that the "  full faith and credit of the United States is too important to use as leverage or a tool for extortion . " Cruz sticks to his guns Cruz , however , was unapologetic . "  Today 's vote is yet another example that establishment politicians from both parties are simply not listening to the American people , " he said . "  Outside the beltway , Americans of all political stripes understand that we can not keep spending money we do n't have . " With Congress on break next week for the President 's Day holiday , failure to pass the debt ceiling measure Wednesday would have brought the nation close enough to the deadline to possibly shake financial markets . On Tuesday , the GOP-controlled House passed the debt-ceiling measure on a 221-201 vote , with only 28 Republicans supporting it compared to the 199 who opposed it . Meanwhile , 193 Democrats backed the measure with only two voting "  no . " The House vote followed an internal Republican fight over efforts to attach deficit reduction provisions to the debt-limit legislation . Obama and Democrats rejected any attempt to negotiate on the issue , which previously led to political brinkmanship that caused the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating in 2011 . In the end , House Speaker John Boehner gave up efforts to link the measure to a provision repealing a cut in some military pension benefits . The Ohio Republican allowed a vote on a "  clean " bill demanded by Democrats and despised by conservatives . The shift by Boehner evoked rare praise for the speaker from the Senate 's top Democrat . "  It is encouraging that some of my Republican colleagues seem to be regaining their grip on sanity this week , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Wednesday before the Senate vote . GOP change in tactics Until it happened , House Republicans insisted that any increase in the borrowing limit had to come attached to deficit-reduction provisions . At a closed-door meeting on Monday , they discussed a plan to increase the debt ceiling until March 2015 -- past the upcoming congressional elections in November -- while also repealing cuts to military pensions that were part of the recently passed federal budget . Less than 18 hours later , though , Boehner told reporters the GOP proposal could n't pass because "  we do n't have 218 votes . " Some conservatives oppose raising the debt ceiling under any circumstance , while Democrats had made it clear they would unanimously reject any measure that tacked other provisions onto an increase in the borrowing limit . Without a purely Republican majority , Boehner decided to split up the GOP plan by holding separate votes on repealing the military pension cuts and a clean debt ceiling increase . The House easily passed the military pension measure earlier on Tuesday , then passed the clean debt ceiling legislation . Both Boehner and his top deputy -- House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia -- were among the 28 Republicans who supported the measure . On Wednesday , the Senate also passed the military pension measure after the votes on the debt ceiling legislation . Republicans facing pressure from conservatives ahead of the November vote were reluctant to back any kind of hike in the borrowing limit , a core issue for the political right because it represents rising federal debt . Boehner blames Obama Despite his support for the proposal , Boehner put the blame for needing a "  clean " debt-ceiling bill with no deficit reduction provisions on Obama , saying the rising federal debt was his fault . "  It 's the President driving up the debt and the President wanted to do nothing about the debt that 's occurring , will not engage in our long-term spending problem , " Boehner said . "  And so , let his party give him the debt ceiling increase that he wants . " At the same time , Boehner declared himself disappointed about what he called a "  lost opportunity " to address unsustainable federal spending . Republicans across the ideological spectrum agree that another round of political brinkmanship could harm their party after it got blamed for October 's federal government shutdown . A recent CNN/ORC International poll found that 54 % of respondents would blame congressional Republicans for a failure to raise the debt ceiling , while 29 % would blame Obama and 12 % would blame both .	Senate also approves measure to repeal cuts to military pension benefits 12 Republicans join Democrats to defeat a filibuster bid by Sen. Ted Cruz Under the measure , no debt ceiling showdown until 2015 at the earliest Obama signals he 'll sign bill , says he hopes it ends "  politics by brinkmanship "
SMYRNA , Georgia  CNN  -- A week before the start of the new school year , principal Denise Magee roamed the hallways of Campbell Middle School in Smyrna , Georgia , preparing for battle . Middle-school principal Denise Magee says a best-case scenario would be a school year without bullying . The adversary ? Preteen and teenage bullies . Toting anti-bullying posters and masking tape , Magee was determined to let students see from Day One that she had a zero-tolerance policy when it came to that kind of harassment . "  Middle-school kids are just cruel to each other , " Magee said . "  They speak their minds , so you see bullying in the form of teasing , taunting , social isolation and name calling . " The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services estimated that 30 percent of all children in grades six through 10 have been bullied or have bullied other children during a school year . Clinical psychologist Mark Crawford of Roswell , Georgia , called the statistics unacceptable . "  Bullying is not a rite of passage , " he said . "  It always has a bad outcome . " Crawford said several times a month he hears complaints from young patients who are victims of bullies . And he worried about the consequences . "  Kids who are bullied are at greater risk of physical symptoms , physical complaints , emotional problems and academic underachievement . " Parenting expert Stacey DeBroff , author of "  The Mom Book , " cautioned that bullying often occurs in places that are n't monitored by adults , such as a walking route to and from school , a corner of a playground and the Internet . She warned mothers and fathers to be on the lookout for signs a child is being bullied . "  When you see signs of being anxious , sad and withdrawn , of having a kid move off their typical personality , it alerts you that something is going on . " Crawford noted that some of those symptoms can be attributed to typical adolescent behavior , but he added , "  When you see a real change in a child 's personality or their normal routine , it 's a bad sign . " Health Minute : Watch more on defeating bullies " He also conceded that some children wo n't open up to their parents about bullying . "  One of the reasons kids do n't tell their parents they are being bullied is the fear that their parents will run in and do something about it and they think that will make it worse . " DeBroff agreed that it is tempting for some parents to rush in to solve the problem by calling the bully 's parents . "  You often know them , your kids have been in school together , you feel like calling them up ... so they 're on the defensive and really it 's never a point of resolution . " Crawford said that it 's important to do your homework before attempting to resolve the situation . He encouraged parents to talk with their child first and get them to open up about what 's happening . "  You need to find out when it is happening , where it is happening and exactly what is going on , " he said . When elementary age children are involved , Crawford recommended parents intervene more quickly . "  Younger kids have a limited arsenal from which to draw , " he said . "  They do n't necessarily know how to be more assertive . " Middle-school students may want to have some control over the situation , according to Crawford . In that case , he said it might be a good idea to go over possible scenarios and options that will help them put a stop to the bullying . DeBroff said it is important to ask for help from a teacher or school administrator . "  They want to know about it because it ripples into the classrooms and places that are n't visible to them . " Magee , the middle-school principal , agreed . "  I do not want parents to leave us out of the scenario , " she said . "  I want them to immediately contact us . " But be judicious , she urged . Some parents can inflame the situation . "  You will encounter situations where parents will tell their kids , ` If you are hit , I want you to hit back . ' " Experts point out it is important for parents to keep emotions in check and to not encourage a child to hit back or retaliate . Instead , DeBroff suggested parents become strategic advisers to their child and help them avoid bullying situations . In a couple of weeks , after her students get settled , Magee plans to hold grade-level meetings about her school 's anti-bullying policy . In the meantime , she remained optimistic and hoped this school year will be different . "  The best-case scenario as local school principal ? We are bullyproof , fully free of any bully incidents , that we are truly here with academic focus , no fighting , no teasing , no name calling , none of that . We 're here to learn . "	HHS estimate : 30 percent of all kids grades 6-10 are bullied or have bullied annually Bullying usually occurs in places not monitored by adults Symptoms : personality changes , especially anxiety , sadness , withdrawal Expert : Calling the bully 's parents "  never a point of resolution "
CNN  -- Authorities have arrested a man they say was the leader of a kidnapping cell responsible for kidnapping , raping and torturing victims along the U.S.-Mexico border . Serafin Medina-Angel was arrested at his home in Tijuana , Mexico , on September 1 , according to a Monday statement from U.S. Customs and Border Protection  CBP  . He is accused of kidnapping Mexican citizens attempting to cross into the United States from Mexico . His victims were tortured and raped while accomplices tried to collect ransoms from their families , CBP said . Medina-Angel was arraigned last week and charged with three counts of kidnapping , the statement said . Many migrants moving through Mexico on their way to the United States are victims of violence along the border , but the journey is perilous from the moment it begins . The danger has grown as Mexico 's drug gangs expand their reach . Slayings frighten Ciudad Juarez bus drivers , commuters Mexico arrests ` Ugly Betty , ' alleged leader of New Juarez Cartel CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Serafin Medina-Angel was arrested in Tijuana , Mexico , on September 1 He is accused of targeting Mexican citizens on their way to the United States Medina-Angel is charged with three counts of kidnapping
CNN  -- Four young boys died Wednesday after the Gaza beach where they were playing was attacked by Israeli forces . A pair of explosions in what had been nine days of relentless bombings between the two countries are to blame . The boys had been told to stay indoors . And as children tend to do , they disobeyed their parents to play on the beach where they had always been safe before . But there is no such thing as safe when enemy fire lands across your border for more than a week . They were too young to know that being a civilian provides no cover from an explosion . That war has no clean lines . This is why , as our hearts weep over the death of these innocent children -- some as young as 9 -- it would be good for us to take this time to reconsider our own fantasies about the supposed clean lines of the military strikes our own country launches . The U.S. may be justified in attacking an enemy  just as Israel is justified in protecting itself and its children  but it does n't always just hurt its enemies . The United States has killed its share of little boys on the beach as well , so let us look at the photos from Gaza and remember : Sometimes we 're Israel . It 's an uncomfortable thought . As a public we prefer to talk about military strikes more than we like to see what happens because of them . The hardest part about being an American citizen of the world is banishing our willful blindness . Intuitively we know innocents die by American hands . But to sleep better at night , we choose not to see the ugliness that goes into "  protecting American interests " or keeping our gas cheap . To hold the President and Congress accountable for the military action they authorize on our behalf requires us to care . And caring that much can be exhausting . I find myself wondering : How many children have we left face down in the sand in my lifetime ? In 2002 , a U.S. helicopter mistakenly bombed a house full of wedding guests in Afghanistan , killing more than 30 , including children . The Guardian reported one little girl , Paliko , was brought to the hospital still wearing her party dress . Her entire family had been killed in the attack . This is what war looks like -- still . The world 's weaponry is more sophisticated but the carnage has n't changed . Just our willingness to see it . There are times in which military strikes can not be avoided and in those times we should mourn . Homes will be destroyed . Families will lose loved ones . Children will one day go outside to play and they may never come home . It 's not just the U.S. and its allies whose military strikes end up hitting children . In Syria two dozen children were killed when bombs fell on their elementary school in April . The U.N. says , in fact , that some 10,000 children have been killed in that country 's civil war . Yesterday four young boys , all cousins , none older than 11 , went outside to play hide and seek on a beach in Gaza . Now their parents are having funerals . One boy had part of his leg blown off and was severely burned , according to The New York Times . Nearby a smaller one with curly hair laid motionless in the sand . When you look at the pictures from this tragedy -- the beautiful blue water , waves in the distance racing to shore -- one can only imagine what a wonderful day it must 've been for them . The smiles . Laughter . And then nothing . This , too , is war . And I must remember not to allow proximity to dictate my reaction to the loss of life , especially life so young . When our newspapers and televisions were flooded with horrific images from the Vietnam War , we responded passionately . We do n't show the gruesome images and dead bodies like that anymore , and culturally we have grown apathetic . Politicians mock diplomacy or talk about airstrikes in the same tones in which you ask your spouse to pick up milk from the store . We must remember Paliko , think about the four little boys on the beach , consider the countless other children whose blood still stains our well-meaning but sometimes clumsy hands . The photo of a man carrying a lifeless young body through the sand struck a nerve for many of us around the country . I pray going forward that visceral response continues to be the country 's reaction whenever we hear talk of war from our politicians . In war there are no clean lines . There are no safe beaches to play on . There is no safety . In 2012 , a U.S. Army sergeant walked more than a mile from his base late one night and killed 16 unarmed Afghans , nine of them children , in their homes . His attorney said the officer suffered a mental breakdown while serving the last of his four deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan . He was sentenced to life in prison while the victim 's families serve out a different kind of life sentence . This is all part of war . And it 's as horrible as it sounds .	LZ Granderson : 4 boys killed while playing on Gaza beach attacked by Israeli forces LZ : We weep , but should consider : U.S. has inflicted this kind of collateral damage , too He says we tend not to feel responsible for distant carnage inflicted for U.S. interests LZ : We should remember our visceral reaction today next time our politicians beat war drums
Lynchburg , Virginia  CNN  -- Cassandra Morton never became a household name like some of the other women . Not like Morgan Harrington . Or Hannah Graham . Even for the people in the historically black Tinbridge Hill neighborhood of Lynchburg , where sense of community and oral history thrive , memories of Morton are hazy . "  Was n't she the girl whose body they found up on the mountain ? " people ask . Morton went missing on October 10 , 2009 . Several weeks later , a hiker discovered the 23-year-old 's decomposed body on Candlers Mountain , near Camp Hydaway , a retreat owned by Jerry Falwell 's Liberty University . Lynchburg police and the Campbell County Sheriff 's Office hunted for Morton 's killer in vain . A year after her death , authorities admitted their leads had gone cold . As the years wore on , Morton 's family learned to live without knowing who committed this heinous act . Or why she was robbed of life . Their hope of learning the truth diminished with time . Until recently . One night last month , University of Virginia student Hannah Graham disappeared after going out with friends . The arrest of a suspect in that case has prompted authorities to take another look at Morton 's death and several other unsolved cases of women who were murdered , raped or went missing . Police have charged Jesse L. Matthew Jr. with abduction with the intent to defile in Graham 's disappearance . They said forensic evidence also links Matthew to at least two other cases : the death of Morgan Harrington , whose body was discovered in Albemarle County in 2010 , and a 2005 rape of a 26-year-old woman in Fairfax City . Matthew was also accused of a 2002 rape at Liberty University in Lynchburg , though charges were not pressed . The Campbell County Sheriff 's Office is investigating any possible connection between Matthew and Morton . Sheriff Steve Hutcherson declined further comment on an ongoing investigation . The result of all this has been that suddenly , almost five years after her death , Morton 's face is all over the media again . It has meant torture , all over again , for her mother , Catherine Morton . She again felt the kind of shock that jolted her when police showed up at her doorstep several days after Thanksgiving 2009 . They showed her a photograph of the body . She recognized her daughter 's moccasins and beige jacket . They told her they had matched Cassandra 's dental records to the body that was discovered . Catherine fell to the floor . "  She has n't been right ever since , " says her husband and Cassandra 's stepfather , Rawleigh Myers . Police seize cab of man linked to 2009 death Overshadowed by a ` damsel in distress ' ? Cassandra Morton 's cremated remains rest in an urn her mother keeps by her bed . It 's a constant reminder of the daughter she lost ; a reminder that her killer remains unpunished . Every morning , Catherine Morton prays for her daughter 's soul . She takes comfort in knowing that 250 people showed up at her daughter 's funeral at the Tree of Life Ministries a few blocks up the road from her rented duplex on Campbell Avenue . She swallows eight or nine pills a day to treat her depression and hypertension . There 's not much she can do about the anger that rises within . Why did her daughter 's death not make national headlines like Graham or Harrington ? Why did no one from the state come to help her in her hour of grief and pain ? Morton 's death was never big news . And it was always overshadowed by news about Harrington , who went missing six days after Morton vanished . In fact , when Morton 's body was discovered , some headlines wondered if it might be that of Harrington , whose parents had been vocal from the first day about their daughter 's strange disappearance from a Metallica concert at the University of Virginia campus in Charlottesville . They appeared on television and created a website to seek justice for their daughter . "  There 's been so much publicity about Morgan , about Hannah , " Myers says . He is blind in his left eye and suffers from high blood pressure . He used to work for the school system , then performed odd jobs here and there . But these days , he and Catherine Morton barely survive by collecting disability . "  The Harringtons can afford a reward to find their daughter 's killer , " he says , sitting on a small front porch cluttered with things . "  We 're poor and black . Nobody cares . " His stepdaughter , Myers says , did n't fit the profile of missing women who make headlines . Like Elizabeth Smart , Laci Peterson and Natalee Holloway . Or Harrington and Graham . "  It 's hard to deny that race has something to do with the fact that attractive young white women get vastly more coverage when they disappear , " says A. Barton Hinkle , an editorial writer at the Richmond Times-Dispatch , who wrote about the so-called Missing White Woman Syndrome in a recent column . The Washington Post 's Eugene Robinson first described the media fascination in a 2005 column in which he described "  Damsels in Distress . " "  A damsel must be white . This requirement is nonnegotiable . It helps if her frame is of dimensions that breathless cable television reporters can credibly describe as ` petite , ' and it also helps if she 's the kind of woman who would n't really mind being called ` petite , ' a woman with a good deal of princess in her personality . She must be attractive -- also nonnegotiable . Her economic status should be middle class or higher , but an exception can be made in the case of wartime . "  Put all this together , and you get 24-7 coverage , " Robinson wrote . "  The disappearance of a man , or of a woman of color , can generate a brief flurry , but never the full damsel treatment . " Similar comments were made in Cleveland , after the bodies of 11 black women were found in a "  house of horrors " in 2009 . "  In all their coverage , sympathetic as it may be , the -LSB- Cleveland -RSB- Plain Dealer never raises the bigger issue . What made these women such easy targets was being black , being women and being from the highly segregated and desperately poor east side of Cleveland , " Angie Schmitt , founding editor of Rust Wire , wrote a year after the bodies were discovered . "  Nobody was going to tear up the city looking for a few black women from the east side with sketchy pasts . " Justice for everyone ? Morton grew up in and around Lynchburg one of three siblings . Her parents separated , and when Catherine Morton married Myers about 12 years ago , he embraced her as his own . Myers never had much contact with his own daughter from a previous relationship ; Cassandra filled that void . He loved to hear her call him "  Daddy . " Myers adjusts the baseball cap hugging his head . "  Relax , " it says . "  God is in control . " But he is far from relaxed talking about Cassandra . Catherine Morton decided she had had enough of journalists after Graham 's case made the news . She had agreed to speak with me but changed her mind . She makes it clear she 's upset her daughter 's name has been dredged up again . She tells her husband to "  keep it short . " But Meyers wants to talk . He wants to keep Cassandra 's memory alive . At a vigil last year organized by "  Help Save The Next Girl , " a group started by Harrington 's parents , Myers spoke publicly about Cassandra . "  She was loved , " he told the crowd , among them the families of nine Virginia women whose cases remain unresolved . Myers says his stepdaughter was n't perfect . She had fallen in and out of trouble , moved from one home to another . She was arrested in 2005 for theft . The photo that was used in newspapers and television when she went missing was , ironically , a police mug shot . She dabbled with drugs and men , Meyers says . She got pregnant and gave birth to two daughters . She was supposed to check into a rehabilitation facility two days after she went missing . She did not fit the picture of the all-American girl next door . But that , says her family , does n't mean she should go without justice . Authorities have not said anything about the evidence they have on Matthew . Cassandra Morton 's family has no idea whether she , Hannah Graham and Morgan Harrington are linked in some chilling way . They know only this : For the first time in years , they harbor hope again of learning the truth , however brutal that might be .	Almost five years after her body was found , Cassandra Morton 's name is in the news again Police are investigating if there is a connection between Morton and a suspect in other cases Morton 's death was overshadowed by the disappearance of Morgan Harrington Morton 's stepfather says Cassandra did n't fit the profile of missing women who make headlines
CNN  -- The next time the Avengers assemble , it 'll be to face off with James Spader . The actor has been cast as the formidable foe Ultron in the next "  Avengers " movie , Marvel announced Thursday . Written and directed by Joss Whedon , "  The Avengers : Age of Ultron " will show a more humanized -- but just as fearsome -- villain , Whedon told Entertainment Weekly . In the Marvel universe , Ultron is a sentient robot that has an incredibly wide range of abilities , coming equipped with super-speed , super-strength , flight , mind control and a coma ray , to name a few . Whedon 's Ultron wo n't be quite as versatile , and the filmmaker is imagining a less robotic bad guy . "  I knew right away what I wanted to do with him , " Whedon , as an admitted fan of Ultron 's , has said . "  He 's always trying to destroy the Avengers ... he 's got a bee in his bonnet . He 's not a happy guy , which means he 's an interesting guy . He 's got pain . And the way that manifests is not going to be standard robot stuff . So we 'll take away some of those powers because at some point everybody becomes magic , and I already have someone  a new character , Scarlet Witch  who 's a witch . " We trust Whedon knows what he 's doing -- this is the same guy who wrote and directed the third highest-grossing film of all time , 2012 's "  The Avengers . " "  The Avengers : Age of Ultron " will debut on May 1 , 2015 . In the meantime , Spader will be on the small-screen as well : The three-time Emmy winner stars in NBC 's "  The Blacklist , " which premieres September 23 .	James Spader has been cast as the villain in the upcoming "  Avengers " movie The actor will face-off against the Marvel heroes as Ultron "  The Avengers : The Age of Ultron " will arrive on May 1 , 2015
CNN  -- In Chicago , thousands of public school teachers and support staff represented by the Chicago Teachers Union have walked off their jobs after reaching an impasse in contract talks with the city . Last month , 780 machinists at a Caterpillar Inc. parts plant in Joliet , Illinois , voted to end their three and a half month strike , accepting a six-year contract that contained almost all of the concessions the company demanded . These contemporary disputes hide a dramatic historical fact : The strike has almost disappeared from American life . The numbers are stark . During the 1970s , an average of 289 major work stoppages involving 1,000 or more workers occurred annually in the United States . By the 1990s , that had fallen to about 35 per year . And in 2009 , there were no more than five . The decline in strikes can not be explained solely by declining union membership . According to a study by sociologist Jake Rosenfeld , unionization among private-sector full-time employees fell by 40 % between 1984 and 2002 . But the drop in total strike frequency was even greater , falling by more than two-thirds . What has happened to the strike , and what does it mean ? Since the 1970s , the forces of economic globalization and technological changes have put increasing pressure on employers and employees . Neither of those forces by themselves , however , requires the disappearance of either unions or strikes , as is shown by the example of other industrialized nations such as Canada , Britain , Australia and many European countries . Rather , the most important difference in the U.S. experience has been a profound change in the legal and institutional order governing labor relations and workers ' rights . We have essentially gone back to a pre-New Deal era of workplace governance . Before the 1930s , American unions confronted a legal environment that historians have described as "  judicial repression . " During that time , federal courts repeatedly struck down workers ' rights to organize and act collectively , making unions themselves all but illegal . In 1935 , the National Labor Relations Act  NLRA  created a process for legally recognizing union representation and managing private-sector labor conflict . The result was historic democratization of the American workplace and economy . The strike was a crucial part of this system : While the law was intended to reduce industrial strife , it also relied on the right to strike to protect the integrity of the bargaining process . The prospect of economic sanctions served to push both employers and employees to compromise and negotiate their way toward a peaceful agreement . Thus , the right to strike was explicitly protected in the language of the NLRA and affirmed by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1960 . From the beginning , though , employers gained a crucial advantage . In 1938 , the Supreme Court ruled that while workers could not be fired for striking , they could be "  permanently replaced , " a distinction with little difference in reality . For much of the post-World War II period , employers generally accepted unions in sectors where they were already established . But in 1981 , President Ronald Reagan summarily fired the striking federal air traffic controllers . Reagan 's actions announced a critical turn in the federal government 's attitude toward workers ' rights . As a result , employers quickly adopted more aggressive tactics against unions and their strikes . Decades of conservative federal court and NLRB decisions have now turned the law upside down . For example , in 1983 the Supreme Court allowed permanent replacements to sue their employer if they were dismissed in favor of returning strikers , making a negotiated settlement of such strikes much more difficult . In 1989 , the court ruled that the federal Railway Labor Act governing transportation unions did not require employers to lay off employees who crossed picket lines in order to reinstate more senior strikers after an economic strike . That case brought a blistering dissent from Justice William Brennan , who found no basis for the court to favor crossover workers "  unless it is perhaps an unarticulated hostility towards strikes . " At the bargaining table , the threat of replacement dovetails with legal rules that give management unilateral power to impose its last offer on declaration of impasse . As labor law scholar Ellen Dannin notes , the NLRB issued a series of decisions under the Reagan administration that lowered the number of bargaining sessions needed to show impasse , reduced the obligation to provide information to the union and gave employers freer rein to seek concessions , including total discretion in wages . These decisions have made it easier for employers to reach impasse and then implement their desired terms and conditions . The previous mechanisms that once encouraged settlement are now reversed : Managers have incentive to reach impasse quickly and terminate bargaining , while unions often must scramble simply to avoid deadlock . Disputes over impasse and implementation have featured in many high-profile labor struggles of recent years , involving Caterpillar , Bridgestone-Firestone , the Detroit News and major league sports . Even profitable employers can make extraordinary demands , and increasingly firms have chosen to lock out their workers and operate with replacements , as the National Football League is doing with its unionized referees . In effect , we have returned to a policy of judicial repression . The government may no longer send in troops , but ruinous legal and financial penalties threaten unions that go beyond tight restrictions on collective action . For some , the disappearance of strikes may seem like a good thing , an end to the disruptions and occasional inconvenience they may cause . But there are more serious consequences to the loss of workers ' rights to organize and to strike . The decline of unionization has contributed to the rise of economic inequality in the U.S. over the past several decades . More than that , it also signals a historic de-democratization of the institutions that traditionally served to hold corporations accountable and govern our working life , from the scope of collective bargaining on the job to the protection for workers ' rights under the law . "  This is a difficult decision for all of us to make , " said union President Karen Lewis about the Chicago teachers ' call for a strike . Work stoppages involve real sacrifices , not least of all from the striking workers . For the sake of our economic and political future , however , America would be better off if we had more strikes . Chicago parents : What are you doing to keep your kids busy ? Share your story with CNN iReport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Rhomberg .	In Chicago , public school teachers are set to go on strike Chris Rhomberg : The strike has mostly disappeared from American life He says declining union membership is n't the only reason ; the laws have changed Rhomberg : Weakening of rights to organize and to strike has serious consequences
CNN  -- The show "  Archer " has decided to use some levity to deal with a name that is far from funny these days . The adult animated FX series focuses on operative Sterling Malory Archer  voiced by actor H. Jon Benjamin  , who works for the New York-based International Secret Intelligence Service , or ISIS . Given the negative connotation now attached to the name , the Daily Beast reports that it will be phased out when the show returns in January . Creator Adam Reed said he and the executive producers Casey Willis and Matt Thompson decided that the name will go away in the first show of season 6 . Reed said he suspected it might become an issue as the terrorist group the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria began to make headlines . "  Back in season 5 , FX said , ` This might be a thing , ' and I thought , ` Maybe it wo n't be ? Maybe it 'll be the mole that I 'm gon na ignore and nothing will happen , ' " he told the Daily Beast . "  We got sort of lucky and could organically make a merger with the CIA , so we went back and retroactively painted out the ISIS logos in parts of the show , and we just do n't talk about it in dialogue . " Fans will see two movers pushing out the large circular blue ISIS sign while spy Malory Archer  voiced by veteran actress Jessica Walter  explains to her son that they now work for the CIA . "  It 's just the most awful thing , and we did n't want to have anything to do with it , " Thompson said . "  There were people online saying that we should address it and say , ` Oh , I ca n't believe these guys have co-opted our name . ' That 's the way ` South Park ' would do it , coming after them and saying , ` These a ** holes stole our name , ' but that 's not the way the Archer universe works , where it 's all our own creations . In our universe , they do n't exist . " See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	ISIS is the name of Archer 's employer on the show It will be changed for season 6 Producer called it "  the most awful thing "
CNN  Michael Douglas ' son Dylan had a run-in with anti-Semitism -- and the actor wants to do something about it . In an opinion column for the Los Angeles Times , the producer and "  Wall Street " Oscar winner described an incident last summer in an unidentified country in "  southern Europe . " The older of his two children with actress Catherine Zeta-Jones , 14-year-old Dylan , came to his father in tears . "  A man at the pool had started hurling insults at him , " Douglas writes . It was n't because of anything Dylan did , he continued : "  Suddenly I had an awful realization of what might have caused the man 's outrage : Dylan was wearing a Star of David . " Douglas went to talk to the man -- "  it was not a pleasant discussion , " he writes -- and the incident has stayed in his mind . The 70-year-old actor , who was raised by a Jewish father , Kirk Douglas , and a non-Jewish mother , said he did n't identify as Jewish while growing up but noticed anti-Semitic remarks others made . "  With little knowledge of what it meant to be a Jew , I found myself passionately defending the Jewish people . Now , half a century later , I have to defend my son , " he writes . "  Anti-Semitism , I 've seen , is like a disease that goes dormant , flaring up with the next political trigger . " Douglas , who is also a United Nations messenger of peace , observes that anti-Semitism has been on the rise due to a number of factors , including income inequality , religious extremism and hatred of Israel . "  Some find Jews to be a convenient scapegoat rather than looking at the real source of their problems , " he says . He praises leaders such as Pope Francis , French Prime Minister Manuel Valls and Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York for their efforts at reconciliation and community-building . But it is n't enough , he adds . "  All of us " must fight anti-Semitism , he says . "  If we confront anti-Semitism whenever we see it , if we combat it individually and as a society , and use whatever platform we have to denounce it , we can stop the spread of this madness , " he writes . "  My son is strong . He is fortunate to live in a country where anti-Semitism is rare . But now he too has learned of the dangers that he as a Jew must face . It 's a lesson that I wish I did n't have to teach him , a lesson I hope he will never have to teach his children . " Douglas received the 2015 Genesis Prize for "  exceptional people whose values and achievements will inspire the next generation of Jews . "	Michael Douglas ' son was insulted at a pool because of his Judaism Douglas warns that anti-Semitism is on the rise The award-winning actor wants more action to "  confront anti-Semitism "
Chicago  CNN  -- Two suspects who appeared in court in Cook County , Illinois , on Sunday are not believed to be part of an alleged terror plot in Chicago during the NATO summit , prosecutors said Sunday . Instead , charges against the two arose from "  related investigations , " authorities said . Three men had previously been charged in the NATO plot , with authorities saying they planned to target President Barack Obama 's campaign headquarters , the home of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and several other law enforcement and financial sites . On Sunday , the Cook County State 's Attorney 's Office said it had "  approved charges against two additional individuals in connection with the ongoing NATO investigation . " Obama , Karzai meet at NATO summit Sebastian Senakiewicz , 24 , of Chicago , is charged with falsely making a terrorist threat , prosecutors said in a statement . Mark Neiweem , 28 , also believed to be from Chicago , is charged with attempted possession of explosives or incendiary devices . But prosecutors later clarified , "  While the cases that were charged in court today arose from related investigations , the two defendants are not charged with any involvement in the terrorist case from yesterday , and today 's cases are separate matters . The two defendants  Senakiewicz and Neiweem  ... each face their own charges arising from separate incidents . " The two appeared in court Sunday . Bond was set at $ 750,000 for Senakiewicz and $ 500,000 for Neiweem , and both men are set to next appear in Cook County Circuit Court on Wednesday . It was not immediately known whether the two had attorneys . Court documents allege Senakiewicz , a native of Poland , told associates he had made two homemade explosive devices that could "  blow up half of an overpass for a train " and was planning to use them during the summit . He said last week that they were stored in a Chicago home in a hollowed-out "  Harry Potter " book , the documents said . He also claimed to possess a vehicle "  filled with explosives and weapons , " according to the documents . However , a search warrant found no explosives , and Senakiewicz told investigators that while he had made the statements , he did not actually possess a bomb , the court documents said . Meanwhile , Neiweem allegedly told an associate that he wanted to obtain materials to make a pipe bomb , and that if the associate got the items , he would create it , according to court documents . The three men charged in the NATO plot were identified as Brian Church , 22 , of Fort Lauderdale , Florida ; Jared Chase , 27 , of Keene , New Hampshire ; and Brent Betterly , 24 , who told police he resides in Massachusetts , authorities said . An Illinois judge set bail at $ 1.5 million for each . The three were charged with material support for terrorism , conspiracy to commit terrorism , and possession of explosives or incendiary devices , authorities said . The three men were arrested Wednesday , and charges were announced Saturday , according to authorities . A lawyer representing the three has called the accusations against them "  propaganda " and said authorities "  infiltrated " a peaceful group and set the men up . A police probe that began early this month revealed the three suspects are "  self-proclaimed anarchists " and members of the "  Black Bloc " group who traveled together from Florida to Chicago to commit violence as a protest against the NATO summit , authorities said in a statement . "  Black Bloc " was the group blamed for violence that occurred in recent "  Occupy " protests , such as in Rome last year when anarchists in ski masks torched cars and clashed with police and even other Occupy protesters . iReport : Police van drives through crowd Senakiewicz also claimed to be a member of the "  Black Bloc , " court documents said , as well as "  an anarchist who is upset with the lack of chaos in Chicago . " The three men were planning to destroy police cars and attack four Chicago police district stations with destructive devices as a way to undermine police response to other planned actions at the NATO summit , according to a statement by Cook County State 's Attorney Anita Alvarez and Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy . Downtown Chicago financial institutions were also among the proposed targets , authorities said . "  The individuals that we have charged in this investigation are not peaceful protesters . They are domestic terrorists who came to Chicago with an anarchist agenda to harm our police officers , intimidate our citizens and to attack their politically motivated targets , " said Alvarez . iReport : Protesters march through the streets of Chicago According to authorities , Church said he wanted to recruit four groups of four co-conspirators -- or 16 people -- and that reconnaissance had already been done on the Chicago Police Department headquarters . The three men also possessed or built improvised explosive or incendiary devices , a mortar gun , swords , a hunting bow , throwing stars , and knives with brass-knuckle handles , authorities said . In court , prosecutors accused the three men of preparing for "  violence and destruction , " such as stockpiling Molotov cocktails . A couple dozen of their supporters in the courtroom could be heard faintly scoffing at prosecutor Matthew Thrun , as he called the defendants "  self-proclaimed anarchists ... making preparations for violence and destruction . " Thrun said one of the defendants could be heard planning an attack and quoted him as saying , "  This city does not know what it is in for , and it will never be the same . " According to Thrun , the defendants bought gasoline at a BP station , cut bandanas for fuses and had four empty beer bottles to be used as Molotov cocktails . Thrun told the court that Church made a remark while assembling the Molotov cocktails : "  Ever seen a cop on fire ? " Defense attorney Michael Deutsch accused authorities of "  police misconduct , " saying undercover agents infiltrated a "  peaceful " group . "  They even bought the makings of Molotov cocktails and gave it to them , " Deutsch said in court . Outside of court , he called the case a setup and an example of "  entrapment to the highest degree . " "  It is sensationalism by the police and the state to discredit the protesters that have come here to nonviolently protest , " the attorney said . The National Lawyers Guild , representing the three defendants , said Chicago police arrested a total of nine activists Wednesday at a house in Chicago 's Bridgeport neighborhood and then released six of them . The guild described the three defendants as "  Occupy activists " and said police provided no evidence of criminal intent or wrongdoing . "  It 's outrageous for the city to apply terrorism charges when it 's the police who have been terrorizing activists and threatening their right to protest , " attorney Sarah Gelsomino with the lawyers guild and the People 's Law Office , said in a statement . Judge Edward Harmening set the three defendants ' next court date for Tuesday . NATO kicked off its two-day summit Sunday in Chicago . A user 's guide to the Chicago NATO summit The war in Afghanistan is expected to dominate discussions . NATO leaders are currently on a timetable to withdraw all of the alliance 's combat troops from Afghanistan in 2014 . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Paul Vercammen , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Authorities say the two latest suspects are accused in separate incidents Bond was set at $ 750,000 for one and $ 500,000 for the second Three other men are charged in an alleged terror plot during the NATO summit Authorities say President Obama 's headquarters was among the targets
CNN  -- Bolivia President Evo Morales declared a U.S. diplomat "  undesirable " Monday amid allegations that the United States asked a visiting scholar and Peace Corps volunteers to keep tabs on Cubans and Venezuelans in Bolivia . Morales said a security assistant for the U.S. Embassy -- identified by the Bolivian Information Agency as Vincent Cooper -- violated the rights of Bolivian citizens and offended the country , the news agency reported Monday . U.S. officials admitted that someone at the embassy made an inappropriate suggestion , the information agency reported , but the U.S. ambassador to Bolivia , Philip S. Goldberg , denied Monday that the embassy asked anyone to spy . "  I respect the sovereignty and dignity of Bolivia , and I am ready to talk with Bolivian government representatives to clarify everything and present all the facts , " the Bolivian Information Agency quoted the ambassador as saying . The scholar , John Alexander van Schaick , told ABC News that the request stunned him . "  My immediate thought was ` Oh my God . Somebody from the U.S. Embassy just asked me to basically spy , " he said . "  I was in shock that something like that would happen to me -- just a humble Fulbright scholar who 's here to do research . " In Washington , Sean McCormack , a spokesman for the U.S. State Department , told reporters Monday that U.S. embassies are under instructions not to ask Fulbright scholars or Peace Corps volunteers to act "  in any way , shape or form " on behalf of the U.S. government as intelligence agents . The controversy erupted after van Schaick said Cooper asked him in a November meeting at the U.S. Embassy in La Paz to report the names and addresses of Cuban and Venezuelans working in Bolivia , according to the Bolivian Information Agency . "  I smiled and just sat there because I did not want to show that it completely dismayed me to be asked such a thing , " van Schaick said , according to the news agency . The U.S. Embassy in Bolivia said in a statement Monday that Peace Corps volunteers had been mistakenly given a security briefing in July meant for embassy staff asking them to report "  suspicious activities , " The Associated Press reported , though Goldman said "  nobody at the embassy has ever asked American citizens to participate in intelligence activities here . " It was unclear Monday whether the Bolivian government would seek the expulsion of any U.S. Embassy employees in light of the president 's declaration of Cooper as an "  undesirable " person . E-mail to a friend	U.S. diplomat accused of violating rights of Bolivian citizens U.S. officials admit inappropriate suggestion was made , deny spying allegations Diplomat asked about names , addresses of Cubans and Venezuelans in Bolivia
Financial Times  -- The tour of China by Tim Cook this week had all the trappings of an official visit by a popular head of state . There were the staged photos of the Apple chief executive 's handshake with the Chinese vice-premier and of his visit to an iPhone production line , not forgetting the "  man of the people " shot of him posing with customers at an Apple store . Mr Cook is , after all , the head of a company whose $ 108bn in sales in its last fiscal year was equivalent to the gross domestic product of Iraq . The Apple chief appeared to be revered and his attention to China appreciated by ordinary people . "  It is laudable that he shows up here , where people work so hard to make Apple products and spend so much money to buy them , " said one of many comments on Sina Weibo , China 's leading Twitter equivalent . But while this was , by all accounts , a successful diplomatic and trade mission , its political implications spread well beyond China 's borders . The visit appeared timed to coincide with Thursday 's release of the Fair Labor Association 's report on conditions in Chinese factories where Apple products are made . It found at least 50 "  serious and pressing non-compliances " with its own workplace code of conduct and Chinese labour law . Apple 's welcoming of the report 's recommendations and Mr Cook 's visit to the factory floor seemed intended to soothe international criticism that alleged Apple made huge profits on the back of poorly paid and badly treated assembly workers in China . Dozens of labour rights organisations from the US to Poland , India and Indonesia wrote an open letter to Mr Cook this week demanding Apple provide a living wage for Chinese workers so they did not have to work excessive overtime . They wanted an end to the use of involuntary labour in the shape of student interns and called for staff to be given health and safety training and the ability to form a genuine trade union . The recommendations of the FLA and the agreement to them by Apple and its main supplier Foxconn appear to answer these points . There were commitments that would reduce working hours to legal limits while protecting pay and improving conditions . "  If implemented , these commitments will significantly improve the lives of more than 1.2 m Foxconn employees and set a new standard for Chinese factories , " said Auret van Heerden , FLA president . But perceptions of Chinese conditions and Apple and Foxconn 's behaviour are different in China itself , where jobs in the factories are seen as highly desirable and paying well above the going rate . A queue of 1,000 people awaited interviews outside a Foxconn facility near Shenzhen last month . A younger generation of Chinese also have a different work ethic -- preferring to work excessively to get the money they need and then leaving a company -- giving employers like Foxconn the problem of a high turnover rate , one of the biggest issues faced by Chinese manufacturers . The promise to the FLA of more substantial basic pay may actually help Foxconn keep employees longer term . Indirectly , being seen as a force for higher pay and better working conditions in China may also help to support Apple 's recent efforts to appeal to Chinese consumers . Although Apple has recognised China in recent years as one of its fastest-growing markets , for a long time it did little to give it special treatment . Its China subsidiary is run by a low-key former Hewlett-Packard executive , who industry insiders say has little clout with headquarters . In stark contrast to many other multinationals , which make great efforts to highlight their special commitment to China with local research and development , frequent new investments and customised products , Apple has refused to divert from the marketing strategy it uses in other markets . For a while , the delayed launches and scarce supply of its products in China seemed to fire up local consumers ' enthusiasm for the cult brand even further . But over the past year , the company started seeing limits to that approach and faced a series of challenges . Its past two local product launches triggered riots involving the unlicensed resellers who have come to dominate the distribution and retailing of iPhones and iPads in China . Following the launch of the new iPad this month , Chinese customs started stricter checks aimed at stopping smugglers from bringing in the device for resale in the country . This week , a crackdown on grey-market iPhone resellers in the southern city of Shenzhen triggered a suspension of iPhone sales by a number of unlicensed online traders . Apple is also fighting a legal battle over the Chinese iPad trademark , which is registered under the name of Proview Shenzhen , a struggling technology firm . Analysts expect Apple to swallow much , if not all , of the costs of the improvements recommended by the FLA. . Labour rights organisations have pointed out Foxconn 's limited ability to do so with profit margins falling as low as 1.5 per cent compared with those of more than 30 per cent for Apple . Foxconn has already implemented a series of wage increases over the past two years . "  When Foxconn hiked wages the last time , Apple paid for it , " said Kirk Yang , head of Asia ex-Japan tech hardware research at Barclays Capital . "  Apple used to pay Foxconn $ 8 for every iPhone and $ 10 for every iPad , but they hiked the price by about 30 per cent . " The larger burden for Apple is part of a shift that has been under way since 2010 . When Foxconn announced its first wage increase after a series of suicides among its Chinese workers , it said the time had come for other parts of the technology value chain to shoulder some of the soaring labour costs in China . "  There does seem to be a new trend that customers -LSB- of contract manufacturers -RSB- are more willing to share the cost when it comes to labour-related issues , " said Jenny Lai , analyst at HSBC . Thompson Wu , a technology analyst with Credit Suisse , said the review of Apple 's supply chain , which is being continued by the FLA beyond the initial three Foxconn factories , was likely to influence other contract manufacturers as well . "  Particularly , Quanta , which plays an important role in the MacBook space , and Pegatron , which assembles iPhones , are likely to come under similar examination , " he said . With a huge share of contract manufacturing for the global supply chain done in China , many companies with smaller financial resources than Apple -- the world 's most valuable company by market capitalisation -- will be viewing the cost of this week 's events with trepidation . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	CEO Tim Cook toured Chinese factories that make Apple products Visit coincided with release of report that found numerous working violations Intended to soothe criticism of Apple profiting from low-paid workers in poor conditions
CNN  -- Alaska 's a big place . It sounds obvious , but it 's an important fact to remember when planning a visit , because you wo n't get to see everything in one trip . I spent the first 24 years of my life in four different Alaska towns , and there are still new things to do when I go back to visit . So tip No. 1 is to make some decisions : Do you want to camp in a national park ? Hike to the top of a glacier ? Go backcountry skiing ? Catch and/or eat some of the best seafood in the country ? See the northern lights ? You wo n't be able to do it all , but with a bit of planning you can pack quite a few adventures into a week or two . Here are some ideas for activities based on a recent trip I took with some friends : As the state 's largest city and home to its biggest airport , Anchorage is the place where many will start their adventures on the Last Frontier -- and our trip was no different . The city is surrounded by water on two sides and a mountain range on the third . At sea level , the Tony Knowles Coastal Trail skirts the city along the water . It 's an 11-mile paved trail available for walking and cycling , or skiing and snowshoeing , depending on the season . For those looking for more elevation , Chugach State Park is just east of the city and has several trails . I recommend heading up Flattop Mountain . It 's a relatively short hike , just 1.5 miles from the trailhead to the mountain top , but the trail is steep in parts , especially near the summit . With a bit of care , though , most people should n't have too much trouble making it up and enjoying the sweeping view of the city and surrounding scenery . On our trip , we left Anchorage after a couple of days and drove 130 miles south to Seward . From there , we spent a day hiking alongside Exit Glacier in Kenai Fjords National Park . The National Park Service calls this 7.4-mile hike "  strenuous , " but seeing the ice field at the top makes the hard work worthwhile . And it does n't get much better than an Alaskan Amber beer and fresh halibut once you make it back down . If your legs are tired from hiking , you can work out your arms with a sea kayaking trip in Resurrection Bay . The clouds were low the day of our excursion , but we saw bald eagles in the tree tops and were escorted by sea lions as we paddled along the rocky shoreline . To finish off our Alaska adventure , we left Seward and drove 360 miles up to Denali National Park , home of the tallest peak in North America , Mount McKinley . The public is allowed to drive only a few miles into the park , but there are buses that provide access farther into the wilderness . On our bus ride we saw bears , mountain goats , moose and coyotes . A few lucky visitors will get to see wolves , but sightings are rare . After a few nights of camping in the park , it was time to drive back to Anchorage and catch our flights home . And even though we experienced a lot during our visit , there are plenty more adventures to be had when we go back . Like fishing for king salmon on the Kenai River , or watching the northern lights while relaxing in natural hot springs , or downhill skiing in Hatcher Pass , or sailing along the Inside Passage , or panning for gold in the Tanana Valley , or ...	Alaska is a huge state , so start by figuring out what kinds of things you want to do Many travelers start in Anchorage , site of the state 's largest airport and several trails Denali National Park is home to North America 's highest peak , Mount McKinley Have you ever been to Alaska ? Share photos from your journey
CNN  -- On the outside , kidnapping survivor Hannah Anderson seems to be , in the words of a friend , "  doing great . " She seems her usual bubbly self , friends say , the Hannah who puts others before herself . But there are hints , they say , of the trauma the 16-year-old California girl suffered when , according to authorities , family friend James DiMaggio killed her mother and 8-year-old brother and kidnapped her . "  She 's , like , acting strong for everyone and I think that 's more of just , like , for her appearance , friend Alyssa Haugum said on CNN 's "  New Day " on Friday . "  But I can tell that there 's something inside of her that 's upset , " Haugum said . "  Like when we 're all , like , having a good time and once everyone stops laughing she gets kind of this serious look on her face . " Hannah endured what would seem for most people an unspeakable horror -- being kidnapped by a family friend who killed her mother and brother , and then spirited her away to the woods . A chance encounter with horseback riders who reported the pair to authorities led to her rescue after a brief gunfight between DiMaggio and Hannah 's rescuers . DiMaggio was killed . Hannah Anderson letters found at kidnap suspect 's home While she has not spoken publicly since her release , she has seemed unusually outspoken on social media , where she has shared details of her ordeal and her feelings in response to questions from friends and strangers alike . Her postings on the social media site ask.fm -- since taken down -- have generated some controversy among some who question why she seemed so upbeat despite all that she had been through . They note she answered questions about what would in any other context be typical teen fodder -- boys , nails , hair and music -- among revelations about her capture and whether she is happy that DiMaggio is dead . "  Absolutely , " she posted . Opinion : Are we sharing too much online ? But Robi Ludwig , a psychotherapist and co-author of "  Till Death Do Us Part , " said the posts actually could be a sign she 's coping well with the trauma -- so far at least . "  I actually think it 's healthy and a sign of ego strength that here 's a 16-year-old girl and she wants to do what normal 16-year-olds do , " Ludwig said on "  New Day . " "  And I think it 's really smart of her to talk , to try to put what happened to her in perspective and the way 16-year-olds do . That is , they turn to social media , " she said . "  She wants a support system . She 's getting that when she 's talking and interacting with people , so that 's healthy . " Hannah addressed the issue herself on the ask.fm site . "  I 'm trying to stay strong . And get out the truth , " she wrote . "  You do n't know I could be crying answering these questions at the moment . " It 's in Hannah 's personality to try to be strong for everyone else , said friend Kylah Hayes . "  She 's really like an outstanding person , " Hayes said on "  New Day . " "  Like , she 's always like putting others before her . " But , Ludwig said , Hannah is almost certainly in "  denial and shock . " "  What has happened to her probably does n't even feel real yet , " Ludwig said . Affidavits : mother , brother ` tortured and killed ' And that she would seem to look good from the outside , even able to talk about mundane teen interests despite losing two family members and enduring a harrowing ordeal at the hands of someone who had been a family friend should n't be altogether surprising . "  This is not the most difficult time for someone who is grieving because you have a lot of support of people around you , a lot of attention , " she said . Darker times are almost certainly ahead for the girl , Ludwig suggested . "  The difficulty comes when everybody forgets and you 're left in your life , one year , two years , three years down the road , and the people and the crowds are not there . " That 's in part why Hannah 's rural community came together Thursday to host a fundraiser for her . The money raised will go toward Hannah 's needs in the future . Any extra will be donated to support exploited children , said her father , Brett Anderson . He added his own take on how she 's doing : "  Hannah sends her love . She 's doing good day by day , and we 'll keep moving forward from here . " CNN 's Casey Wian , Greg Botelho , Ed Payne , Matt Smith and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Kidnapping survivor Hannah Anderson is "  acting strong for everyone " a friend says A psychotherapist says she sees signs of strength in Hannah 's online postings But she says grief will catch up with the girl after the spotlight fades Authorities rescued Hannah last weekend
Pope Francis moved a predecessor closer to sainthood on Sunday , beatifying Pope Paul VI on the last day of a gathering in Rome of church leaders from around the world . It was a ceremonious close to this year 's Synod of the Bishops on the Family , which has ended in clinches over how to minister to gay and lesbian people or whether to give Holy Communion to Catholics who have divorced and remarried -- which the Catholic Church considers adultery . Paul VI , who was pontiff from 1963 until his death in 1978 , had faced similar pressures during the advent of free love , when the church came out against birth control . Pope Paul VI based the decision on Catholic teachings on marriage . But the church is honoring other aspects of his work , highlighting his efforts to spread social justice and minister to the poor , topics Pope Francis also carries on his banner . Paul VI is also known for having pioneered papal world visits , traveling to Africa , Latin America and Asia . He was the first pope to visit five continents , the Vatican has said . He was also the first pope to visit the Holy Land since St. Peter , the Catholic News Service said . A trip to the Philippines in 1970 could have cost him his life , but it also provided one of the two necessary precursors for his beatification -- a relic . When he was attacked by a man with a bayonet in Manila , two vests he was wearing were stained with blood , according to historian John-Peter Pham . One of the vests was brought to the beatification in a reliquary . The second precursor required for beatification is a miracle . Pope Paul VI 's involves an unborn child in California , Vatican Radio said . A doctor advised a pregnant woman to abort her child because of danger to her life and his , but she refused and instead had a nun pray for her using a photo of Pope Paul , CNS reported . The child was born healthy . The announcement of the beatification came in May , two weeks after Pope Francis canonized two other predecessors , John XXIII and John Paul II , allowing them to ascend to sainthood . The unprecedented ceremony was witnessed by huge crowds gathered in St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City .	A relic and a miracle are required for Pope Paul VI to be beatified The relic is a blood-stained vest from an attempt on his life in the Philippines The miracle involves a woman who refused to abort an unborn child for medical reasons Pope Paul was known for his world travels and ministry to the poor
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A series of major international sporting events , a weak currency and its perennially sunny perch on the tip of South Africa are making Cape Town one of the hottest sailing destinations of 2009 . Lucky strike : The port city of Cape Town is set to benefit from several major sporting events The Indian Premier League cricket tournament was recently relocated to South Africa because of security concerns , and now Cape Town is slated to host the opening match on April 18 . Both the Lions Tour rugby and the FIFA Confederations Cup football will follow the cricket tournament , heading down to South Africa later this year . Combined with the arrival of the World Cup in 2010 , South Africa has suddenly become the ultimate holiday spot for sports fans . Calvyn Gilfellan , chief executive of Cape Town Routes Unlimited -- the region 's tourism board -- told CNN the boost to the region had arrived at a crucial time . "  When the financial crisis started people went into gloom and doom but these events are helping a lot to restore confidence in the industry . "  The fact that we have a positive exchange rate also helps us a lot as a destination , " he said . But South Africa 's government is so focused on ensuring the success of the upcoming games that it recently denied a visa to The Dalai Lama . Critics contend that South Africa bowed to pressure from the Chinese government in refusing Tibet 's spiritual leader entry to attend a peace conference that was partially intended to help promote the World Cup . As the focus strengthens on these international events , the Cape Town region looks set to benefit more than many from the expected surge in tourism . Gilfellan says this is largely due to the city 's location . "  We are lucky to be in such a wonderful spot . A lot of these events revolve around the marine industry and revolve around the harbor . " This weekend harbor will play host to the Cape Town International Jazz Festival -- one of many upcoming festivals in the area . Cape Town 's picturesque Victoria & Alfred Waterfront , set against the backdrop of Table Mountain , has become South Africa 's most visited tourist attraction . Commodore of the Royal Cape Yacht Club  RCYC  John Martin , told CNN the Cape Town port was used widely for business , leisure and sports . As well as being the country 's second biggest functioning port for trade , the port played host to racing yachts in events such as the Volvo Ocean Race and the Clipper Round-the-world Challenge . "  We have several major yachting events that stop here and we are very proud of that . " Martin said the popularity of the port means water space is "  at a premium , " but there are hopes a new harbor and breakwater will be constructed in the next few years . Still , Cape Town has the capacity to cater for foreign visitors on super-yachts and international cruise-liners . "  Cape Town is a real focal point for refueling and repairs and it 's also quite cheap here so people tend to stay for a while , " he said . Gilfellan said she felt the surge of massive sporting events would undoubtedly have spin-off benefits for the marine industry . The Indian Premier League Twenty20 cricket , which starts this month , had been tipped to go to England , but ultimately South Africa was chosen for its sunny weather . The tournament , which will feature 59 matches across six venues , will run from 18 April to 24 May The 2009 British and Irish Lions tour officially kicks off on May 30 in Rustenberg . Matches will be held in Cape Town on June 13 and June 23 . The eight-team Confederations Cup runs from June 14-28 , and will take place across four cities . The event marks the first time an African nation will host an international FIFA tournament . The landmark event foreshadows the much-anticipated World Cup football tournament in June 2010 , for which qualifying matches are currently being held . Although that 's still a year away -- there are signs that the excitement in South Africa is already palpable . A new television commercial that began airing last month features Spain and Liverpool star , Fernando Torres , and Brazilian icon Kaka showing off their football skills . The advertisement ends with Torres saying "  Ke Nako " , which in South Africa 's Sotho language means "  it 's time . " It seems for Cape Town and the whole country -- this could not be more true . Mike Steere contributed to this report .	MainSail 's ` Port of the Month ' is Cape Town , South Africa The area is one of South Africa 's most popular tourist destinations Cape Town is set to benefit from major international sporting events The port is the country 's second biggest and hosts major yacht races
CNN  -- Millions of migrant workers flood to the Middle East from some of the world 's poorest countries in search of paid work they wo n't find at home . But for some , the journey does n't end as they hope . Instead , they become victims of human trafficking , forced labor and sexual exploitation . The CNN Freedom Project : Join CNN 's fight to end modern day slavery A report released Tuesday by the International Labor Organization paints a horrifying picture of migrant workers who find themselves trapped in appalling conditions without any way to get out . "  Our research team interviewed hundreds of workers and their experiences independent of country were very similar , actually , " Beate Andrees , the report 's author and head of the ILO 's Special Action Programme to Combat Forced Labour , told CNN . "  They were lured into jobs that either did n't exist or that were offered under conditions that were very different from what they were promised in the first place , " she said . Data is scarce , but the ILO estimates as many as 600,000 people may be victims of forced labor across the Middle East . That equates to 3.4 in every 1,000 of the region 's inhabitants being compelled to work against their free choice , the ILO said . The study , titled "  Tricked and Trapped : Human Trafficking in the Middle East , " is based on more than 650 interviews done over a two-year period in Jordan , Lebanon , Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates . More than half of those interviewed for the study were migrant workers , the ILO said . The others included employers , government officials and representatives of employers ' and workers ' groups in the Middle East . "  Labour migration in this part of the world is unique in terms of its sheer scale and its exponential growth in recent years , " Andrees said . "  The challenge is how to put in place safeguards in both origin and destination countries to prevent the exploitation and abuse of these workers . " Low-skilled migrant workers are the most vulnerable to human trafficking and forced labor , whether at the hands of unscrupulous agents or individual employers , the report states . "  Victims of trafficking usually have limited financial resources , incur debt and are poorly educated , " it says . "  At the same time , many are resilient and courageous women and men , who are aware of the possible risks of exploitation but , impelled by the lack of viable job opportunities at home and the pressing needs of their families , have nevertheless made their individual decisions to travel abroad in search of work . " Confined , beaten , raped Domestic workers are particularly vulnerable because their isolation in private homes , without inspections , makes them more vulnerable to exploitation and forced labor , the ILO said . Among the conditions they may face are : being denied proper time off ; being confined to their place of work ; being placed under surveillance ; being made to live in degrading conditions , like sleeping in a kitchen or hallway ; or having their identity papers confiscated or wages withheld so they ca n't leave . In more extreme cases , they may be subject to physical and sexual violence . A Filipina domestic worker in Lebanon told the ILO she was caught after trying to escape by climbing out over the balcony . "  My employer broke my elbow and then tied my hands behind my back . They left me one day long in my room and put a camera there . He threatened me : ` I 'll accuse you of stealing money and ask for my money back , and they will throw you in jail ! ' " she is quoted as saying . Another Filipina domestic worker interviewed in a detention center in Kuwait told the ILO that her employer had raped her . "  I went to the doctors and filed a complaint at the police , and then returned to work the next day . He reported to the authorities that I had run away , and the police arrested me , " she said . "  My employer tells me that if I drop the rape charges , he will make sure that I am not deported . " Even where anti-trafficking laws exist , prosecutions are few , so "  there is little to deter others from confining migrant workers in exploitative situations against their will , " the ILO points out . Sex brokers Meanwhile , those who are coerced into sex work within the entertainment industry face a "  real " risk of violence , detention or deportation , the report said . "  Owners and managers of entertainment establishments , and sex brokers  pimps  , do not hesitate to use threats of denunciation to the authorities and family repudiation , and actual psychological , physical and sexual violence , to intimidate their victims , " the report says . "  The impossibility of leaving the exploiter is entrenched by the fact that women known to have engaged in sex work have limited opportunities to secure income by other means . " Asian and African women are particularly vulnerable to being deceived and coerced into sexual exploitation , the report said . Some are lured away from their original employers with promises of love or a better job , and then forced into sex work , while others are abducted on arrival and taken to underground brothels , or are tricked into thinking they have a job as a waitress or singer in a nightclub and then made to provide sexual services . In some cases , those running the sex rings are other migrant workers , often of the same nationality , the report said . Local sponsors may also be involved or turn a blind eye . "  Even though prostitution is legally forbidden in most countries of the Middle East , the commercial sex industry employing foreign women is unofficially tolerated , " the report said . In part , this is because demand for sexual services is stubbornly high . In addition to the local demand , there are also large numbers of male migrant workers who are away from home for long periods and can not fulfill their natural sex drive by legitimate means , the report says . A Nepalese client of sex workers is quoted as saying : "  I think the majority of women are forced to have sex . They are physically beaten , isolated and locked in the apartments . The clients are usually aware that the women are forced but are okay with this because they themselves are sexually deprived . " Some girls from Middle Eastern countries who are forced into marriage are also pushed into prostitution by their husbands , the report says . ` Forced into the desert ' But while much attention focuses on the plight of women , male migrant workers in the construction , manufacturing , seafaring and agriculture sectors are also vulnerable to human trafficking , the report says . They "  are routinely deceived with respect to living and working conditions , the type of work to be performed , or even the existence of a job at all . " Some migrant workers reported having been recruited as domestic workers -- but then forced to tend animal herds in the desert . A "  runaway " Sri Lankan shepherd interviewed in Kuwait told the ILO : "  I came to Kuwait to work as a driver and my employer took me across the border in Saudi Arabia for six months . "  I lived in a small steel hut with no air conditioning , no electricity and no shower or toilet . I was not allowed to kill the animals to feed myself . I was scared of my employer who tried to hit me but I said , ` If you hit me , I will hit you back . ' " Complex factors make it almost impossible for many to leave if it all goes wrong . Chief among these is the "  kafala , " or sponsorship , system that governs most migrant workers in the region . This , the ILO says , is "  inherently problematic " because it creates an unequal power dynamic between the employer and the worker . Many employers justify holding the passports of migrant workers because under the system they are legally responsible for the worker 's residency and employment . They may also hold back wages -- meaning workers ca n't leave because they risk ending up with nothing -- or charge sky-high "  release " fees to stop exploited workers from seeking jobs elsewhere . "  The system was not set up to create this extreme dependence between employers and workers , " Andrees said . Positive changes Of course , not every migrant worker has a bad experience , and for many the opportunity to work overseas delivers the promised escape from grinding poverty at home . The presence of migrant workers is also vital to the economies of many countries in the Middle East -- and in some , they outnumber the national workers substantially , the ILO points out . In Qatar , an astonishing 94 % of workers are migrants , while in Saudi Arabia that figure is over 50 % , the report says . Migrants also make up a significant part of the workforce in Jordan and Lebanon . The ILO report highlights some positive changes in the region , saying governments and other groups have stepped up efforts to combat forced labor and human trafficking in recent years , including through the passage of anti-trafficking legislation . But , it says , "  shortcomings persist in applying laws and prosecuting and convicting perpetrators of human trafficking . " It proposes an overhaul of the kafala system , suggesting that national ministries of labor should be in charge of the recruitment process , rather than agencies , and should handle complaints . The ILO also recommends extending legislation to protect all types of worker , the revision of employment contracts , beefing up inspections and ending wage discrimination . Opinion : 5 signs the Middle East is changing CNNs Caroline Faraj and Schams Elwazer contributed to this report .	NEW : Migrant workers are often duped into taking jobs , the report 's author says As many as 600,000 people may be victims of forced labor in the Middle East , ILO says Migrant workers give accounts of being raped , abused or kept prisoner by employers Employers or agents sometimes withhold wages or documents to prevent workers leaving
CNN  -- Aberdeen 's Old Town House , an 18th century brick building replete with clock tower and cockerel wind vane , was restored a decade ago with great care . Walls were treated with plaster lined with horse hair , while the beams were strengthened with nails designed not to split the aged wood . Traditional techniques dating back to biblical days were used , ensuring the building 's historic value was retained . It 's a $ 1.6 million job Kenny Anderson is particularly proud of . The building was once the business center of the town , and it now appears in the Architectural Heritage Society of Scotland 's logo . For the owner of Scotland 's Anderson Construction , which employs just 40 people , this shows how apparently minor players , like Scotland if it becomes independent , can achieve big things . Anderson sees his company as a metaphor for the benefits of a "  yes " vote . He is supporting the campaign for an independent Scotland , one which has sent shudders through Westminster -- and further afield -- as it gains traction ahead of Thursday 's vote . Polls show the vote is on a knife edge , and the uncertainty has already hit the pound , prompted banks to threaten to quit Scotland and forced Bank of England governor Mark Carney to warn of currency risks of a breakaway . A split would end the 307-year union with England and Wales as Great Britain , which has helped push Scotland to its affluent position on the global stage . But , its detractors argue , it 's also held it back from its full economic potential . For Anderson , the Aberdeen leader of pro-independent group Business for Scotland , the economics can be seen as more simple . He sees his company as a microcosm of the bigger debate . In a small , independent business , it 's "  easy to change things , it 's easy to make fast decisions , " he said . "  I used to be a minority shareholder in much larger company and making good decisions , and changing things is ten times more difficult . " Scotland 's riches Scotland is richer , per capita , than the UK , a fact the independence campaigners love to champion . Its access to oil pushes its GDP per person to 115 % of the UK 's , according to the Scottish government , making it the world 's 14th richest country . The UK ranks at number 18 . Scotland 's total GDP was $ 240 billion in the year to first quarter of 2014 , around 8 % of total UK GDP . Scotland 's economic output per head is also the highest in the UK outside London and the South East of England , according to national statistics . Beyond oil , a global taste for Scottish whisky boosts its economy , with food and drink making up nearly a fifth of its $ 40 billion exports internationally , government figures show . Scotland exports a further $ 75 billion worth of goods and services into the UK -- which , the pro-independence camp says , means an independent country could claim to be a significant global exporter . But the Scots have been hit hard by the recession . During its most painful year , 2009 , the country 's economy shrank by 6 % , lagging behind the rest of the UK , where the contraction was 4 % . Productivity and average household incomes are also below the overall UK levels . But those promoting a breakaway say the country would be more resilient and would have survived the recession better had it not been in Westminster 's shadow . Edinburgh 's economic advisory body -- which includes Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz -- has argued economic policies tailored to local needs would boost growth . Independent Scotland could , for example , aim its tax policies at helping the crucial exporters . Anderson agrees . "  Scotland has certain unique industries which are incredibly important to it , but from Westminster point of view are lower down the agenda than they would be in independent Scotland . " Whisky , gas and tourism are high on that list , he said . And oil is the trump card . The question of oil Scotland 's black gold is used by both sides to bolster their arguments . Around 90 % of the UK 's oil comes from Scotland . The Scottish government says it has up to 24 billion barrels of oil reserves in the North Sea , which could generate up to $ 2.4 trillion in revenue . Such wealth plays directly into the independence debate . The bulk of oil workers want Scotland to become independent , with 70 % telling pollsters they 're set to vote in favor . Kevin Forbes , chief executive of the Oil and Gas People recruitment company , which commissioned the research , said the industry 's workers "  are not getting scared " by the "  no " campaign . The Scottish government is also promoting the idea of an oil fund , such as that in Norway , which indirectly supports social spending -- something the UK government has not done . But others warn Scotland 's oil riches could prove more fleeting than the "  yes " campaigners suggest . Last month Scottish billionaire oil magnate Ian Wood stirred the debate by claiming Scottish oil reserves could be completely depleted by 2050 , saying the country had between 15 and 16.5 billion barrels of oil still available . His stance -- supported by British oil giant BP -- was rejected by the pro-independence campaign . Scotland 's oil production has been declining steadily over the past decade . It dropped more than 10 % in both 2013 , following a decline of 14 % in 2012 , according to the Scottish government . The decline has been offset by rising oil prices . The currency headache The currency question remains Scotland 's thorniest . In the past , the Scottish government has promoted the idea of joining the euro . But with the 18-country bloc struggling to emerge from crisis and facing further slowdown as its relations with Russia deteriorate , the idea has been dismissed . Now , it 's seeking a currency union with the rest of the UK , similar to the one Benelux countries had before joining the euro . But British Prime Minister David Cameron has whole-heartedly rejected the idea and it 's one on which Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond has come unstuck in political debates , unable to offer a clear answer to the question so many investors are asking . But the political point-scoring might prove just that : Stiglitz and his fellow advisers say a common currency may be forced upon Scotland and the rest of the UK by economic necessity . The cost of splitting the currency would be simply to high for both sides of the border . It 's the economy , stupid Ahead of the referendum , Scots are split on their ambitions . While the economic partnership is central to the debate , campaigners are going for hearts over heads . The independent "  yes " campaign is trundling out pictures of happy children , prosperous towns and beautiful Scottish countryside . The "  better together " campaign emphasizes the strong tradition of the union , and at times uses scare tactics . The uncertainty is already being blamed for destabilizing the economy . Keith Cochrane , head of engineering company Weir , penned an open letter with 200 other business leaders warning their compatriots about the costs and unknown consequences of a vote for independence . Cochrane believes Scots will ultimately be swayed by the impact on their wallets . "  We are all proud Scots , and -LSB- emotions -RSB- will influence -LSB- us -RSB- to varying degrees . But what is clear from the opinion polls is that the economy and the arrangements to secure the future business of Scotland are the number one issue , " Cochrane said . For Anderson , however , that impact is the opposite to what Cochrane argues . During his two decades in business , Anderson has put his business stamp on numerous projects in Aberdeen . He employs locally and he relies on Scottish suppliers , including for the special nails used in the Old Town House refurbishment . Blunt , but with sharpened sides , they reflect the type of nails used in biblical times , for crucifixions , according to Anderson . Such supplies are difficult to find , but those used for this most delicate project were manufactured in Glasgow .	Business and economy is at the top of the agenda ahead of the Scottish independence referendum Scotland 's access to oil pushes its GDP per person to 115 % of the UK 's Strong Scottish exports , both internationally and to the rest of the UK , drive the economy
Budget Travel  -- The freedom to go precisely where you want , when you want and how you want -- behold , the power of one ! Budget Travel 's Trip Coach answers 6 of the most common solo travel questions : I 'm planning to take a trip by myself . Are there any destinations that are especially appealing for solo travelers ? First off , you 're not alone . Solo travelers account for 11 percent of all American vacationers . No destination is strictly off-limits to solo travelers , but some places are easier  and more appealing  to navigate than others . In general , the best bets for first-time single travelers are English-speaking destinations known for their friendliness and hospitality , such as Ireland , New Zealand and Australia . After all , you 're a lot less likely to get lost or feel lonely if you 're surrounded by people who can understand what you 're saying . Within Southeast Asia , Thailand and Vietnam are also particularly welcoming , if only for the affordability and prevalence of English . Quiz : Name that hotel chain What are some ways I can connect with others on the road ? You 'll want to start planting the seed before you go : Talk up your travel plans on Facebook , Twitter and other social-media outlets . You might be surprised to discover a long-lost friend from college who plans on passing through Paris when you are , too ; or perhaps a colleague has family in India , near the yoga retreat where you 've booked a stay . Another networking suggestion , from IndependentTraveler.com editor Sarah Schlichter , is to use the website couchsurfing.org . Even if you 're not interested in the site 's primary service  setting up free couch-stays  , it can be a handy tool for connecting with locals around the world . "  The site draws social types who are obviously up for meeting and hosting travelers , " she says . "  You can suggest lunch or coffee at a café or museum . " Beth Whitman , author of "  Wanderlust and Lipstick : The Essential Guide for Women Traveling Solo , " offers this simple tip : Go to a busy park , sit out on a bench with a map and phrasebook , and wait for a curious passerby to make the first move . "  You 'd be amazed how often this works for me , " she says . "  In faraway locations , especially , there are always friendly college students who want to practice English . " Budget Travel : 10 great girlfriend getaways Finally , be strategic about where you stay . At big chain hotels , people tend to retreat to the comfort of their own private rooms ; your chances of befriending other travelers are far better at B&B s and family-run inns , where guests congregate at the breakfast table and in common areas . Any tips for keeping costs down ? When you 're on your own , lodging becomes the main , annoying expense . Solo travelers are effectively charged twice as much in hotels because most places automatically base their room rates on double occupancy . One way around this surcharge , called a single-supplement fee , is to simply ask for a discount : Point out that you 're the only person staying in the room and that you 'll be using less electricity and water and eating less breakfast than two guests . "  Bargaining over room rates is common and accepted in most of the world , " Whitman says . "  Smaller , family-run hotels are more apt to give price breaks than chains or ritzy properties . " Budget Travel : 16 awe-inspiring American monuments On cruises , solo travelers are often charged the full cabin rate -- which amounts to a 200 percent single-supplement fee -- but you may be able to find deals by booking early or at the very last minute , according to Amber Blecker , a travel agent who runs Solo Cruise Resource . Specifically , Princess and Holland America often offer solo cruisers discounts of up to 50 percent off the single-supplement fee for bookings made six or more months ahead , and Celebrity and Royal Caribbean often reduce fees by as much as 25 percent as the cruise 's date of departure nears , Blecker says . Tour package supplements vary significantly , so choose wisely if you want to go guided . Charging solo travelers around 30 percent more is typical , for instance , but some outfitters , such as Gap Adventures and Cosmos , offer price breaks and design itineraries specifically for groups of singles . That trend seems to be growing , according to Diane Redfern , founder of the website Connecting : Solo Travel Network , which lists tours and trips specifically for solo travelers . "  When I launched the company in 1990 , I knew of just one travel company that catered specifically to singles , " Redfern says . "  Now I have upward of 400 tours and cruises listed on my site at any given time . " Check out our sidebar , "  Trips for One , for Less , " for more money-saving trip ideas on cruises , tours and accommodations . How to save on solo travel I absolutely dread going out to eat on my own . Help ! Count yourself in good company . Dining alone may well be solo travelers ' number-one fear , so much so that it even has an official diagnosis : solomangarephobia . In practice , however , it can be a lot easier than you expect . Whitman recommends getting a seat at the bar , rather than at a table , in restaurants . "  There are always people to chat with-other solo diners , regulars , even the bartender . " If you 're not feeling talkative , bring along a book or magazine to stay occupied . You could also skip the restaurant scene altogether , by sampling street food or picnicking in a park with items from a farmers ' market . I 'm concerned about safety . Anything I can do ? To minimize risks , follow these five practical tips , gathered from experts including Whitman , Schlichter and travel guidebook author Rick Steves . 1  Project strength . Walk purposefully , and show no fear-even if you have to fake it . Pickpockets prey on travelers who look like confused , easy victims .  2  Always remain alert . "  It 's those few seconds of inattentiveness when your bag or purse could get snatched , " Whitman says . "  Thieves are generally looking for a quick steal , so bring a cable lock to secure your belongings to your seat on trains , and lock the zippers of your bags together so no one can easily open them . "  3  Readjust your schedule . If you feel uncomfortable going out at night , do n't force it . Instead , sightsee during the day , make lunch your biggest meal , and turn in early . "  Everyone should avoid walking alone at night , " Schlichter says . "  I 've heard plenty of stories of male travelers who put themselves in bad situations -- they made the mistake of assuming they 'd always be fine because they 're guys . "  4  Avoid the flirts . Steves has long advised single female travelers to wear fake wedding rings , especially in Mediterranean and Latin countries , where the men tend to pay more attention to women than Americans are typically used to . Getting hit on does n't always turn into a safety concern , of course , but a simple gold band could save you some headaches .  5  Follow your gut . If your radar goes off , listen to it -- no matter who sets it off . "  Women and young children are just as likely to be pickpockets in some European countries -- not men with knives , " Whitman points out . "  They often get away with it , I think , because people do n't want to be rude to a nice-looking , middle-aged lady holding a baby , even if she 's being pushy . " How can I get some decent vacation shots -- with me in them -- if I 'm alone ? If you go the obvious route  asking someone to snap a picture with your camera  , you 're not only handing off a pricey piece of electronics to a stranger , you 're also relinquishing control of how the photo turns out . Your best bet is to invest in some new gear , namely the XShot Camera Extender  $ 30  , a metal rod that attaches to your camera , extends up to three feet , and acts as an extra-long arm . Once you master your camera 's timer , you can capture self-portraits that look like someone else took the shot . "  I carry it on every trip , " Whitman says . "  I put my iPhone in it and take pictures of myself and the friends that I 've made . The photos are always great because everybody 's laughing when I set up the shot . It 's goofy , but fun . " Now you can be the designated photographer , stay in the picture , and come home armed with frameable souvenirs . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Solo travelers account for 11 percent of all American vacationers English-speaking destinations known for friendly locals are easy for solo travelers Get a seat at the bar , rather than at a table , if you fear dining alone
CNN  -- There were many areas of agreement on past policies Monday night in the presidential debate . The problem for Mitt Romney was with the one major disagreement on future foreign policy . I 've always taught my debate students that in any argument , whether at home , at the office , or in public debates , it 's important to find areas of agreement . There are two reasons for this . The first is so that you build up your credibility for when you need it on more important issues . In a debate , if you 've already agreed with your opponent on some topics , the audience is more likely to believe you when you finally disagree . And the second reason for agreement is that it lets you pick your battles . Explicitly agreeing with your opponent is a terrific and underused debating strategy that lets you succeed when arguing for bigger , more significant issues . Opinion : Obama in command ; Romney plays it safe It was 40 minutes into the foreign policy debate before I heard an area of disagreement on future foreign policy direction . The problem was that Romney had not actually built up his credibility by agreeing with President Obama on any specific future policies . It was painfully obvious . In failing to openly agree when possible , Romney lacked the credibility needed when that first big disagreement came . And when he finally did disagree ? Best said by the Holy Grail Knight in the Indiana Jones movie : "  He chose -- poorly . " The question was posed to Romney on how he would pay for his proposed $ 2 trillion increase in military spending , and he flat out did n't answer it . He was busy finishing his previous answer . So by the time it was the president 's turn , Obama actually said , "  You should have answered the question . " Obama then asserted that the United States spends more on its military than the next 10 countries combined . That 's a great attention grabber . By the time Romney finally answered , he simply said we needed a stronger military , and the Navy needs more ships because it has fewer ships than it did in 1916 . But Obama countered with the most memorable line of the night . "  We also have fewer horses and bayonets . " Obama 's debating point was that the nature of our military has changed . He continued by saying that the U.S. has things like submarines and aircraft carriers that should suffice , and reminded viewers that the nation needed to study what its threats are and put money into things like cybersecurity and space . Obama said that the military neither wants nor has asked for this extra $ 2 trillion . Opinion : Romney endorses Obama 's national security policies This was terrible for Romney for three reasons . First , it was the original area of real disagreement , and Romney could n't afford to be bested . Second , no matter what he may actually know , Romney looked like a neophyte when it comes to military spending , as though he were repeating old Republican talking points . Viewers could be left unsure whether he knew what century this is . And finally , it 's two freaking trillion dollars ! They both talked about the budget deficit and the need to balance the budget , and over three debates , this -- $ 2 trillion on military spending -- was the biggest difference on offer . Axing Big Bird would net a President Romney next to nothing in savings , but adding $ 2 trillion to defense sounded excessive , especially if it 's true that the U.S. already spends more than the next 10 countries combined . Point Obama . I pored over my notes . The candidates had some other differences on future policies , such as who could be a better BFF to Israel  arguably , with his relationships in Israel , Romney might be , but he showed no actual specifics on how his policies would differ from Obama 's  and what represents the greatest threat to America  Obama said terrorism , with some China economic arguments , while Romney said a nuclear Iran ; but each man failed in Monday night 's debate to show why this difference was important  . But the topic I could n't forget was defense spending . Obama also had a theme in the debate , and he played it more often than the melody in Ravel 's "  Bolero . " The president continually said that Romney sends mixed messages and that he 's all over the map . Obama smartly tied this to specific comments from Romney 's past  examples were Iraq , Iran , Afghanistan , Libya  and used Romney 's own words against him . Opinion : Was Obama too relentless with Romney ? Obama repeatedly chided him , saying that Romney needs to be clear in what he says and what he means , while reminding us that in a president , we need steady and thoughtful leadership . This was the president 's best debate when referring to Romney 's ever-changing positions , since he actually tied it to important foreign policy issues and the real challenge of being a commander in chief . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Todd Graham : Candidates had many areas of agreement in third presidential debate He says agreeing is a good strategy to build credibility in debate ; Romney missed chance When Romney was asked about paying for $ 2 trillion in military spending , he dodged , he says Graham : It let Obama deliver a line that would stick ; made Romney seem naive on spending
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Nicolas Cage and his ex-girlfriend agreed on a financial settlement to end a lawsuit that she filed against the actor over his promise to give her the home where she raised his son . Christina Fulton 's lawyer would not disclose the terms of the deal , but she called it "  mutually satisfying " for both sides . When a Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputy , who was escorting Cage out of the courthouse Tuesday afternoon , said to him "  Long day , huh ? " the actor grunted and said "  Yeah . " Cage , Fulton and their lawyers spent much of the day mediating the case in the chambers of Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Teresa Sanchez-Gordon . At one point , Judge Sanchez-Gordon walked into the courthouse hallway to consult with Fulton and her lawyers , with reporters standing nearby . It was the only public clue that a large sum of cash was about to change hands , although the amount is secret . Fulton , the mother of Cage 's 20-year-old son , filed her $ 13 million lawsuit two years ago , accusing Cage of breaking his promise to let her keep the Hollywood home where she raised Weston Cage . Although she is still living in the home , she faces eviction since Cage allowed it to go into foreclosure , she said in a recent CNN interview . It was not revealed whether the lawsuit settlement would allow her to keep the house . A huge federal tax debt and the falling value of his investments caused Cage to lose several other homes in the past two years . Their son was placed on a psychiatric hold in a Los Angeles hospital for several days last week after a violent incident on a Hollywood sidewalk . Fulton said the resolution of her lawsuit clears the way for her to seek a conservatorship of her son . The mother claims he needs special psychiatric care that he has not gotten since he moved out of her home after he turned 18 . Weston Cage issued a statement through his father 's lawyer last week saying he did n't want "  anything to do with my mother . " "  Any problems that I have ever had is because of the relationship that I had with my mother , " his statement said . That drew a quick retort from Fulton : "  My son is under a spell . He 's under a trance . Weston would say whatever his dad wants him to say . " She suggested that Cage 's lawyer solicited it from her son while he was under a psychiatric hold at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center . On Tuesday , Fulton said she would not be deterred from seeking control over her son . "  The right parent is not the most popular , " Fulton said . Earlier , Fulton called the quote , she called it "  an absolute disgrace , " suggesting that Cage 's lawyer solicited a statement from her son while he was under a psychiatric hold at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center .	The settlement was "  mutually satisfying , " Christina Fulton 's lawyer says Fulton sued Cage , accusing of breaking a promise to give her the house She says she will now seek a conservatorship for her grown son because of mental issues
CNN  -- Since George Zimmerman was acquitted in the death of Trayvon Martin , everyone has had an opinion about the verdict . I am not about to second-guess the jury 's decision or pass judgment on them . Our judicial system is operating as it was designed . The jurors reached their conclusion based on the evidence placed before them and their interpretation of the law as it was explained . As human beings , we see the world through the lens of our own experiences . Both science and history prove that we all have unconscious biases that impact the decisions we make . There are some who say that the Zimmerman-Martin case had nothing to do with race . There are others who say that the case was all about race . One idea that has come up : "  What if we reverse the races so that Martin was white and Zimmerman was black ? " That exercise , while potent , does n't prove or disprove the relevance race played in the case . A more powerful approach is to totally remove race as a factor by creating a scenario in which both the perpetrator and the victim are of the same race and then see whether people change their views . For example : "  What if Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman were both white ? Or both black ? " If Zimmerman and Martin were both white , ask yourself : • Would it have taken 44 days and a national protest to merely justify the arrest of a known killer ? A killer who shot an unarmed child , initially stalked that child , was charged with two previous felonies -- "  battery of law enforcement officer " and "  resisting officer with violence " -- was accused of domestic violence  both charges were reduced , though some would say that 's the benefit of Zimmerman having a father who is a retired judge  and disobeyed the authorities when told not to follow the person he eventually killed . • Would authorities have not drug tested the killer but instead drug tested the victim ? • Would hordes of people have donated money to help the killer hire a strong defense team that eventually got him acquitted ? • Would society have given so much credibility to the killer 's version of the events ? Many have tried to deflect the discomfort of this scenario by focusing on black-on-black crime . While such crime is a very serious issue that must be addressed by our society and especially the black community , turning to black-on-black crime is a form of avoidance . The uncomfortable truth is that very likely , most people would see the case differently if the killer and victim were both white . When will we reach a day when we do n't have to refer to crimes in racial terms ? In light of how much we know about ourselves on a scientific level , it is a shame that people are still so divided by race . In 2003 , the mapping of the human genome code proved that there are no significant genetic differences between what we call "  races . " Every human being on the planet is 99.9 % genetically identical to every other human being . But as societies , we live in constructs . For those who fear the average random black male wearing a hoodie , I can empathize with you . But statistically , you should be more afraid of the person you see every day in the mirror . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , suicide is one of the top causes of death for white Americans  PDF  . Homicide is not . So , your chance of killing yourself is greater than your chance of being killed by anyone , of any race . Let 's turn back to the question : "  If the victim and the killer were both white , would society have given so much credibility to the killer 's version of events ? " I doubt that a jury so heavily made up of white mothers would have related to or felt empathy toward a man who had stalked and killed an unarmed child who could have very easily been one of their own . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Al Vivian .	Al Vivian asks , what if Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman were both white ? Vivian : The uncomfortable truth is that most people would see the case very differently He says we all have unconscious biases that impact the decisions we make Vivian : When will we reach a day when we do n't have to refer to crimes in racial terms ?
Washington  CNN  -- Top Democrats put the issue of climate change back in the spotlight Tuesday , debating legislation to cut greenhouse gas emissions while announcing $ 3.4 billion in new clean energy funds . A key congressional committee began hearings on a "  cap-and-trade " bill requiring emissions to be cut by more than 80 percent over the next four decades . Questions related to global warming have been among the most politically contentious in recent years . Democrats are generally more receptive to proposals designed to curb energy consumption in order to slow climate change ; leading Republicans continue to express concern about the necessity and economic impact of such measures . President Obama has made the push for greater investment in a clean energy agenda one of his top domestic priorities . Attempting to move that agenda forward , the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee kicked off hearings on the Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act . Supporters say the bill would reduce nationwide greenhouse gas emissions 20 percent by 2020 and 83 percent by 2050 through a cap-and-trade program under which companies would buy and sell emissions credits . Almost one-third of the credits would be given away to the electric power sector through 2026 in an effort to diminish negative economic effects . Leading Democrats have expressed optimism that the bill would help stimulate the creation of new "  green energy " jobs . The measure is similar to a climate change bill narrowly passed by the House of Representatives in June . Scientists "  tell us that we have a narrow window of time in which to avert the ravages of global warming , " said Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California . Boxer , who chairs the environment committee , called the legislation "  our best insurance against a dangerous future . " It is "  a responsible approach that sets attainable goals for gradual reductions in carbon emissions , and it protects consumers , businesses and workers as we move toward clean energy , " she said . Committee Republicans tore into the measure . It is "  a tax , and it will mean more economic pain and suffering and fewer jobs , " warned Sen. James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma . "  The victims of cap-and-trade ca n't just move on and get new , green jobs . The transition will mean leaving high-paying jobs , moving away from hometowns and significant reductions in lifetime earnings , " he said . Administration officials testified on behalf of the bill , including Energy Secretary Steven Chu , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson . In all , 54 witnesses are scheduled to testify on the bill over the next three days . Obama , meanwhile , unveiled what the White House called the largest energy grid modernization investment in American history . At a Florida solar energy center , the president announced $ 3.4 billion in Smart Grid Investment Grant awards . "  By facilitating the creation of a clean energy economy , building this 21st century energy infrastructure will help us lay a foundation for lasting growth and prosperity , " Obama said . The White House said the awards , which are being funded through the $ 787 billion stimulus act , will fund "  a broad range of technologies that will spur the nation 's transition to a smarter , stronger , more efficient and reliable electric system . " Among other things , the awards will help support the installation of "  smart meters " designed to help consumers monitor and control their energy consumption . The awards , going to 100 private companies , utilities and cities , will be divided into grants ranging from $ 400,000 to $ 200 million . They will be matched by $ 4.7 billion in private sector funds . Vice President Joe Biden also highlighted the issue of global warming Tuesday , visiting a former General Motors plant in Delaware that is being converted to allow for the production of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles . The plant is being purchased by California-based Fisker Automotive for an estimated $ 18 million . The new climate change push is being made against a backdrop of broad public support for federal action to slow global warming . Six in 10 Americans support a cap-and-trade proposal to cut pollution , according to a new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey . Thirty-seven percent are opposed to such a plan . The survey indicates a generational divide , with 68 percent of Americans under age 50 supporting cap-and-trade , but those 50 and older split on the issue . "  This is one more example of the growing generation gap that is shaping politics and policy in this country , " said Keating Holland , CNN polling director . "  Younger Americans voted for Obama and tend to welcome change . Older Americans were less enamored of change in the 2008 election , and senior citizens were the only age group that voted for John McCain . " The poll also suggests a partisan divide , with three in four Democrats backing the proposal and nearly six in 10 independents on board as well , but only four in 10 Republicans supporting "  cap and trade . " "  Independents believe in global warming and believe that the government can take steps to curtail the problem , " Holland said . "  But the environment is not a big priority for independents , as it is with Democrats . " The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted October 16-18 , with 1,038 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Senate Environment and Public Works Committee debates act to cut greenhouse gases President unveils Smart Grid Investment Grant awards to modernize energy grid $ 3.4 billion in grants seeks "  smarter , stronger , more efficient and reliable electric system " Climate change push being made amid broad public support for slowing global warming
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania Methodist minister who was defrocked this week for performing a same-sex wedding said Friday he felt compelled to break church doctrine because it was an "  act of love " for his son . When Frank Schaefer 's son was in his teens , he was suicidal , torn by sadness that the church would think less of him for being gay , Schaefer said Friday on CNN 's "  New Day . " When their son told his parents he was gay , the Schaefers recognized his pain and chose to embrace him . "  My wife and I said , ` Look , there 's nothing wrong with you . This is the way you were created , ' " Schaefer said on "  New Day . " "  Obviously , he did n't choose this because he prayed to God to make him , quote-unquote , ` normal . ' And when that did n't happen , he really went through this crisis , " the minister explained . Years later , in 2007 , Schaefer 's son asked his father to perform his wedding . "  For me , to say no to him ... it would have denied everything we ever told him in terms of affirmations and love that we gave him , " Schaefer said . The minister knew that performing the ceremony was going to stoke the ire of his superiors and that it was against church doctrine . So he was upfront with church officials . He told them . For six years , he did n't hear a word about the incident . Then , apparently , someone in the church filed a complaint about him this year . On Thursday , the minister at Zion United Methodist Church of Iona in the small town of Lebanon was found guilty in a church trial for officiating his son 's same-sex wedding , church officials said . The verdict came after a jury of 13 clergy members determined in November that the minister had been disobedient to the discipline and order of the church . After that determination came a 30-day suspension . The church asked Schaefer to decide whether his advocacy on behalf of the gay community would prevent him from fully complying with church law , according to a statement from Bishop Peggy Johnson of the United Methodist Church . The church told him that he could retain his standing if he never performed another same-sex wedding again . Schaefer refused , telling the Board of Ordained Ministry that he could not uphold the church 's Book of Discipline in its entirety because it is discriminatory . That prompted the church to ask Schaefer to immediately surrender his credentials . He refused again , forcing church officials to defrock him . Losing his job shook the minister . "  Actually , I was in shock , " he said on "  New Day . " "  I did n't realize it right away , but my wife told me , when we were in the car , she said , ` Look at your hand , ' and I looked at it . I was shaking . " "  It really hit me harder than I thought , " he continued . "  Look , I mean , six , seven years ago , I was ready to give up my career for my son . I never thought this would ever come back after that long of a time , so I went on ministering . I 'm a pretty effective minister , so I never thought it would come to this . And especially not to the kind of attention that this has gotten nationwide . " The incident had received media attention across the globe . His son was recently interviewed , saying that he feels guilt for what has happened to his father , Schaefer said . "  I always tell him , ` Do n't feel guilty about this . This really had nothing to do with you . ' This is based on the exclusionary policies of the church . That 's what causes this . We just have to stop the discrimination in the church . " The minister said that his views on homosexuality have evolved over the years . At one point , he believed that it was a sin . But when he went through seminary , he learned about "  different interpretations " of scripture that addressed homosexuality . "  By the time my son came out , I would describe myself as tolerant , " he said . But eventually , he became a "  silent supporter " of his son , and once someone complained about the performance of his son 's wedding , he decided to be vocal and open about his feelings . His church is divided , he said , and he 's lost friendships . It has been a "  painful process . " But he wants to remain in the Methodist Church and work for change from within . He said he has already filed an appeal and hopes to become reinstated to the Methodist clergy . Schaefer 's case will be reviewed by the appeals committee of the United Methodist Church 's northeast jurisdiction . It could also go to the judicial council , which is equivalent to the supreme court of the church , according to Schaefer 's attorney , Bill Ewing . The attorney expects the appeal to be heard in 2015 . CNN 's Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Methodist minister says he performed son 's gay wedding He says denying that request would have been denying the love he 's shown his son Frank Schaefer was defrocked after a jury of 13 clergy found he 'd violated church doctrine
CNN  -- A 35 % increase in demand for air travel . A tripling of the region 's airplane fleet . Up to nearly 13,000 new planes needed . Predictions for growth in the Asia Pacific aviation industry over the next two decades are impressive . But one question keeps recurring in the region and , indeed , around the globe . Will there be enough pilots to fly the new planes and enough technicians to maintain them ? "  The airlines say , ` OK , we 've just bought a bunch of airplanes and we 've put in all our funding into the airplane , ' " says Bony Sharma , vice president of Mil-Com Aerospace Group , a Singapore-based aviation training company . "  Now where does the funding come in to train the pilots , to train the engineers , to train even the management people , to keep these airplanes operational and safe and flying ? That 's the biggest challenge that we 're facing . " 100 flight schools ` still not enough ' Mil-Com runs training for a number of Asia-based airlines , including the privately owned Vietnamese carrier VietJet Air . Earlier in February , the low-cost carrier signed a $ 6.4 billion contract with Airbus for 63 new single-aisle A320 planes , the lease of seven and the option to buy a further 30 aircraft . Like so many of Asia Pacific 's low cost carriers , however , VietJet Air is struggling to recruit enough personnel to fulfill its lofty ambitions , due to what Sharma describes as an "  extremely serious " shortage of pilots . "  All the airlines in Vietnam are heavily dependent on international pilots , " says Sharma . "  They 're competing from the same pool of pilots as the Middle East , with the growth of Singapore , the growth of AirAsia . It 's that same pool that all these airlines are competing for , so it 's a big challenge in Vietnam . " Mil-Com has been working with VietJet Air since it was founded in 2011 , training engineers , technicians and cabin crew . At February 's Singapore Airshow , Mil-Com and Eagle Flight Training of New Zealand signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Vietnam 's Aerospace Engineering Services JSC  AESC  , to open a flight school in Vietnam , focused on training pilots . "  Even if we set up 100 airplane flying schools tomorrow , it still would n't be enough , " says Sharma . "  The shortage is that extreme . " Half a million pilots needed globally Released in August 2013 , the Boeing Pilot and Technical Market Outlook for 2013-2032 forecasts nearly half a million new commercial airline pilots will be needed to fly all the new airplanes entering the world fleet over the next 20 years . The problem is acute in Asia Pacific . There the Boeing report says the explosion in demand for air travel will mean 192,300 new pilots will be required by 2032 , including 77,400 , or 40 % of them , in China . It 's an issue the industry is working to address . "  What we can do is partner with governments , partner with training agencies , partner with airlines and focus a training curriculum that allows the training of those pilots , " says Randy Tinseth , vice president of marketing for Boeing Commercial Airplanes . "  We 're trying to get out in front of it . " Together with partner airlines , Boeing runs pilot training schools in Singapore , South Korea , Australia , Japan and China . Ground crew also in short supply Boeing 's chief competitor Airbus has a training school in Beijing and last week announced a new joint venture with Singapore Airlines to set up a $ 64 million facility , offering full pilot training in Singapore . Mil-Com works in China , too , with joint venture training centers in Xian in central northwest China and in Tianjin southeast of Beijing . As in Vietnam , the country is heavily dependent on foreign pilots because of the shortage of trained locals . Sharma says pilots in China are paid 25 % more than anywhere else in the region , and even then airlines have problems holding on to them for any more than a couple of years . But he warns there 's an even more pressing area of concern in the region . "  Everybody talks about the sexy industry of pilots , " he says . "  Nobody talks about the poor mechanic who 's in the hangar working day and night , in sweat , rain and humidity . " "  That 's challenge number one -- attract the talent pool , because a lot of kids just say , ` Yeah I 'd rather be an IT guy , work in an air-conditioned office , rather than be standing in these conditions working on an airplane , ' " says Sharma . "  So that 's a big , big challenge to attract the right talent . " According to Boeing 's Pilot and Technical Market Outlook , Asia Pacific will need 215,300 new maintenance technicians to service the new airplanes entering the region between now and 2032 . That 's 43 % of the projected global demand for technicians . David Stewart is a UK-based aviation analyst for ICF International , a government and commercial consultancy based in the Washington , D.C. area . "  You can get a new pilot in 18 months , " he says . "  You can take it from zero , to being in the right hand seat , in 18 months . It might worry some people , but that 's the truth . " "  And if you 're growing at Japan Airlines you can go and recruit out of a low-fare carrier because the pilot at the low-fare carrier wants to fly a bigger plane . So the people who 've got the problem finding the pilots are the low-fare carriers , the bottom of the food chain . "  Mechanics take five years before you can sign off a plane certificate for release . So the supply chain is much more difficult there because it takes longer for it to react . " Same problems , new solution ? Stewart says pilot shortages have been talked about for years , as has the shortage of mechanics in the United States , yet somehow the issue always gets sorted out . Boeing 's Randy Tinseth agrees . "  The market 's going to double over the next 15 to 20 years , but remember it doubled over the last 15 to 20 years that we 've just come through , " he says . "  It 's something we can manage through , but we have to get out ahead of it . " Relatively hidden among the thousand-plus exhibitors at last week 's Singapore Airshow was a small Florida-based company called DiSTI , which says it has the software to help contribute to the industry getting ahead . DiSTI does virtual maintenance training for military aircraft , including the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter and the F-16 . During a demonstration , in what looks like a video game , a maintenance technician circles an aircraft , in 3D . DiSTI President Joseph Swinski says his company is engaging the digital generation by giving them a platform they can relate to , with real training value . "  The aircraft 's always running just like it would be in the real world , " he says . "  So if somebody goes and pulls the wire somewhere or breaks a wire , the whole aircraft will then function in the way that it does in the real world . It 's a much more realistic training . " DiSTI global sales manager Christopher Giordano says by using software , you can train more cheaply , more quickly and more effectively . "  Stereotypical maintenance training right now is all done with hardware , " says Giordano . "  Hardware 's extremely expensive to build and it breaks a lot . So if you go into a virtual world and you break something , all you need to do is hit reset and you can continue your training . " The company hopes to break into the market for training commercial aircraft maintenance technicians , but concedes this could still be some years away . "  We find the commercial guys are a little bit slower to adopt things than the military , " says Swinski . "  The military likes to try things out and then validate it . " "  The commercial guys seem to want to wait until the military 's done all that , make sure it works right and then they take a look at it . So we 're kind of at that point right now . " As technology improves , simulation-based pilot certification training is also starting to take on a greater role internationally . Asia Pacific has all the predictions for growth . Whether its support systems keep pace with demand remains to be seen . Charlotte Glennie is an award-winning journalist living in Singapore . She 's worked as a foreign correspondent based out of both Beijing and Hong Kong .	Expert says , "  If we set up 100 flying schools tomorrow , it would n't be enough . " As many as half a million new pilots needed globally Asia 's airplane fleet expected to triple over next 20 years Mechanics and other qualified ground crew also in short supply
CNN  Even with the national chapter shutting the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house at the University of Oklahoma , the school president said the university 's affiliation with the fraternity is permanently done as a campus group called for the expulsion of fraternity members . The members have until midnight Tuesday to get their things out of the house , university President David Boren said in a Monday afternoon news conference . "  The house will be closed , and as far as I 'm concerned , they wo n't be back , " he said , adding that the university is exploring what actions it can take against individual fraternity members . A Saturday video showing party-bound fraternity members on a bus chanting a racial epithet found its way anonymously to the school newspaper and a campus organization , which both promptly publicized the nine-second clip . David Boren : Not just another college president The students on the bus clap and pump their fists as they boisterously chant , "  There will never be a ni **** SAE . You can hang him from a tree , but he can never sign with me . " By Sunday night , SAE 's national chapter had suspended the University of Oklahoma members and threatened lifelong suspensions for anyone responsible for the chant , but Boren took it a step further . He appeared at a campus rally and told students over a bullhorn , "  I have a message for those who have misused their freedom of speech in this way . My message to them is : You 're disgraceful . You have violated every principle that this university stands for . " He said that he was angered , outraged and saddened by what he saw in the video . Boren stressed that the fraternity members ' behavior is not indicative of what University of Oklahoma students , nicknamed Sooners , represent . "  It was unbelievable that this could have possibly occurred with UO students , " he said . "  Sooners are not racists . They 're not bigots . They are people who respect each other and care about each other . " He called for zero tolerance . "  The only way you put a stop to it is have zero tolerance when it is found out . Clearly , I think some of our students wanted this exposed . They wanted this video out there , and I 've asked them to please let me know when they 're other things like this that happen , " Boren told CNN . The student newspaper , The Oklahoma Daily , received the video in a Sunday email , said print Editor Katelyn Griffith . The fraternity celebrated its Founder 's Day on Saturday , and the video showed members traveling to a formal event that evening , she said . "  We decided that this was definitely a story they needed to cover without question , " she told CNN . "  This was something that we knew would n't be tolerated by the students at OU and the university at large . " Unheard , a campus organization launched in response to the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , received the video Sunday via anonymous text and immediately moved to "  let our community and our university know that this behavior is not tolerated , that 's it 's unacceptable and it 's extremely , extremely offensive , " said the group 's co-director , Chelsea Davis . This mentality is not new to campus , and it 's not confined to one fraternity , Davis told CNN , but it 's the first time people have been caught on video . "  Unfortunately , it took them getting caught on video camera for this to happen , but this is definitely not something that is brand-new . It 's not something that 's only seen within this one organization , " she said . Davis said the only acceptable response is to expel -- not suspend , as that would send the wrong message -- all the students involved . "  I was hurt that my fellow peers that I walk to class with every day , people that I see every day , could say such hateful things about me and my culture , about my friends , about my brothers and my sisters , " she said . At a news conference , Boren said the school was looking into punishing the individuals involved , especially against those "  who have taken a lead " in the chanting . While expulsion is an option , any punishment must be "  carefully directed " if it 's to pass constitutional muster . One key will be whether the offending students created a hostile environment on campus , he said . Boren emphasized that "  there is no room for racists and bigots " at Oklahoma . "  I think some of the students themselves may take themselves off the campus , and I hope they do because this is not a place that wants racists , " he told CNN later . That sentiment echoed throughout campus , as a large crowd of students attended a protest at the university 's North Oval , some of them arriving with tape over their mouths with the word , "  Unheard , " written across it . Other students took to social media to express their disappointment , with one person urging students to change their profile picture to an image that says in Sooner crimson , "  Not on our campus , " the "  ou " in "  our " offset in gray . OU is shorthand for the University of Oklahoma . Unheard posted the video online Sunday with the comment , "  Racism is alive at The University of Oklahoma . " It was addressed to @President_Boren , the university president 's Twitter handle . Boren quickly threatened to throw the fraternity off-campus if the allegations were true . The SAE 's national chapter also moved promptly , saying in a statement it had closed the chapter "  following the discovery of an inappropriate video . " The group further apologized for the "  unacceptable and racist behavior of the individuals in the video . " "  I was not only shocked and disappointed , but disgusted by the outright display of racism displayed in the video , " SAE national President Bradley Cohen said in a statement . A group of students gathered to pray over the racist insults . One of them told CNN affiliate KFOR-TV he was "  nauseated , frustrated , " but he was happy with the SAE headquarters ' decision . "  We should be past this . This is disgusting , " he said . Spray paint marked a wall of SAE 's fraternity house at the university . "  Tear it down , " the graffiti appeared to say . Police posted squad cars in front of the house . Members of the Oklahoma football team protested , marching in lieu of meeting and practice . Backlash extended beyond campus as well , with hip-hop star Waka Flocka Flame saying on Instagram that he was canceling an upcoming show for the SAEs . "  All races partying have a good time and enjoying themselves together peacefully . That 's what Waka Flocka is all about . For that reason , I must say I 'm disgusted and disappointed in the actions of the SAE fraternity at University of Oklahoma and I will be canceling my scheduled performance for them next month . Racism is something I will not tolerate , " the Atlanta rapper wrote . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Chuck Johnston , Nick Valencia , Tristan Milder , Lindsey Knight , Justin Lear and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	"  Sooners are not racists . They 're not bigots , " university president tells CNN Rapper Waka Flocka Flame "  disgusted , " cancels upcoming show for SAEs National chapter quickly closed fraternity as school president said ties "  severed "
Washington  CNN  -- An air of inevitability exists around Hilary Clinton for 2016 . Of course she has n't said she will run -- that 's a decision she said she 'll make this year -- but she must feel pretty good about the tea leaves . A new CNN/ORC poll out this week found that 70 % of Democrats said they are likely to support her if she launches a presidential bid . Additionally , she is beating top-tier Republican contenders , including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , in hypothetical matchups . Democratic strategist Maria Cardona predicted , with the caveat that a lot can happen between now and then , that if she runs , "  I do n't think she 'll have anyone running against her . " That 's because she is in such a strong position with her name recognition and her vast network of supporters , donors and campaign infrastructure ready to go . Emory political science professor Alan Abramowitz said the chances of Clinton being upset , like what happened in the 2008 primaries , are slim . "  I do n't see who 's going to be the Obama of 2016 , " he said . Would she say no ? But plenty of reasons exist for her to simply say no . Presidential campaigns are unbelievable grinds and they can exact a substantial personal toll . They 're full of endless days , personal attacks , and heart-clogging food . There are infinite details to master , personalities to manage , debates , and then throw in the unknowns . She will be 69 on Election Day 2016 and would have been in the political spotlight for a quarter century by then . She would have run once as the favorite for her party 's nomination and lost . Many people might reflect on a similar public service career and conclude there 's nothing left to prove , or that it 's time for others to get in the game even if becoming the first woman president was the prize . But what if Clinton does n't run ? Multiple people associated with the Democratic Party say there is a host of promising potential contenders . But one strategist , a veteran of several Democratic presidential campaigns who asked not to be identified so he could speak freely , said , "  People saw Governor Clinton and Senator Obama as superstars . " As for the potential 2016 crop : "  No one talks about the rest of the field that way . " Except for Joe Biden . "  The truth is that , if Hillary does n't run Biden becomes the class of the field by far , " the veteran Democratic strategist told CNN . "  It 's got ta be Hillary or Joe or we 're in trouble . " Biden has been cagey with his intentions , dropping humorous references but refusing to commit . But his name recognition as vice president and as a veteran of the presidential campaign trail , some in the party think Biden is in a good position . Though , he would be 73 on Election Day 2016 and 74 on Inauguration Day . That 's "  middle age " for a U.S. senator , but no one has ever walked into the Oval Office on their first day of work at that age . Jim Manley , a former top Senate aide , thinks Biden "  deserves a shot " because he 's been "  outstanding " as vice president . But Joe is Joe . People either love him , hate him or forget about him . For some Democratic operatives , Biden is almost an afterthought . People spouted off numerous potential Democratic candidates and Biden 's name would come up , eventually . "  Oh yes , Joe Biden , " said one strategist after gently jogging his memory . The progressive wing of the party is not impressed . Adam Green , co-director of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , left it at this : "  Joe Biden has had a great career in public service . " After the interview concluded , Green e-mailed to say that his co-director , Stephanie Taylor , has this to say about a Biden run : "  That would be funny , " Taylor said . Martin O'Malley Democratic pollster Margie Omero said Democrats Biden and Clinton are n't the only two who can appeal to Democratic voters . The party has "  a really strong bench of candidates that people are excited about that have progressive appeal . " She included Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , saying he has "  quietly and consistently " built a strong record of good schools and good economy in Maryland . Interestingly , in this informal survey of half a dozen Democratic operatives and one political science professor , people mentioned O'Malley most often than any other possible contender , including Biden , but their reaction was far more muted . Manley said the "  jury is out " and Abramowitz mused , "  I just do n't know what kind of candidate he 'd be . " Green called O'Malley "  a blank slate . " O'Malley is laying the groundwork for a run in the event Clinton does n't , a source close to the governor told CNN . O'Malley amplified 2016 speculation when he told the Washington Post last week that he ca n't wait for the former first lady and secretary of state to make a decision . Elizabeth Warren The first-term Massachusetts senator would have even less experience in public office than Obama when he ran in 2008 . But Democrats have a high opinion of the former Harvard professor whose advocacy paved the way for the Consumer Federal Protection Bureau . Former Obama aide Bill Burton said Warren was one of a handful of "  impressive " Democrats who could fill the bill should Clinton stay out . Cardona said Warren has to be "  put on any list . " The progressives love her for her populist agenda . Green said Warren is "  the north star " of the Democratic Party . Kirsten Gillibrand New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand 's name also came up as a potential contender . But Cardona said she would have to get over her lack of name recognition , which she said is relatively easy to do . Manley , however , said it 's "  too soon " for New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand . She should show her campaigning and fundraising capabilities as head of the Democrat 's Senate campaign arm . Andrew Cuomo The New York governor received the most negative response from respondents , if he was mentioned at all . Manley said Andrew Cuomo should "  stick to being the governor of New York . " Green said he represents the Democratic Party from the 90s and would not fit in well with today 's voters , adding that he "  pays lip service " to progressives . More on the bench ? There are other possibilities , including : Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer , Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper and Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick . But even though lifelong people had little to say as they are so unknown on a national scale . "  I 'm not sure what I can say , " Manley said . "  Untested " is how Emory professor Abramowitz described the field outside of Biden and Clinton . "  All these other candidates have never run for national office so we do n't know how they 'd do . "	Some Democrats feel even without Clinton , Biden , their crop of 2016 candidates is strong Veteran strategist disagrees : "  It 's got ta be Hillary or Joe or we 're in trouble " Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren mentioned by some
CNN  -- Do n't count Carlos Danger out of the New York mayoral race just yet . He 's still a contender . That 's Anthony Weiner , for anyone who slept through the news that more X-rated photos and text messages apparently sent  under that nom de plume  by Weiner to a then-22-year-old woman have surfaced . The raunchy messages were reportedly sent via the social media website Formspring in August 2012 , nearly a year after Weiner resigned from Congress after his first sex scandal . But this time around , Weiner is smarter . Instead of denials , Weiner has admitted communicating with the young woman and asked for forgiveness , again . "  I want to bring my vision to the people of the city of New York . I hope they are willing to still continue to give me a second chance , " Weiner said in his news conference Tuesday with his wife , Huma Abedin , a longtime Hillary Clinton adviser , standing by his side . I say Weiner should stay in the race and let the voters decide his fate . Opinion : The public humiliation of Huma Abedin And it looks like he 's planning to do just that . He 's resisting all calls to step down and has promised , once again , to stop sexting . Just 10 days ago , polls showed him narrowly leading the race for the Democratic nomination over City Council Speaker Christine Quinn , according to USA Today . Everyone loves to chime in on a scandal . And while numerous people and publications , including the New York Times editorial board , profess outrage over latest Weiner 's moral lapses -- and others are labeling him a sexual predator and demanding that he drop out -- it may be time for Americans to fess up . Anthony Weiner may be in the headlines today , but many American adults are using social networking to spice up their sex lives . Weiner 's messages are raunchy . They read more like an erotica novel by the hugely successful author Zane . And one of the reasons voters may just grant Weiner the forgiveness he 's asking for is because many of us can relate . Sexting between adults , both married and single , is on the rise . Nearly one in five adults in the U.S. says they use their smartphone for sexting , sharing explicit photos or text messages with others , says Lookout Mobile Security , which sponsored the Harris Interactive poll of 2,097 adults . The biggest age groups for sexting are 18 - to 34-year-old men  32 %  and 35 - to 44-year-old women  25 %  . Even baby boomers are getting into the action , with one in 10 people age 55 and older sexting . All those parents who are admonishing their children about the dangers of sexting ? Well , they speak from experience : The Harris survey found that 30 % of parents with children under the age of 18 have also sexted . Like it or not , we have become a sexting nation , which may explain why some voters are willing to forgive politicians caught up in sex scandals and give them a second and even a third chance . If Eliot Spitzer , who resigned as New York governor in 2008 after a scandal involving prostitutes , can rehab his political career enough to compete for New York City comptroller in this election , then it stands to reason that Weiner , with all his faults , still has the right to have voters decide whether he 's fit enough to become the city 's next mayor . "  New Yorkers have a forgiving attitude . If this was in another state , Weiner might not make it , but here , he has a chance , " said Vincent Hurst , an educator in New York . For Hurst , who says Weiner wo n't get his vote , it 's all about his politics . "  I probably wo n't vote for him -- or Eliot Spitzer , either . Weiner wants to cut 1,400 parent coordinator positions from the Department of Education . That 's a disgrace , " Hurst said . Like many voters , Hurst is concerned that the Weiner story will take away from the critical issues facing voters in the coming election . Opinion : Hey Weiner , New York does n't like to look stupid "  I 'm almost betting that another allegation will come up . This is a very important election . The new mayor will likely reform the Department of Education and other important city agencies . We need to focus on those issues , not his sex life . " Whether it 's Weiner , Spitzer or one of the city 's favorite sons , former Mayor Rudy Giuliani , the political sex scandal has become a familiar story at every level of American politics . And after the headlines fade , it almost seems a non-issue at the polls . Voters today are more likely to forgive and even re-elect the candidate unless the scandal involved gross corruption or misuse of public funds , such as when Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick was forced to leave office . Maybe the time has come to accept that American politicians are flawed , but that does n't necessarily exclude them from a productive political career . These stories will not go away , not with the incredible access technology gives us into personal lives of our neighbors around the globe . "  American attitudes are changing about sex because of evolving sexual norms and modernization , " said Alison Dagnes , associate professor of political science at Shippensburg University . "  We are a forgiving nation and will forgive the sinner if he is truly apologetic . If a politician can make the case that sexual impropriety is a personal matter , the public will likely give him a pass . " "  But the timing is a problem for Weiner , " said Dagnes , also the editor of "  Sex Scandals in American Politics : A Multidisciplinary Approach . " "  How many times is he going to apologize to the public ? " Opinion : Why Weiner 's problem is ours , too We do n't know what type of relationship Weiner has with his wife , but Abedin is standing by her husband for now . That 's her choice . New York voters will also have an important choice about Weiner and Spitzer and whether we hold our politicians to a higher moral responsibility than we hold ourselves . The decision is ours . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones : Do n't count out "  Carlos Danger " yet ; Weiner should still run for mayor Calls for him to quit may not take into account Americans ' growing tendency to "  sext , " she says She says if Spitzer can run with his sex scandal , why not Weiner ? Voters should decide Jones : Maybe it 's time to accept that flawed people can still govern productively
CNN  -- Friday 's verdict came swiftly , the evidence robust , the policing stellar . But the legacy of the young woman who was killed ca n't just be five convictions and laws improved on paper -- it must be to end the violent culture of sexual entitlement that led to her death . The death penalty will not stop assaults on women . Only two things can bring that change : certain justice , brought by nuts and bolts improvements to the criminal justice system , and mass public education . A U.N. study this week uncovered this difficult truth -- one in four men surveyed in the Asia Pacific region admitted to raping a woman . Almost three-quarters of these men did it because they believed the woman did n't have the right to say no . Unless this attitude of sexual entitlement is dissolved , the violence will go on , the police will continue to register a fraction of sexual assault complaints  encouraged by police commissioners who blamed increased rape on "  promiscuity "  , marital rape will continue to be legal , doctors will see no reason to stop using the "  two finger test "  to show a woman is used to having sex -- a practice linked to lower convictions , easy sentences  . So , the good news is there is a way to do it , and we know it can work . Public education has proven to be effective when it is evidence-based , well-targeted and resourced . Success stories show that education campaigns can limit the misogyny and patriarchy that fuel attacks . Huge education and awareness drives have slashed HIV infection rates in this country and across the world . Here in India , the "  Bell Bajao " campaign reached more than 240 million people in five years -- its spread made possible by funding and support from the central government . Evaluations of the campaign found a three-fold jump in awareness of the law against domestic violence , the willingness to discuss domestic violence jumped by 70 % , and the campaign helped stop domestic violence in many homes . And India has shown it can conquer seemingly insurmountable problems -- take polio , for example . In 2009 , this country still accounted for over half the world 's polio cases , but after two years of intensified public education to overcome fear and perform widespread vaccinations , only one single case was reported in 2011 . Only the central government has the reach and resources to lead such a campaign . It needs to commit serious money to end this epidemic of violence . That means an investment of at least 50 rupees a year for every Indian citizen in a mass public education campaign -- to reach every corner of our country . Although this seems a lot , it 's small when you consider the rewards , and much of this cost could be covered via partnerships with private media . Second , the government must show that this campaign is here to stay : a full-scale media and outreach barrage should last at least four years , while education programs in schools and other grassroots education efforts should be permanently instituted . India 's done it before , we are a country free from the scourge of polio and HIV was beaten back not only through drugs , but largely through mass awareness . Then , it was supported by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting -- now it should be done for women 's equality . Third , the prime minister must establish a responsible body with the best brains and the power to oversee this project -- drawing from the advertising industry , the most powerful ambassadors from our film industries and cricket , and the most committed campaigners in government , the women 's movement and other non-profits . To state the obvious , there is no dearth of talent in India to do this brilliantly , and such a high profile will make the campaign popular and visible , as well as accountable . And finally , the government must establish goals and targets for the reduction of sexual harassment and assault , so that progress is carefully monitored and policies are adapted and improved based on results . Only the government has the power to lead something this ambitious , because of the funding and scale such a project requires . In the past few months , thousands have been on the streets across the country and more than a million people have backed Avaaz 's call for the Indian government to launch this public education campaign . Just this week , thousands have written directly to Minister of Communications Shri Milind Deora calling for fast action . There is a huge mandate for action . The good news is that Shri Deora has already promised publicly -- in response to a question I put to him on a TV panel -- that he would back a public education campaign to help realize women 's freedoms . It is time for him to put forward a timetable and a fully costed plan . The trial that ended Friday brought some justice . But more than 24,000 women and children raped last year are struggling through a slow , often misogynist criminal justice system . Real justice will only be served though , when millions of women like that young therapist are able to work , play , loiter or go out for a walk alone in the middle of the night if they like , their freedoms intact . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Karuna Nundy .	The sentencing of the New Delhi gang rapists wo n't stop sexual violence , writes Karuna Nundy She says challenging attitudes of sexual entitlement among men will be key She is calling for a massive public education campaign to address the problem Mass public campaigns have had success in India tackling polio and HIV
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton was sworn in as the 67th U.S. secretary of state Wednesday afternoon after the Senate approved her nomination by a vote of 94-2 . Hillary Clinton gets sworn in Wednesday in her Senate office by Judge Kathryn Oberly . Former President Clinton and her Senate staff looked on as Clinton 's childhood friend and D.C. Court of Appeals Associate Judge Kathryn Oberly swore her in on a Bible belonging to the former first lady 's late father in a ceremony in her Senate office . The senators who opposed Clinton 's confirmation were Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , and David Vitter , R-Louisiana . Keeping with tradition , America 's new chief diplomat will be treated to a welcoming ceremony with employees Thursday morning in the State Department , agency officials said . Immediately after the ceremony , Clinton submitted her resignation from the Senate with identical one-sentence letters to Vice President Joe Biden , who serves as president of the Senate , Secretary of the Senate Nancy Erickson and New York Gov. David Paterson . Paterson must appoint a replacement in the Senate . The governor , who had said he would not name his choice until after Clinton 's confirmation , told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday that he had not made a decision . "  I 'm actually , I think , narrowing the field to about half of the people who are involved , and then I would hope , in the next few days , to get down to one , " he told CNN 's John Roberts . Some of the better-known candidates , including Nassau County Executive Tom Suozzi and U.S. Reps. Carolyn Maloney and Steve Israel , have pledged not to wage a primary fight against Paterson 's pick in the 2010 special election to finish the final two years of Clinton 's term . Clinton 's confirmation was held up Tuesday when Texas Republican Sen. John Cornyn objected to a voice vote , demanding a roll-call vote instead . Cornyn said he knew that Clinton would be confirmed but said he delayed the vote because he wanted more time to talk about the foundation run by her husband . The former president signed an agreement with the Obama transition team pledging to limit foreign donations and to release annual disclosures of new donations to his foundation . "  My concern is not whether our colleague Sen. Clinton is qualified to be secretary of state or not . She is , " Cornyn said . "  But we should not let our respect for Sen. Clinton or our admiration for the many good works of the Clinton Foundation blind us to the danger of perceived conflicts of interest caused by the -LSB- foundation 's -RSB- solicitation of hundreds of millions of dollars from foreign and some domestic sources , " he said . "  The perception and reality must be that the office of secretary of state is viewed around the world as beyond reproach . " Clinton was defended by Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , who used his first floor speech since the end of the presidential campaign to urge his colleagues to confirm her quickly as secretary of state . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama 's cabinet "  I think the message that the American people are sending us now is they want us to work together and get to work , " McCain said . "  I think we ought to let Sen. Clinton , who is obviously qualified and obviously will serve , get to work immediately . " McCain confidantes told CNN that the senator developed a genuinely deep admiration for Clinton during the drawn-out Democratic primary process . Both senators also sit on the Armed Services Committee and had become close on several congressional delegation trips abroad . The Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 16-1 last week in favor of Clinton 's nomination , with Vitter casting the sole dissenting vote . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ed Hornick and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. John McCain urges colleagues to confirm Hillary Clinton Childhood friend swears in Clinton on Bible belonging to her late father Clinton submits letter of resignation from the Senate Former President Clinton pledges to limit foreign donations
