John Brennan says he did not go to the Portland International Airport intending to get naked . However after feeling harassed by Transportation Security Administration screeners on Tuesday , the 50-year-old man stripped all his clothes off in a protest that got him even more attention from airport screeners , national headlines and a stint in jail . "  I just took off my clothes and said ` See , I do n't have any explosives , ' " Brennan said . "  The individuals at TSA are just doing their job and the whole organization needs to find a balance between safety and privacy . They use fear and intimidation and it 's got to stop somewhere . " The TSA had a different take on the incident . "  TSA partners with the traveling public to screen all passengers safely and efficiently . When a passenger chooses to be purposefully disruptive , we notify law enforcement , " the organization said in a statement . Brennan said he lives in Portland and was traveling to San Jose , California , for business . After he went through the metal detector and was patted down , a screener told him he tested positive for explosives , Brennan said . Brennan said he felt "  humiliated , " and that is when he decided to take all his clothes off . Brennan is no stranger to a naked protest as he has participated in a nude bike ride before in Portland . "  I am aware that 's a tool I can use for free speech , " said Brennan . "  I know that as an Oregonian and as a citizen , one of my ways of expressing myself is being naked . It gets people 's attention . " Brennan got a lot of attention by standing in his birthday suit near the security area where people were retrieving their shoes and putting their belts back on . "  Mr. Brennan 's actions caused two screening lanes to be closed and while some passengers covered their eyes and their children 's eyes and moved away from the screening area , others stepped out of the screening lanes to look , laugh and take photos of Mr. Brennan , " a police report said . TSA officials called police officers , and Brennan was handcuffed . He was walked back to a holding room as officers tried to drape a blanket on him . Brennan was later taken to a county jail . He faces charges of disorderly conduct and indecent exposure .	The man is charged with disorderly conduct and indecent exposure Brennan says he stripped naked as "  a form of protest " "  As a citizen , one of my ways of expressing myself is being naked , " Brennan says
CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the U.S. can do more to help Mexico battle drug cartels that have started operating more like terrorists and insurgent groups . "  It is one of my highest priorities , " Clinton said Friday during a speech in San Francisco at the nonpartisan Commonwealth Club . "  This is one of the most difficult fights that any country faces today . We saw it over the last couple of decades in Colombia . " "  We are watching drug traffickers undermine and corrupt governments in Central America , and we are watching the brutality and barbarity of their assaults on governors and mayors , the press , as well as each other , in Mexico , " she added . Clinton said the U.S. can do more than sending the Blackhawk helicopters it promised Mexico . She said the U.S. is helping Mexico create an anonymous tipline to report drug cartels . However , she said , it can also help Mexico rebuild its criminal system and train its police force . She likened recent drug cartel violence to terror groups . "  For the first time , they are using car bombings , " Clinton said . "  You see them being much more organized in a kind of paramilitary way . " Clinton 's remarks come the same week she discussed the U.S. effort to find David Hartley , an American believed to have been shot by drug bandits on the border of Mexico and Texas . The United States is "  supporting local law enforcement , supporting the authorities on the border , doing everything that we know to do to try to assist in helping to find the body and helping to find the perpetrators , " she said . Hartley is reported to have been shot during a September 30 boating trip by gunmen investigators believe are linked to a Mexican drug gang .	Clinton speaks at a club in San Francisco She compares drug cartels in Mexico to terror groups Remarks come the same week she talked about the Falcon Lake case
CNN  -- Torrential rain and massive floods that have been pounding Colombia this year have not let up , and dozens of people are dead amid widespread destruction , the Colombian Red Cross said Wednesday . Eighty-six people have died so far this year , it said , mainly in the central region that includes the provinces of Cundinamarca , Caldas and Antioquia . Fifty have been injured and 21 are still missing . In addition , 378,000 people have been evacuated in the South American country because their homes were destroyed by the floods , the Red Cross said . Affected areas include 1,001 municipalities in 28 of the 32 Colombian provinces . The Federal District , in which Bogota , the capital , is located , also has been affected . Sandra Calvo , a spokeswoman with the Colombian Red Cross , called the situation "  very complicated " and a "  total emergency . " "  This is the longest rainy season we 've had in the last 40 years and the one that has caused the most destruction , " Calvo said . "  We 've had everything from mudslides and flooding to rivers overflowing and destroying everything in their path . " After touring one of the most affected areas , the municipality of Puerto Nare in Antioquia province , Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said more rain is expected , which will further complicate the situation . "  This tragedy has no precedent in our history . These mountains behind me are literally crumbling and that 's going to cause many problems , " he said . Santos also called on Colombians to "  work together , " and "  coordinate our efforts " to reduce the "  immense costs resulting from this tragedy . " Andres Gonzalez Diaz , governor of Cundinamarca province , said this is "  the worst catastrophe " his government has faced . "  We have hundreds of destroyed houses and important crops that were swept away by the floods , but fortunately we 've been able to minimize the loss of human lives , " he said . Gonzalez also said that at least 20 people have died in Cundinamarca . A dozen people died in accidents resulting from roads and bridges left structurally unstable by floods and heavy rain . Antioquia is the province with the highest number of fatalities . The death toll there stands at 131 , according to the Colombian Red Cross . This is the second consecutive year that Colombia has been devastated by torrential rain and massive flooding . Last year 408 people died in the nation and more than 2.8 million people were left homeless or affected in some way by the rain .	An intense rainy season brings mudslides and flooding , a Red Cross official says "  This is the longest rainy season we 've had in the last 40 years , " she says President Santos : "  This tragedy has no precedent in our history "
San Diego  CNN  -- Who 's afraid of a harmless course in Mexican-American studies ? Arizonans . That 's who . It figures . In the immigration debate , the state that has demonstrated that it is terrified of changing demographics and determined to run off Latinos seems afraid of its own cultural footprint . We 're talking about courses in Mexican-American history being taught to high school students of all colors and backgrounds in the Tucson Unified School District . Concerned that teachers are presenting material in a biased and inflammatory manner , a posse of elected officials , education bureaucrats and school board trustees -- made up of Democrats and Republicans -- are trying to shut down the district 's Mexican-American studies program . Those wrongheaded efforts got a boost last week when , at an administrative hearing , state Administrative Law Judge Lewis Kowal -- relying on auditors that had surveyed only a few classes -- found that the program was being taught in an inappropriate manner . It 's rare that you find ethnic studies at the K-12 level . Maybe that 's because parents and communities are sometimes uncomfortable with the subject matter . I bet you could go into most high schools in the United States , and you 'd find U.S. history textbooks that make no mention of the Chicano Movement , the birth of the United Farm Workers union , the Zoot Suit Riots and a long list of other seminal events experienced by Mexican-Americans in this country . And given that Latinos account for 16 % of the U.S. population and are projected to make up twice that percentage in a few decades -- and that Mexican and Mexican-Americans account for about two-thirds of the Latino population -- that sort of blind spot does n't serve anyone 's interests . Latinos have to learn about the culture and institutions of the mainstream . Why should n't those in the mainstream have to reciprocate and learn a little something about Latinos ? That 's not only fair , but also wise . These days , it 's hard to be wise in Arizona . An ominous state law passed by the legislature in 2010 bans courses that teach "  racial resentment " or are "  designed for a specific ethnic group " or advocate "  ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals . " Under the law , the state can withhold 10 % of the funding for a school district -- in the case of Tucson , about $ 15 million a year -- until the district changes the courses or eliminates them . In writing his opinion , Kowal charged right into the debate with the grace of , well , a right-wing radio talk show host . "  Teaching oppression objectively is quite different than actively presenting material in a biased , political , and emotionally charged manner , " Kowal wrote . "  Teaching in such a manner promotes social or political activism against the white people , promotes racial resentment , and advocates ethnic solidarity , instead of treating pupils as individuals . " As an example of the harm supposedly done by such courses , he brought up one lesson that taught students that the historic treatment of Mexican-Americans was "  marked by the use of force , fraud and exploitation . " And so ? Is n't that true ? And is n't the same thing true of Asian-Americans , Native Americans and African-Americans ? Are these the next groups to be bullied ? So we wo n't teach the ugly chapters of American history . Why not just have the textbooks written by Hallmark ? Here 's what this is really about . A group of people is afraid that the tables are being turned , and that they will eventually lose power and suffer retaliation . So they 're portraying themselves as victims of a new oppression . This view is shared by Republicans and Democrats alike . It makes no difference . This is n't about partisanship . It 's about pettiness . And losing your place in line . Arizona , the problem child of the Southwest , has it backward again . In recent years , state officials have made it awfully clear where they believe Latinos belong in the social pecking order . The bottom . That was the message when artists hired to paint a mural at a school in Prescott were told to "  lighten " the face of the child at the center of the drawing because people objected that the figure was obviously Latino -- before the school came to its senses and retracted the order . That was the message when state lawmakers passed a tough immigration bill that encouraged ethnic profiling by deputizing local and state police to enforce federal immigration law based on who they suspect is in the country illegally . And that was the message when state education officials went so far as to bar instructors who are determined to have heavy accents from teaching English language classes . Opponents of ethnic studies think knowledge is dangerous . But what 's the alternative ? Take a good look at what 's become of Arizona and consider the perils of ignorance . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Rube Navarrette Jr. .	Arizona judge rules for group trying to stop school district 's Mexican-American studies Ruben Navarrette : Latino-American population is growing ; it 's fair to teach its history Arizona has approved a series of oppressive measures , he says , including immigration law These measures are championed by people afraid of changing demographics , he writes
CNN  -- Brett Rumford is enjoying the European Tour 's ` Asian Swing ' and is well placed to secure back to back victories by taking a one-shot lead into the final round of the China Open Sunday . The Australian , who won the Ballantine 's Championship in Korea last weekend with an eagle at the first playoff hole , carded a third round three-under 69 in blustery conditions at the Binhai Lake Golf Club . Rumford , 35 , carded a hat-trick of birdies to catch overnight leader Mikko Ilonen and the Finn bogeyed the last after driving into the water to relinquish the lead . It left Rumford on 12-under 204 , one clear of Illonen , with Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal in third , a further shot back . Thailand 's Kiradech Aphibarnrat will go into the final round in fourth -- three behind . The tournament has been notable for the appearance of teenage local players , notably 12-year-old Ye Wocheng , who missed the cut . But his amateur counterpart , Dou Zecheng , a relative veteran at 16 , continued to impress and carded a level-par 72 for two-under overall . "  I had some good iron shots and my putting was especially good today , but I still need to improve on my distance , " he told AFP . Up front , Rumford has taken charge but acknowledged conditions were difficult , particularly on the back nine . "  That was a tough day , " he told the official European Tour website . "  I really started to feel things on the back nine . I did really well to hang in nicely with some tired golf swings , I mentally stayed with it -- physically not so much but mentally I hung in there . " Defending champion Branden Grace of South Africa was the last player to win two successive events on the European Tour , back in January 2012 . He is nine shots behind in China after a third round 72 . Meanwhile , on the PGA Tour , Phil Mickelson grabbed a share of the halfway lead at the $ 6.7 million Fargo Championship in North Carolina . The legendary "  leftie " carded a five-under 67 at Quail Hollow to stand on a nine-under 135 . Australia 's Scott Gardiner , who matched Mickelson 's 67 , was tied for second on 137 with Americans Nick Watney and George McNeill . World No. 2 Rory McIlroy shared fifth place with five others , three behind . Mickelson finished second behind McIlroy at Quail Hollow in 2010 and is tuning up for the U.S. Open championship at Merion next month . Northern Ireland 's McIlroy , one of seven joint leaders after the first round , shot a one-under 71 to be tied with England 's Lee Westwood , Australian Rod Pampling and home pair Jason Kokrak and Derek Ernst .	Brett Rumford leads China Open by a shot after third round Rumford is bidding for successive wins on the European Tour Local amateur Dou Wocheng continues to impress Phil Mickelson leads Wells Fargo Championship on PGA Tour
CNN  -- Rafael Cabrera-Bello defied a clutch of big names to land the Dubai Desert Classic Sunday after a final round four-under 68 at the Emirates Golf Club . It was enough to give the 27-year-old Spaniard a one-shot win ahead of overnight leader Lee Westwood and Scotland 's Stephen Gallacher . Both Westwood and Gallacher had putts on the final green to force a playoff but missed to leave Cabrera-Bello to celebrate the biggest win of his career with an 18-under total of 270 . World No. 3 Westwood , now three times a runner-up in Dubai , opened up a two-shot lead early in the final round when he eagled the second . But the Englishman struggled on the greens in difficult and breezy conditions . Other big names also faltered , with World No. 2 Rory McIlroy dropping three shots to the turn before staging a late recovery to tie for fifth on 14-under . The U.S. Open champion had led at halfway with Thomas Bjorn of Denmark on 13-under , but finished with rounds of 72 and 71 . Former U.S. PGA champion Martin Kaymer of Germany , who started the final day two shots adrift , missed early birdie chances and fell away with a 74 . Germany 's Marcel Siem finished alone in third on 15-under after failing to press home his challenge on the back nine . Cabrera-Bello , who led after a first round nine-under 63 , was delighted by his performance and his surprise victory . "  I played well throughout the week and I am delighted to finish ahead of such a good field this week . This is unbelievable . " The tournament was the last of the ` Desert Swing ' on the European Tour , also taking in Abu Dhabi and Qatar . Robert Rock of England upstaged Tiger Woods to win the first tournament with Scotland 's Paul Lawrie claiming victory in Doha . Meanwhile , Woods is four shots behind third round leader Charlie Wi going into the last day of the Pebble Beach Pro-Am in California . Woods , still seeking his first full-field tournament win in over two years , shot a five-under 67 for third place , He will be paired with arch-rival Phil Mickelson , who is in a five-strong group tied for fourth at nine-under . Wi will partner second-placed Ken Duke , who is three shots behind , in the final round .	Rafael Cabrera-Bello of Spain wins Dubai Desert Classic Final round 68 at Emirates Golf Club secures one-shot win Lee Westwood and Stephen Gallacher share second spot Tiger Woods in contention at Pebble Beach Pro-Am in California
Washington  CNN  -- Two steps forward , one step back . A surge of optimism on Monday for a possible compromise to end the partial government shutdown and avoid a U.S. default as soon as this week got jolted by the sudden postponement of a White House meeting between President Barack Obama and congressional leaders . In a brief statement , the White House said the meeting announced earlier in the day was put on hold "  to allow leaders in the Senate time to continue making important progress " toward a solution . It was unclear if the development signaled a problem or was needed to give more time for talks between Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and his Republican counterpart , Mitch McConnell , to finish an agreement that could win approval in the Senate and the House . 7 crazy side effects from the shutdown Negotiations heated up with the Democratic and Republican leaders signaling progress . Both Reid and McConnell took to the Senate floor to express optimism for a compromise on the twin priorities that they expected to be reasonable and acceptable to both sides . Reid 's tone remained positive as night fell over the Capitol . "  We 've made tremendous progress , " he said , saying that "  everyone just needs to be patient " and that "  perhaps tomorrow will be a bright day . " Key negotiators also maintained an upbeat posture and financial markets , which Washington is watching very closely considering their volatility over the political impasse , also ended the day higher with Wall Street heartened by news of a possible deal , especially on the debt limit . At the same time , both sides noted that nothing had been finalized and the postponement of the meeting between congressional leaders and Obama and Vice President Joe Biden raised a new question mark in the process . Supporters stand by representatives and government shutdown During a visit Monday to a local food pantry , Obama cited progress in the Senate negotiations but also warned of what he called continued partisan brinkmanship by House Republicans who "  continue to think that somehow they can extract concessions by keeping the government shut down or by threatening default . " "  My hope is a spirit of cooperation will move us forward over the next few hours , " Obama said . Shutdown drags on The failure of Congress to authorize spending for the new fiscal year triggered the shutdown on October 1 . Another deadline looms on Thursday , when the Treasury says it will need Congress to raise the debt ceiling so it can borrow more money to pay all the government 's bills . During his visit to Martha 's Table in Washington , Obama said the congressional leaders could "  solve this problem today . " The crisis with an on/off switch He warned that a default , in which the government would lack enough cash on hand to pay down its debt obligations as well as other daily bills such as Social Security checks , "  could have a potentially devastating effect on our economy . " "  We 've already had a damaging effect on our economy because of the shutdown , " he said . "  That damage would be greatly magnified if we do n't make sure that government 's paying its bills , and that has to be decided this week . " The Treasury Department said it will be unable to pay the government 's bills unless the debt limit is increased by Thursday . As reported by CNN 's Dana Bash and CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta , the main sticking point involves how long an agreement would fund the government to end the shutdown and increase the debt limit . Democrats want the debt ceiling increase to extend as long as possible to avoid similar showdowns in coming months . Conservatives defiant in the face of GOP troubles At the same time , they seek a temporary spending plan to reopen the government while formal budget negotiations work out a longer-term agreement that can negate the impacts of the forced sequestration cuts . Republicans , however , want a longer spending proposal that would lock in the planned sequestration cuts in coming months , with a shorter debt ceiling extension in order to negotiate further deficit-reduction measures . Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , and moderate GOP Sen. Susan Collins of Maine have spearheaded the bipartisan talks . Separately , Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee also cited progress . "  We 'll get this done . We 're gon na get this done . I feel real confident , " Manchin said . Manchin said the goal was to get at least 65 Senate votes -- which would mean 10 or more from Republicans -- to help Speaker John Boehner generate GOP backing in the House despite certain opposition from the tea party conservative wing . Manchin said Reid and McConnell must work out specifics . The two party leaders met twice in the morning and early afternoon , and they offered their optimistic assessments after their second face-to-face discussion . Boehner also dropped by McConnell 's office to get an update on the talks , his aide confirmed . Has shutdown affected you ? Share your story with CNN iReport . Details of proposal fluid Democratic sources told Bash and CNN 's Deirdre Walsh that the proposal under consideration by Reid and McConnell would fund the government through January 15 , allowing it to reopen for at least three months or so . At the same time , negotiations on a budget for the full fiscal year would have a deadline of some time in December , the sources said . Meanwhile , the debt ceiling would be increased through February 7 to put off the threat of default for almost four months , according to sources in both parties . The budget negotiations were expected to address deficit reduction measures and therefore could impact when the debt limit would need to be increased again . Paul Ryan steps into budget fight In addition , provisions involving Obama 's signature health care reforms could be included , such as strengthening verification measures for people seeking federal subsidies to help them purchase health insurance required by the 2010 Affordable Care Act , the sources said . Another possible change to the health care reforms would delay a fee on employers , unions and other plan sponsors that raise money to compensate insurance companies for taking on high-risk customers in the early years of Obamacare . CNN political analyst John Avlon said Monday that Democrats wanted to press what they perceive as an advantage over Republicans on how the public is perceiving the latest round of Washington budget and deficit brinkmanship . "  What 's behind it  are  poll numbers that saw Republicans getting their butt kicked because of this whole gamesmanship , " Avlon said . Mindful that the Thursday debt deadline is days away , House Republican leaders are considering all their options even as Republican and Democratic Senate leaders try to craft a deal on the debt ceiling , said a GOP leadership aide , speaking on the condition of anonymity . Computer failure temporarily halts some food stamp payments Rallier tells Obama to ` put the Quran down ' Will 2014 election solve anything ? CNN 's Dana Ford , Greg Clary , Deirdre Walsh , Mark Preston , Chelsea J. Carter , Dan Merica , Brianna Keilar and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Under deal being negotiated , the debt ceiling would be increased until February 7 , sources say Senate majority leader hopes that Tuesday will be "  bright " in Washington Democratic sources say changes to Obamacare under consideration President Obama chides House Republicans for partisan brinksmanship
Among chief executives , Steve Jobs was an outlier . CEOs of public companies are generally hands-on , but Jobs was involved in practically every detail , from determining which industries Apple should invade to the material used for the iPhone 's screen . Jobs even got directly involved in customer service , which was a part of Apple 's business for which he exercised a great deal of attention and patience . He fielded e-mails about broken laptops and intervened on support calls . By comparison , a representative for AT&T , Apple 's longtime carrier partner for the coveted iPhone , threatened a customer , who had twice e-mailed company CEO Randall Stephenson complaining about price hikes , with a cease-and-desist notice . "  I do n't think even Steve Jobs can spin 2 GB for $ 25/month as a good thing for the consumer , " the customer , Giorgio Galante , wrote in his recap , as reported by Wired , which is a CNN.com content partner . Unlike other leaders , Jobs was not only handling an unusual number of his company 's own basic customer service inquiries , but he also fielded some of Stephenson 's , since AT&T and Apple were conjoined on various business interests relating to the iPhone and iPad . When a customer asked Jobs via e-mail in 2008 why BlackBerry owners could tether their phones to their computers for wireless Internet access but the same could not be done with an iPhone , Jobs wrote , "  We agree , and are discussing it with ATT . " The feature eventually came . Asked about tethering an iPhone to an iPad on AT&T , Jobs replied only , "  No . " Jobs consoled another AT&T customer , Mark Trapp , who expressed his frustration over his cell carrier 's plans to discontinue unlimited data plans . "  I think its  sic  going to work out just fine for almost all customers . Try it , " Jobs wrote , but he was less supportive in a message to another customer , Dennis Wurster , about the same matter : "  It 's between you and ATT . " Steve 's proclivity for responding to e-mails , and the reputation that came with that , made his inbox a prominent target for customers looking to overstep rows of supervisors to get broken computers replaced and generous credit for service outages . This approach intensified as his legendary reputation and Apple 's customer base grew . Apple took notice and repurposed the messages to be used as data points for internal use , evidenced by a graph charting customer complaints about the ill-fated Internet service , MobileMe . Long before that , however , Jobs was extraordinarily embedded in handling customer complaints . On October 11 , 1999 , not long after Jobs returned to a dying company and took on the title of interim CEO  or iCEO  , he fielded an inquiry from a customer named David about iBook laptop shortages . "  We are doing the best we can with a limited supply  which is finally now increasing  . Please remember that some of the first pre-orders came from CompUSA , " Jobs wrote . Dozens of stories have floated around the Web about the times when an e-mail to Jobs yielded a phone call from an executive support team and an outcome that far exceeded reasonable expectations . In 1999 , a customer got his G4 Tower desktop repaired after an e-mail to Jobs resulted in a phone call from the mysterious Executive Relations team . In 2001 , a student software developer was told by Apple support that , despite his sob story about dropping the hard drive connected to his laptop causing damage , they could n't resolve an issue that resulted from physical abuse . After writing to the CEO , he got a call from one of Jobs ' associates who asked him several questions and then tempered his expectations by saying similarly that he did not meet the standards for a comped repair . But a month passed after he took his computer in for repairs , and there was still no charge from Apple . The customer recalled on an Internet message board : "  I contacted the support people , and they said the charges had been waived by ` someone higher up . ' Uncle Steve must be smiling on me . " Jobs would not always grant customers ' wishes , and he certainly did not buy into the adage that "  the customer is always right . " For example , a customer complaining about Apple not honoring its warranty for his computer received the following response from Jobs in 2008 : "  This is what happens when your MacBook Pro sustains water damage . They are pro machines and they do n't like water . It sounds like you 're just looking for someone to get mad at other than yourself . " Jobs did n't often pick up the phone to go back and forth with customers , but at least one Apple customer , Scott Steckley , recalls a time when an e-mail to Jobs , explaining how there seemed to be no end in sight to his wait for a computer repair , was met with a phone call . "  Hi Scott , this is Steve , " Steckley recalled hearing from the other end of the phone . "  Steve Jobs ? " he asked . "  Yeah , " Jobs said . "  I just wanted to apologize for your incredibly long wait . It 's really nobody 's fault . It 's just one of those things . " "  Yeah , I understand . " Then Jobs explained that he expedited the repair . "  I also wanted to thank you for your support of Apple , " Jobs said . "  I see how much equipment you own . It really makes my day to see someone who enjoys our products so much and who supports us in the good times and bad . "	Apple 's Steve Jobs sometimes fielded customer service inquiries by e-mail Jobs sometimes provided exceptional support but could also be cold "  I just wanted to apologize for your incredibly long wait , " Jobs told one customer
CNN  -- Can you think of one sport where men and women compete against each other as equals ? Stumped ? Try horse racing , where female jockeys regularly jump in the hot seat alongside their male counterparts . But it 's not just the riders facing-off as they thunder down the track . The horses carrying them towards the finish line are locked in their own battle of the sexes -- and it seems the animal kingdom is n't as different to humans as you might imagine . While male and female thoroughbreds are fairly evenly matched in physical ability , the girls must overcome commercial and even psychological constraints to get ahead in the sporting world . Sound familiar ? "  At the top level , it does take a special filly to beat the boys , " Paul Rogers , spokesman at the British Horse Racing Authority , told CNN . A man 's world ? It may seem like quite a stretch comparing women in the workplace to fillies in the field , but just like that so called boardroom glass ceiling , female horses are the minority in the racing world . Male horses -- known as stallions , geldings or colts depending on whether their manhood is still intact -- far outnumber females -- called fillies -- on the track . In British flat racing , 63 % of horses are male , while 37 % are female . It 's a similar story for the overwhelming number of male winners -- 67 % compared to just 33 % for the girls . Even in America 's most prestigious horse race -- the Kentucky Derby -- only three fillies have won in the competition 's 138-year-history . Hormonal horses So why do boy horses rule the roost ? "  It tends to be that male horses are a bit bigger and taller than females -- a bit like men and women , " said Rogers . "  A lot of it also has to do with hormones . Temperament-wise , female horses are probably a bit more placid . And when they come into season -- have their periods -- they can be unpredictable . " That said , stallions -- male horses which have n't been castrated -- can also be flighty , if somewhat more aggressive on the track , added Rogers . Even playing field ? Yet compare their ability ratings -- zero for a dud to 140 for an unbeaten thoroughbred in the UK -- and both genders score around the same . Males have a median rating of 69 , while females score 64 . "  While size plays a role -- taller horses tend to have a longer stride -- I would n't necessarily say male horses have more stamina , " said Rogers . "  In terms of distance , they 're probably equally adept . It 's more a question of parentage -- if mum and dad are sprinters , then their son or daughter will be the same . " The slight discrepancy in ratings , means male horses will often carry a few extra pounds in weights , to even out the playing field . Bred for success The high number of male race horses may also be down to their profitability off the track . "  From a racing industry perspective , if a male horse is successful on the racetrack , they will also be worth a lot more money as a breeding stud -- anything up to around $ 150,000 per offspring , " said Tim Whitaker , head of postgraduate study in equine science at Britain 's Duchy College . "  With a mare however , she will only be able to produce one foal a year . But if you get it right -- and it is rare -- you could have a breeding stallion which earns millions . " Perhaps the best example of a super stud 's earning power is British colt Frankel , which retired last year with an unbeaten 14-win record . Today , he commands a fee of $ 190,000 for each offspring and is expected to generate a staggering $ 150 million in his stud career . Leading ladies That said , one of the most remarkable champions the racing world has ever seen also retired last year -- a female thoroughbred called Black Caviar . The Australian mare notched up 25 consecutive wins , becoming not just a national sports star but a celebrity who even graced the cover of Vogue magazine . "  Her allegiance level is phenomenal , " Colin Madden , one of Black Caviar 's eight owners , said . "  She 's a powerful horse who just fronts up every time and people really like that consistency . " The girls may have some way to go in catching the boys . But it seems that even in the equine world , the race is far from over .	Horse racing rare sport where males and females compete against each other Not just jockeys -- but horses . How does gender affect their chances ? More winning male horses than females , seen as taller , stronger , faster Aussie champion Black Caviar , best female thoroughbred in history
CNN  -- Can the media get over their collective obsession with weight ? Fat chance . For some strange reason , here we are again , talking about Michelle Obama 's derriere . And , for good measure , Chris Christie 's girth . Watch : Why is Washington Post highlighting Michelle Obama 's rear ? It 's easy , it 's fun , it 's good for clicks and ratings . It 's also kinda cheap . The Washington Post used a pretty flimsy peg -- Alabama high school football coach Bob Grisham caught on tape -- to run a Style section piece on the weighty issue . "  Fat butt Michelle Obama , " the coach is heard saying , declaring her overweight . Grisham was suspended by the school  he says he misspoke  . But this is national news ? Really ? Talk Back : Should Christie be shamed into losing weight ? Of course , the paper dressed it up with highfalutin ' sociology . "  The focus on this first lady 's posterior has historical antecedents , " the article says , launching into questions about how black women have long faced scrutiny about their bodies . Well , maybe . And yes , Rush Limbaugh and Republican Rep. James Sensenbrenner have sounded off about Obama 's bottom . And yes , the fact that she has mounted an anti-obesity campaign does sort of put her in the crossfire . Watch : Chris Christie 's doughnut diplomacy with Letterman But as the Post acknowledges , Michelle Obama is a 5-foot-11-inch woman with toned arms who is widely viewed as being in good shape . She 's not a triathlete ; she 's a working mother of two . So when the story asks , "  What is it with Michelle Obama 's critics and the fixation with her derriere ? " I would turn that question around . What is the media fixation with publicizing it every time some bozo sounds off about her backside ? This is an uncomfortable reminder that the media business celebrates models bordering on anorexic , making perfectly proportioned young girls and women feel heavy because they do n't have superthin  and often airbrushed  celebrity bodies . This may help promote the fashion industry , which considers normal women plus-size , but it bears little relation to real life . Christie is a different case . Having endured endless jokes about his oversized frame , the New Jersey governor shrewdly decided the best path was to poke fun at himself . Watch : Is Facebook over ? More friends taking ` vacations ' from site So he appeared on David Letterman 's couch this week , one of his chief tormenters , and promptly shoved a doughnut into his mouth . He allowed that he did n't mind fat jokes if they 're funny . It was self-deprecating humor that showed Christie to be a real human being . But the truth is that the teasing does bother Christie . And there is a serious question here beneath the laughter . Christie is grossly overweight , and his health would be a legitimate issue if he runs for president in 2016 . Which , as you may have noticed , is four years from now . Doughnuts aside , Christie treated the matter more seriously at a news conference , saying that he 's "  remarkably healthy " but that "  my doctor continues to warn me that my luck is going to run out relatively soon . " The governor showed he had lost none of his feistiness after Connie Mariano , a former White House physician , said on CNN : "  I worry that he may have a heart attack , he may have a stroke . ... I worry about this man dying in office . " Christie upbraided her Wednesday for diagnosing him without an examination : "  She must be a genius . She should probably be the surgeon general of the United States . " He said she was just another hack seeking "  her five minutes on TV . " Well , you started it with your doughnut diplomacy , Governor . Watch : Doonesbury 's plea to save newspapers  and his strip If Christie becomes a White House contender , everything is fair game . He can hardly complain about other folks after his "  Late Show " shtick . But I ca n't help but think it is easier for pundits to pontificate about Christie 's weight than to examine his record in Trenton . Everyone who has worried about those extra pounds can relate to the story , but the coverage is out of hand . If I never read another word about Michelle Obama 's behind , I may go celebrate with a Krispy Kreme . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : Media obsessed with Chris Christie and Michelle Obama 's weight Kurtz : Michelle Obama is 5 ' 11 " and in good shape despite comments about her rear Chris Christie 's girth is serious , he says . If he runs for president his weight is fair game Kurtz : Media obsessed with weight , stick-thin models who border on anorexia
CNN  -- You ca n't get through a conversation with Jesse Dayton without hearing a reference to Texas at least once . Musician Jesse Dayton has branched out to a new fanbase by collaborating with Rob Zombie . He wears the name Beaumont , his birthplace , like a badge of honor and he rolls through a set list of stories about his musical collaborations in the Lone Star state with humble pride . Dayton has earned a hard core following in Texas . But his recent collaborations with rocker-turned-director Rob Zombie have earned him an unexpected fan base -- among horror movie fans . Most recently , Dayton joined Zombie to record a soundtrack for the movie "  Halloween II " as Captain Clegg and the Night Creatures -- a gig that also earned him some time on screen . Watch Dayton discuss his new project " Dayton spoke to CNN recently about his career and newfound fan base . The following is a portion of that interview : CNN : You have a lot of appreciation for Waylon Jennings . Dayton : I was actually on a talk show in Nashville -LSB- Tennessee -RSB- and Waylon was cooking with his wife , Jessi Colter . They were watching the show I was on because Kris Kristofferson was on . They saw me and called me the next morning and said , "  Waylon cut his finger . He wants you to come down here . " So it was a total fluke . Waylon was like my Elvis , especially growing up . My earliest memories were my mom 's 8-track in the parlor listening to Willie -LSB- Nelson -RSB- and Waylon . CNN : You are not really part of the Nashville music scene . Why ? Dayton : I 'm not intentionally staying away from what 's going on in Nashville . I 'm just being myself . Texas is like a whole other planet . Bob Wills got kicked off the Grand Ole Opry . Willie Nelson did n't get on the radio until he left Nashville . There 's a long history of that . I do n't put down Nashville . They 're just doing what they 're supposed to do , which is sell as many records as they can . But we 've just learned that there 's a whole crowd of people out there that love Johnny Cash but are n't into what they 're playing on country radio . That 's been the crowd we 're attracting . The cool thing we love about having a cult following is that radio and record companies can never take that away from us . It 's something we went out and earned one fan at a time . I love looking out in the crowd and seeing one guy with a cowboy hat on , one guy with long hair from the Rob Zombie camp and maybe some rockabilly kids . CNN : What is the story behind your collaboration with Rob Zombie in 2005 ? Dayton : He said , "  Hey man , we 're making the ultimate white trash horror movie called ` The Devil 's Rejects . ' We think your music would be perfect for it " which is kind of a left-handed compliment , I guess . CNN : Now you 're appearing in "  Halloween II " and recorded a soundtrack for the movie ? Dayton : It 's really fun for me . We 're taking on this whole identity of this band . The record 's going to be called "  Captain Clegg and the Night Creatures . " -LSB- Zombie -RSB- would call me and say , "  Hey , I got this idea for this song called ` Doctor Demon and the Robot Girl ' " or -LSB- he would ask me to write -RSB- a sort of '60s country thing-meets Tom Jones . CNN : Are you a good actor ? Dayton : Elvis said , "  The only thing worse than seeing a bad movie is being in one . " I think the only thing worse than watching a bad actor is being one . I do n't take it seriously at all . I 'm just a musician who 's there for color . If I can show up and be myself and not have to act ? Perfect .	Country musician Jesse Dayton has gained fans among lovers of horror films Dayton has been collaborating with rocker-turned-director Rob Zombie Pair recorded "  Halloween II " soundtrack and Dayton does some acting in movie
CNN  -- February 26 , 2012 . That was the day two strangers -- Trayvon Martin , an unarmed black teenager walking back with Skittles and an iced tea he 'd picked up at 7-Eleven , and George Zimmerman , a white Hispanic neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford , Florida -- met for the first and only time . It 's been nearly a year since Zimmerman shot Martin to death . The incident generated huge outrage across the country for months and led to a wide-ranging conversation about the state of U.S. race relations . Zimmerman acknowledged shooting Martin but said it was in self-defense . Attorneys for Martin 's family have accused Zimmerman of racially profiling Martin and shooting him "  in cold blood . " Attention to the case has died down substantially in recent months , and you may have been focused on other things . Here are a few things you might not know about the case , which is scheduled for a June 10 trial . 1 . Photos , evidence trickle out , seemingly helping , hurting both sides From the beginning , Zimmerman insisted he was a victim : Martin attacked him , then they tussled , he said . At one point , the teenager forced Zimmerman to the ground -- his head hitting the pavement -- and he cried out for help . It was then that Zimmerman , saying he had no other choice , shot Martin . Martin 's family members say Zimmerman tracked down and sought out Martin , ignoring a 911 dispatcher 's directive , then shot dead the unarmed teen . Unless there 's a plea deal , the case is dismissed or there is another unexpected turn of events , the final decision of who is right and wrong will be made by jurors . What happened the night Trayvon Martin died When they do , they 'll delve into mounds of evidence , key elements of which emerged well after the initial hubbub erupted . For example , did Martin handle the gun he was ultimately shot with ? No , according to test results made public last May , which showed evidence of Zimmerman 's hands on the firearm , but not those of the teenager he killed . And an analysis showed that scrapings from underneath the teenager 's fingernails did not contain any of Zimmerman 's DNA , as may rub off in a prolonged struggle . Yet Zimmerman has said there was a bloody fight before the shooting , and he 's got the pictures to prove it . Those include photos , reportedly taken minutes after the shooting , showing streaks of blood on the back of Zimmerman 's head . And in December , a photo posted on Zimmerman 's defense web site , one that his lawyers say was taken that same winter night , showed the defendant with blood on his nose and lips . Read police report 2 . George Zimmerman 's legal defense fund keeps pulling in cash -- and needs it As of January 2 , the fund had raised $ 314,099 , according to a web site established by Zimmerman 's legal team to solicit contributions to help pay for the defense effort . That 's up from the $ 180,000 Zimmerman raised on his own before turning the money over to his lawyer last year . What 's the money been used for ? The biggest single expense remains the $ 95,000 bond to secure his release from jail . The fund has also paid $ 61,747.54 in living expenses for Zimmerman and his wife , who are now living in an undisclosed rental home , at a price his legal team describes as "  reasonable , " in Seminole County , Florida . Other expenses include $ 56,100 for security , a little more than $ 76,000 in expenses for the law firm and the case , and $ 3,201 in miscellaneous expenses . Those include Zimmerman 's GPS monitoring fees , office supplies and the occasional pizza for interns on the case , who work for free , according to the web site . And they say they need much more money . Claiming that Zimmerman 's team is already operating "  on a shoestring budget , relying on individuals who have been willing to work for free or at a substantially reduced rate , " a message on the defense fund 's web site predicts the total costs of defending Zimmerman will top $ 1 million . His two top defense attorneys , Mark O'Mara and Don West , have not been paid yet , the web site states . "  The state has virtually unlimited resources to prosecute George , " the web site reads . "  To finance his defense , however , George relies on the generosity of individuals who believe he is innocent . " 3 . Zimmerman is not just fighting the prosecution , he 's also suing NBC In December , Zimmerman filed a lawsuit accusing the network of taking his comments to a 911 dispatcher out of context in an effort to sensationalize the case . The lawsuit accuses the network of removing nearly a minute of dialogue and dead air between Zimmerman and the dispatcher to bring comments that Martin appeared to be "  up to no good " and "  he looks black " closer together . The lawsuit also accuses NBC of falsely claiming Zimmerman used a racial epithet in describing Martin . The network , Zimmerman 's suit claims , used "  deceptive and exploitative manipulations " to increase ratings . The network 's airings of the edited recordings in March 2012 contributed to death threats that forced Zimmerman into hiding , the lawsuit says . The lawsuit alleges that such coverage led to death threats against Zimmerman , who wears a bulletproof vest and was even dismissed from his college because it felt fellow students could be endangered . He also had to move from his neighborhood in Sanford , leading to various unforeseen expenses . "  Due to the defendants ' journalistic crimes , Zimmerman has been transformed into one of the most hated men in America , " the suit said . NBC Universal disputes the accusations . "  There was no intent to portray Mr. Zimmerman unfairly , " the company said at the time . "  We intend to vigorously defend our position in court . " 4 . ` Stand your ground ' law does n't apply , defendant 's lawyers say The Florida law , passed in 2006 , says people who feel threatened do n't have to retreat from danger , no matter where they are . And it became a huge point of contention after Zimmerman 's arrest , with his supporters saying the incident demonstrated the precise need for the law and critics saying it encourages a "  Wild West " or vigilante mentality . But Zimmerman 's lawyers say it does n't apply to his case , at least not exactly . "  In this particular case , George did not have an ability to retreat because he was on the ground with Trayvon Martin mounting him , striking blows , therefore the Stand Your Ground ` benefit ' given by the statute simply does not apply to the facts of George 's case : it is traditional self-defense , " Zimmerman 's attorneys said on the web site detailing his legal case . But they do intend to ask a judge to apply the immunity provisions of Florida 's self-defense law to stave off a trial on the charges . Unstable ground : The fine line between self-defense and murder The law says people who use fatal force within the guidelines set out by the law are immune from prosecution . A hearing on the issue could happen in April , according to the web site . 5 . Trayvon Martin would have celebrated his 18th birthday this month Martin would have turned 18 on February 5 . His supporters marked his birthday with a peace rally in a historically black part of Sanford in central Florida , CNN affiliate WFTV reported . It was a relatively small affair , about 70 people , compared with the thousands who turned out regularly to support Martin 's family and demand Zimmerman 's prosecution in the weeks immediately after his death . Those rallies , led oftentimes by civil rights leaders from around the country , helped catapult the case into the national limelight . Trayvon Martin 's parents ready to let jury decide fate of son 's killer Unlike early demonstrations , where supporters issued loud and relentless calls for justice , the Sanford birthday ceremony was more subdued . This time , supporters wore bracelets reading "  Band Together , " WFTV reported , and called for healing in the community after the shooting , which divided black and white residents and put the police department in a harsh light for not immediately arresting Zimmerman . "  There 's something coming out of this , and that 's understanding . Sanford will be a better community for it , " said lawyer Natalie Jackson , who was among those representing the Martin family in the spring . Two people who were front and center at those earlier rallies -- Martin 's parents , Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin -- were not in Sanford that day . Instead , they quietly and privately marked their late son 's birthday in Miami , WFTV said .	Trayvon Martin was killed by George Zimmerman one year ago Tuesday Zimmerman says it was self-defense , but he 's been charged with murder The case drew national attention , some of it focused on race relations Photos , evidence and a new lawsuit tied to the case have emerged in recent months
CNN  -- Instead of contractions , they 're called surges . And do n't call it labor , it 's birthing . When the discomfort of childbirth kicks in , it 's pressure -- not pain . The philosophy behind HypnoBirthing is to remove the fear of giving birth , its practitioners say . They believe that by training themselves to calm their body and mind to a state of self-hypnosis , they can reduce pain and discomfort . It 's another trend in birthing that gives women the opportunity to prepare for childbirth such as Lamaze classes , yoga and the Bradley method . While it 's unclear how many women deliver babies using HypnoBirthing , it 's institute says there are about 1,400 practitioners in the United States who train pregnant women to use the methods . Moms who 've taken HypnoBirthing classes give birth at hospitals . Some choose to get pain medication , epidurals or cesarean sections . Others elect to give birth at home . The point of HypnoBirthing is that giving birth is natural and can be done with less anxiety , its practitioners say . It does not promise pain-free childbirth . "  The difference is that we 're saying let us teach you what happens within the body , " said Marie Mongan , a hypnotherapist who founded the HypnoBirthing Institute . "  What we 're doing is educating them about what is happening within the body . " August is typically the busiest month for childbirths , according to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data . A handful of hospitals such as the Cleveland Clinic and Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center offer HypnoBirthing training . These classes are usually offered along with a variety of other childbirth preparation courses . Mongan said HypnoBirthing 's popularity has increased mostly because of word of mouth among moms and pregnant Hollywood celebrities . Actresses such as Jessica Alba and Tiffani Thiessen , and model Miranda Kerr have talked about the pre-birthing techniques that rely on deep relaxation . "  There are ever so many more practitioners who want to become involved at this point , " said Mongan . "  We 're 100 over where we were last year in people coming in wanting to teach HypnoBirthing . It seems to be everywhere . We 're getting a lot more media interest , celebrity interest . " The ` easy ' childbirth : One mom 's story Unlike the stereotype , in HypnoBirthing , nobody swings a pocket watch back and forth to lull a mother to sleep during labor . The mothers stay awake during the process , but train themselves to calm down so they may appear as if they 're sleeping . Some use instrumental music , rhythms and affirmations . They are encouraged to visualize a relaxed place or a goal like cuddling with their newborn . "  It 's like a self-hypnosis , " said Joyce Poplar , a perinatal educator who teaches at Cleveland Clinic 's Hillcrest Hospital . "  They 're in a deep , relaxed , limp state . Every single woman is imagining something different -- whether it 's a place in their mind , an outdoor place such as a beach scene . It 's feeling it , being aware of it and having a sensory perception on that beach scene , smelling the salt in the air , hearing the seagulls . They 're completely there in a trance-like state . " They also learn breathing techniques . "  The body knows how to birth the baby , just like it knew how to grow that baby for nine months , " Poplar said . "  I 'm teaching the moms the skills to listen to their bodies and the power of the uterus to do the work . " HypnoBirth instructors say the methods reduce pain that stems from apprehension and anxiety about giving birth . "  We really focus on relaxation , releasing all the fears that moms have when they 're having birth , " Poplar said . "  We 're getting rid of the fears , memories , experiences , or the mistaken belief they might have had , so they can move forward with natural childbirth . " Melanie Johnson of Hudson , Ohio , had heard plenty of horror stories about labor . "  Everyone wants to inflate the negativity of birth , comparing who had it the worst , " she said . That 's why HypnoBirthers use a different vocabulary . But does changing some words and teaching relaxation techniques really result in a different type of labor ? The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists referred CNN.com to the American Society of Anesthesiologists . Dr. Craig M. Palmer , the society 's chair of the committee on obstetrical anesthesia , said he was n't familiar with HypnoBirthing , but noted it could be a useful technique . "  Any sort of childbirth prep that a mother will undergo is useful from a medical and anesthesiologist 's point , " said Palmer , a professor of anesthesiology at the University of Arizona Health Sciences Center in Tucson , Arizona . "  The more prepared you are for labor , the more positive your outcome . As an anesthesiologist , any technique that improves patients ' mental focus and state of mind is a good thing . " When Amber Diez , a mother of four from Pembroke Pines , Florida , was pregnant with her first child , she was told by her instructor , "  This is going to be the worst pain in your life . " It turned out to be a self-fulfilling prophecy . "  It was the worst pain in my life , " said Diez , who was in labor for 12 hours . "  I was scared and nervous . " For her second pregnancy , she carried twins and dreaded childbirth . So her doula gave her HypnoBirthing CDs . At first , Diez scoffed at what she called , "  weird-sounding , hippie stuff . " Her family poked fun at the CDs and pretended to fall fast asleep from hypnosis . Diez listened to the CDs every night for a few weeks . When she went into labor for her twins , she found herself relaxed . "  When you 're not scared of it , you 're able to focus on your body to do what it 's made to do , " Diez said . "  When you 're not afraid , you do n't experience as much pain as someone else would . " Women who have tried HypnoBirthing say there is pain , but it was n't unbearable . "  At the end of labor , right before they 're about to come out , I did experience pain , " Diez said . "  It was right at the end . I felt like I trusted my body . " Johnson took HypnoBirthing courses because she wanted to give birth without drugs . When she felt the contractions , she serenely listened to Bach and Beethoven on her iPod and focused on her breathing techniques . Every time she felt a contraction she focused on her breathing . "  I visualized the goal on a surge-by-surge basis , " Johnson said . "  You 're visualizing what you 've got to do to get through the surge . " When she screamed "  ow , " her doula coaxed her into a rhythmic ohm . "  I did feel pain , but it was n't intolerable , " Johnson said . "  I knew if I could get through this one , I could get through the next one . I could restore energy between each surge . " After 14 hours of labor at home and eight hours at the hospital , Johnson gave birth to a healthy baby girl , Elise . "  It was n't easy by any stretch , " she said . "  They do n't say there is no pain . The pain is going to be different for every woman . HypnoBirthing does n't say you do n't have pain . It gets you in a mode where you can endure it . "	HypnoBirth trains moms to calm body and mind to a state of self-hypnosis Its popularity has soared due to word of mouth among moms and pregnant Hollywood celebrities It does not promote itself as pain free , but says it could reduce discomfort
CNN  -- Americans are forgoing medical attention in the face of high health-care costs , a new consumer health survey has found . The high cost of medical care and treatment has some sick people opting out of treatment , a survey finds . Specifically , 24 percent of people polled in the 2009 Deloitte Survey of Health Care Consumers decided not to seek medical care when they were sick or injured . The largest subgroups were those who were uninsured  36 percent  , and those between ages 28 and 44 , referred to as "  Gen Y " respondents in the survey  37 percent  . Two-fifths of the people who did n't see a doctor when they needed one did so because of the high cost of care . They either did n't have medical insurance coverage or they perceived the cost of such care to be excessive , according to the survey , which was released early Tuesday to CNN by the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions , a nonpartisan , independent research center . "  Costs are impacting the system , and it 's changing how we respond to our health care , " said Paul Keckley , executive director of the center . In addition to data about how many Americans fail to seek necessary medical care because of high costs , another theme that emerged in the survey focused on consumers ' dissatisfaction with the nation 's health-care system :  94 percent of respondents said they believe health-care costs threaten their own financial security .  More than half said they think 50 percent or more of the money spent by Americans on health care is a waste .  Only 6 percent indicated their own family is totally prepared to shoulder the financial burden they expect to face . Not only are Americans putting off health care and facing increasing dissatisfaction , they are also shopping around for better deals on doctors ' fees , prescription medication prices or health insurance plans to cut costs , according to the survey . There has been a lot of perceived loyalty and commitment in health care , Keckley said , and many providers think patients will stay with them . "  This study suggests that people really do n't -LSB- stay -RSB- , " Keckley added . "  And that 's surprising . " Despite the desire to shop around and gather more information to make improved decisions about their health-care choices , the abundance of options also can be baffling , says Kathleen Stoll , deputy director of Families USA . The group is a nonprofit , nonpartisan health care advocacy organization that regularly advises consumers on choosing insurance coverage plans . "  People weigh the costs of deductibles versus premiums , and these options can be confusing . They are asking themselves , ` What is it that I can afford in the family budget ? ' I sense a lot of people feeling unnerved by having to choose less -LSB- insurance -RSB- coverage because that 's all they can afford , " Stoll told CNN . The survey also underscored Americans ' receptiveness to innovations that potentially lower costs and offer greater convenience , pointing toward growing preferences for options such as retail walk-in primary care clinics in drug stores , medical tourism  high-quality , relatively inexpensive medical procedures obtained abroad  and Web-based medical services  often referred to as e-visits  . Sampling a nationally representative group of more than 4,000 adults using a Web-based questionnaire , the survey was funded by the center 's parent company , Deloitte LLP , which has a wide range of clients in the health care industry . The center released its first version of the annual survey results in 2008 . Last month , the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation released its own health-care survey findings , with even greater numbers reflecting cutbacks in spending on medical services and treatments . According to the report , more than half of American households scaled back health-care spending in the previous 12 months before the survey , which was conducted in early February . Families relied on home remedies and over-the-counter medications instead of going to the doctor about 35 percent of the time , and they skipped visits to the dentist 34 percent of the time .	Survey finds 24 % of respondents skip medical care when they 're sick or injured Largest groups affected by high prices : uninsured and people between 28 and 44 Deloitte Survey also finds people shopping around for best prices Other trends : walk-in clinics in drug stores and medical tourism in cheaper nations
PARIS , France  CNN  -- France on Wednesday said accusations by Rwanda that French politicians and military officials helped prepare and carry out the 1994 Rwandan genocide are "  unacceptable . " Alain Juppe , French foreign minister during the Rwanda genocide , calls the report an attempt to re-write history . Rwanda 's Ministry of Justice released a report Tuesday detailing the alleged French role in the mass killings , which left 800,000 people dead in 100 days when Hutu extremists went on a rampage killing Tutsis and moderate Hutus . The report implicates 33 top French officials , including former French President Francois Mitterrand , and said French soldiers committed some of the killings . The report was compiled by an independent national commission in Rwanda . But France questioned the objectivity of the commission , which was formed to "  shed light on the role of France in the genocide of Tutsis in 1994 , " according to the Rwandan government 's Web site . There is no surprise in the conclusions of the commission given its mission , the French Foreign Ministry said in a statement . It also decried the contents of the report . "  There are , in this report , unacceptable accusations leveled against French politicians and the French military , " the Foreign Ministry said . Alain Juppe , who served as the French foreign minister at the time of the Rwandan massacres and who is named in the Rwandan report , said the panel 's findings are part of Rwanda 's efforts to "  re-write history . " "  We are witnessing for several years now an insidious attempt to re-write history , " the French newspaper Le Figaro quoted Juppe as writing on his blog in January . "  This effort 's  goal is to transform France into a party engaged in complicity in the genocide . This is an unacceptable falsification , " Juppe said in his blog , according to the article published Wednesday . "  During the time I was in charge of French diplomacy  April 1993 to May 1995  , we made every effort possible to help in the reconciliation of Rwandans . " The French Government said it has cooperated with the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and has arrested Rwandan suspects in French territories wanted in connection with the genocide . In addition to Mitterrand , the report also names former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin and Admiral Jacques Lanxade , who was army chief of staff from 1991 to 1995 . It says they worked with the then-Rwandan government to carry out the genocide . "  French soldiers themselves directly were involved in assassinations of Tutsis and Hutus accused of hiding Tutsis , " the report says . "  French soldiers committed many rapes , specifically with Tutsi women . " In announcing the findings of the independent commission on Rwandan television Tuesday , Justice Minister Tharcisse Karugarama said the report could be the basis for future legal action against former French politicians and military officials . In July , according to Le Figaro , Rwandan President Paul Kagame threatened to indict French officials in the matter unless European courts revoked arrest warrants issued against Rwandans named in the killings . The killings began April 7 , 1994 , the day after a plane carrying the presidents of Rwanda and Burundi was shot out of the sky with a missile as it prepared to land in the Rwandan capital of Kigali . The United Nations says the genocide was "  highly organized , " with top government and ruling party officials playing a role . The United Nations says lists were drawn up of Tutsi and opposition leaders "  earmarked for assassination " before the genocide began . French forces deployed to Rwanda in June 1994 for a humanitarian mission dubbed Operation Turquoise . France says the operation established safe humanitarian zones to shelter the population and that troops allowed thousands of others to escape the fighting . The Rwandan report says it was during Operation Turquoise that the French soldiers took part in assassinations and rapes -- acts based solely , the report says , on account of the victims ' ethnicity .	France : Accusations of French role in Rwanda genocide are "  unacceptable " Rwandan report says French soldiers killed and raped in Rwanda Late President Mitterrand , former Prime Minister Villepin named in report 800,000 killed during 100-day rampage in 1994
CNN  -- A strong earthquake struck southern Peru on Sunday evening , injuring at least two people and damaging buildings , authorities said . A house was destroyed and 19 other buildings were damaged , including a hospital , Peru 's Emergency Operations Center said . The 6.9-magnitude earthquake hit a mountainous area 43 kilometers  27 miles  east-northeast of Tambo at a depth of 101 kilometers  63 miles  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The USGS revised down the quake 's strength from the magnitude of 7.0 that it initially reported , as well as adjusting its data on the location and depth of the epicenter . The damaged buildings included 14 houses , three schools and a church , according to authorities . The emergency center also reported minor landslides in two areas .	The quake hits a mountainous area , causing damage to buildings At least two people have been injured , authorities report The USGS revises down the quake 's magnitude from 7.0 to 6.9
Washington  CNN  -- It 's coming next week . Or next month . It 'll protect 5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation . Or 3 million . Or less . There 's still a lot of uncertainty about President Obama 's upcoming immigration executive order , since Obama himself has yet to make a final decision on an action to fix the broken system . But while details are n't yet locked down , there are a few things we know for certain : the move is coming before year 's end , the fate of millions of immigrants are at stake , and Republicans are fuming . Here 's what else you should know about the upcoming immigration order : What is Obama going to do ? The biggest question -- one the White House is n't ready to answer quite yet -- is what changes Obama will bring to the immigration system to make it fairer . He vowed to take action on his own earlier this year , saying Congress had failed to pass any meaningful reforms themselves . Administration officials , however , have laid out the contours of a plan : many parents of American citizens , who are undocumented immigrants themselves , will be allowed to stay and work in the United States legally . An estimate from the Migration Policy Institute puts the number of undocumented parents who might be eligible -- since they 've been in the United States for 5 years -- at 3.3 million . Related : The immigration waiting game will end soon Other potential areas of reform include extending the deportation deferment for immigrants who were brought to the United States as children . Obama enacted a rule in 2012 permitting some of those children to avoid deportation , but there were age restrictions . Changing them could bring hundreds of thousands more into the fold . Officials also said the plan could include a stronger focus on deporting criminals who are undocumented immigrants and an expansion of worker visas in areas like technology . Lastly , the plan could include new resources to bolster security on the border . What will that actually do for immigrants ? Immigration activists have long called for a fix to the system that would end deportations splitting up families . Thanks to the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , anyone born in the U.S. is automatically a citizen - that includes children whose parents are undocumented immigrants . But this also means many immigrant families find themselves in positions where one or both parents face deportation , while their children are allowed to stay . Permitting those parents in the United States to work legally and avoid deportation would allow families to remain together . President Obama has said keeping families together would be part of the reason he 'll acting alone to provide relief from the threat of deportation . How many people would be affected by the move remains to be determined , since the details are n't yet finalized . If Obama announces he 'll allow all undocumented parents of U.S. citizens , legal permanent residents , or deferred-deportation-eligible kids , 3.7 million people could be affected , according to the Migration Policy Institute 's report . But a stricter policy could bring those numbers down . Mandating parents live in the U.S. for at least 5 years before becoming eligible would bring the number affected to 3.4 million ; a 10-year minimum would bring it down further to an estimated 2.6 million people . Will it be enough ? Even under the broadest interpretation , Obama is expected to provide relief to 5 million undocumented immigrants . That 's fewer than half the 11.7 million currently thought to be in the United States . His action would be far less sweeping than a comprehensive bill passed through Congress . It would also be temporary . The next president could simply undo the orders and re-start deportations . But with Congress unlikely to pass a comprehensive bill , Obama 's action may be the best activists can hope for . Immigration rights groups have been waiting a long time for Obama to pull the trigger on his immigration action . First announced this spring , the White House initially said the actions would be in place by the end of the summer . Politics got in the way when Obama pushed the announcement until after this month 's midterm elections . Now activists say anticipation is high with the waiting game nearing an end . But their expectations for Obama 's final plan are n't exactly sky high . "  Our expectations are n't tempered . But we fear that Obama 's may be , " said Clarissa Martinez , deputy vice president of the National Council of La Raza . Lorella Praeli , the advocacy director at immigrants ' rights group United We Dream , said she expected the eventual announcement to fall somewhere short of the maximum Obama could do with his executive power . "  I think they will try to couch that as ` these are our political constraints , ' " she said . What will Republicans do if Obama offers relief to many undocumented immigrants ? Impeachment ? As soon as Obama announced he was taking unilateral action on immigration , Republicans denounced him as overstepping his constitutional bounds . Those cries of overreach do n't show signs of quieting as the announcement nears . On the extreme end are calls for impeachment , which were fueled this week when Rep. Joe Barton , a Republican from Texas , said Obama 's moves could spark proceedings in the House . Charles Krauthammer , a conservative columnist , said Thursday night the potential actions are "  an impeachable offense . " Related : Immigration action would spur calls for impeachment It 's hard to say exactly how Republicans will react since the action has n't been announced in any detail . But no matter what Obama does it 's certain to spark GOP outrage . House Speaker John Boehner said Obama was playing with matches and "  would get burned " if he went ahead with executive action . Soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the president would "  poison the well " in terms of working with Republicans for the final two years of his presidency . The lawsuit against Obama that House Republicans have threatened could be expanded to include the immigration order . And any funding required for the plan could be held up in Congress . All that only seems to empower Democrats , who say the threats demonstrate how resistant the GOP is to changing the broken immigration system . Will it all cause a government shutdown ? It all comes down to timing . As Obama prepares to unveil the long-awaited immigration action , lawmakers in the Congressional lame duck are wading through some important business , chiefly passing a measure that would fund the federal government . If the immigration announcement comes before the spending bill is passed , Republicans could hold it up . With funds running out in mid-December , that could trigger another government shutdown . To avoid that , Republicans could pass a short-term spending measure the keeps the government running while they determine their next steps . But even some Democrats do n't want to take chances -- Sen. Harry Reid , the outgoing Senate Majority Leader , said he wanted Obama to wait until after the spending bill passes to make the immigration announcement . The White House , meanwhile , has n't given any hints on when the announcement will come , saying the decision wo n't be made until Obama returns from his trip to Asia this weekend . Related : Could immigration cause another government shutdown ?	President Obama has said he 'll act on his own to help undocumented immigrants by the end of the year Republicans have said it will "  poison the well " if he goes around Congress
Washington  CNN  -- Under fire after veterans died waiting for appointments at VA hospitals , Veteran Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki will say Thursday that he is "  angered and saddened " but wo n't be providing much detail about how his department is correcting the problems , according to prepared congressional testimony obtained by CNN . In fact , Shinseki , who is scheduled to testify in front of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee on Thursday , wo n't even acknowledge that there are problems . Finally , Senate and vets to hear from Shinseki on growing scandal According to the written testimony , Shinseki will say the VA Inspector General 's Office , which has launched an independent investigation , has advised the department not to provide information that could compromise their inquiry . "  I am personally angered and saddened by any adverse consequence that a veteran might experience while in , or as a result of , our care , " he says in the prepared testimony . Last month , CNN revealed that at least 40 veterans died waiting for appointments at the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system , according to sources inside the hospital and a doctor who worked there . Many of those veterans were placed on a secret waiting list , the sources said . A fatal wait : Veterans languish and die on a VA hospital 's secret list Since November , CNN has uncovered delays in care at VA facilities across the country where numerous VA staffers have stepped forward to allege dangerously long wait times and efforts by VA officials to cover them up . The VA has previously admitted that 23 veterans passed away because of delays , and 53 others had adverse health effects at VA facilities across the country . Sources now tell CNN the Office of Inspector General is investigating in six states , including Arizona . "  In response to allegations about scheduling and delays at the Phoenix VA , " Shinseki will say according to the testimony , "  I invited an independent investigation by the VA Office of Inspector General  OIG  to conduct a comprehensive , thorough and timely review . "  If these allegations are true , they are completely unacceptable -- to veterans , to me and to our dedicated VHA employees , " Shinseki says in the prepared testimony . "  If they are substantiated by OIG , responsible and timely action will be taken . " Shinseki also said that he has placed three employees , including two senior executives , on administrative leave at the request of the Inspector General 's office . Shinseki will also tell lawmakers that he has directed the Veterans Health Administration to "  complete a nationwide access review , " according to the testimony . President Barack Obama has appointed Rob Nabors , his deputy chief of staff , to assist Veterans Affairs officials conduct the review . "  America has a sacred trust with the men and women who serve our country in uniform -- one that continues when they come home -- and we must do everything to keep that trust , " Obama said in a statement Wednesday . The inspector general 's investigation and access review , along with the administrative leave , have all been previously made public . Two VA employees in North Carolina on leave Scheduler in Texas claims waits for appointments were covered up November : A dire situation in South Carolina CNN 's Scott Bronstein contributed to this report	CNN has obtained prepared congressional testimony by Eric Shinseki The Veterans Affairs secretary is scheduled to testify to a Senate panel Thursday His statements reflect concern but offer no specifics in the response to VA scandal Since November , CNN has uncovered delays in care at VA facilities across the country
CNN  -- With three places up for grabs on the U.S. Olympic track team , two women tied for third place in the women 's 100 meters over the weekend -- crossing the line at exactly the same time -- which means the coveted Olympic spot could be decided by a coin toss . Sprinters Allyson Felix and Jeneba Tarmoh threw their bodies across the finish line so evenly matched that cameras recording 3,000 frames a second could n't tell who beat whom . Both runners recorded precisely the same finishing time , down to thousandths of a second : 11.068 seconds . Two women beat Felix and Tarmoh : Carmelita Jeter and Tianna Madison . Their first and second place finishes on Saturday give them the chance to represent the United States at the Olympics in London this summer . But the photo finish leaves USA Track & Field with a dilemma : Who gets the third slot ? There appears to be no precedent for a dead heat at U.S. Olympic Team track and field trials , prompting the U.S. Olympic Committee to announce new rules Sunday . One of the runners can give up her claim to a spot on the Olympic team . If neither one takes that unlikely option , they 'll be asked if they want to run a tie-breaking race or flip a coin . If they choose the same option , the committee will respect their wishes . If they disagree , they 'll have to race for it . And if both athletes refuse to declare a preference , officials will flip a coin -- a U.S. quarter to be exact . Leaving nothing to chance , other than the flip itself , the rules also detail who gets to pick heads or tails and how the coin should be flipped . "  The USATF representative shall bend his or her index finger at a 90-degree angle to his or her thumb , allowing the coin to rest on his or her thumb , " the rules say . No date has been set for the tie-breaker to take . Both women have other races to run over the course of the week .	Allyson Felix and Jeneba Tarmoh cross the line at exactly the same time , cameras show Olympic officials are giving them the choice of a rematch or a coin toss There does n't appear to be any precedent in U.S. Olympic trials for a dead heat
InStyle.com  -- Try separates "  The way today 's working woman dresses is much more relaxed , " says Ann Taylor fashion director Kristin Rawson , who stresses that separates are perfectly acceptable -- and often more versatile than a suit -- for an interview . Choose classic shapes like a pencil skirt and a cardigan or blazer , and add interest to the look with a leather belt , statement necklace or printed blouse . Shop your jewelry box Before hitting the stores , sift through your jewelry box -- that piece you 've forgotten about from years ago may be the perfect personal accent to your outfit . InStyle.com : 45 spring accessories under $ 100 "  The important thing with jewelry , real or fake , is that it does n't look cheap , or garish , " says J. Crew creative director Jenna Lyons . She suggests "  wearing multiple strands of similar or unmatched necklaces together " for a sophisticated-yet-modern look . Wear luxe-looking shoes "  Shoes and bags are generally where you do want to spend money , but there are many affordable options that look quite expensive , " says InStyle fashion director Cindy Weber Cleary . Specifically , shoes made of stamped leather that resemble croc or lizard in neutral colors are sure-fire luxe-looking choices . InStyle.com : 10 hairstyles always in style Look for modern details when buying a suit "  It 's not that a suit is more appropriate -LSB- than separates -RSB- , " says Liz Claiborne New York creative director Isaac Mizrahi , "  it 's just so easy to wear two matching pieces . " InStyle.com : 10 ways to look more polished To make a lasting impression , look for a classic suit with modern details like fitted tailoring , three-quarter sleeves , and Mizrahi 's favorite , "  strong shoulders . " Punch up your look with a sleek , colorful bag While neutrals always look great , J. Crew design director Tom Mora says carrying a bag in a great color is a fun and inexpensive way to update your look . Just make sure it 's on the small and structured side . "  Generally oversize bags can overwhelm the wearer and give her a sloppy appearance , " says Mora . See more fashion coverage at InStyle.com Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Experts tell job seekers they should look their best at interviews Ann Taylor fashion chief Separates perfectly acceptable -- more versatile than suit Isaac Mizrahi : Classic suit with modern details like fitted tailoring , three-quarter sleeves J. Crew design director : Punch up your look with a sleek , colorful bag
JACKSONVILLE , North Carolina  CNN  -- Christina Laurean has told authorities she was attending a Christmas party on the night her husband allegedly killed pregnant Marine Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach , according to police . Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean , wanted for murder , may have fled to his native Mexico . Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean is charged with first-degree murder . He remains at large , and authorities say he may have fled to Mexico . Also , an affidavit obtained Thursday by CNN states that Christina Laurean knew about the death one day before reporting it to authorities . The Marines were assigned to Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach was eight months pregnant when she was reported missing December 19 . Authorities say she was killed four days earlier . A warrant allowed authorities to search Western Union records . Authorities said in the accompanying affidavit that Cesar Laurean and his wife received a transfer of money between December 10 and January 12 . The affidavit provided no other details . Authorities requested the search warrant and all accompanying documents be sealed . The FBI says Laurean may have fled to his native country of Mexico . Cesar Laurean , 21 , is a naturalized U.S. citizen . He mailed at least one letter from Houston , Texas , since his disappearance , CNN affiliate KPRC in Houston reported Thursday . According to the affidavit , Christina Laurean , 25 -- who also is a Marine -- went with her husband to a Jacksonville attorney on January 10 , and the lawyer told Cesar Laurean he could face the death penalty . The next day , Christina Laurean reported Lauterbach 's death to the Onslow County Sheriff 's Office , where she appeared with an attorney and a sergeant from her former chain of command . She turned over to deputies several notes from her husband that she said she found at their home . In the notes , Cesar Laurean said Lauterbach committed suicide and he buried her . Lauterbach , 20 , had accused Cesar Laurean of raping her and was to testify at a military hearing not long after her disappearance . According to a co-worker , she feared Cesar Laurean , although the military said she told prosecutors she did not . Lauterbach 's allegations involved two encounters -- one on or about March 26 and one approximately two weeks later , the Marines told CNN . Lauterbach received two protective orders , one of which was in effect when she died . Christina Laurean on January 11 told authorities her husband had denied the rape allegations and said he was not the baby 's father , according to the affidavit . In the document she says her husband told her : Dubois contends the facts show probable cause exists to show that Cesar Laurean "  committed murder . " The detective said he does n't believe Lauterbach committed suicide , especially because she had told people she wanted the child . Christina Laurean told police she was at a Christmas party for her husband 's Marine unit during the late afternoon and evening of December 15 , Onslow County Sheriff Ed Brown told CNN . Her husband did not attend the party , she told authorities . Lauterbach 's charred remains and those believed to be of her unborn child were found in a fire pit in the Laureans ' backyard . Police have said blood spatters were found throughout the Laurean home on walls and ceilings , and evidence showed someone tried to clean them up and paint over them . DNA testing is being conducted to see if Lauterbach 's unborn baby was fathered by Cesar Laurean , Brown said , adding there was no rush on the part of detectives to get those results . The FBI is offering a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to Cesar Laurean 's arrest . Anyone in Mexico with information is asked to contact the legal attache at the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City . Meanwhile , authorities have discovered the weapon likely used to kill Lauterbach , a spokesman for the Onslow County Sheriff 's Office said Thursday . Authorities have said the woman died of blunt force trauma to the head . A man who had rented a room to Lauterbach , Sgt. Daniel Durham , told investigators he found a note from her December 14 -- the day she was last seen -- saying she was tired of the Marine Corps life and was leaving . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rusty Dornin contributed to this report .	NEW : Woman says husband did n't show up at a party on suspected date of killing NEW : DNA testing under way to see if Cesar Laurean fathered the victim 's child Accused Marine and his wife spoke to lawyer after pregnant Marine slain Marine fled the next day , is believed to have headed to native Mexico
Read a version of this story in Arabic . Financial Times  -- White Britons no longer make up the majority of people in London for the first time , according to the latest census data which pointed to a cosmopolitan capital increasingly divergent from the national economy around it . The 2011 data also revealed a population of England and Wales that is generally better educated but less religious than it was a decade ago -- and less likely to live in a home that they own . The total population rose by 3.7 m to 56.1 m , an increase of 7 per cent from the previous census in 2001 . Migration was responsible for 60 per cent of that growth -- 2.1 m people . Of the 13 per cent of the population who were born outside the UK -- 7.5 m residents -- just more than half arrived within the past 10 years . This compares with the 2001 census , when 9 per cent of the population was born outside the UK . The surge of immigration has been especially striking in London , where more than one in three people -- 37 per cent -- were born outside the UK . Only 45 per cent of London 's population were white people of English , Scottish or Welsh heritage , according to the latest data , down from almost 60 per cent in 2001 . This makes London the first UK region where white ethnic Britons have become a minority . The top source of new migrants to England and Wales overall for the decade was India -- supplanting Ireland in the decade to 2001 -- while the second-biggest source was Poland . In the 2001 census , Poland did not make the top 10 . In another major deomographic shift , home ownership has fallen over the past 10 years , according to this latest data , marking the first decade-on-decade decline since detailed records began 60 years ago . The figures show how growing numbers of Britons are being locked out of the property market by high prices and a shortage of credit . The proportion of residents who either owned their home outright or owned with a mortgage fell to 64 per cent in 2011 , from 68 per cent in 2001 , said the Office for National Statistics . However , a bigger proportion , 31 per cent , owned their homes outright than they did a decade ago , highlighting a growing divergence between homeowners and those unable to get on the housing ladder . "  These figures confirm that home ownership is slipping further and further out of reach , no matter how hard people work or save , " said Campbell Robb , chief executive of Shelter , the housing charity . "  Young people are living at home well into their 30s ... but unable to afford a place of their own . " The percentage of the population renting from private landlords rose 6 percentage points from a decade earlier to 15 per cent . Overall , the population of England and Wales has become better educated than it was a decade ago . A higher percentage have university degrees than have no qualifications , a reversal of the situation in 2001 . Levels of educational attainment in London are far higher than the national averages , with 27.2 per cent of the national population having attained a university degree or better , compared with 44.7 per cent of those living in inner London . Indeed , in five of 14 inner London boroughs , more than half the population have university or equal level qualifications . And Britain is apparently becoming less religious . The question on religious affiliation is voluntary , so not all applicants may have answered it . However , the percentage identifying themselves as Christian fell to 59 per cent , from 72 per cent in 2001 . Christianity was the only religious group to have experienced a fall in numbers , despite the growth in the population generally . The second-largest religious identity was none at all . In 2011 , a quarter of the population said it had no religious affiliation , up from 15 per cent in 2001 , according to the figures released by the Office for National Statistics on Tuesday .  The Financial Times Limited 2012	The latest census data shows that white Britons are no longer a majority in London The data also says that Britons are better educated , less likely to own a home and less religious Migration was responsible for 60 % of the population growth from 2001 to 2011 India and Poland are the top two sources of new migrants to England
CNN  -- A New Jersey police officer plead not guilty on Friday , a day after he was arrested and charged with setting fire to the house of an Edison police captain and his family . Michael A. Dotro was arrested on Thursday at his home in Manalapan , New Jersey , after an investigation by the Middlesex County prosecutor 's office and the Monroe Township Police Department . That investigation determined that a fire at the police captain 's home early on May 20 had been intentionally started outside the house . Police , EMT personnel and firefighters were called to the two-story , colonial-style home of police Capt. Mark Anderko shortly before 4 a.m. on May 20 . Anderko was in the house with his wife , two children and 92-year old mother . The fire was extinguished within 10 to 15 minutes and there were no injuries , but the house was damaged . "  The investigators described it as considerable , one part of the house had damage on the first and second floor of the home , " said Jim O'Neil , spokesman for the Middlesex County Prosecutor 's Office . Dotro , 35 , was charged with five counts of attempted murder and one count of aggravated arson , authorities said . A nine-year veteran of the Edison police department , he was suspended from his job with pay . Dotro 's lawyer , Lawrence Bitterman , said that his client is "  in shock " and had told Bitterman that "  he ca n't believe he 's being arrested . " Superior Court Judge Bradley Ferencz on Friday upheld previously set bail conditions on Friday , which included a $ 5 million bail . If the bail is posted , Dotro must surrender his firearms and passport and may not have any contact with the victims . "  I believe they have the wrong guy , " said Bitterman . Bitterman said that Dotro also told him , "  The thought of anyone doing this to his brother officer makes me  Dotro  sick . " Citing court restrictions , the prosecutor 's office declined to give details of the evidence or to talk about the motive . The investigation is still ongoing but Bitterman said the search warrant did n't return any incriminating evidence .	Police officer Michael Dotro is charged with arson , attempted murder The fire occurred at the home of a police captain Both the officer and the captain are with the Edison , New Jersey , police department Dotro 's lawyer says his client is "  in shock " over charges against him
CNN  -- Threatening an airline on Twitter is a terrible idea . An airline such as American Airlines -- which was attacked by terrorists on September 11 , 2001 , and lost two planes filled with passengers and crew -- is likely to take your public threats seriously . It might even get you arrested , as was the case of the 14-year-old Dutch girl who recently wrote , " @AmericanAir hello my name 's Ibrahim and I 'm from Afghanistan . I 'm part of Al Qaida and on June 1st I 'm gon na do something really big bye . "  The teen was arrested Monday afternoon . Teen arrested for tweeting airline terror threat Foolishness -- at home or abroad -- rarely yields great results . So please stop doing stupid stuff while traveling . Just stop it . You 're making the rest of us polite , culture-seeking , nature-loving and happy-to-practice-our-Spanish  or French or Arabic  tourists look bad . And you could end up in jail . Here are a few stupid examples of things you should n't do : Do n't knock over ancient rocks . Never mind that the Boy Scout leaders who knocked over rocks dating back millions of years in Utah 's Goblin Valley State Park should have known better . Our nation 's national and state parks are not anyone 's private playground . Please respect them and leave the ancient wonders intact for everyone to enjoy .  In March , Utah resident Glenn Taylor pleaded guilty to criminal mischief and another Utah man , David Hall , pleaded guilty to attempted criminal mischief . Both men received a year of probation and fines . Do n't parade around naked in inappropriate places . Peruvian officials are getting annoyed by naked tourists converging on Machu Picchu . "  There are places in the world that people can get naked , but not all places are  appropriate  for getting undressed , " Alfredo Mormontoy Atayupanqui , director of archaeological resources for Peru 's Ministry of Culture , told CNN . Perhaps a 15th century Inca treasure and World Heritage Site is n't one of those places . Park rules printed on the back of your admission ticket warn against being nude in public , Mormontoy says . Security around the site is being increased , and we have the naked visitors to thank for it . Please do n't disrobe , unless it 's allowed by local custom !  See Nice , France , for topless beaches . Do n't write on sacred monuments . Not all of the badly behaving travelers are Americans . Last year , a 15-year-old Chinese tourist defaced a stone sculpture in the 3,500-year-old Luxor Temple with graffiti . The teen carved "  Ding Jinhao was here " in Chinese on a sculpture . The graffiti was photographed by another Chinese tourist and posted online . When his graffiti went viral , and he was tracked down , his parents apologized in a China Daily report , promising they were taking responsibility for what their son had done . Do n't climb them either . Visitors to the pyramids at Giza , Egypt , are n't supposed to climb them . Russian photographer Vadim Makhorov and a group of his friends , in search of glorious photos , apparently did n't think the rules applied to them . While Makhorov apologized for climbing the pyramids , he 's made a habit of climbing tall structures . He 's since scaled the world 's second-tallest building , the unfinished Shanghai Tower in China . Do n't pack guns in your carry on . If you 've got one , remember to ask yourself : "  Where 's my gun ? " Some people actually forget where their guns are located until the Transportation Security Administration finds them . The TSA confiscated 1,813 guns at the airport last year , and Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport came in first place with 111 guns seized . If you meant to have your gun in your carry-on bag , know there are legal ways to transport weapons -- but not the way you did it . Many hunters do it properly all the time , and TSA and U.S. Customs officials know how to clear your weapons safely . Have you ever witnessed fellow travelers making really horrendous mistakes while traveling ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Teen arrested for sending out al Qaeda-like tweet threat to American Airlines Other ill-advised traveler behaviors including defacing ancient monuments The TSA seized nearly 2,000 guns last year during security screenings
CNN  -- Think back to the age before GoldieBlox , before gender-neutral Easy-Bake ovens , before "  My Princess Boy " or "  It Gets Better " or "  Lean In . " Way before apps for infants or TV networks for toddlers , in the days when "  Schoolhouse Rock " was in its infancy . That 'd bring you to the early 1970s , when an album in a bright pink sleeve was passed among teachers , parents , librarians and kids . It was called "  Free to Be ... You and Me , " and record players around the country spun songs such as "  William 's Doll , " "  Parents are People " and "  It 's All Right to Cry . " When it debuted in 1972 , there was nothing else like it -- at least , nothing so popular . It was feminist and multicultural ; an early childhood education in empathy ; multimedia before anybody used the word . There was the gold record album , a best-selling book and in 1974 , an Emmy - and Peabody-winning TV special that starred its creator , Marlo Thomas , "  and friends " -- literally , her formidable list of famous pals , including Harry Belafonte , Alan Alda , Diana Ross , Roberta Flack , Carl Reiner , Rosey Grier and a young Michael Jackson . More than 40 years later , there 's nostalgia in its opening chords and a legacy that still courses through classrooms . "  Children memorized every lyric and asked their parents and teacher to play the record over and over again , " Letty Cottin Pogrebin , a Ms. magazine co-founder , wrote in the 2012 book "  When We Were Free to Be : Looking Back at a Children 's Classic and the Difference It Made . " "  It challenged teachers to face up to their entrenched , often unacknowledged , gender biases and to cast a more critical eye on the books they were assigning , whom they called on most often in class , whom they allowed to dominate the block corner or the dress-up box . " The idea began with Thomas , star of the sitcom "  That Girl , " and , in 1971 , a new auntie . Her young niece 's storybooks were the same ones Thomas had read as a kid , and recent entries to the bedtime canon reinforced that boys were pilots and doctors while girls were stewardesses and nurses . With the help of her friends and contacts , including poet Shel Silverstein and co-producer Carole Hart , the album and book were born . "  Honestly I was just trying to do something for one little girl , " Thomas wrote in "  When We Were Free to Be . " "  That it would grow to become a cultural phenomenon was never a part of the plan . " "  Free to Be " was revolutionary for its kid-savvy and reach , but it was n't universally beloved . For every "  Free to Be " class play , another school would n't acknowledge it . TV producers initially balked at a song that seemed to show Thomas and Belafonte as an interracial couple . At least one TV critic warned parents to keep kids away from the television when "  Free to Be " was on . Focus on the Family founder James Dobson criticized it and advocated for traditional gender roles in child-rearing . Even its supporters argued that some of the skits were classist , and noted its bent toward traditional families with mommies , daddies and children . But its overall message lined up with shifting attitudes of the time , said Lori Rotskoff , a cultural historian and co-editor of "  When We Were Free to Be . " In the same year the "  Free to Be " album debuted , President Richard Nixon signed Title IX , Ms. magazine began regular publication and TV 's "  Maude " had an abortion , just months before Roe v. Wade was decided . "  There 's something distinct about the cultural moment it was produced , " Rotskoff said . "  Free to Be  retained so much of that progressive , oppositional challenging the norm , and it did so in a way that made it palatable . " It fit into changing classrooms , too . Educator Barbara Sprung spent part of the 1970s creating a nonsexist , multicultural curriculum for preschoolers , she wrote in "  When We Were Free to Be . " It meant posters and toys that showed women as construction workers and African-Americans as doctors -- materials she sometimes had to create on her own . She instructed educators to run with girls on the playground , to play dolls with boys and to be mindful of messages in books and music . "  As happens in every movement , backsliding occurred , " Sprung wrote , noting that plenty of toys were still sexualized , violent and color-coded by gender . "  Fortunately , classroom materials and children 's trade books continued to depict an increasingly nonsexist , multiracial and inclusive view of the world . " As a kid on Long Island in the 1970s , Miriam Peskowitz was a frustrated "  Free to Be " fan . She wrote in "  When We Were Free to Be " about her feminist mom 's righteous letters and calls demanding her daughter be able take wood and mechanical shop , or that girls need not wait for boys to ask them to square dance .  Square dancing , of course , being one way that schools satisfied Title IX requirements . To Peskowitz 's dismay , she had the same arguments at her child 's school decades later . Peskowitz watched in the mornings as her daughter settled down to draw bubble letters with her gal pals while boys raced each other to the chessboards . The teacher said it was n't a problem ; it 's just what the kids chose . "  After I nudged again and again , the teacher eventually taught all the children in the classroom how to play chess . Some girls started to choose that as their morning activity , " wrote Peskowitz , the author of "  The Daring Book for Girls . " "  Very often , " Peskowitz wrote , "  all it takes to outsmart gender stereotypes is a little creative thinking and a little gumption . "  When we speak about feminism to adults , we tend to talk about negatives and things gone wrong . ... ` Free to Be 's ' cheeriness still has the power to make our hearts sing . It 's a kind of feminism and a gender vision that is generous and likable and fun , all the things that feminism is usually accused of lacking . " But it has n't necessarily gotten easier to talk about gender roles in school , said Laura Lovett , an associate professor of history at the University of Massachusetts and co-editor of "  When We Were Free to Be . " "  I talk to a lot of teachers now who say they could n't show some of these things today , " Lovett said . "  There 's an anxiety about discussing something that might be seen as homosexual ; there 's anxiety about the school mentioning something that would be seen as negative or positive . " Most educators-in-training are too young to remember the heyday of "  Free to Be , " Lovett said , and they would n't recognize a world where girls do n't have access to sports and bullying is encouraged . Ideas that seemed so new in "  Free to Be ... You and Me " now turn up every day in "  Dora the Explorer , " "  Brave " and long shelves of picture books . When Lovett plays the music for college students now , she 'll sometimes see nods and smiles from those who could sing along , and raised eyebrows from first-timers . "  It was so surprising and so contemporary , " Lovett said . "  They thought it was so new , and so exciting . " In fact , Lovett said , she 's lost several copies to students who borrowed the CD and never brought it back . Instead , they pass it around to others , just the way people heard it all those years ago . What are your "  Free to Be ... You and Me " memories ? Share in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	` Free to Be ... You and Me ' was first broadcast on ABC on March 11 , 1974 The TV special came after a "  Free to Be ... " book and album for children Actress and activist Marlo Thomas was inspired by her niece to create "  Free to Be ... "
CNN  -- Thailand 's rice bowl is now Thailand 's nightmare . The Chao Phraya River delta nourishes the nation 's vast rice paddies . But Friday , the river and its many tributaries eyed the capital , Bangkok , like a ferocious animal stalking its prey . Monsoonal rains have flooded Thailand 's plains and now the bursting river threatens to drown Bangkok . The water has already turned parking lots into marinas , markets into lakes and houses into homes suitable only for fish . It has gushed into houses of the holy -- Buddhist temples stood amid rising water -- and into sanctuaries of the vulnerable . Fifteen elephants , including seven mothers with babies and a 9-year-old known for its painting skills , are stranded on top of Ayutthaya 's Royal Elephant Kraal . The elephants climbed on top of the building last week and are going hungry now that food can only be brought in small quantities on rowing boats . Elephants can swim but the babies might drown in an attempt to escape . In Bangkok and other deluged cities and towns , the strong carried the feeble on their backs . The young aided the old . Everyone helped each other . It was hard to imagine that last year , Red Shirts battled Yellow Shirts in deadly political street protests that prompted a state of emergency in Thailand and left a nation deeply divided . Disaster brought them back together this week . An English Facebook page set up to help foreigners in Thailand saw a frenzy of action Friday . "  Kidney failure patients 'd like to get in dialysis process can contact HSRI co. with NE Kidney Medico " "  Free shuttle bus from Dusit Thani hotel to TU DOME available for donation stuffs logistic tomorrow " "  Slippers  foam type  needed for any sizes at Don Muang Evacuation Cent . " "  Both lanes of Bangkruy-Sainoi Rd. . . flooded " With 283 people dead and another 8 million affected by the flooding , the fears were real in Bangkok . Workers stuffed sandbags furiously and shored up barriers . Evacuation centers began to fill with people . Banjong Palim , 43 , said he had never seen anything like this in his lifetime . He was forced to flee when his suburban Bangkok home drowned . Some recalled the devastating 2004 tsunami that wiped out everything with walls of water . And panicked . Ed White watched the river flow over containment walls in Ayutthaya . He stacked the furniture as high as he could get it in his house in there , and felt lucky it was made of concrete and brick , not wood , like so many traditional Thai homes . White grew up in Ocean City , Maryland . He was used to hurricanes and the Atlantic 's fury . But this was different . The water was not raging . There were n't torrents . It just kept inching upward . Slowly , but surely . At the market where White gets his hair cut , people scurried , spreading rumors born from fear . In two hours , they said , everything would be under water . The flood was coming ! The flood was coming ! White moved to Thailand in 2003 to work for a rubber company . Friday , he said he had moved into a second-floor company apartment in Bangkok , confident he would be safe there . Meanwhile , his employer had made a fortress out of the rubber factory , erecting concrete barriers around everything as though it were a war zone . For many it was a losing battle . The military helped evacuate them , whisking them away by boat or carrying them through chest-high water . Just about every day now , rain has come down hard , exacerbating worries . This is already the worst flooding Thailand has seen in decades . Some wondered Friday how much worse it could get . The government 's Flood Relief Centre chief said that Bangkok would be spared . But with a chance of thunderstorms in the forecast for the next few days , reassurances Friday were difficult to swallow .	Thailand 's monsoonal flooding is the worst in decades Fears spread that Bangkok will drown Torrents of water gush through hard-hit Auytthaya People help one another on streets where deadly clashes took place last year
Paris  CNN  -- Investigators trying to determine why an Air France plane crashed mysteriously two years ago have recovered the complete contents of the flight data recorder and the last two hours of cockpit conversation , they announced Monday . It will take several weeks to analyze the data , French air accident experts said . All 228 people aboard Air France 447 were killed when the Airbus A330 belly-flopped into the ocean June 1 , 2009 , in stormy weather . The cause of the crash is still not known . Discovering that there was data on the recorders "  is excellent news . It is really going to help us work out what happened on that plane , " said Martine Del Bono , spokeswoman for France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis  BEA  . Q&A : Will the mystery of Flight 447 be solved ? The cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder were found at the beginning of May after an unprecedented series of submarine searches of a mountain range 3,900 meters  12,700 feet  under the ocean . They were brought to the surface and taken to Paris by ship and plane . The investigators also recovered two bodies from the fuselage -- after finding only about 50 bodies in the days immediately after the crash . They will not bring more bodies up from the ocean if they can not identify the two they already have , they said Thursday . Those two bodies are being examined to see if there is enough DNA to identify them , investigators said , adding that they hope to have results by Wednesday . If they can identify the remains , they will consider bringing up other bodies from the wreckage . The bulk of the plane was located earlier this year and contains many more human remains , according to investigators . Recovering more bodies will be a difficult task , with miles of cable required to bring each one up over a period of three hours , they said . Investigators also brought an engine and an avionics bay containing computers to the surface , they said . The pilots of Air France 447 lost contact with air traffic controllers on June 1 , 2009 , while flying across an area of the Atlantic known for severe turbulence , officials said . But exactly what caused the plane to plunge into the ocean remains a mystery . The plane slammed into the water while en route from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Paris , falling so fast that air masks did not have time to deploy . The fuselage was discovered in April with bodies still inside , investigators said . Some relatives of those who died have expressed reservations about remains being brought to the surface . Last month Robert Soulas , head of a support group for families of flight victims , said : "  For me , personally I would like to leave the bodies of my children , my two children , on the seabed . " Other relatives have called for the bodies to be recovered . CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee , Catherine Clifford and Niki Cook contributed to this report .	NEW : Discovering there is data on the recorders is "  excellent news , " investigators say All the information on the flight data recorder is recovered , as are cockpit conversations The data recorders were pulled up from the bottom of the Atlantic nearly two years after the crash Air France 447 went down in June 2009 , killing all 228 people aboard
LITHIA SPRINGS , Georgia  CNN  -- As Zack Stephney stepped into the floodwaters last week , history washed over him . Thirty years after his father drowned in a rescue attempt , Zack Stephney helped save a woman whose car sank . The youngest of five children , he was only 8 when his father died . For three decades , he 'd carried with him mere snapshots of memories : Family time at Christmas . Riding on the back of Dad 's motorcycle . Tommie Stephney 's love for drag-racing . But as the 37-year-old Douglasville , Georgia , man set out September 22 to try and save a woman whose car was swept away by rushing waters , he thought of his father 's drowning . He , too , had fought to rescue people struggling against currents . That was in 1979 . Tommie Stephney , a City of Atlanta employee , dove into the Chattahoochee River in Atlanta , Georgia , to save canoeists who 'd flipped their boat , his son said . He safely brought two to shore . The third , he said , panicked -- forcing them both under . It would be a week before his father 's body was found . Dying in the massive floodwaters could n't be Zack 's fate . Certainly not this day . It was his mother Eva 's 72nd birthday . Lord knows she did n't deserve news like that . ` All in a blink of an eye ' Melissa Brooks was heading east en route to Dunwoody , Georgia , for an important morning meeting with her boss . She does n't know why , but it simply did n't register with the Douglasville woman that she was the only one traveling along that stretch of I-20 . No signs or barriers told her she should n't be there . The water up ahead ? It simply looked like a puddle , albeit a big one , the kind that would send a huge spray flying . "  I got halfway through it , and it took control of my car . It started taking me backwards -- all in a blink of an eye , " she said Tuesday . "  I knew I was in serious trouble . " The Atlanta-area terminal for Werner Enterprises , a large trucking company off I-20 on Blairs Bridge Road , was abuzz that morning . Floodwater from nearby Sweetwater Creek had taken over a large swathe of the property , worse than they had ever seen . Nearly 30 mechanics had scrambled down to the lower lot to move about 100 semis , the water topping their tires . Some guys , including Stephney , a shop foreman who 's been with Werner for nearly 19 years , looked out in wonder at the green space next to the lot , which had turned into a wide moving river . When they first saw the silver Mazda coming through the trees from the interstate , they laughed , thinking it had been carried out of someone 's driveway . But after it hit a submerged fence and spun around , they spotted Brooks , 40 , frantically waving . "  My eyes zoomed in to see her fear , " said Stephney . And as the car started to go under , he thought , "  This woman is going to drown in front of us . " Taking charge Brooks thought back to the movies she 'd seen , kept the car running and hit the power button to lower the window before it was too late . She was a good swimmer , she knew that much , and with this knowledge -- and purse in hand , of course , she would recall with a laugh -- Brooks pushed herself into the torrent . The current , however , was stronger than she was . It pulled her where it wanted . She grabbed on to what appeared to be a small tree . "  Hold on ! Hold on ! " Brooks heard their voices and held herself together . She was n't crying , but she was scared for her life . The tree branches began breaking . Stephney had taken off running , back up to the parts room to grab a spool of 1,000-foot yellow nylon rope , the sort used to tie tarps over flatbeds . He threw on a fluorescent safety vest , so the men on shore could easily spot him in the filthy water . Bigger men , including 265-pound Chris Mayfield , were ready to jump into the water . But Stephney , 100 pounds lighter , was laying out a plan in his head . Pulling him out would be easier , he told the men . Why make the job harder with a heavier man ? "  He took charge like he 'd done this a hundred times , " Mayfield , 24 , said . Maybe it was his training in the U.S. Army Reserves after high school or his father 's experience , but keeping everyone calm , warding off panic , was top of Stephney 's mind . More than 25 men stationed themselves on two points around the water as he waded in , and fed out the rope tied around him . He worked his way along the 6-foot-high , nearly submerged fence topped with barbed wire , struggling against the current to get close to Brooks , whose car had jumped the fence . The depth of the water worried him . Weeds tugged at his feet and legs . " ` What 's your name ? ' " Brooks remembered him asking calmly , his eyes locked on hers . Then , he said , " ` Melissa , everything 's going to be OK . ' And I believed him . " She called Stephney the "  leader of the pack , " and remembered him shouting to the others , "  Guys , let 's pull this together . If we do n't pull this together , we 're going to lose her . " On the other side of the fence was a stranger , Doug Weghorn . That morning , he 'd been checking out the damage to his neighborhood when he came upon the mess abutting Werner Enterprises . Weghorn , 45 , was now in the water as well . With a rope in his hand , unknowingly fed to him by Stephney 's team , he snatched Brooks from the tree . It was n't until Stephney was out of the water that he knew , for certain , that he and Brooks had made it . The ` what ifs ' The first call was to his wife , Leaquarius , the mother of his three children . She did n't believe him when he told her what had happened . "  I kid you not , " he told her . "  You want to smell me ? " He took a shower at work , scrubbed every inch of himself with a whole bottle of Clorox and joked that he was surprised his hair did n't turn white . He showered again , stepped into spare clothes and put in a full day on the job . It would be at least a few hours before he could call his mother . He knew she might get upset . A week later , the death toll in Georgia from the floods was 10 . Standing along the fence still tangled with weeds and debris , Stephney peered down at Brooks ' mucked-up car , knowing that number could have been higher . "  It could 've happened to me the same way it did my dad , " he said . The "  what ifs " keep spinning through his head : What if her window had n't been down ? What if they 'd never spotted her ? What if she 'd failed to stay calm ? Mixed in are thoughts about his father , a man he in many ways struggles to remember . What Stephney did was not unlike the countless heroic efforts that played out in disaster areas during the flood . First responders and regular citizens risked their own lives to save others . But he had something else pushing him , the kind of inspiration rooted in family legacy . And without a doubt , Tommie Stephney would have been proud of his boy .	Man enters flood to rescue woman , 30 years after father drowned saving others Woman 's car washes off I-20 in Georgia , ` in a blink of an eye , ' she says Co-workers hold rope while he goes in , trying to keep everyone calm Thoughts of his father and the ` what ifs ' stay with him
CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney said Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is a good friend and U.S. ally , but declined to predict whether the embattled leader would heed protesters ' calls to step down . Cheney made the comments Saturday night at a ceremony honoring former President Ronald Reagan in Santa Barbara , California . Protesters have pledged to stay on the streets of Egyptian cities until Hosni Mubarak relinquishes power . Mubarak , who has led the north African nation for three decades , has said he will stay in power until September , and will not run for re-election . Cheney said the Egyptian leader should be treated with respect . "  He has been a good man , a good friend and ally to the United States , " Cheney said . "  We need to remember that . " The former vice president declined to predict whether Mubarak would step down . "  I do n't want to make a prediction because I do n't know , " Cheney said . "  But I also think there comes a time for everybody when it 's time to hang it up and move on and someone else will take over . " Massive demonstrations have been held in Egyptian cities since January 25 to demand an end to Mubarak 's rule . Cheney said Egyptians will decide his fate as leader . "  In the end , whatever comes next in Egypt is going to be determined by the people of Egypt , " he said .	Cheney speaks at a ceremony honoring former President Ronald Reagan Egyptian protesters are pledging to stay on the streets until Hosni Mubarak steps down
CNN  -- As prodigal golfer Tiger Woods resumes the world 's No. 1 ranking , his chief sponsor , Nike , unveiled a slogan Tuesday that provokes robust debate on what is redemption and has Woods attained it . "  Winning takes care of everything " is what Nike declared on its social media outlets after Woods completed his long climb back to the top ranking , more than three years after his extramarital affairs ruined his marriage and embarrassed him . Woods and ex-wife , Elin Nordegren , have two children . Many fans and consumers are now raging against the new campaign by Nike , which stood by Woods in his fall from grace as most other sponsors dumped him . "  Will not buy anything Nike again , " wrote Melissa Santa-Cruz of Wisconsin on Nike 's Facebook page . "  THIS AD MAKES ME SICK ! " wrote Julie Drake , a high school teacher who said she will use the ad for a classroom discussion . "  Shame on you ! " Others , however , endorsed the slogan . "  Love your Ad Nike , " wrote Brian Edwards . "  Keep up the good work . " Opinion : For Tiger , winning does take care of everything The passionate opinions roil during a week when redemption is on the minds of Jews celebrating Passover and Christians preparing for Easter . The controversy grows from whether winning indeed absolves transgressions -- and even prompts a return to grace . The narrative plays out in different ways for different public figures . "  I think that winning , especially in Tiger Woods ' case , really does change things because it reminds people why they fell in love with him years ago . It was for his game and his ability to consistently make those tough shots over and over again . That 's why we 're in awe of Tiger , " said CEO Melinda Travis of PRO Sports Communications , a strategic communications and crisis management firm in Los Angeles . "  Does it erase what he 's done ? No . But when is it enough ? " Travis said . "  It 's easy to criticize from afar , but when you sit across from someone who 's experienced public humiliation and a fall from grace and , in Tiger 's case , a breakup of an entire family and a permanent change in the way people view him , that 's a pretty high price to pay . " The slogan refers to how Woods has motivated himself to become the top golfer again , Nike said . He last held that rank in October 2010 . "  Tiger has always said he competes to win , " Nike said in a statement . "  When asked about his goals such as getting back to number one , he has said consistently winning is the way to get there . The statement references that sentiment and is a salute to his athletic performance . " In professional sports , winning can indeed overshadow a lot of quandaries , said sports analyst LZ Granderson , a CNN contributor . For example , a winning coach wo n't be fired for players accused of sexual assault or facing too many DUIs , he said . "  Usually a coach is fired because they 're not winning , " Granderson said . "  So it may make me cringe as a parent , I ca n't help but think of the fact that winning does seem to solve a lot of problems , and if you 're losing , that 's when everything else is more highlighted . " Analysts also cite how quarterback Michael Vick , who served an 18-month federal prison sentence after pleading guilty to dogfighting , is now playing for the Philadelphia Eagles . Linebacker Ray Lewis faced murder accusations -- later dropped by prosecutors -- in the deaths of two men after the 2000 Super Bowl in Atlanta ; this year , Lewis and his teammates on the Baltimore Ravens won the Super Bowl . "  A lot of people have short memories when the person who had these issues starts winning , " said Robert Tuchman , president of Goviva , a sports and entertainment marketing firm . "  As you can see with Ray Lewis , it does n't take much to forgive and forget . America loves the story of a person falling down and getting back up and then maybe falling down and getting back up again . " Ethics expert Bruce Weinstein pointed out that Nike contradicts itself because it stopped sponsoring cyclist Lance Armstrong after he admitted to doping in winning seven Tour de France titles . "  This is an amazing story in the worst sense , " said Weinstein . "  This is a company that dropped Lance Armstrong after mounting evidence made it pretty clear Lance Armstrong won by cheating . So Nike made it clear that winning does not take of everything . " Photos : Redemption through sports In fact , Travis ' firm is representing Tyler Hamilton , a cycling teammate of Armstrong . Hamilton was among those who broke from Armstrong , who then threatened to sue him . Hamilton also wrote about his own use of performance enhancing drugs . Travis declined to comment on Armstrong and Hamilton , but she spoke generally about how she helps athletes overcome setbacks . "  Look , everybody makes mistakes and sometimes they just need help in putting it in context for people : Here 's what led me to the decision . And then let people judge it , " she said . At issue for Woods is whether he , like so many other celebrities whose professional lives are damaged by the revelation of personal failures , has redeemed himself as merely a public figure -- or as a human being , too ? "  Certainly in his job , it 's a redemption story , " said David W. Miller , a Princeton University business ethics professor who directs its Faith & Work Initiative . "  Whether it is for him as a human being and his character , I do n't know . Time will tell . Someone else will be the judge of that , " he added . Miller cited how winning did n't take care of everything for basketball star Kobe Bryant , who faced accusations of sexually assaulting a woman in Colorado in 2003 and later settled a federal civil lawsuit for an unspecified amount of monetary damages . "  You have an overly long list of people who are ` winning ' -- whether they are in sports or a box office draw or selling platinum albums , " Miller said . "  The world tells them they 're wonderful and they 're No. 1 and their sense of probity and respect for others or your own self tends to evaporate . " That 's when a lot can go wrong , Miller said . "  I applaud Nike for taking up his rebirth , " Miller said about Woods . But , he continued , "  the slogan sort of falls on its face , and Tiger Woods is exhibit A for the case because it did n't care of everything three years ago . "	"  Winning takes care of everything , " Nike says on its ad for Tiger Woods The slogan is unveiled as Wood is ranked No. 1 in the world , the first time since 2010 Some are outraged by the slogan in Woods ' case but others laud it Has Woods been redeemed as solely a golfer -- or a human being , too ?
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A Paralympic gold medal winner will not be allowed to compete in the Beijing Olympics later this year after athletics ' governing body ruled that his specially-designed prosthetic limbs gave him an unfair advantage over other runners . Paralympic champion Oscar Pretorius competed in two able-bodied athletics meetings in 2007 . The International Association of Athletics Federations ruled that Oscar Pistorius ' shock-absorbing carbon-fiber prosthetics gave him a "  demonstrable mechanical advantage " compared to able-bodied athletes . Pistorius , nicknamed the "  Blade Runner " because of his prosthetics , won gold in the 200 meters and a bronze medal in the 100m at the 2004 Paralympic Games in Athens . The 21-year-old South African , who lost his legs when he was a baby , has since competed in two able-bodied races in which he finished second and last . In November , the IAAF carried tests on Pistorius over two days at the German Sport University in Cologne to determine if his prosthetic limbs , known as "  cheetah " prosthetics , could be considered a technical aid . A team of more than 10 scientists used high speed cameras , special equipment to measure ground reaction forces and a three-dimensional scanner to record body mass . The IAAF determined that Pistorius was able to run "  with about 25 per cent less energy expenditure " than other sprinters , it said in a statement released on its Web site Monday . "  The positive work , or returned energy , from the prosthetic blade is close to three times higher than with the human ankle joint in maximum sprinting , " the statement said . "  This means that the mechanical advantage of the blade in relation to the healthy ankle joint of an able-bodied athlete is higher than 30 per cent . " The IAAF completed its report on December 19 and had planned to release its findings last week , but it delayed the announcement to give Pistorius more time to look over the report , said spokesman Nick Davies . Pistorius , who holds the Paralympic world records in the 100m , 200m and 400m , was born without fibulae in his legs -- which were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old . The runner finished second in an able-bodied race in Rome in 2007 , then came last and was subsequently disqualified for stepping out of his lane in a race in Sheffield , England later the same year . The IAAF said that after the Italian race , evidence suggested an athlete with prosthetic limbs performed differently than an able-bodied athlete , and it agreed with Pistorius that more tests were needed . The IAAF does not prohibit prosthetic limbs in able-bodied sports , but it does ban technical aids . Pistorius is reported to be considering an appeal against the verdict . Athletics South Africa said it would immediately apply the decision which does does not affect Pistorius ' eligibility for Paralympic events . "  It 's unfortunate because he could have boosted team athletics at the Olympics at Beijing because he had the potential to qualify , " said Leonard Chuene , president of Athletics South Africa . "  There 's not much we can do , " Chuene added . "  It rules him out with immediate effect . We use the IAAF rule book . If we had our rules and our own competition it would be easier . It is a huge problem . " E-mail to a friend	Double-amputee sprinter Oscar Pistorius ineligible to run at Beijing Olympics IAAF rules that the South African 's prosthetic blades give him unfair advantage The 21-year-old Pistorius has set three world records in Paralympic events
Financial Times  -- The Bank of Japan announced further easing measures on Friday , as economic data suggested slowing growth and persistent deflationary forces in the world 's third-largest economy . The BoJ increased the scale of its key asset-purchasing programme by Y5tn  $ 61.7 bn  to Y70tn , while adjusting the terms to allow it to buy more government debt , and with longer maturities . It also kept interest rates at between zero and 0.1 per cent . Before the announcement market expectations had been building that the BoJ would underline its commitment to the "  powerful monetary easing " as it was described by governor Masaaki Shirakawa during a trip to the US last week . Politicians within Japan have also been urging the BoJ to do more to fight the nation 's chronic state of mild deflation , threatening to strip the bank of its independence should it fail to act aggressively . Analysts noted , however , that Friday 's move was at the low end of expectations of an additional Y5tn to Y10tn of easing . "  While it is positive that the BoJ acted , it is not sufficient to recover its long-lost credibility as an inflation-fighter , " said Takuji Okubo , chief Japan economist at Socit Gnrale . Economic data on Friday supported the case for continuing loose policy . Industrial production rose a less-than-expected 1 per cent in March from February , while manufacturers said they planned to cut output by as much as 4.1 per cent in May . While consumer price inflation numbers were a little brighter , with the headline nationwide index rising 0.5 per cent year-on-year , core CPI in Tokyo  excluding food and energy  fell by 1 per cent in April from a year earlier , deteriorating from -0.9 per cent in March . This "  chilly set of data " showed that manufacturers are still cautious on the outlook for exports , leaving Japan reliant on buoyant domestic demand as its main source of growth this year , said Mr Okubo . In February the central bank surprised markets by adding Y10tn to its asset-purchasing programme while adopting a firmer goal for inflation of 1 per cent , touching off a fall in the yen . Since then , though , the BoJ has kept its settings largely unchanged . In March the board expanded the terms of a special lending facility set up in June 2010 , while earlier this month it confirmed details of a new Y1tn lending facility , denominated in US dollars , which it announced in March . Meanwhile , the yen has resumed its strengthening trend . In the past month it has gained against every other G10 currency . One hour after the announcement on Friday the yen was 0.4 per cent weaker at 81.23 against the dollar , while the Nikkei 225 stock average gained 0.3 per cent . "  Not moving -LSB- on Friday -RSB- was not an option , " said Shogo Fujita , chief Japanese bond strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in Tokyo .  The Financial Times Limited 2012	The BoJ increased the scale of its key asset-purchasing programme by Y5tn to Y70tn . Economic data suggested slowing growth and persistent deflationary forces . Politicians within Japan have been urging the BoJ to do more to fight mild deflation . Economist : "  It is not sufficient to recover its long-lost credibility as an inflation-fighter . "
CNN  -- The former head of an Air Force sexual assault prevention program was acquitted Wednesday of an assault charge stemming from an incident in Arlington , Virginia , last spring , his lawyer confirmed to CNN . Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski , 42 , was arrested in May and accused of grabbing a woman 's buttocks and breasts in a parking lot in Arlington County , not far from the Pentagon . A police report said the unidentified woman fought off her assailant , who appeared intoxicated . Krusinski was initially charged with sexual battery , but prosecutors later changed that charge to assault and battery , according to CNN affiliate WJLA . "  We are very gratified by the verdict and gratified by the very serious consideration the jury gave to this matter , " defense attorney Barry Coburn told CNN . "  The system worked , which is always a good thing to see . " Krusinski , a 1994 graduate of the Air Force Academy who served tours in both Iraq and Afghanistan , was the chief of a branch of the Air Force 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program at the time of the incident . He was removed from that post after his arrest , which came two days before the Pentagon released a report showing a 6 % year-over-year increase in the number of reported sexual assault cases within the military in the fiscal year that ended September 30 , 2012 . Coburn said it was unclear what the acquittal would mean for Krusinski 's Air Force career . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Former chief of Air Force sexual assault prevention program acquitted of groping Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski was accused of grabbing a woman in a parking lot "  The system worked , which is always a good thing to see , " his attorney says
CNN  -- Redemption is within grasp -- and for Bayern Munich the opportunity to exorcise the demons of yesteryear is in sight . Tuesday 's crushing victory over a Barcelona side which has dominated Europe 's top competition for much of the past few years was yet another sign of the growing power of this Bavarian giant . Last year 's defeat by Chelsea at its home stadium still hurts , as does the memory of losing out to Inter Milan two years ago , but that pain and anguish has driven Bayern to the brink of history . Not since 2001 has Bayern won Europe 's elite competition , but surely this is the greatest chance they will ever have to end that drought after brushing aside a Barcelona team which has won this competition three times in the past seven years . The German league title has already been wrapped up , while the domestic cup looks set to follow given the team 's astonishing run of form . That form was underlined with a display full of pace , power and vigor which blew Barcelona away with ease . On the day it announced the signing of Borussia Dortmund 's star playmaker Mario Goetze in a deal worth an estimated $ 48 million , Bayern showed they have quality in abundance . Thomas Muller scored twice and further strikes from Mario Gomez and the outstanding Arjen Robben dismantled a Barcelona side currently 13 points clear at the top of La Liga . "  Of course , we 're all very happy about the win , especially the size of the margin , " Bayern manager Jupp Heynckes told reporters . "  We were first class , " he said . "  But we know we still have 90 minutes ahead of us in Spain . "  We want to enjoy tonight , but nothing more . " Heynckes had bristled at suggestions he should seek advice from his successor in waiting , Pep Guardiola , for ideas of how to defeat the Catalan giant . Guardiola , who will replace Heynckes at the end of the season , enjoyed huge success at Camp Nou , winning two Champions League titles and three league crowns before he departed in April 2012 . But it is Guardiola who may be asking for advice after watching Bayern ruthlessly destroy the team which he had built with such love and devotion . Bayern , fresh from hammering Hanover 6-1 in the Bundesliga at the weekend , made a rapid start and should have forged ahead within the first three minutes . Robben exchanged passes with Spain midfielder Javi Martinez before stealing in behind the Barcelona defense , but he could only fire his effort straight at Victor Valdes . The Catalan side , playing in its sixth successive semifinal , appeared rattled by Bayern 's approach and was fortunate not concede a penalty when Gerard Pique clearly handled Philipp Lahm 's strike inside the penalty area . But any sense of injustice soon disappeared as Bayern took a deserved lead with 25 minutes on the clock . Robben was the architect , picking out Dante at the far post with looping cross to head the ball towards goal and allow Muller to nod the ball home . Not since October 2008 had Barcelona won a Champions League match away from home when trailing at halftime and they never liked look repeating the feat here . Barcelona 's talisman Leo Messi , clearly struggling with injury , rarely looked like troubling the Bayern defenders , while Barcelona struggled to deal with the German side 's superior ability at set pieces . And it was no surprise that within four minutes of the restart Bayern had extended its lead to assume complete control of the tie . Once again it was the home side 's aerial prowess which caused Barcelona problems as Muller headed the ball across goal for Gomez to volley home . Replays showed Gomez to have been in an offside position and while the visiting side may have had every right to feel aggrieved , it was nothing to what was to transpire with 17 minutes remaining . Robben , a constant menace all night , was the man at the heart of the action , racing towards goal as Barcelona began to back off . The Dutch winger looked to have beaten Alba , but his case was quite clearly helped by Muller bundling the defender to the ground . While the visiting team stopped in anticipation of the referee 's whistle , Robben continued his run and lashed the ball into the far corner before turning away to celebrate . Quite how the foul was missed by the referee and the extra officials behind the goal is extraordinary , but that scarcely mattered to a rampant Bayern . Muller almost added a fourth when he raced clear only to be denied by a fine block by Valdes as Barcelona began to crumble . Bayern 's surpremacy was emphasized further two minutes later when David Alaba rampaged down the left and picked out Muller to flick the ball home . "  I think we knew we were able to give them good competition , " Robben told ITV following his side 's impressive showing . "  I think everybody said before it was a 50-50 game . "  We can be very proud , this team  Barcelona  has dominated Europe over the last five years and if you beat them like this in such terrific way I think you can be proud . "  But on the other hand , let 's be quiet , enjoy this evening but not anymore , because there 's still the second game to play and we have to be ready . " Barcelona now faces an "  almost impossible " task to make the final and defender Pique admits his team was completely outplayed . He told television channel TV3 : "  There 's not much you can say , they 've been faster , stronger and played the better football . "  We must n't talk about the referee ; I do n't think he had any influence . "  It 's almost impossible for us . They 've been better than us , we need to congratulate them and show our best in the return leg , while thinking about finishing the league as soon as possible . "  We are Barca . We must go out at the Nou Camp to win the game for our fans . "	Bayern Munich crushed Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg of its Champions League semifinal Thomas Muller scored twice with Mario Gomez and Arjen Robben also on target Bayern boss warns against complacency ahead of second leg Barcelona 's Gerard Pique believes "  almost impossible " for his side to progress
It lasted 23 matches and 102 days but Chelsea 's unbeaten run is over . The English Premier League leaders were handed their first defeat of the season by Newcastle United . "  Super Sub " Papiss Cisse came off the bench to score twice in the second half , first tapping in Sammy Aemobi 's cross and then finishing off Moussa Sissoko 's effort . Newcastle held on to a satisfying 2-1 home win despite seeing Stephen Taylor sent off for a second bookable offense and a late header from Chelsea striker Didier Droga . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho might also be seeing red after his side 's first Premier League defeat in 265 days . The Portuguese maestro has never won a league match at St James ' Park during his two spells in charge of the west London club . Manchester City ticked off a 1-0 victory over Everton to close to within three points of league leaders Chelsea with 15 matches played . Yaya Toure rammed home a penalty early in the first half after James Milner had been toppled by Phil Jagielka . There was a bitter note to City 's win after the league 's top striker Sergio Aguero left the field in a distressed state with a suspected left knee injury . Elsewhere in the Premier League there were big wins for QPR , who beat Burnley 2-0 , and Stoke , who shocked Arsenal 3-2 . Who 's invincible in Europe ? Until Saturday 's knockout blow at Newcastle , Chelsea had been included in a select band of European sides to make a flawless start to their league campaigns . German champions Bayern Munich remain unbowed in the Bundesliga , Paris St Germain are unbeaten in Ligue 1 while , in Portugal , FC Porto are yet to be defeated in Primeria Liga . Bayern hold a seven-point league lead after a 1-0 victory over Bayer Leverkusen . The manager of second-placed Wolfsburg ruefully commented Saturday : "  Bayern are the superior team and they 'd need to play with seven men each week for us to have a chance to catch them . " But PSG are the only team who can lay claim to being a true "  European Invincible . " The French champions remain unbeaten in all competitions -- including the Champions League - after a 2-1 victory over Nantes , Saturday . Swedish star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice on his return to the side , helping the Parisians eclipse Marseilles at the top of the table .	Chelsea 's unbeaten 23-match run in all competitions is ended by Newcastle United Newcastle handed Premier League leaders a 2-1 defeat at St James ' Park Manchester City beat Everton 1-0 to close within three points of Chelsea Paris St Germain remain only team unbeaten in all European competitions
CNN  -- During his 2010 State of the Union address , President Barack Obama made headlines by directly criticizing the Supreme Court for its decision in Citizens United v. FEC , the political funding case . He said Citizens United would "  open the floodgates for special interests , including foreign corporations , to spend without limit in our elections . " Certainly the decision has made it much easier for corporations and unions to directly spend unlimited sums of money in support of their favored candidates . One wonders , however , whether Obama realized at the time how much his own political allies , and therefore his own re-election effort , might benefit from Citizens United . This is nowhere more likely to be true than in Ohio , and the one thing that Democrats and Republicans seem to agree upon is that the path to victory for both parties in November runs through the Buckeye State . The first real hint of how Citizens United might benefit Obama in Ohio came in the weeks leading up to the recent primary in a Pennsylvania congressional district that borders Ohio . As a result of redistricting , the Democratic primary in Pennsylvania 's 12th District , which runs southeast from the Ohio border beginning just north of Pittsburgh , pitted two incumbent members of Congress against one another . Organized labor was determined to punish one of the Democrats , Jason Altmire , for voting against the Affordable Care Act . Toward this end , the Workers ' Voice Super PAC , formed by the AFL-CIO , funded an independent campaign operation for their endorsed candidate , Mark Critz . With the union 's help , Critz , a first-term member of Congress who had been elected in a 2010 special election to fill the unexpired term of late John Murtha , was able to eke out an upset win over the initially favored Altmire . What is really interesting about what happened in this Pennsylvania race , however , is that the AFL-CIO referred to what it was doing as a kind of "  trial run " for the general election . Almost all of the commentary on the Citizens United case has focused on conservative groups funding Republican candidates . But Citizens United also freed up unions to spend unlimited amounts of their money to directly advocate for the election of labor-friendly candidates , usually Democrats . Whereas conservative leaning groups have so far mainly used their money to fund campaign advertising , the AFL-CIO and other unions have made it clear that their money will be spent on grassroots get-out-the-vote activities . This is what they did in Pennsylvania . Just imagine what this might mean in the general election in Ohio . Mitt Romney will likely face two separate yet well-funded and well-organized ground operations knocking on doors throughout the state . The Obama team 's 2008 get-out-the-vote operations were tremendously effective . This year , however , organized labor will be able to open up their treasuries to fund their own parallel operations . This is not to say that the pro-Romney groups will be silent . Super PACs backing Romney demonstrated during the Republican primary that they could raise seemingly endless amounts of cash and spend it effectively to drive down support for their opponents . The AFL-CIO 's own political director told the Los Angeles Times that he expects labor to be outspent 20 to 1 . Still , beyond religious groups and perhaps the tea party groups , Republicans do not really have any freestanding organizations upon which to piggyback their door-to-door efforts . This is significant because recent polls indicate the margins in Ohio and in fact all of the swing states are razor thin this year . In close races , turnout is everything . One of the reasons that Karl Rove was so successful in making sure that his boss , George W. Bush , was successful in the Buckeye state in 2000 and 2004 was that he understood the importance of an aggressive and well-organized get-out-the-vote plan , especially in the crucial 72 hours leading up to Election Day . It is an open question , however , whether Rove 's 72-hour task force would still be as successful in Ohio in a post-Citizens United world , where the unions have much better funding opportunities and are freed from long-standing restraints on contacting nonmembers . Beyond religious groups , whose role should nevertheless not be underestimated , Republicans do not really have any freestanding organizations upon which to piggyback their door-to-door efforts . Moreover , in Ohio , unions have something else that is working in their favor . Last year , organized labor worked furiously to place a measure on the ballot repealing a bill signed into law by by Republican Gov. John Kasich restricting the bargaining rights of public employees. They ended up gathering more than three times the signatures necessary , and when Election Day rolled around , 62 % of voters cast their ballots in favor of the union position .  The names and addresses gathered , contacts made , and skills learned during that campaign will be available to groups like Workers ' Voice in 2012 . Of course , this does not mean that Obama is a shoo-in to win Ohio or the election in November . It does suggest , however , that regardless of what the national head-to-head polls say , Romney will need more than television commercials and mailings to win in Ohio . He will also need a grassroots get-out-the-vote strategy that outperforms even the plans of Rove . So far , the team that Romney has in place has not demonstrated that they grasp the importance of this type of work . It may be telling that when Obama kicked off his re-election campaign at Ohio State University on Saturday , he emphasized that he would win the race "  door by door , block by block , neighborhood by neighborhood . " He said this secure in the knowledge that organized labor will have thousands of volunteers who are willing and , thanks to Citizens United , able to be on the ground rustling up every last vote for him . So , if Obama has the opportunity to give another State of the Union address in February of 2013 , he might just want to look down at the justices sitting in the front row and , instead of criticizing them , give them a little wink . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Sracic .	Paul Sracic : Ohio is crucial to win in 2012 presidential election Citizens United lets corporations , and unions , spend without limits for candidate Sracic : Obama stands to get huge union support with crucial door-to-door voter drives Romney gets unlimited Super PAC cash , he says , but lacks boots on the ground in Ohio
CNN  Darfur has a long , dark history filled with horrors . But these nightmares are n't all in the far past , according to Human Rights Watch . Citing 130 interviews with locals , the advocacy group said this week that in October , Sudanese soldiers raped more than 200 women and girls over a 36-hour period in the north Darfur town of Tabit . "  Witnesses told Human Rights Watch that during  the  attacks , government soldiers went house-to-house in Tabit , searching houses , looting property , severely beating residents , and raping women and girls , " the report stated . "  On the two nights , soldiers forced many of the men to outdoor locations on the outskirts of the town , leaving the women and children especially vulnerable . " The advocacy group said that civilians were the only ones affected and that it had "  no evidence of any rebel force in the town immediately prior to or during the attacks . " The United Nations and African Union have a force in Darfur , but according to Human Rights Watch , the Sudanese government has "  prevented  them  from carrying out a credible investigation . " "  Immediately after they entered the room they said : ` You killed our man . We are going to show you true hell , ' " a woman in her 40s recalled of an attack on her and her three daughters , two of whom were less than 11 years old , Human Rights Watch reported . "  Then they started beating us . They raped my three daughters and me . Some of them were holding the girl down while another one was raping her . They did it one by one . " Yusuf Kurdufani , a Sudanese Foreign Ministry spokesman , dismissed the report as "  an attempt to reproduce an issue long closed after the world was convinced about the incredibility and illogicality of the claims of mass rape . " According to the official Sudanese News Agency , Kurdufani said mass rapes "  go contrary to the logic of things and also contradict ... the customs and traditions of the local population . " "  He argued that by making such allegations , the rebel movements wanted to create an impression that the situation was still unstable in the region , " the SUNA report added . "  The spokesman reaffirmed that the allegations of mass rape in Tabit is a file that has been closed . " Yet not everyone in the international community buys Sudan 's story , at least without a credible outside investigation . "  To this day , the government of Sudan has shamefully denied the UN the ability to properly investigate this incident , despite this  U.N. Security  Council 's mandate to do precisely that , " said Samantha Power , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . The United Nations itself said two months ago that its team had found no evidence supporting the claims , though the ultimate findings are "  inconclusive and require further investigation . " Violence in Darfur -- an arid region in western Sudan -- began raging in the early 2000s , with then-U.N. envoy Tom Eric Vraalsen at one point calling the humanitarian crisis there "  one of the worst in the world . " The United Nations has estimated about 300,000 people have been killed and another 2.7 million wounded in the unrest . Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir is charged by the International Criminal Court with multiple counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity . But al-Bashir has n't agreed to stand trial , with his information minister at one point dismissing the ICC as a "  white man 's tribunal . " There have been seemingly positive developments in the region in recent years , like South Sudan declaring independence after a peace agreement and subsequent referendum . In Darfur in 2013 , a splinter group from the Justice and Equality Movement -- the largest Darfurian rebel group -- signed a peace deal with the Sudanese government , and countries pledged $ 3.7 billion to reconstruct and develop the war-torn area . Yet the violence never really went away . In December , Under-Secretary-General for U.N. Peacekeeping Operations Herve Ladsous briefed the Security Council about increased fighting , "  deadly " internal conflicts and an alarming rise of crime in Darfur . "  This insecurity as well as the persistent restrictions imposed by government forces , armed movements and militia groups continued to challenge the ability of the  UN/AU  mission to implement its mandate , particularly as regards the protection of civilians , " Ladsous said .	Human Rights Watch : Mass rapes occurred over a 36-hour period last October A Sudanese official rejects the claim as unfounded and illogical A U.S. ambassador blasts Sudan for "  shamefully " denying UN access for a full investigation
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court will decide whether it is cruel and unusual punishment for young criminal offenders to be sentenced to life in prison with parole . Joe Sullivan , now 33 , was convicted of burglary and rape when he was 13 . He is serving life without parole . The justices agreed without comment Monday to accept appeals from two Florida inmates convicted as teenagers of criminal offenses . Oral arguments will be heard in the fall . One of the men is Joe Sullivan , 33 , serving a life term without the possibility of parole in a Florida prison while confined to a wheelchair . He was sentenced for a rape committed when he was 13 . The man 's lawyers say he is one of only two people his age in the world who was tried as an adult and sentenced to "  die in prison " for a non-homicide . The justices also accepted a case dealing with Terrance Graham , who was 17 when he took part in a violent home-invasion robbery while on parole for another felony . Outside a death-penalty context , the high court has offered little recent guidance on how to treat the youngest of underage criminal defendants . The appellate record for rapists younger than 15 is almost nonexistent , legal experts say . Child legal advocates say many states lack adequate resources to handle young inmates given long sentences , including a lack of proper jailhouse counseling . Few studies have been conducted on the psychological effects of young defendants facing life in prison at such a young age , said the Equal Justice Institute , which is representing Sullivan 's high court case . "  We have created a forgotten population with a lot of needs , " said Bryan Stevenson , Sullivan 's lawyer . The crime happened in 1989 , when , Sullivan admitted , he and two friends ransacked a home on Seabrook Street in West Pensacola . But he denied the prosecutor 's claim that he returned with a knife and sexually assaulted the 72-year-old female homeowner . An older co-defendant claimed that Sullivan was the rapist . After a daylong trial , Escambia County Circuit Judge Nicholas Geeker sentenced Sullivan to life without parole . "  I am going to try to send him away for as long as I can . He is beyond help , " the judge said . "  The juvenile system has been utterly incapable of doing anything with Mr. Sullivan . " Sullivan , who had a lengthy juvenile record , continues to deny that he committed the attack . At the time , state prosecutor Larry Kaden -- who retired this year -- said , "  It was a brutal crime , and he had an extensive record . This was a bad , bad crime . " The Florida attorney general 's office told the high court that prosecutors should have the discretion they have long been given to decide how harshly young criminals should be prosecuted . Sexual battery remains a crime punishable by life imprisonment in Florida . A study by the nonprofit Equal Justice Initiative found eight prisoners serving life terms for crimes committed at age 13 , all in the United States . Among them is another Florida inmate , Ian Manuel , who was 13 when convicted of attempted murder and robbery in 1990 . The Justice Department reports that no 13-year-old has been given life without parole for a non-homicide in a decade . And although about a thousand people under 15 are arrested for rape every year , none has been given life without parole since Sullivan . Only a handful of states -- including Alaska , Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico and Oregon -- prohibit sentencing minors to life without a chance for parole , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . The Equal Justice Initiative says 19 states have laws allowing the possibility of life without parole for those younger than 14 . In 2005 , the Supreme Court banned the death penalty for underage killers . The justices cited evolving "  national standards " as a reason to ban such executions . Sullivan is in deteriorating health from multiple sclerosis and is confined to "  close management " for dangerous or trouble-prone inmates , state corrections officials say . His lawyers admit that he has had more than a 100 incidents of fighting and threatening inmates and guards , plus having contraband and weapons , but they say Sullivan is the victim of bullying by other prisoners and is mentally disabled . "  It 's important for the criminal justice system to recognize that inmates like Joe -LSB- Sullivan -RSB- are going to change biologically , psychologically and emotionally as they grow up in prison , " Stevenson said . "  We should not assume it is a change for the worse . " The thrust of their argument before the high court is not that Sullivan is innocent or that he seeks his freedom now but that he deserves to someday make his case before the state parole board .	Justices will hear appeals of two Florida inmates sentenced as teens Joe Sullivan committed his crime at age 13 ; Terrance Graham was 17 Attorneys say life without parole is too harsh a punishment for young offenders
CNN  -- To erase some of the emotional scars left behind from the December shooting massacre at the Sandy Hook Elementary School , an advisory board wants the building torn down and replaced . The Sandy Hook Task Force voted unanimously late Friday to recommend to the Newtown , Connecticut , board of education to build a new school on the site of the existing building . Adam Lanza burst into the Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14 , 2012 armed with a semiautomatic Bushmaster .223 caliber rifle and two handguns . He opened fire killing 26 people , 20 of them children , before taking his own life . Gunmaker says new law forcing it to leave Connecticut He had previously shot his mother , Nancy Lanza , to death in their home , police said . She was a gun enthusiast , who kept a collection of guns , including assault rifles , in a lock box in her basement . Adam Lanza had a gun safe in his room , an investigation revealed . The shooting reignited a national debate on gun control and the possibility of legal restrictions on assault rifles . Newtown shooting details revealed in newly released documents Students from Sandy Hook now attend Chalk Hill Middle School in the nearby town of Monroe . Part of the building was transformed to resemble an elementary school , and security was increased by adding new locks and surveillance cameras , a school official has said . The school also enlisted the help of a comfort dog for the school children to bond with . Sandy Hook 's task force had considered other alternatives , such as renovating the existing building or building a new school on a different site . Its recommendation must be approved by the school board then by a vote in a popular referendum , before the plans can be carried out . Connecticut governor signs sweeping gun measure CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	All 28 members of the Sandy Hook Task Force supported the recommendation Adam Lanza burst into the Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14 He is accused of shooting at least 26 people at the school before killing himself
CNN  -- The son of one of the world 's wealthiest men is under arrest in London after the body of his American-born wife was found in their home this week , her death unexplained . Police stumbled into the mystery Monday , when they arrested Hans Kristian Rausing on drug charges . A search of his home in one of London 's most expensive neighborhoods turned up the body of his wife , Eva , spurring police to arrest him again in connection with the death . Eva Rausing had struggled with drug addiction for years , an acquaintance said . "  This has been an existing problem for a long time , " said Liz Brewer , who knew Rausing through charity and social circles . "  I think the whole thing is a complete tragedy . " The case puts the multimillionaire couple squarely back in the headlines four years after they were arrested on charges of possessing cocaine and heroin , according to media reports at the time . Eva Rausing had tried to smuggle a small amount of crack cocaine and heroin into the U.S. Embassy in London , reports said . She and her husband were arrested when police found more drugs at their house . The pair , however , avoided prosecution . Since then , they have kept a low profile , Forbes magazine said in its annual rich list report this year . "  It 's very clear to us Eva had her own problems with drugs and drugs misuse , " the head of an anti-drug organization told CNN Wednesday . "  She knew prevention was important . She knew how hard it was to get off drugs once you are on drugs , " said Paul Tuohy , chief executive of Mentor . Eva Rausing had donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to the charity in the years before her death , Mentor said . Her husband is the son of Hans Rausing , who is worth an estimated $ 10 billion , thanks to the family 's connection to Swedish packaging giant Tetra Laval . Hans Kristian Rausing is now receiving medical treatment , police said Wednesday . An autopsy Tuesday failed to determine the cause of Eva Rausing 's death , police said . Police refused to name Rausing as the man who was arrested , but a source familiar with the investigation said the man in custody lived at the address where the body was found . The source asked not to be named discussing an ongoing investigation . Eva Rausing gave more than 500,000 pounds  $ 778,000  to Mentor , said the charity , which runs programs "  to protect children from alcohol and drugs . " J&J heiress , found dead , had high-profile life Posts on a MySpace page dating back to 2007 that appears to belong to Rausing , but whose authenticity could not be verified , give a picture of her ups and downs . She writes that she went to college in California . "  I had a good time there -- too good , as I dropped out and did not go back to university until the grand old age of 24 . Which leaves some troubled years in between ... The beginning was fun , the ending not so fun , " she writes . "  I was lucky to have a loving supportive family who stood by me , though I did n't always see it that way at the time . So , I cleaned up my act , became a good girl , if maybe a little boring , got a degree in economics , and then got married ! " She says she is a good mother to the couple 's four children but , in an apparent reference to her drug abuse issues , she writes of relapsing several years earlier . "  I fell back into the same hole as before and have been there for nearly 7 years . I once read that I would have 7 bad years  I do n't normally believe in hocus pocus horoscopes  but so far it has been right , and I 'm hoping for 7 good years starting 2007 . "  I 'm still married , amazingly , to a very kind , patient and loyal husband . I 'm very lucky that he has stuck with me -- many would have not . " Hans Kristian Rausing 's billionaire father was bought out of the Tetra Laval business founded by his own father . Tetra Pak declined to comment on Eva Rausing 's death or her husband 's arrest because their branch of the family "  divested its interests in Tetra Pak , and the Tetra Laval Group , in 1995 . " CNN 's Dominique van Heerden , Susannah Palk and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : A MySpace page apparently belonging to Rausing tells of her struggle with drugs Eva Rausing had struggled with drug addiction for years , an acquaintance says She is found dead after her husband , Hans Kristian , is arrested on drug charges Rausing 's father is worth an estimated $ 10 billion
CNN  -- The lights went out on Real Madrid 's hopes of closing the gap on Barcelona after its game at Rayo Vallecano was postponed amid reports of electrical cables being cut . Real had hoped to make up some ground on league leaders Barca having made its worst start to a league season in 11 years . Jose Mourinho 's team is eight points off the pace after just one win in its first four games . Real Madrid slump to defeat at Sevilla But Rayo 's president Raul Martin Presa revealed that cables had been cut and that play would not be possible . "  Vandals have cut cables , we have tried to solve the problem as quickly as possible but told the stewards not to open the doors of the stadium . "  We will leave it to the police to find out who is responsible . " Club officials are hoping to play the game on Monday . Real Mallorca continued its stunning to the season with a 2-0 win over Valencia . Victor Casadesus fired the home side ahead before Javier Arizmendi sealed the points ten minutes after the break . Atletico Madrid made it five straight wins following a 2-1 victory over Real Valladolid at Vicente Calderon . Diego Godin put Atletico ahead on the half-hour with Radamel Falcao 's 44th minute penalty giving the hosts a two-goal cushion . Valladolid got a goal back when Alberto Bueno 's weak effort was fumbled into the net by Atletico keeper Thibaut Courtois . Former Newcastle striker Obafemi Martins scored a late winner as Levante snatched a 2-1 win against Real Sociedad . David Zurutuza had given Sociedad the lead but Jose Barkero leveled things up for Levante . And with the game seemingly heading for a draw , Martins capped his substitute appearance with the winning goal . Malaga 's malady : When foreign ownership goes wrong Malaga remain unbeaten after being held to a goalless draw at Athletic Bilbao . In the German Bundesliga , Andre Schurrle missed from the penalty spot as Bayer Leverkusen was forced to settle for a 1-1 draw at home to Borussia Monchengladbach . Patrick Hermann 's early strike gave the visitors the lead but Michal Kadlec leveled soon after . Schurrle had a golden opportunity to win it from 12-yards but failed to find net as Bayer were left thinking of what might have been . Hoffeinheim claimed its first win of the league season and climbed off the foot of the table following a 3-1 win against previously unbeaten Hannover . After falling behind to an own-goal from Mathieu Delpierre , Hoffenheim hit back thanks to goals from Fabian Johnson , Sejad Salihovic and Daniel Williams . Werder Bremen was held to a 2-2 draw by Stuttgart with both teams finishing the contest with 10-men . Kevin de Bruyne and Zlatko Junuzovic gave Bremen a two-goal lead before Martin Harnik and Cacau brought the visitors level . Harnik was shown a yellow card late on with Assani Lukimya seeing red for Bremen . In France , Marseille continued its 100 % start to the Ligue 1 season with a hard-fought 1-0 win over Evian at the Stade Velodrome . Barton 's English ban to apply in France Morgan Amalfitano netted the game 's only goal 12 minutes from time to extend OM 's winning run to six matches . Lisandro Lopez netted an 80th minute equalizer as Lyon stretched its unbeaten run to six league games with a 1-1 draw at Lille . Chahir Belghazouani grabbed a late leveler as Ajaccio recorded a 2-2 draw at Bordeaux . Henrique had given Ajaccio the lead before Yoan Gouffran and Ricardo Faty put the hosts 2-1 ahead . But Belghazouani 's late strike meant the shares were spoiled .	Real Madrid 's game at Rayo postponed Teams hope to reschedule for Monday night Mallorca continue hot-streak with Valenica victory Marseille maintain perfect record with Evian win
CNN  -- Babies may be born larger than normal because of a condition called gestational diabetes . That explains why baby Jasleen , born in Germany last week , weighed more than 13 pounds . Her mother had gestational diabetes , but her condition was n't discovered until she went into labor and checked herself into University Hospital Leipzig . Gestational diabetes develops during pregnancy and resembles other forms of diabetes in that it affects how your cells use sugar  glucose  . With gestational diabetes , a mother 's blood sugar should return to normal soon after delivery . However , the condition puts women at risk for type 2 diabetes in the future . For every 100 pregnant women in the U.S , two to 10 will have gestational diabetes , the Center for Disease Control and Prevention says . A woman who has gestational diabetes during pregnancy and maintains a high blood-sugar level may have a baby born abnormally large , weighing 9 pounds or more , the CDC says . A baby 's large size creates problems for the delivery of the child through the birth canal and may cause nerve damage in the child 's shoulder during birth . "  A very large baby has an increased chance of being overweight or obese later in life , " the CDC says . "  Being overweight or obese increases the chance of also having diabetes later in life . " Gestational diabetes results from hormonal changes that every woman has during pregnancy , according to the Cleveland Clinic . Elevated levels of certain hormones made in the placenta disrupt insulin 's ability to manage glucose , a condition called insulin resistance .  The placenta is the organ connecting the baby by the umbilical cord to the uterus and sends nutrients from mother to child . As the placenta becomes larger throughout pregnancy , it creates more hormones , which , in turn , increases the insulin resistance , the Cleveland Clinic said . The mother 's pancreas is typically able to make three times the normal amount of insulin to beat this resistance , according to the Cleveland Clinic . If the pancreas ca n't produce the required amount of insulin , however , sugar levels will rise , and the woman will have gestational diabetes . You may be at risk for gestational diabetes if you are overweight before becoming pregnant , have a family history of diabetes , are older than 25 , have previously giving birth to a baby over 9 pounds , previously gave birth to a stillborn baby , have had gestational diabetes with a previous pregnancy or have been diagnosed with pre-diabetes , the Cleveland Clinic said . Women typically find out whether they have gestational diabetes between the 24th and 28th weeks of pregnancy , according to the Cleveland Clinic . That 's when insulin resistance usually begins . If you previously had gestational diabetes or if your doctor is concerned about your risk of developing it , you can be tested for the condition before the 13th week of pregnancy , according to the Cleveland Clinic . An oral glucose tolerance test is used to screen for gestational diabetes . This involves consuming 50 grams of glucose in a beverage . Your body will absorb the glucose and cause your blood sugar levels to rise within 30 to 60 minutes , according to the Cleveland Clinic . Blood samples are taken from a vein in your arm 30 minutes after consuming the sweetened drink so that your doctor can evaluate how your body processes glucose . According to the Mayo Clinic , expectant mothers can control gestational diabetes by eating healthy foods , exercising and , if required , taking medication . Treatment may include monitoring blood sugar four to five times a day , which involves drawing a drop of blood from your finger and testing it with a blood glucose meter . Your health care providers will monitor and manage your blood sugar levels during labor and delivery . Following up with blood sugar checks after the baby is born is also important . You can reduce your risk of developing type 2 diabetes later on by continuing to eat a healthy diet and getting regular exercise . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Jasleen 's mother had gestational diabetes , which contributed to her large size Gestational diabetes results from hormonal changes every pregnant woman has CDC : A large baby will have an increased chance of being overweight or obese later in life
CNN  Disability does n't mean disadvantage . And Farida Bedwei , a celebrated software engineer from Ghana , is proof of that . Born in 1979 , Bedwei was diagnosed with cerebral palsy at the age of one -- cerebral palsy is an incurable neurological disorder that affects body movement and muscle coordination but does not interfere with the ability to learn . Bedwei has steadfastly refused to let her disability affect her career trajectory . Today , as the co-founder and chief technical officer of software company Logiciel , she is considered one of the most powerful women in financial technology on the continent -- in 2013 , South Africa 's CEO Magazine named Bedwei the most influential woman in business and government in Africa for the financial sector . Her greatest achievement , Bedwei says , is the development of a cloud software platform that is being used by 130 micro-finance companies nationwide . These institutions administer loans to their customers by sending a code to their mobile phones via SMS . That code can be exchanged for money at any branch , making small loans available immediately . Here , Bedwei reveals how tech can transform lives and how she defied the odds to find success . Create an education plan that works for you . Bedwei lived a nomadic childhood thanks to her father 's role at the United Nations Development Programme . As a result , the family resided in Dominica , Grenada and the United Kingdom before finally settling in Ghana when Bedwei was nine years old . Bedwei was home schooled until the age of 12 , and then continued her education at a government school where she was able to socialize with other children . Her family noticed her passion for computers , so it was decided for Bedwei to skip senior high school and enroll in a one-year computer course at the St. Michael information technology center . At 15 years old , she was one of the youngest in the class . A challenge , perhaps ? But one she took in her stride . "  I 'm sure most of my classmates were wondering what I was doing with them . And that it how I started my career as a software engineer because through that course I realized what aspect of IT I was going to specialize in . I loved the idea of solving problems and creating things , " she says . Found your dream job ? Fight for it . Following her graduation , the passionate programmer began looking for work and found her dream role at Soft , a premier software company in the region . She recalls : "  I went and saw the head of the technical division and I told him , I want a job here , I do n't have any experience , but I 'm inspired to learn ... If you give me the chance , I promise you that you 'll never regret it . So he said , ` OK , fine ... come and join . ' " Know when you need to move on . Three years later , Bedwei was on the move again and soon found work as a senior software architect at Rancard Solutions . "  I was with them for nine years . For the first three years of my stay with them , I was actually going to school part time . I already had a diploma in Information Systems , but I wanted something else to add to it . I was doing a diploma in e-technology . That is the web industry ... because I realized that was the way the industry was going . After that diploma , I wanted to get a degree because I had two diplomas and no degree ... and in Ghana , a degree is what counts . " Do n't be afraid to go it alone if you see a gap in the market . After completing a one-year degree at the University of Hertfordshire in England , Bedwei returned home with a degree in computer science and continued working for Rancard . In 2010 , she joined G-Life Financial Services in 2010 . The system the company adopted was n't efficient for micro-financing , so with Derrick Dankyi , a fellow colleague at the company , they started building their own cloud software platform called gKudi . "  It 's helping the micro-financing industry in this country , " she says . "  It 's helping them make valid decisions on what to do , it 's helping them cut out fraud and it 's helping them give loans to people who need loans . " Disability does n't need to stop you achieving success . Along with her business achievements , Bedwei prides herself on inspiring others through organizations like The Girls in ICT Committee -- a group established to encourage more women to pursue IT careers . She says : "  I am a role model for a lot of children with disabilities so and it 's very important for me to showcase to the world that ... Yes ... You can have a disabled child and it 's not the end of the world . There is so much that that child can end up doing given the right resources . " Read this : Nigeria reacts to election delay Read this : How to build a media empire More from African Voices	Farida Bedwei is a software engineer from Ghana Diagnosed with cerebral palsy at one , she has refused to let her disability hold her back Throughout teen years , Bedwei used computers leading to a passion for technology Today she is one of the most influential women in business and finance on the continent
CNN  -- The same Obama administration that is under fire from critics for allegedly leaking classified information has used a 1917 law to target suspected leakers in twice as many cases as all previous presidential administrations combined . Under Obama , the Justice Department has prosecuted six cases under the Espionage Act in recent years ; federal prosecutors had used the law in three cases before Obama took office . "  They 've been very tough on these issues , " said Jeffrey Toobin , senior legal analyst for CNN . "  I think Democratic administrations feel especially obligated to prove that they can be as tough as Republicans on law enforcement . That was true during Clinton , and it 's true now , perhaps even excessively . " Congressional leaders call for halt to ` cascade of leaks ' Toobin said he believes the prosecutions are "  mildly excessive , " but "  I think it 's par for the course . I think it 's reflective of a very tough law-enforcement culture that spans the parties . " In a post-9 / 11 world , perhaps administration officials feel the stakes of leaking are higher , he said . The issue of leaking classified information has been thrust into the national spotlight this week . Several leading members of Congress argue that the Obama administration has not done enough to prevent leaks about a puported cyberwarfare program against Iran , the administration 's efforts to expand its drone program and Obama 's personal involvement in "  kill lists " of militants in Yemen and Pakistan . Some Republicans , including Sen. John McCain of Arizona , Obama 's opponent in the 2008 presidential race , say the White House must be knowingly involved in the recent leaks . They allege that the White House has leaked information to paint the president as a strong commander in chief , a sensitive election-year allegation that the White House has strongly denied . Read House Minority Leader Pelosi 's reaction to McCain 's accusation The fact that the Obama administration has aggressively used the Espionage Act surprised people such as Steven Aftergood , director of the Project on Government Secrecy for the Washington-based Federation of American Scientists . He said the uptick in prosecutions was "  not what anybody expected . " He said he believes there are several reasons why "  there 's something new and different going on . " "  The aggressive pursuit of leaks is extraordinary and unprecedented , " he said . "  Why is it happening ? I think there are probably multiple reasons . Those include the fact that it is probably easier to identify the source of leaks today than it was a couple of decades ago because there are more tracks of communications -- electronic communications , e-mail and phone records -- that are accessible to investigators than there were in the past . " Another reason could be a backlash stemming from the "  wholesale disclosures of classified information by WikiLeaks , " he said . The disclosures , he noted , "  crossed so many different policy boundaries , they shocked and horrified government officials ... the tolerance for such leaks , to the extent there was any before , has gone away . " An additional factor is political pressure on the administration from Congress to stop the leaks , he said . Analysts : ` The ship of state always leaks ' "  Nobody is saying , ` You 're overreacting . Back off . There are too many prosecutions . ' That is not the message coming from Congress , " Aftergood said . "  Instead , congressional leaders of both parties are saying , ` We want more prosecutions and fewer leaks . ' " "  That is not my position , " he said . "  I think Espionage Act prosecutions are , in most cases , inappropriate responses to the disclosures . " Passed after America entered World War I , the act is basically the only law prohibiting such leaks , Aftergood said . "  There are a couple of other lesser statutes that sometimes are invoked , such as misappropriating government property , that are more of a stretch , but there is no law that says you may not disclose any classified information under any circumstances , " he said . "  And the Espionage Act is the closest fit . It does n't mean they are being accused of espionage , but this statute is being applied to fit the facts of these cases . And the courts have said , when challenged that that 's permissible . " However , he said , the prosecutions do n't mean Obama has abandoned his pledge to provide the most transparent administration in history . "  If that seems like a contradiction , it 's only on the surface , " he said . "  The administration never pledged not to enforce classification rules or to invite defiance of limits on disclosure of classified information . " It is true , however , that the law has only been used recently to prosecute low - and mid-level employees . "  That 's one of the problems with leak prosecution in general , " Toobin said . "  High government officials feel no compunction about leaking , and the rare times anyone is prosecuted , it 's usually someone at a low level . " "  And also , I react to this as a journalist -- an interchange of information and ideas between government and the news media is indispensable to a functioning democracy , and if you start scaring sources with the possibility of years in prison , the loser is not going to be the news media -- it 's going to be the public , " he said . White House press secretary Jay Carney said Thursday that Obama "  has demonstrated his commitment to transparency through the variety of steps he has taken , unprecedented in American presidential administration history . "  But he is also president and commander in chief , and he will not countenance the leaking of classified information that can harm our men and women in uniform , harm Americans who work on our national security , harm counterterrorism operations , " Carney said . Aftergood said the prosecutions of lower-level officials reflect "  one of the basic incongruities " in the law . "  Is it only the Army privates and the mid-level bureaucrats who are leaking ? Is it never White House officials or senior agency officials ? Judging by the government 's prosecution record , you 'd think that senior officials never leak , because they 're never being prosecuted , and we know that 's not true , " he said . "  What appears to be a pattern of selective prosecution is another aspect of the unfairness of the way these statutes are being enforced . " The government , he said , has several tools at its disposal to respond to leaks , including revocation of security clearances , terminations and other administrative penalties and fines . "  A felony prosecution for disclosure of information to the media ought to be the response in only the most egregious and damning cases , " Aftergood said . "  Instead , it seems to be the first response , even in the mildest or most questionable cases , like that of Thomas Drake . " Drake , a former National Security Agency official , was indicted in 2010 on 10 counts of willful retention of national defense information , obstruction of justice and making false statements . Prosecutors accused him of leaking information to a reporter . But prosecutors decided they could not pursue the charges after a federal judge ruled classified information would have to be presented in open court . Drake pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of exceeding his authorized use of an agency computer after authorities dropped the most serious charges -- including some under the Espionage Act -- against him . He was sentenced to a year of probation in July . Drake 's attorneys said the case did not involve "  the handling or mishandling of classified information . Rather , it relates to Mr. Drake 's decision to communicate with a Baltimore Sun reporter about his belief that NSA was engaged in waste , fraud and abuse . " Other cases include that of former CIA officer John Kiriakou , who pleaded not guilty in April to charges he gave classified information to reporters and lied to a CIA review board about material in a book he wrote ; and Bradley Manning , the Army intelligence analyst suspected of leaking hundreds of thousands of classified military and State Department documents while serving in Iraq , many of which ended up on the WikiLeaks site . Also , there 's Shamai Leibowitz , a former FBI contract linguist who pleaded guilty to providing classified documents to the host of an Internet blog , who then published information on the blog . Leibowitz was sentenced to 20 months in prison in 2010 . Aftergood said he believes authorities should take into account whether the leak resulted in damage . "  There 's too much passion at work here , too much zeal and not enough judgment , " he said . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama will not accept harmful leaks , spokesman says Democratic presidents may feel the need to be tough on law enforcement , CNN analyst says Congressional pressure may be one reason for increased prosecutions , an expert says Technology also makes it easier to determine the source of leaks , he says
CNN  -- My eyes stung , I was coughing , my nose was running . Along with cameraman David Hawley and freelance producer Kareem Khadder , I had just been tear-gassed -- not for the first time last Friday -- during a day-long clash between Palestinian kids and Israeli soldiers in the West Bank town of Na'alin , on the West Bank . An Israeli soldier confronts Palestinian protesters during a demonstration Friday in the West Bank village of Jayyus . We had gone there to gauge the Palestinian view of Tuesday 's Israeli elections . Na'alin , and many other towns and villages like it in the West Bank , are in the forefront of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians . Here , it all comes down to the most basic element in the century-old conflict : control of the land . Na'alin is an old town , with factories and workshops , surrounded by olive groves . But in recent years neighboring Israeli settlements , built since the June 1967 war , have increasingly encroached on Na'alin 's farmland , and Israel , on grounds of security , has built its security barrier around the town . As a result , Na'alin residents say they have lost access to much of their land , their water sources , in short their livelihood . Beginning two years ago , every Friday they hold protests against Israel 's settlement expansion and barrier building . Most Na'alin residents are not ideological hotheads ; before the outbreak of the second Palestinian intifada , or uprising , in September 2000 , many worked in Israel . Most are still fluent in Hebrew and do business with Israelis looking for a good deal on car repairs and other services . For that reason I thought Na'alin would be a good place to see what Palestinians were thinking . What I heard was universal pessimism . No one I spoke with expressed the slightest hope that any of the leading candidates -- Likud 's Benjamin Netanyahu , Kadima 's Tzipi Livni , Israel Beitenu 's Avigdor Lieberman and Labour 's Ehud Barak -- would do anything to remove the settlements that are slowly closing in on Na'alin . As we sheltered from the tear gas behind a house , Na'alin resident Hani Khawaja told me , "  I do n't expect anything to come out of the elections that will please the Palestinians . Just killings , expulsions and land confiscations . " Another man , Ayub Srour , had a slightly different approach . He prefers Israeli leaders to be honest about their intentions , and not raise hopes only to dash them later . He wants Likud leader and long-time hardliner Benjamin Netanyahu to win . "  At least he 's honest . He says he 'll expel us , and he will expel us . He says he 's slaughter us , and he will slaughter us . " I 've covered almost every Israeli election since 1996 . With each election , the Palestinian feeling of despair and hopelessness only deepens . Since the last election in the spring of 2006 , Palestinians have seen Israel and Hezbollah go to war , West Bank settlements continue to expand , Hamas and Fatah fight it out in Gaza with Hamas taking control in June 2007 . They 've also seen a series of Israeli incursions into Gaza , culminating recently in the 22-day Israeli offensive that left large parts of the strip in ruins . Meanwhile many Palestinians say their leadership -- often described as moderate and pro-western -- in Ramallah is incapable of reversing the trend of settlement expansion . The same leadership has been unable to convince Israel to remove few of the hundreds of roadblocks and checkpoints that make travelling around the West Bank a test of patience and endurance . In short , when Palestinians look back over the last 15 years since the Oslo Accords were signed , they 've seen their lot only go from bad to worse . As a result , more and more Palestinians are convinced the only way to beat the Israelis is to join them , to discard failed attempts at creating a Palestinian state in an ever smaller , ever more economically unviable territory , and go for what is known as the one-state solution . That would mean Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza relinquishing their dream of an independent Palestinian state , and instead insisting on equal rights in the territory between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean , an area that is , for all intents and purposes , under Israel 's control anyway . The one-state solution is an anathema to many Israelis , who are well aware that , with their higher birth-rate , Palestinians  those living within Israel proper , plus Jerusalem , the West Bank and Gaza  could well become a majority within a generation . Israelis increasingly worry the national struggle between Israel and the Palestinians will be transformed into an internal struggle , for equal rights for all those living within historic Palestine . Those fears prompted Israel 's current caretaker prime minister , Ehud Olmert , to warn as far back as November 2007 that if Israel does n't move quickly to achieve a two-state solution , it will be in a position not unlike South Africa during the apartheid area , whereby a minority -- in this case Israeli Jews -- rules over a restive majority -- the Palestinians -- by means of force , repression and discriminatory laws . Many Palestinians argue that is already the case , citing Israeli restrictions on movement , residence , and work . The bedrock of Israeli antipathy toward the Palestinians is part of the reason for the growing strength of the Israel Beiteinu  Israel is Our Home  Party , led by Avigdor Leiberman . He argues that Israel 's Palestinian minority  they make up about 20 percent of the population  as a potential fifth column working against the aims of the Jewish majority . Leiberman has focused much of his fire on Palestinian Knesset members such as Ahmed Tibi , accusing him and others of sympathising with Israel 's enemies , Hamas and Hizballah . His solution is to compel all of Knesset members -- and possibly all Israeli citizens -- to take an oath of loyalty to the state . Another of Leiberman 's proposals is to redraw Israel 's boundaries to exclude as many of its Palestinians as possible . Tibi responds that Leiberman 's growing clout is symptomatic of "  an obvious fascist phenomena invading Israeli society . During the last years , racism became mainstream . " Back in the town of Na'alin , the kids throwing stones at Israeli troops do have some odd companions . Young Israelis , some of them self-described anarchists , also take part in the protests . They do n't throw stones , but they do offer useful advice . "  Laththam ! Laththam ! " one Israeli with black tattoos on his arms tells a young boy , no older than 12 , hurling rocks with a home-made sling . "  Laththam " is Arabic for "  cover your face , " the advice imparted because if Israeli troops can identify stone throwers , they arrest them . There still is cooperation of sorts between Palestinians and Israelis , but it 's an increasingly rare commodity . And this election probably wo n't do anything to bridge the growing gap between the two -- the curious friendship in Na'alin notwithstanding .	CNN correspondent finds moods of universal pessimism in West Bank town Israel votes Tuesday after election campaign dominated by the country 's right More and more Palestinians see "  one-state solution " as only way forward Israelis oppose one-state solution for fear Palestinians would be majority
Hong Kong  CNN  -- On a promenade that runs along Hong Kong 's harbor , crowds of tourists jostle for their chance to photograph the city 's spectacular skyline . But long after most have retired to their hotel rooms , one small group of visitors remains . The four men , who came from India in search of a better life , say they have been sleeping in the alcove of a building in Hong Kong 's Tsim Sha Tsui district for almost two months as they wait for their asylum claim to be processed . "  Lots of refugees in Hong Kong live in the same conditions , " says Mohammadi Rahman , chairman of Refugee Union , a group that advocates for asylum seekers ' rights and helps them to find suitable housing in Hong Kong as they wait to learn their fate . It 's a feeling that Rahman , 30 , knows well . When he arrived in Hong Kong in 2007 , he , too , was homeless and slept on the streets for months . For almost eight years , he has been battling what many see as the government 's indifference to the plight of refugees . Frustrated by his own struggle against Hong Kong 's immigration system after fleeing Afghanistan , he has become a champion for the rights of some of the city 's most vulnerable inhabitants . When he was just five years old Rahman fled with his family to Iran after one of his brothers was shot dead during the country 's civil war . He worked as an engineer and made enough money to help support his parents , along with his four sisters and three brothers . But he was n't safe in Iran either , for reasons he wo n't disclose for fear of putting his family in danger . "  The government wanted me dead , " he said . If he returns , he believes he will be incarcerated , tortured , or worse . In 2011 , after more than three years in Hong Kong , the United Nations recognized Rahman as a refugee . Since then he has been waiting for the organization to find a third country that will take him in . Thousands living in limbo Around 6,000 people are currently seeking asylum in Hong Kong according to the territory 's Immigration Department . Refugees can not work legally , which makes them dependent on the city 's welfare system . The lucky few whose claims are successful are resettled to another country . As Rahman can attest it is an agonizing process that can take years . "  As long as you do n't have a right to work , you do n't have anything to live on , " says Rahman . "  You do n't have any future . You ca n't build your family 's future , your kids ' future . " Authorities provide food parcels three times a month and a rental allowance , but some asylum seekers say the assistance is not enough to cover even their most basic needs . Strength in unity In January this year , Rahman and several dozen others like him founded the Refugee Union . The group advocates for the rights of asylum seekers , gives advice and legal assistance and helps people find accommodation . "  We created the Refugee Union to fight ... against the system with more power , " he said . "  We have to fight together , because whatever I fight , another refugee is fighting for the same thing -- they suffer from the same thing . " In recent months , the group has held peaceful demonstrations in the heart of Hong Kong 's business district to raise awareness of their concerns and put pressure on authorities . "  Most of the refugees are afraid to complain , because they think if they complain , immigration will process their application faster and will reject them ,  or  will cut their welfare allowance , " Rahman said . Since Refugee Union began its campaign , the government has increased asylum seekers ' food and rent allowance , and given them additional funds for transportation , electricity and water . Rahman says that the total assistance they receive still falls below the city 's poverty line . "  The Refugee Union completely changed the asylum arena by coordinating individual protests into group action , " says Cosmo Beatson , executive director of Vision First , an NGO that is giving the group advice and logistical support . "  The goal is to empower refugees to speak up for themselves , support each other in solidarity and advocate for the changes that they desperately need because obviously collective bargaining beats solo endeavors . " Improving lives In Hong Kong , Rahman lives with his wife in a cramped , one-room apartment that costs HK$ 2,800  $ 360  per month . She earns HK$ 4,000  $ 520  a month working as a domestic helper for a local family , but sends a large portion of her income back to her family in the Philippines . Every day , Rahman reads a sign that his wife has placed near their bed : "  Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass , but about learning how to dance in the rain . " He hopes one day to leave Hong Kong and start a new life . Until then , he is determined to help reform the city 's welfare system so that other asylum seekers are n't forced to live "  like beggars . " "  Even though I can not do work ... it is better for me to give my time for them , to help them to improve their situation in Hong Kong , " he said . CNN 's Michala Sabnani and CNNMoney 's Charles Riley contributed to this report .	Mohammadi Rahman fled Afghanistan as a child He came to Hong Kong to seek asylum in 2007 He helps other asylum seekers in the city to understand their rights and have a voice Cost of living in Hong Kong is high ; asylum seekers , who ca n't work legally , often live in poverty
CNN  -- Reigning Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund opened the new season with a convincing 3-1 home win over SV Hamburg Friday night . Midfielder Kevin Grosskreutz scored twice with 19-year-old Mario Goetze grabbing the other goal with an impudent finish . Hamburg , who were second best for most of the match played before a capacity 80,720 crowd at Signal Iduna Park , grabbed a late consolation from midfielder Robert Tesche . "  We played really well . We took the foot off the gas a little in the closing stages , but there is plenty to be positive about , " Dortmund defender Mats Hummels told AFP . Goetz , who has been rewarded by a call up to Germany 's squad for Wednesday 's international against Brazil , showed just why as he set up Grosskreutz for the opener on 17 minutes . Japan midfielder Shinji Kagawa hit the post for dominant Dortmund before it was Goetze who set the stadium alight as he played a one-two with Poland striker Robert Lewandowski and chipped Jaroslav Drobny in the Hamburg goal for the second . Grosskreutz sealed the three points with a 48th minute strike with Goetze again involved . He played a one-two with Kagawa and when the ball came to Grosskreutz he shot home at the second attempt . Tesche headed home Hamburg 's goal on 79 minutes after Kagawa had earlier cleared off the line . But Dortmund comfortably held out for a deserved victory which sends a signal to their other title rivals that they will be difficult to dislodge after their runaway title win of last season . Bayern Munich , deposed by Dortmund , open their campaign Sunday against Borussia Moenchengladbach .	Reigning Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund beat Hamburg 3-1 in season-opener Kevin Grosskreutz scores twice with Mario Goetze grabbing the other Goetze has been called up to Germany 's squad for friendly against Brazil Bayner Munich open their campaign Sunday against Borussia Moenchengladbach
CNN  -- As Apple enthusiasts speculate over why pancreatic cancer survivor Steve Jobs wo n't appear at Macworld Conference & Expo this year , the CEO asks them to think differently about his health . Apple CEO Steve Jobs delivered keynote addresses in September 2008 , left , and in October 2005 , right . Addressing the "  Apple Community " in a statement , Jobs said his doctors think they have found the reason behind his weight loss : "  a hormone imbalance that has been ` robbing ' me of the proteins my body needs to be healthy . Sophisticated blood tests have confirmed this diagnosis . " But doctors unaffiliated with Jobs ' care say this "  hormone imbalance " could be a symptom of a slew of underlying conditions , including cancer or diabetes . However , any diagnosis based on this description and Jobs ' cancer history is purely speculative , experts say . Based on Jobs ' history of gastrointestinal problems , it 's possible his gastrointestinal system either is n't absorbing proteins or is losing proteins , said Dr. Kenneth Burman , director of Endocrinology at Washington Hospital Center in Washington , who is not involved in caring for Jobs . "  I suspect he 's referring to his gastrointestinal system and some of the hormones related to that , rather than more classic endocrine hormones , " which are associated with the thyroid , adrenal or pituitary glands , Burman said . While abnormalities related to those hormones may also lead to weight loss , they are not necessarily associated with pancreatic disease , he said . There is not enough information available to say how severe a gastrointestinal hormonal problem would be , he said . Others speculate the hormonal issue could relate to his cancer . Dr. Jeffrey Mechanick , clinical professor at Mount Sinai Medical Center , said a tumor in the pancreas would typically create an overproduction of hormones . Glucagon , a hormone produced in the pancreas , would lead to weight loss if produced in excess . "  In a patient whom a few years ago had pancreatic cancer , then progressive weight loss , then develops complications from the weight loss , it would be logical to associate his symptoms now with the previous cancer , " he said . But the weight loss is not necessarily cancer-related , and Jobs ' statement suggests that it 's not , said Dr. Andrew Lowy , chief of the division of surgical oncology at the University of California , San Diego 's Moores Cancer Center . Plenty of hormonal conditions , as well as diabetes related to cancer treatment , could be the reason , he said . Jobs , who co-founded Apple Inc. , first learned he had pancreatic cancer in October 2003 . He had been getting abdominal scans because of a history of intestinal problems , and a tumor appeared on one of them , Fortune reported last year . The growth was an islet cell neuroendocrine tumor , a rare form of pancreatic cancer that is operable , Fortune reported . While Jobs initially wanted to treat the tumor with a special diet and alternative therapies , he finally underwent a Whipple procedure , a painful but relatively safe operation , in July 2004 , Fortune reported . If Jobs had a recurrence of this tumor , and it was a functional neuroendocrine tumor , which produces problem-causing hormones , that would be one speculative explanation , Lowy said . But not enough information is available to say whether the tumor was the functional kind , he said . "  Is it possible that a cancer recurrence would result in weight loss ? Of course . He 's saying that 's not what he has , and so , I have to take him at his word . None of us know the truth except his doctors , " Lowy said . Rumors about Jobs ' declining health have been circulating for months , as his weight visibly dropped from one public appearance to the next . While Jobs ' keynote address at the Macworld Conference & Expo is usually the highlight of the Apple fan gathering , Apple announced in December Jobs would not appear this year and the company would no longer participate in the event after 2009 . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	Doctors : Jobs ' "  hormone imbalance " could refer to several health conditions Cancer recurrence could explain weight loss Hormonal imbalance related to thyroid , pituitary or adrenal glands also possible Jobs will not appear at Macworld this year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on two top al Qaeda suspects , according to a Bush-era Justice Department memo released by the Obama administration . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , seen in a December sketch , was waterboarded 183 times in a month , a memo says . The controversial technique that simulates drowning -- and which President Obama calls torture -- was used at least 83 times in August 2002 on suspected al Qaeda leader Abu Zubaydah , according to the memo . Interrogators also waterboarded Khalid Sheikh Mohammed 183 times in March 2003 . Mohammed is believed to be the mastermind behind the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . Obama released the memo Thursday , saying that "  exceptional circumstances surround these memos and require their release . " Watch other tactics outlined in memos " The memo , dated May 30 , 2005 , was from then-Deputy Assistant Attorney General Steven G. Bradbury to John Rizzo , who was acting general counsel for the CIA . It paints a different picture from the one described by former CIA officer John Kiriakou . In a December 2007 interview with CNN , Kiriakou said Zubaydah had been waterboarded for "  about 30 seconds , 35 seconds " and agreed to cooperate with interrogators the following day . In an interview on "  Fox News Sunday , " Michael Hayden , who directed the CIA from 2006 to 2009 , was asked about the number of times Mohammed was waterboarded . Hayden denounced the release of the memos and did not comment on the number , saying it was his understanding that the frequency of waterboarding was among the operational details that had not been declassified . Watch one expert say tactics ` worse than Abu Ghraib ' " The 2005 memo refers to a letter that had contained the numbers as well . Part of the reference to the letter was redacted in the released memo . Waterboarding is among the interrogation tactics that Obama has prohibited through an executive order . The CIA also has admitted waterboarding Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri , the first person charged in the United States for the 2000 attack on the USS Cole in Yemen that killed 17 U.S. sailors . Obama said last week he felt comfortable releasing the classified memos because the Bush administration acknowledged using some of the practices associated with the memos , and the interrogation techniques were widely reported and have since been banned . "  Withholding these memos would only serve to deny facts that have been in the public domain for some time , " Obama said in a statement . "  This could contribute to an inaccurate accounting of the past , and fuel erroneous and inflammatory assumptions about actions taken by the United States . " The president applauded the work of the U.S. intelligence community and said no one who "  carried out their duties relying in good faith upon legal advice from the Department of Justice " would be prosecuted .	Memo : Khalid Sheikh Mohammed waterboarded 183 times in one month Former CIA officer said in 2007 that Mohammed waterboarded for 30-35 seconds Obama : Memos released because methods were reported , are now banned CIA 's ex-chief denounces decision to release memos
CNN  -- "  It 's just interesting how sometimes you cross paths with people in your life , " reflected Katharine McPhee in a 2012 interview with CNN . The words continue to ring true for the actress and "  American Idol " alumna . Over the past two years , McPhee has been working with the nonprofit organization , Malaria No More , to save the lives of children half a world away . It all started when a chance connection brought McPhee from the California coast to the poor , landlocked country of Burkina Faso in West Africa . In 2007 , a family friend living in Burkina Faso told her about a need for a new preschool in the Nioko District of the capital city , Ouagadougou . She and husband Nick Cokas agreed to help fund the project . McPhee was not able to travel to Africa when the doors opened in 2009 but kept in touch with the school 's headmaster through e-mail . "  We were sort of losing connection with her ... and she e-mailed back , saying , ' I am so sorry . I have been sick with malaria more than once this year , ' " McPhee said . Students invent award-winning soap to tackle malaria Malaria is a mosquito-borne disease that , left untreated , can be extremely serious and even fatal , particularly for young children . However , malaria-related illness and death can usually be prevented according to the Centers for Disease Control . McPhee knew she had to help . "  Every minute , a child dies from malaria . Every minute . That is pretty stunning . If that was happening in the States , there would be action right away . It would be an epidemic , " McPhee said . McPhee and the team from Malaria No More traveled to West Africa in 2012 . She finally got to visit the school she helped build years earlier , but the team 's main mission was to distribute mosquito nets and educate people in Burkina Faso and Ghana on malaria prevention . She continues the mission back at home by getting out the word on how to help . Lucy Liu 's quest to help Syrian children "  The message is that this is a disease that nobody should be living with , and if they do get infected , it 's curable . They just need the right resources . " This year , she spoke to a room filled with college fraternity and sorority members , encouraging them to join with Malaria No More to end malaria related deaths by 2015 through Greeks for Good . She admits that it is easy to feel powerless in the face of a disease like malaria , but any action , however small , can impact a life . That is the idea behind Malaria No More 's "  Power of One " campaign , in which every dollar donated to the campaign will pay for one full course of treatment for a child with malaria . "  Every trip you go , every dollar you send , every organization you get involved with , you can make a difference , " McPhee said . For more information on how you can join McPhee in the fight against malaria , visit CNN 's Impact Your World . A to Z of Malaria	Katharine McPhee is working with Malaria No More to end malaria deaths by 2015 McPhee 's fight against malaria started when a woman she knew in Burkina Faso got sick McPhee and a team from Malaria No More traveled to Burkina Faso and Ghana to help A dollar donation to the "  Power of One " campaign pays for a course of malaria treatment
CNN  -- Tensions are high in Kenya after the recent general elections saw front-runner , Prime Minister Raila Odinga , contest the Electoral commission 's decision to declare Uhuru Kenyatta the winner . And nowhere is the tension more palpable than on social network platforms such as Facebook and Twitter . Online , supporters of Uhuru Kenyatta and Raila Odinga often engage in a war of words that reveal deep tribal animosity . But the common ground that both groups seem to stand on is confidence that the Supreme Court -- set up under the new constitution -- will give the case a fair hearing . "  I would say that the constitution of Kenya that was put in place in 2010 has considered the scenario we are currently facing , " said Charles Kanjama , a partner at Kenyan law firm Muma and Kanjama advocates . "  The reason why the different political parties are confident and have recourse to the court is because they 're very clear that the court can deal with this . " At the center of the court case is the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission of Kenya  IEBC  which Raila Odinga accuses of failing to ensure a free and fair election and thus subverting the outcome of the presidential election . Electoral officials deny any voter manipulation , and the IEBS says it is confident that the final result was credible . The Supreme Court , meanwhile , has ordered a partial recount to determine whether the number of votes was higher than the number of registered voters . Kenyatta narrowly won the presidential poll , clinching 50.07 % of the vote , just breaking past the halfway mark needed for the victory . Raila Odinga has called for a new election . He and many of his supporters say that the court case is a test of Kenya 's democracy . "  This is a crisis in the very workings of the faith that Kenyans have placed in their institutions to respect their democratic rights and the rule of law . It is democracy that is on trial , " Odinga said . For Kenya 's Supreme Court , the stakes are incredibly high -- there is the question of ensuring the country 's confidence in its institutions after the disputed 2007 election when some 1,000 people were killed after Odinga also lost that vote , claiming the election had been rigged . He later became prime minister in a power-sharing agreement . With this election , it has been relatively peaceful -- and it is hoped that things will remain that way as the country waits for the court ruling . The law gives the Supreme Court timelines within which it needs to arrive at a verdict . In this case , the court has until the Saturday of the Easter holiday to make a ruling . Analysts in the Kenyan media are saying that if Kenyans across the political sphere can abide by their decision , no matter how it goes , then it will truly be evidence that the country has moved on . READ MORE : Kenyan presidential contender 's camp says vote ` doctored ' READ MORE : Reports : Kenyatta has slim majority in Kenya presidential election READ MORE : President-elect Uhuru Kenyatta of Kenya a man of complexities	Supporters of Uhuru Kenyatta and Raila Odinga often engage in a war of words Kenyatta narrowly won the presidential poll , clinching 50.07 % of the vote The Supreme Court is considering a challenge to the election result Analysts in the Kenyan media say if Kenyans abide by the ruling then the country has moved on
New York  CNN  -- The British tourist who was struck by a New York City taxi after it jumped a curb had her left leg amputated below the knee , hospital officials said Thursday . Sian Green , 23 , was at 49th Street and Sixth Avenue -- home to Rockefeller Center and near Radio City Music Hall and Saks Fifth Avenue -- Tuesday morning when she and a bicyclist were both hit by the cab after the driver swerved onto the curb , authorities said . Given the condition of the lower leg , "  replantation was not an option , " according to Dr. Spiros G. Frangos of Bellevue Hospital . Green 's right leg sustained multiple injuries but will likely regain most functionality with time and physical therapy , the trauma surgeon said in a statement . Green 's parents released a statement on Thursday , expressing their gratitude to all those that helped during this "  difficult time . " "  We hope Sian will soon be on her way to recovery and will be able to personally thank all the kind people of New York City , " they said . TV 's Dr. Mehmet Oz , host of "  The Dr. Oz Show , " was nearby at the time of the accident and rushed over to assist , according to show rep Tim Sullivan . A good Samaritan walking by also aided Green . "  David Justino , a plumber from New York , took action , removing his belt and using it as a tourniquet , " Oz said in a Facebook post . As of Thursday , the cab driver did not face criminal charges , police said . CNN 's Erinn Cawthon contributed to this report .	Taxi jumps a curb at a busy intersection and hits a British tourist and a cyclist Pedestrian loses left leg below the knee Dr. Mehmet Oz , plumber assisted woman
Washington  CNN  -- Colleagues of Sen. Robert Byrd of West Virginia mourned his death as family and friends planned his funeral . Byrd , the longest-serving member of the U.S. Congress , died Monday at the age of 92 . Under West Virginia law , the state 's popular two-term Democratic governor , Joe Manchin , has the power to appoint Byrd 's successor . Manchin is expected to name a fellow member of his party to succeed Byrd , who was also a Democrat , thereby keeping a total of 59 Democrats in the Senate . There are questions , however , regarding exactly how long Byrd 's appointed successor can serve before another election is held . West Virginia law says that if a Senate vacancy is created within two and a half years of the end of a term , the appointed successor will automatically serve out the remainder of the term . If not , a special election is required . Byrd 's current term is scheduled to end on January 3 , 2013 . The two and a half year mark will be reached on Saturday , July 3 . West Virginia law fails , however , to state exactly when a vacancy occurs . Whether the vacancy is considered to have been created at the moment of Byrd 's death , or when the Senate informs state officials of the vacancy , or when Manchin declares the seat vacant will be crucial . West Virginia -- a traditional Democratic stronghold -- has been increasingly competitive for the Republicans . John McCain easily defeated Barack Obama in West Virginia in the 2008 presidential election . Neither Manchin nor the Democratic-led Senate have made any official declarations yet . As question swirl around the timing of the next election for Byrd 's seat , numerous political leaders have been issuing statements in remembrance of the nine-term senator : -- President Barack Obama "  The people of West Virginia have lost a true champion , the United States Senate has lost a venerable institution , and America has lost a voice of principle and reason with the passing of Robert C. Byrd . Senator Byrd 's story was uniquely American . He was born into wrenching poverty , but educated himself to become an authoritative scholar , respected leader , and unparalleled champion of our Constitution . He scaled the summit of power , but his mind never strayed from the people of his beloved West Virginia . He had the courage to stand firm in his principles , but also the courage to change over time . " -- Gov. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia "  Sen. Byrd was a fearless fighter for the constitution , his beloved state and its great people . He made a significant mark as a member of Congress in both our state 's and nation 's history . His accomplishments and contributions will define history for eternity . " -- Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia "  It has been my greatest privilege to serve with Robert C. Byrd in the United States Senate . I looked up to him , I fought next to him , and I am deeply saddened that he is gone . He leaves a void that simply can never be filled . But I am lifted by the knowledge of his deep and abiding faith in God , I have joy in the thought of him reunited with his dear  late wife  Erma , and I am proud knowing that his moving life story and legacy of service and love for West Virginia will live on . Senator Byrd came from humble beginnings in the southern coalfields , was raised by hard-working West Virginians , and triumphantly rose to the heights of power in America . But he never forgot where he came from nor who he represented , and he never abused that power for his own gain . " -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada "  By virtue of his endurance , Robert Byrd knew and worked with many of the greats of the United States Senate . Because of his enduring virtue , he will be remembered as one of them . Senator Byrd dedicated every single day of his Senate service to strengthening the institution , state and republic that he loved so dearly . There will never be another like him . " -- Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky "  Sen. Byrd combined a devotion to the U.S. Constitution with a deep learning of history to defend the interests of his state and the traditions of the Senate . We will remember him for his fighter 's spirit , his abiding faith , and for the many times he recalled the Senate to its purposes . ... We are glad to know that Senator Byrd and his beloved Erma are reunited . We extend our deepest sympathies to the entire Byrd family . " -- Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont "  No senator came to care more about the Constitution or to be a more effective defender of our constitutional government than the senior senator from West Virginia . He was a senator 's senator . ... I know him as a mentor and a friend . I was honored to stand with him and fight against assaults on the Constitution and against an unnecessary and costly war in Iraq . He was a self-educated man who learned much throughout his life and had much to teach us all . He was a symbol of West Virginia , he was an outstanding senator , and he was extraordinary American . " -- Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama "  It is a sad day for all of us . There was no one who loved the institution of the Senate more , and no one who was a better student of it . " CNN 's Ted Barrett , Alan Silverleib , and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama : Senate has "  lost a venerable institution " Questions raised about if/when a special election is required Harry Reid , Senate Democratic leader : "  There will never be another like him " Void "  can never be filled , " says Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia
CNN  -- When you want to get away from it all , set your course for these romantic islands , as chosen by Travel + Leisure readers . Bora-Bora seduces couples with visions of overwater bungalows above a turquoise lagoon . But that 's not all : The island offers coral reefs and , should you need backup , the St. Regis romance concierge  duties have included spelling "  Marry Me " in coconut husks on the beach  . The Tahitian island has certainly captured the hearts of Travel + Leisure readers , who voted Bora-Bora the No. 1 island for romance , a new category in this year 's World 's Best Awards survey . Spin the globe , and you 're bound to land by one of the top romantic islands . From the Mediterranean to the Indian Ocean , they share the powerful ingredient of fantasy . There 's nothing like escaping to an island with your loved one to bring out starry eyes in the most jaded traveler . Discover the getaway escape that 's right for you two castaways among these top islands for romance . 1 . Bora-Bora , French Polynesia What could be more seductive than an overwater bungalow above a turquoise lagoon ? That 's the essence of Bora-Bora , a geographically blessed sliver of French Polynesia . At its heart lies the jagged peak of Mount Otemanu ; on its fringes , tiny motus  islets  and a coral reef with a swirl of colorful marine life . Travel + Leisure : World 's Best Airlines Room to Book : Villas 103 to 110 at the St. Regis Bora Bora Resort have private decks with whirlpools and outdoor showers . Table for Two : Order the poisson cru  a local take on ceviche  at the sand-floored Bora Kaina Hut . Do n't Miss : A private snorkeling trip with Diveasy Bora Bora , whose divemasters get you up close and personal with moray eels and giant manta rays . 2 . Capri , Italy Known for its limestone cliffs and waterfront villas , this 4-square-mile speck in the Tyrrhenian Sea fully embraces the concept of la dolce vita .  For proof , look to the afternoon crowds stretched out on the rocks and sipping Prosecco at the glamorous La Fontelina beach club . A funicular railway whisks visitors from the main port to the boutique-lined streets of Capri town ; privacy-seekers keep heading upward by foot or bus to the quieter village of Anacapri . There , stroll through the gardens of the 19th-century Villa San Michele with only ivy-covered statues for company . Room to Book : No. 2 at J. K. Place Capri for a roomy terrace and dreamlike water views . Table for Two : Sign up for a cooking lesson at the agriturismo TerraMMare , where you 'll make , and then dine on , traditional island recipes . Do n't Miss : The nightly passeggiata , when well-heeled Italians glide through the streets at sunset before settling in at a bar on the piazza to watch the action unfold . 3 . Santorini , Greece If there were ever a place that could get by on its looks , it would be Santorini . Whitewashed cave houses framed by bougainvillea and backed by blue-domed churches spill down the rim of an ancient volcanic crater ; at sunset , the Sea of Crete is bathed in a rosy glow . Yet as compelling as the scenery may be , Santorini 's true appeal lies in its wealth of diversions : extraordinary wines , black  or red or white  beaches and archaeological sites from the prehistoric era . Travel + Leisure : Best Secret Beaches on Earth Room to Book : The Perivolas Suite at Perivolas hotel , whose cliffside terrace seems to hover at the crater 's edge . Table for Two : Order the flaky pastry-wrapped saganaki  traditional fried cheese  with fig jam at Assyrtico Wine Restaurant , a buzzy newcomer . Do n't Miss : The richly preserved Bronze Age settlement of Akrotri , sometimes referred to as the "  Minoan Pompeii , " which reopened last spring . 4 . Kauai , Hawaii It 's the oldest of Hawaii 's eight main islands -- and arguably the most dramatic , with scenery that ranges from wind-eroded mountains and red-walled canyons to primeval rainforest and photo-ready waterfalls . Room to Book : No. 808 at the St. Regis Princeville Resort for unobstructed views of Hanalei Bay . Table for Two : Share a succession of small plates  slow-braised short ribs ; honeycomb with goat cheese  at the laid-back , open-air Bar Acuda in Hanalei . Do n't Miss : A six-hour hike with Chuck Blay of Kauai Nature Tours ; you 'll learn the myths of every fruit and flower along the way . 5 . Boracay , Philippines Once a backpacking haven with only the most basic accommodations , this 5-mile-long island now rivals better-known Asian destinations such as Phuket and Koh Samui , Thailand . A 45-minute flight from Manila brings you to either Kalibo or Caticlan , where boats connect directly to White Beach , whose powdery sand may just be the softest in the world . Room to Book : A short tuk-tuk ride from the southern end of White Beach , Mandala Spa & Villas feels like a true retreat , with daily yoga classes and massages included in room rates , along with all the mangoes you can eat . The cliffside Pool Villa has the best vantage point over the Sulu Sea . Table for Two : Feast on Mediterranean mezes at Kasbah  Station One , White Beach  , where pillow-strewn sofas evoke North Africa on the sand . Do n't Miss : Mandala Spa & Villas ' Hilot Trilogy , which incorporates an ancient Filipino form of massage . 6 . Maldives This remote Indian Ocean archipelago greets travelers with white-sand beaches , atolls and secluded high-end resorts that lure honeymooners and celebrities . The world 's lowest-lying nation has a close union with the sea : Where else would you find a hotel with a coral nursery and an underwater nightclub ? That would be Niyama Maldives , a Per Aquum Resort . It has a restaurant reachable by boat only . 7 . Maui Peel back the tropical-paradise fa  ade of this Hawaiian island to reveal a rich variety of landscapes : the otherworldly summit of the volcanic crater Haleakala , the sugarcane fields and farms like O'o Farm , and the 1900s cowboy town of Makawao , with horses trotting down the back roads . For the ultimate tucked-away-ness , the eastern town of Hana at the edge of a rainforest is like falling back in time -- and after a day out exploring , you two can retreat to luxe Travaasa Hana Maui , a special place that emphasizes the culture and tradition of Hawaii , from the indigenous patterns used in textiles to ukulele and hula lessons . 8 . Moorea , Tahiti The less-visited sister island of Bora-Bora offers an intoxicating blend of rugged jungle interior , blue lagoons and scents of tiare , pamplemousse and vanilla that swirl in the air . It 's believed that author James Michener 's Bali Hai in Tales of the South Pacific was inspired by the island . To get the lay of the land , drive up Magic Mountain , and you 'll see Opunohu and Cook 's bays sparkle below . The Tahitians are typically friendly and open -- and can point you to the wild , coconut-strewn beach where Mutiny on the Bounty was filmed . 9 . Vieques , Puerto Rico The secret is definitely out about Vieques , which promises the key ingredients for romance , among them , a slew of pristine coves and beaches and a languid pace . Portions of the island are designated a National Wildlife refuge -- protecting sea turtles , lagoons and mangroves -- and the island 's famous bioluminescent bay is filled with microscopic organisms that flash bright blue and illuminate the water . The eco mindset here carries through at the intimate Hix Island House , which opened its solar-powered six-room Casa Solaris in the past year , built by Canadian-born architect John Hix . 10 . Bali Bali 's been at the apex of the romance circuit for decades , if not centuries , with couples drawn to the mist-shrouded temples , mountainous landscapes , Balinese art and world-famous friendliness of the locals . The island got a recent boost  as if it needed it  from the success of "  Eat , Pray , Love , " whose film crew chose the white-sand Padang-Padang beach as backdrop . Just a short drive away from here is the new Le M  ridien Bali Jimbaran , with a saltwater lagoon pool . See the rest of the world 's most romantic islands . Ron Gluckman , Frances Hibbard , Shivani Vora , Laurel Delp and Eleni N. Gage contributed to this story . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Readers voted Bora-Bora the No. 1 island for romance , a new category Two Hawaiian islands captured spots on Travel + Leisure 's top 10 romantic islands Spin the globe and find a new romantic island to explore with a loved one
Washington  CNN  -- It 's been true since the Wright Brothers first took flight : Bad plane accidents can lead to good safety improvements . A deadly fire on an Air Canada flight in 1983 , for instance , led to lavatory smoke detectors . And the in-flight rupture of an Aloha Airlines fuselage five years later led to increased scrutiny of aging aircraft . But what will be the legacy of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 , which crashed one year ago this weekend ? CNN talked to safety experts and combed National Transportation Safety Board records for lessons learned in the Asiana crash . Man vs. Machine In pilot lounges and aviation blogs , the verdict is in : Asiana 's pilots screwed up . The crew over-relied on automation , unintentionally disabled the plane 's auto-throttle , did not pay attention to the plane 's slowing speed , and failed at basic piloting skills . That opinion is shared by the NTSB . Last month , the board concluded that the Asiana 214 crash resulted from the "  crew 's mismanagement of the airplane 's descent " into San Francisco International Airport . It outlined a series of mistakes that led to the crash , which killed three teenage girls and seriously injured 49 of the 307 people aboard . In layman 's language , Asiana 214 was caused by pilot error . But to blame the accident solely on pilot error is to miss the real lesson of Flight 214 , past and present NTSB leaders say . The "  one change that I would like to see : Improving the human-machine interface , " said former NTSB chairman Deborah A.P. Hersman , who oversaw the crash investigation . "  The Asiana crash involved an inherently safe aircraft that performed as designed and a very experienced crew , " Hersman said . "  But it demonstrated that commercial pilots are trained to rely heavily on sophisticated automation , which can become a trap if they do n't understand what the system is doing behind the control panel . " At a December hearing , the safety board heard evidence that the Asiana pilots were confused by autopilot modes , believing the auto-throttle would maintain the plane 's speed . "  Automation has unquestionably made aviation safer and more efficient . But the more complex automation becomes , the more challenging it is to ensure that the pilots adequately understand it , " current safety board acting chairman Christopher Hart said last month . "  In this instance , the flight crew over-relied on automated systems that they did not fully understand . As a result , they flew the aircraft too low and too slow and collided with the seawall at the end of the runway . " The NTSB ruled that "  complexities of the auto-throttle and autopilot " systems contributed to the accident . It recommended that Boeing revise the B-777 's operating manual to prevent confusion about the auto-pilot modes . Boeing says it 's faultless "  Boeing respectfully disagrees with the NTSB 's statement that the 777 's auto-flight system contributed to this accident , " it said in a statement . "  The auto-flight system has been used successfully for over 200 million flight hours across several airplane models , and for more than 55 million safe landings , " it said . "  All the airplane 's systems performed as designed . " Boeing said it will review the NTSB 's recommendations . MIT aeronautics Professor R. John Hansman Jr. said the most likely outcome of the Asiana 214 crash : "  an increased focus on pilot training to maintain basic piloting skills and not become too dependent on automation . " Emergency response Experts say first responders performed heroically in racing to the damaged aircraft and removing trapped occupants . But about half of the NTSB 's recommendations involve suggestions to improve emergency responses . Improvement is needed in coordination and communications , said Jeff Price , professor of aviation at aerospace at Metropolitan State University of Denver . "  I kind of relate it to putting a lot of all-stars on the field , but not have a common game plan . " During the Asiana 214 response , an incident commander placed an officer who had not received aircraft firefighting training in charge , the NTSB said . No injuries could be attributed to the officer , it noted . The airport fire department also had two vehicles equipped with turrets that could pierce a plane 's fuselage . But while the Federal Aviation Administration had given guidance on how to pierce a fuselage , it had not given guidance on when to pierce a plane , the NTSB said . And two emergency medical buses failed to arrive at the scene , the NTSB said . The buses were not physically deployed during monthly drills , the board said , likely playing a role in the failure to use them during the crash . "  It 's those types of things you need to exercise , so that when it 's game time , you understand the realities of what you have to do , " Price said . "  I think it 's up to the FAA to raise the standards for airports , " he said . The safety board said the airport initially deployed seven vehicles to the crash , exceeding the FAA-required minimum of three vehicles . And some 23 rescuers were initially deployed , though the FAA has no minimum staffing level . That means victims of crashes at smaller airports "  may not be afforded the same level of protection that the passengers of flight 214 had , " the board said . What went right Experts say the crash could have been much worse ; passengers benefited from safety improvements . "  I 've watched that  crash  video time and again , " Price said . "  The structural integrity of that plane remained amazingly intact for what it went through . It was extraordinary . It protected the occupants very well . " "  If there 's anything good to be had from all the accidents in the past and all the lives lost , it 's made for amazing changes in the design of an aircraft , " Price said . The main landing gear sheared away from the wings , by design . Passenger seats withstood the brutal g-forces . Luggage bins did not fall on the passengers or block their evacuation . The jet fuel did not erupt on impact . And when a fire finally broke out -- the result of leaking oil from the plane 's right engine , which came to rest next to the fuselage -- it did not spread quickly . Fifteen minutes passed before black smoke was seen pouring from the plane 's left door . Authorities note that 99 % of the plane 's occupants survived -- a rate that would have seemed impossible only a decade or two ago . Indeed , two of the three deaths may have been avoidable , the NTSB said . Two girls ejected from the plane had not buckled their seatbelts , investigators said , and likely would have survived if they had . A fire truck rolled over one of the ejected girls in the chaos of the crash scene . The third girl had on a seatbelt , but died at the hospital six days later of injuries suffered in the crash . A year later , survivors recall Asiana Flight 214 crash Pilots blamed for Asiana crash	In pilot lounges and aviation blogs , the verdict is in : Asiana 's pilots screwed up The crew over-relied on automation It also did not pay attention to the plane 's slowing speed
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic will go into the U.S. Open without the match practice he was seeking after suffering his second straight third round defeat in a Masters 1000 tournament . The world number one exited at this stage in Cincinnati Thursday to Spain 's Tommy Robredo , beaten in straight sets , 7-6 7-5 . Fresh off his honeymoon and with his first child due , Djokovic went out to eventual winner Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in Toronto last week . He had hoped to improve in this week 's tournament , particularly as it 's the only one of nine Masters 1000 events to elude him . Djokovic has been a four-time runner up on the hard courts in Ohio and lost to John Isner in the quarterfinals last year . This time around he did not even get to that stage , losing control of his match against Robredo after losing a tight first set tiebreak 8-6 . Djokovic had actually retrieved an early break to level at 4-4 but could not take full advantage . A single break of service in the second set was enough for Robredo to close out a memorable win . "  Just many , many , many things are not clicking these two weeks on hard courts , " Djokovic told the official ATP Tour website . "  It 's unfortunate , but it 's more than obvious I 'm not playing even close to what I 'm supposed to play . I have to keep on working and trying to get better for U.S.Open , " added the Serbian . Earlier , Isner had two match points against former Wimbledon and U.S. Open champion Andy Murray before the Briton emerged the winner in three sets . Murray , who has slipped to eighth in the world rankings after having back surgery in 2013 , eventually prevailed 6-7 6-4 7-6 . America giant Isner had the match points on Murray 's service as he trailed 5-6 in the deciding set , but could not capitalize on his opportunities . Murray took control of the subsequent tiebreaker and won it for the loss of just two points to go into the last eight . "  I played very well , " Murray told Sky Sports . "  This is a big win for me as he  Isner  plays extremely well here . " In the women 's tournament at the same venue , world number one Serena Williams maintained her hopes of a first Cincinnati title with a straight sets win over Italy 's Flavia Pennetta 6-2 6-2 to reach the quarterfinals . "  I got an early break and just did n't let go , " Williams told the official WTA Tour website . She will face Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic for a place in the semifinals after the eighth seed later beat Sloane Stephens of America 7-6 6-4 .	Top seed Novak Djokovic loses to Tommy Robredo in Cincinnati Second straight third round defeat for Djokovic in Masters 1000 events Andy Murray saves two match points before beating John Isner Serena Williams into quarterfinals of women 's tournament in Ohio
CNN  -- He seemed a little confused and unsure of his surroundings . Karl Kraus sat alone in a cell , his blue , watery eyes following me as I entered the holding area of a Chiang Mai courthouse . Karl Kraus is 90 years old , hard of hearing , frail and , according to the police , a dangerous pedophile . I 'd wandered into the cells sure I would be rebuffed . Instead , the Second World War veteran seemed keen to talk to me . He explained how the allegations against him are motivated by greedy neighbors . He claimed they are trying to blackmail him . It 's an argument he will make to judges in the coming weeks . Karl Kraus is thought to be the oldest person ever accused of child molestation in Thailand 's over-burdened penal system . Last year , 2,888 people were charged with having sex with children under 15 in Thailand . Thailand has become the destination of choice for sex tourists looking to prey on children . But now the police are raising their game , determined to turn the tide . Police Lt. Col. Apichart Hattasin leads a small but very determined unit of officers in Chiang Mai , all dedicated to tracking down pedophiles . The workload is going up each month ; officers here are n't sure whether that is because they are simply uncovering more cases , or whether more and more pedophiles are choosing to relocate to Thailand . But Col. Apichart is on a mission to catch them and that 's not easy . He opened his files to CNN , showing us dozens of surveillance videos , photos and cases histories of suspected pedophiles . While he and his men may be convinced someone may be sexually molesting children , proving it in court is another matter . Often a case pivots on the testimonies of the young victims and that means defendants are often tempted to buy off families . "  Money can change a lot , it can change even the mind of the victims . " he said . "  The suspect might try to approach the victim or the family of the victims , to convince them or give bribery to make them change their statement . And if they change their statement , it could be different or totally different I would say . That is the most challenge . " And Col.Apichart is clear the law needs reform . "  There is no specific law about having child pornography in possession , " he said . "  Thailand should issue the new law about child pornography specifically . " Ronnasit Proeksayajiva is with a small NGO called the Counter Human Trafficking Unit . He works closely with Col. Apichart , often accompanying officers on raids . His assessment is frank -- and bleak . "  Honestly right now I do n't think it is getting better , I think it is getting worse , because I do n't know , maybe they believe that Thailand is the best place for them to come to have sex with the children . " Karl Kraus is alleged to have lured girls into his modest rundown bungalow in Doi Saket near Chiang Mai . Just a few houses away , I met the mother of the four girls Karl Kraus is accused of abusing . She denied his claim that she is trying to extort money from him . Instead she breaks down and weeps as she goes into harrowing detail about the ordeal her daughters endured . The youngest girl Kraus is accused of abusing is just seven years old . Kraus ' case has received media attention because of his age , but there are many thousands of other cases in Thailand , which largely go unreported . Like Swiss banker Cornel Wietlisbach , who pleaded guilty to abusing young boys in Chiang Mai -- he was facing a four year sentence , but this was halved because he cooperated with the police . In the end , he was granted parole immediately and was deported back to Switzerland after he 'd paid a 4,000 baht fine  about $ 125  . Such cases do little to discourage pedophiles from coming to Thailand . Col. Apichart says online forums are abuzz with talk about Thailand being a child molesters ' paradise . "  There is a group of the pedophiles online , it is a community , they talk with each other and they like to come to a third world country where the criminal justice system is not strong enough to deal with them . " Another case working its way through the penal system is that of Robert Cutler , a U.S. Fulbright Scholar teaching biology at a Chiang Mai University . The police accuse him of sexually abusing young boys , something Cutler denies . Col. Apichart had him under surveillance for weeks . The photos show Cutler talking to groups of young boys on the street and taking other boys swimming at a local pool . A video of a police search of his apartment revealed semi-clothed youths in his bedroom . All this will form part of the case against him , which is due to start later this month . Col. Apichart has this message to pedophiles thinking of coming to Thailand : "  I would welcome them to come here , I 'm looking for them and if they think they can escape let 's try . I will get them one way or another . I will make sure they get punished . "	Last year , 2,888 people were charged with having sex with children under 15 in Thailand SE Asian nation the destination of choice for sex tourists looking to prey on children Police Lt. Col. Apichart Hattasin leads unit dedicated to tracking down pedophiles Col.Apichart is clear the law in Thailand needs reform to combat problem
CNN  -- A former Mexican president who once led a military crackdown on drug cartels now has a new pitch : creating a legal system to produce , distribute and tax marijuana . Vicente Fox is joining a group of entrepreneurs in Seattle this week to discuss that possibility , six months after voters in Washington state approved a ballot measure allowing recreational marijuana use . As president , Fox launched Operation Safe Mexico , which sent soldiers and federal police to eight cities across the country in 2005 as drug cartels expanded their reach . But since leaving office in 2006 , he 's taken a significantly softer stance . For years , he 's pushed for drug legalization . Using military force to fight cartels does n't work , he argues , but legalization would . "  With this we will avoid the violence , " Fox told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday . "  We will control the criminals and reduce their income , and at the same time it would become a transparent , accountable business in the hands of businessmen . " Speaking to reporters earlier Thursday , Fox praised Washington state 's efforts to legalize marijuana and "  change the paradigm . " "  In Mexico we welcome this initiative , " he said , "  because the cost of the war in the case of Mexico is becoming unbearable , too high for Mexico , Latin America and the rest of the world . " Legalization measures , he argued , ultimately topple the foundations of organized crime . "  We must get out of this trap , and here is the opportunity , ' Fox said . "  Now this group here is moving accordingly from words into plans , and from plans into action , and from action into the arena . To play the real game this group must understand the need to make good , safe , and legal use of these new laws , for the benefit of the people and the common good . " As Fox spoke , Jamen Shively nodded in agreement . The former Microsoft executive is heading up a new business venture that aims to create the first national brand of retail cannabis in the United States . Fox told CNN he was not involved in Shively 's venture , but sat beside him because he supports the push to move to put the drug trade in the hands of businessmen , not criminals . "  By making cannabis illegal , we have instead turned it into a tool for violence , exploited by criminals and organized crime , spanning many countries , " Shively said . "  Ladies and gentlemen , this is a unique moment in history . The Berlin Wall of the prohibition of cannabis is weak , and it is crumbling as we speak . And just as happened in Berlin in 1989 , the old guards who used to protect the wall of cannabis prohibition are laying down their weapons and walking away . " Opponents criticize legalization But drug legalization still has fierce critics . Obama administration officials have repeatedly stressed their opposition to such proposals when they 've been floated in other countries . Last year , John Walters , who directed the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy from 2001 to 2009 , told CNN that decriminalization is "  utterly self-defeating " and would cause more crime . Mexico 's current president , Enrique Pe  a Nieto , has also expressed his doubts about large-scale legalization measures . In Mexico , marijuana use is not crime , but production and distribution of the drug are . Pe  a Nieto told CNN last year that despite his reservations , the way the war on drugs is waged may have to change in light of changing U.S. policies such as the recent referendums in Colorado and Washington . "  Personally , I am not in favor of legalization of drugs ... because it 's not just about marijuana . It seems to me that is a gateway through which people will start taking much more harmful drugs , " Pe  a Nieto said . "  But it 's clear that this thing that has happened in two states in the near future could bring us to rethinking the strategy . " Complicated political landscape In November , voters in both Colorado and Washington state approved ballot measures allowing for the personal , recreational use of marijuana . Nearly 20 other states permit the use of marijuana for medical reasons . The new laws put Colorado and Washington at odds with the federal government , which classifies marijuana as an illegal substance . Since pot is still listed in the nation 's Controlled Substances Act , federal raids of pot businesses continue at feverish pace . In 2012 alone , federal agencies seized more than 2,500 indoor grow operations , killing close to 300,000 plants . The situation makes the so-called legal marijuana industry a risky one . A dispensary could be in full compliance with state laws , but the feds could still raid them . And the financial picture is complicated , too . Figuring out how to tax cash marijuana sales is a challenge both Colorado and Washington are facing . On Thursday , Shively said he 's up to the challenge . "  We have waited long enough for some sort of a green light from Washington , D.C. . In fact , the silence from our nation 's capital has been deafening , " he said . "  We are moving forward with our plans to build a national and eventually international network of cannabis businesses . " Follow Catherine Shoichet on Twitter CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Kevin Liptak and Carma Hassan and CNNMoney 's Jose Pagliery contributed to this report .	With legalization , Vicente Fox says , "  we avoid the violence " of the drug trade He says marijuana production and distribution should be in the hands of businessmen A former Microsoft executive says he plans to create a national cannabis brand The former Mexican president says he is n't involved in the business , but supports it
CNN  -- The bodies of two dolphins and the head of another have washed up along the Gulf Coast , raising red flags for federal investigators already looking into roughly half a dozen dolphin killings . Excluding the latest three , the bodies of at least seven dolphins have turned up this year along a 120-mile stretch of the Gulf Coast from Louisiana to Florida . Some were shot , stabbed and mutilated . It 's unclear whether the latest three deaths are related to those killings , but investigators are exploring that possibility . Moby Solangi , lead biologist of The Institute of Marine Mammal Studies in Gulfport , Mississippi , performed necropsies on nine of the dead marine mammals and will do the 10th on Wednesday . "  We have submitted those results to the federal enforcement officers , who are going to do additional exams or testing to further clarify the cause of death , " he said . Citing the ongoing criminal investigation , Solangi declined to elaborate on the results . The Marine Mammal Protection Act states that anyone convicted of killing a dolphin could be sentenced to one year in prison and fined up to $ 100,000 . The law also makes it a crime to feed dolphins in the wild . The remains of the latest three dolphins were found in Mississippi . A group of bird surveyors discovered an adult dolphin head on the west tip of Horn Island on Friday . On Saturday , someone found the body of a 1-year-old male dolphin on the beach in Gulfport . On Tuesday , another dolphin was found dead in Bay St. Louis ; a teacher at a boarding school saw the animal and reported it . It 's not unusual to see dolphin bodies , or even parts of bodies , wash up . What is unusual is evidence of human interaction as the cause of death , as appeared to be the case in the first seven situations . The first dolphin was found January 8 with a bullet wound on Deer Island , near Biloxi , Mississippi . In June , a bottlenose dolphin was found in Perdido Bay , Florida , near the Florida-Alabama state line , with a screwdriver stuck in its head . In September , one was found on Elmers Island , Louisiana , with a gunshot wound . On October 10 , a dolphin was found on the beach in Dauphin Island , Alabama , with its fluke cut off . The list continues . On November 6 , a dolphin was found dead with numerous cuts near Ocean Springs , Mississippi . Three days later , two more were discovered : another one with bullet wounds near Ocean Springs , and one on Ship Island , a remote barrier island off Biloxi , Mississippi , with its jaw cut off . Authorities are still trying to determine whether a dead dolphin found November 2 , in Bayou Julia , Louisiana , is linked to the other killings . Jeff Radonski , a deputy special agent for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which is leading the investigation , spoke last month about the deaths . "  We need to have witnesses come forward . We need public input and information , " he said .	Two bodies and the head of another dolphin are found in Mississippi Investigators are looking into whether the deaths could to linked to other dolphin killings Roughly half a dozen dolphins have been shot , stabbed or mutilated this year
CNN  -- The storm system behind Monday 's Oklahoma twister brought strong rainstorms to parts of the South on Tuesday evening before heading toward the Great Lakes and the Tennessee Valley . Tornado watches continued for portions of Texas , Oklahoma , Louisiana , Arkansas , Mississippi , Missouri and Tennessee . Those watches were set to expire by 10 p.m. CT Tuesday . What to know about tornadoes The threat of a few strong tornadoes , large hail and thunderstorm wind gusts remained in northeastern Texas , southwestern Arkansas , extreme southeastern Oklahoma and northwestern Louisiana , CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris said . "  The threat for strong tornadoes will rapidly diminish in these areas after sunset , with the main threat becoming damaging straight line winds during the overnight hours , " Morris said . "  Isolated tornadoes will still be possible . " Rainstorms pushed through the Dallas area on Tuesday afternoon . A ground stop at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport was later lifted . Storms are expected to move east on Wednesday and will extend from the Great Lakes south-southwestward into the Ohio River Valley and into the Deep South . Primary threats will be damaging winds and large hail , according to the National Weather Service . Isolated tornadoes also will be possible . Storms were n't restricted to the Great Plains and Midwest . The National Weather Service said weather spotters on Tuesday afternoon reported a possible tornado near Copake , New York , near the Massachusetts border . Track the severe weather Mobile tools to help you survive tornado season 10 deadliest U.S. tornadoes on record	Storm system moving eastward toward Great Lakes , Tennessee Valley Tornadoes possible in parts of Texas , Oklahoma , Arkansas , Louisiana Threat of tornadoes expected to diminish overnight
Johannesburg  CNN  -- South African prosecutors have appealed Oscar Pistorius ' verdict and sentence , hoping to convict him of a more serious charge or make him serve more time in the 2013 shooting death of his girlfriend . The appeal paperwork has been filed , National Prosecuting Authority spokesman Nathi Mncube said Tuesday . A judge sentenced Pistorius to five years in prison on October 21 after finding the double-amputee track star guilty of culpable homicide , or negligent killing , in the death of Reeva Steenkamp . Prosecutors originally took Pistorius to trial on a murder charge . In the appeal documents , the prosecution calls Pistorius ' sentence "  shockingly light " and inappropriate . A court hearing will be held on the matter , but no date has been set . The process could take six months , CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said . Pistorius acknowledged shooting Steenkamp in February 2013 . Prosecutors said he wanted to kill her ; Pistorius said he mistook her for an intruder and her killing was a tragic accident . Prosecutors are arguing that Judge Thokozile Masipa misinterpreted a complex South African standard defining a technical form of intent that proved to be a central aspect of the case , according to Phelps . As a result , prosecutors argue , he should not have been convicted on the culpable homicide charge chosen by the judge . In explaining her sentence , Masipa concluded that Pistorius did not intend to kill Steenkamp . But critics of the verdict have argued that Masipa did n't correctly apply the intent standard , which is broader in South African law than what it typically means in casual conversation , Phelps said . In their appeal of the sentence , prosecutors would have to prove the five years given by Masipa is inappropriate in light of sentencing guidelines and similar cases , according to Phelps . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel called for a minimum sentence of 10 years . If an appeals court finds that the sentence is inappropriate , the court could set it aside and issue a new one . But appeals courts in South Africa are reluctant to get involved in sentencing decisions , Phelps said . Under South African law , Pistorius will have to serve at least one-sixth of his sentence before asking to be placed under correctional supervision . Correctional supervision usually means house arrest . CNN 's Brent Swails reported from Johannesburg . CNN 's Michael Pearson and Jason Hanna reported and wrote in Atlanta .	Verdict can be changed only if a court rules the judge misapplied law , CNN legal analyst says Pistorius was sentenced to five years in prison last month The track star was found guilty of culpable homicide The prosecution says Pistorius ' sentence is "  shockingly light "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Japan women 's national football team will square off against favorites the United States Sunday in their first appearance in a World Cup final . Regardless of the result , Japan 's surprise progress in Germany is a much-needed boost for a country recently devastated by massive tremors and a subsequent tsunami . It is also putting women 's sport in the shop window like never before . "  This is a breath of fresh air , because everything out of Japan has been negative over the last few months , " said Tom Byer , a youth soccer instructor in Japan for over 25 years and former soccer instructor of starter Aya Miyama . "  Now , you turn on every channel and there are big segments about women 's soccer ... it 's huge for women 's sports here . " Can World Cup spark women 's soccer surge ? Known as Nadeshiko -- or beautiful flower in Japanese -- the women 's national team has been the underdog throughout this year 's tournament . They are unlikely to relinquish this role in Sunday 's final in Frankfurt , with a star-studded and battle tested U.S. squad -- which took home the cup in 1991 and 1999 -- standing in their way . But what many people may not know , Byer said , is that the Japanese squad has enjoyed a high level of success on the international scene over the last 20 years . In addition to their fourth-place showing at the 2008 Beijing Olympics , Nadeshiko has appeared in each of the six women 's World Cups since 1991 , and are coming off a recent win at the 2010 Asia Games held in Guangzhou , China . Yet their success has not had a significant impact on the women 's game generally in Japan . "  Women 's soccer is grossly underfunded , " said Byer , who once played in Japan 's professional soccer league . "  It was n't until five or six years ago that the Japanese Football Association  JFA  got together and decided to put more resources behind women 's soccer . " He added that recent success from Japan 's national team has not increased the number of young girls interested in playing organized soccer . There are just 25,000 girls registered to play youth soccer in Japan , a country of more than 125 million people , Byer said . This compares to around 200,000 girls registered with the American Youth Soccer Organization in the U.S. State of California alone . So why are Japanese women enjoying such a successful period ? "  It 's not like New York , where you play soccer from the summertime until Thanksgiving , " Byer said . "  In Japan , you play 365 days a year and you play only one sport . And you train and train until you fall down . " But the culture of sport in Japan is far different that in the U.S. , Byer said . Women 's youth soccer in the U.S. , especially for girls under 12 , is "  purely recreational , " he said . In Japan "  they are already trying to find who can be on the national team at the age of 12 . " Watching the final game ? Send us video of your viewing parties . Unlike the U.S. Women 's Professional Soccer League , Japan 's L. League is non-professional . In fact , many of the league 's players work normal day jobs to pay their bills . "  Aya -LSB- Miyama -RSB- and some of the other players from the team are from Mimasaka , a hot spring town . A lot of those women work in the hot spring resort hotels during the day , after the job they go and train , " said Byer . Andrew McKirdy , a sports writer for the Japan Times , an English language newspaper in Japan , said the success of the women 's national soccer team has reinvigorated a nation plagued by recent tragedy . "  The women take a lot of pride in the fact that everything is staked against them , " he said . "  Looking at Germany and Sweden -- the last two teams they beat -- those teams are among the best in the world ... that is a source of inspiration for the country . " The time difference with Germany has made watching this year 's World Cup difficult for many Japanese fans , and the final match -- broadcast at 3:15 a.m. in Japan -- is no different . Nonetheless , diehard Nadeshiko fans are expected to crowd Tokyo 's sports bars , cheering on their ladies as they reach for history . "  I 'm so happy . I was moved very much that Nadeshiko Japan played such a great game , " one Japanese male fan told CNN , following the team 's semifinals win against Sweden . "  I want Nadeshiko to let us dream again at the final game . " For Byer , a Bronx-native , the outcome of Sunday 's U.S.-Japan final is less important than the buzz Nadeshiko has already generated in Japan about women 's sport . "  It 's going to lift the whole nation if they win the World Cup , " Byer said . "  Even if they do n't , the fact that they got to the final has had a residual effect in Japan ... winning it would just be the icing on the cake . " CNN 's Junko Ogura and Kotoe Oshima contributed to this report .	The Japan women 's national soccer team is also known as Nadeshiko -- or beautiful flower in Japanese Japan is seeking its first women 's World Cup title There are just 25,000 girls registered to play youth soccer in Japan , a country of more than 125 million people
CNN  -- The devastating wall of water that struck Japan in March was the result of at least two waves that combined to create a more powerful tsunami , U.S. scientists said Monday . Ocean ridges and mountain ranges below the surface of the water channeled the waves created by the 9.0 magnitude earthquake off the coast of Japan , bringing them together far out at sea to form a "  merging tsunami , " according to researchers from NASA and Ohio State University . The earthquake and tsunami together killed 15,840 people , according to the most recent death toll , and set off a nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi plant . Satellite data have enabled the researchers to come up with an account of the formation of the tsunami and its destructive force . "  Nobody had definitively observed a merging tsunami until now , " Y. Tony Song , a research scientist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , said in a statement . The results of the research could help predict the risks from tsunamis in the future . "  We can use what we learned to make better forecasts of tsunami danger in specific coastal regions anywhere in the world , " said Professor C.K. Shum of Ohio State University .	Tsunami that struck Japan in March was the result of at least two waves that combined , scientists say Undersea ridges and mountains channeled waves together to create more powerful tsunami Satellite data allowed scientists to observe a "  merging tsunami " for the first time
CNN  The sun cuts across Lake Nicaragua , casting shadows across lush flora and brightly colored boats . Rowing in unison , two girls paddle a canoe to school . Life on Lake Nicaragua is peaceful , rustic and isolated , but this could change with the pending completion of a canal that builders are likening to Panama 's famed waterway . Headed by Hong Kong-based consortium HK Nicaragua Canal Development Investment Company  HKND  , the $ 50 billion Nicaragua Canal  also called the Nicaragua Grand Canal and Interoceanic Canal  would create a gargantuan new shipping route through Nicaragua by connecting the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans . HKND was granted a 50-year concession by the Nicaraguan government in 2013 to build and operate the 278-kilometer  172 miles  canal , reportedly with the option for an extension . Construction will run from the Rio Punta Gorda on the Caribbean Coast to Brito on the Pacific . At up to 1,700 feet wide and 90 feet deep , the canal , if completed , will be deeper and wider than the Panama Canal . HKND announced the start of construction of the canal with a ceremony on December 22 , 2014 . The canal will run through Lake Nicaragua  among other areas  , Central America 's largest lake and freshwater reservoir , which not only preserves an integral part of Nicaragua 's ecosystem , but directly supports numerous communities . By some estimates , 30,000 people will have to be relocated to carve a path for the canal . The prospect is nothing short of alarming for those living in the area , and those who cherish its untouched splendor . With the pending completion of the canal in 2019 , Lake Nicaragua may be impacted in ways only time will reveal . Environmental experts worry that the shallow waters of the lake wo n't be able to withstand the dredging that will come with construction . Additionally , communities will likely be displaced and wetlands may become more vulnerable to destruction . "  In terms of the canal impact on Lake Nicaragua , one big concern is the damage to the quality of the water ; the ship traffic will pollute the water with toxic sediments and industrial chemicals and introduce destructive invasive species , plants and animals , " Dr. Jorge A. Huete-Perez , vice president of the Nicaraguan Academy of Sciences and director of the Molecular Biology Center at the University of Central America told CNN . "  Dredging of the lake for the construction of the canal will render the lake a ` dead zone ' because of hypoxia , eutrophication and turbidity . " In January , London-based scidev.net reported that an independent commission of experts -- including scientists from the InterAmerican Network of Academies of Science , Nicaraguan Academy of Sciences and International Council for Science -- had reached similar conclusions , warning of "  unintended adverse consequences that could do economic , environmental and social harm . " Like other critics of the canal construction , Huete-Perez wants greater transparency from HKND and the Nicaraguan government . "  This whole thing has been fast-tracked without public consultations or the opportunity for an informed , documented debate , " said Huete-Perez . On January 9 , 2015 , HKND responded to concerns about the lake 's impact on communities in a statement on its website . "  From July 21 to July 30 , 2014 , we and our environmental and social impact advisor , Environmental Resources Management  ERM  , held scoping meetings across Nicaragua . Approximately 5,000 people participated in the scoping meetings , including housewives , students , professionals , agricultural producers , fishermen , artisans , businessmen and scholars , " reads the company 's statement , in part . The company says it held a press conference broadcast in real time to the public to announce the route of the canal and comment on the technical , geological , cultural and environmental impact of the project . Some skeptics doubt the hyper-ambitious canal is realistic . Pedro Alvarez , chairman of civil engineering at Rice University , has expressed doubts that it will ever be completed . He worries that it will be abandoned . His greatest concern is severe damage to Lake Nicaragua . Despite the concerns of environmental experts , the project is underway , making a visit to this beautiful area more compelling than ever . Largely unmarred by development , Lake Nicaragua is a sight to behold . During my recent guided visit with Nicaragua Vacations , I took a boat tour through the Islets of Granada , home to 365 scattered islands with majestic views of Mombacho volcano . At times , there was no other boat in sight -- only the rustle of a hidden howler monkey in the bushes and the volcano , ensconced in clouds and morning fog . The feeling of being everywhere and nowhere at once is part of Lake Nicaragua 's charm . Another part of its charm is the people who live on it . At Padre Nello School on Lake Nicaragua , about 90 children canoe to school each day . Jicaro Island EcoLodge works with Padre Nello to bring clean water to the children and educational projects that encourage sustainability on the lake . Guests of the lodge can arrange visits . The islets are just southeast of the city of Granada  population approximately 120,000  , where colonial buildings defy time , narrow alleyways lead to garden courtyards , charming boutiques are full of local art and street carts overflow with everything from iguanas to cashews . While Granada pulses with Old World charm , Lake Nicaragua stands still with nature as its compass , mostly untouched by modernity . For now . Nicaragua Vacations ; +1 8663474012 Jicaro Island Ecolodge , Granada Isleta , Nicaragua ; +50525587652  hotel  , +50525587702  reservations CNN 's Frida Ghitis also contributed to this report . Kristin Braswell is a Brooklyn-based journalist . She 's contributed to Essence , ABC News , NPR and Ebony , among others .	Experts fear proposed canal through Nicaragua could adversely affect Central America 's largest lake Mostly untouched by development , Lake Nicaragua supports indigenous communities and low-level tourism Author recently toured the gorgeous lake and surrounding area
CNN  If you do n't know who Stuart Scott was , those who do will likely point you to one particular speech to share why his death reverberates so strongly across the country . Scott , a veteran anchor on ESPN , died Sunday after a seven-year battle with cancer . He was 49 . He built a career as a sports anchor , but his eloquent observations on his battle with cancer , and the encouragement and motivation to others fighting the disease , made him a role model . Opinion : Why Scott was a game changer "  When you die , that does not mean you lose to cancer , " Scott said in the July speech at the ESPY Awards . "  You beat cancer by how you live , why you live and the manner in which you live . " It is a line that anyone who has lost a loved one to cancer can take comfort in , and one being repeated much on Sunday , following Scott 's death . Scott was accepting the Jimmy V Perseverance Award at the ESPYs , and honored the award 's namesake -- college basketball coach and broadcaster Jim Valvano -- by reflecting on Valvano 's own speech in 1993 . "  I listened to what Jim Valvano said 21 years ago , the most poignant seven words ever uttered in any speech anywhere : ` Do n't give up . Never give up , ' " Scott said . "  I 'm not special ; I just listen to what the man said . I listen to all that he said , everything that he asked of us . " Scott worked for ESPN for 21 years , and is credited with coining catchphrases like "  Boo-yah " and "  as cool as the other side of the pillow . " He was born in Chicago and grew up in North Carolina . His early career took him from Florence , South Carolina , to Raleigh , North Carolina , and later to Orlando . Scott was diagnosed with stomach cancer in 2007 . During that speech , Scott spoke of counting on others for help , and the comfort of family members , even if only to cry with them on the phone . His message was this : "  So live , live . Fight like hell . " In that same speech , Scott made it clear what his priorities were . "  I have one more necessity -- it 's really two , " he said , referring to his daughters . "  The best thing I have ever done , the best thing I will ever do , is be a dad to Taelor and Sydni . It 's true . " Rich Eisen , a sportscaster for NFL Network who was previously Scott 's SportsCenter partner at ESPN , asked for prayers for Scott 's family during an emotional segment Sunday . "  He battled cancer as bravely as anybody else , and I know there many people out there who are battling cancer right now , " Eisen said . "  Stuart would want you to know to keep fighting . " His ESPN colleagues likewise honored him on air . "  Our colleague , our friend , and our inspiration Stuart Scott passed away earlier today , " ESPN 's Hannah Storm said . President Barack Obama said that although his travels often kept him away from his family , Scott and the "  SportsCenter " crew kept him company on his trips . "  Over the years , he entertained us , and in the end , he inspired us -- with courage and love , " Obama said in a statement .	Stuart Scott dies Sunday after a lengthy battle with cancer He was seen as an inspiration by many A speech he gave last year showed his motivation for fighting
CNN  -- More than 4,000 passengers and crew were stuck on a cruise ship since an engine room fire cut power and left the ship listing four days ago . Passengers confirmed uncomfortable conditions aboard the Carnival Triumph , saying urine and feces streamed in the halls and down walls after toilet facilities failed . The smells from waste and spoiling food , as well as a lack of air conditioning , have made it a trip to remember . As the ship was slowly pulled to a dock in Mobile , Alabama , frustrated passengers shared their thoughts and stories on social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and Instagram . You can read their stories below . . If you 're unable to see the Storify page above , please click this link .	As the Triumph headed ashore , passengers shared their frustrations and concerns Passengers and crew lived in squalid conditions since a fire knocked out power Sunday You can read the latest from the cruise ship on CNN 's live blog Know someone who was on the ship ? Share your story with CNN iReport
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Most of the Supreme Court justices piled up a lot frequent flyer miles in 2007 , jetting to such exotic locales as Austria , India and Hawaii , according to financial disclosure reports released Friday . The U.S. Supreme Court justices at a shoot for their 2006 "  class photo . " And they generally have a good bit of spending money for their travels , based on reported investment income . The records , which were released Friday by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts , confirm what has been known for some time : that most of the justices are relatively well-off financially . The eight associate justices make $ 208,100 in annual wages plus income from a variety of resources . Federal judges are not required to publicly release exact income figures , just a general range . The wealthiest justice may be David Souter , with a wise investment he made years ago in a Vermont bank paying off handsomely . His assets in Chittenden Corp. are valued from $ 5 million to $ 25 million . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 's asset totals are boosted by the fact that her husband , Martin , is a respected private tax attorney in Washington . Justices Stephen Breyer , John Paul Stevens and Antonin Scalia are also millionaires . Justice Samuel Alito , the newest member of the high court , also reported income ranging from $ 700,000 to $ 2 million . In the area of reported gifts , Alito cited about $ 500 in "  Italian food and wine " given to him by a friend , about whom the justice helpfully noted it "  is not likely that he will appear before this court . " The latest financial records continue to show Justices Anthony Kennedy and Clarence Thomas reporting assets under $ 1 million , not including homes and judicial salaries . Thomas received a one-time boost to his income when his best-selling memoir was released in October . He received the remaining half of a reported million-dollar book advance and traveled extensively on a book promotion and signing tour . Scalia also received an advance for his book on how to be a better appellate lawyer . The amount was relatively paltry compared to his colleague 's : $ 33,000 . The annual records show that Breyer , Ginsburg , Kennedy and Scalia were the busiest travelers . Each made multiple visits overseas to teach , give speeches or attend judicial seminars . Airfare , lodging and meals were generally paid for by the organizations that invited the justices , but under federal law , they must report it . Europe was a favorite destination for several justices . Breyer reported 21 out-of-town trips for which he was reimbursed , including to Paris , France ; Rome , Italy ; New Delhi , India ; and Palm Springs , California . Ginsburg went overseas to France , Belgium , Ireland and Canada and made at least nine other domestic trips . In the same week in July , Kennedy and Chief Justice Roberts were in France and Austria , respectively . But the Most Traveled Award goes to Scalia , who made 33 expense-paid trips , including eight overseas , and visited at least 17 states . Only Souter and Stevens reported no trips for which they were reimbursed by sponsoring groups . Souter also reported no outside teaching gigs , trustee or board memberships , or any gifts received . The 68-year-old bachelor generally spends his extended time away from the high court at his isolated farm in rural New Hampshire . Chief Justice John Roberts may have the most diverse investment portfolio . He recorded 63 investments and trusts , including stock in Time Warner  parent company of CNN  , Citicorp , Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard . The estimated value is from about $ 2.4 million to more than $ 6 million . Before becoming a federal judge , Roberts was a high-paid Washington lawyer . His judicial salary is $ 217,400 . Roberts , 53 , continued to sell off small amounts of common stock , including in Cisco and Citigroup . When he took over as chief justice in 2005 , he was forced to sell stock in several companies . A bill passed two years ago in Congress allows federal judges to defer paying capital gains taxes on securities they sell to avoid conflicts of interest . High-level executive branch employees had enjoyed that privilege for years . The issue of judges holding such diverse investment portfolios has resulted in several conflicts of interest , prompting calls for reform . The high court last month refused to accept an appeal from a group of South Africans seeking to sue U.S. and foreign firms for allegedly helping keep the white-led apartheid government of their country in power for decades . Four members of the high court were forced to remove themselves from consideration of the cases . No reason was given for their recusal , but financial disclosure reports showed that Roberts , along with Breyer and Alito , owns stock in several of the companies being sued . Kennedy 's son Gregory is a top manager in one , investment bank Credit Suisse . Under federal rules , at least six justices must hear a case that is accepted for review . With four of the nine recused , the high court had no choice but to uphold the lower court ruling , tossing out the lawsuit . Some reform advocates say that judges should be allowed to own only mutual funds instead of individual stocks . Mutual funds involve a range of investments whose identities are disclosed to the fund 's shareholders several times each year . Federal law allows judges to own mutual funds without having to recuse themselves from a particular appeal .	Reports show David Souter may be the wealthiest member of Supreme Court Samuel Alito , the busiest traveler , made 33 expense-paid trips in 2007 Chief Justice John Roberts recorded 63 investments and trusts
CNN  -- Flying fashionistas with a thing for the Second Amendment may want to leave their gun-themed purses and other paraphernalia at home , lest they be flagged as a security risk and miss their flights . As she was flying home after the recent holiday weekend , Virginia Gibbs ' gun-themed purse was flagged as a security risk by Transportation Security Administration officials at the Norfolk , Virginia , airport . While Gibbs told CNN affiliate News 4 JAX that she 's carried the purse on many flights , the 17-year-old says she was told that the purse "  was a federal offense because it 's in the shape of a gun . I 'm like , ' a design on a purse . How is it a federal offense ? ' " Purses or belts with gun emblems can fall under a TSA prohibition on replica weapons because they could be mistaken for a real weapon in the X-ray machine or by a fellow passenger . "  Security checkpoints may be impacted or closed because replica weapons like toy guns , novelty grenades , fake bombs and other items appear similar to the real thing when viewed through an X-ray machine , " TSA spokesman Greg Soule said . "  Checkpoint closures cause significant delays , which can be avoided if passengers do n't bring these items to the airport . " By the time TSA officials figured out that the purse was a fake , offering Gibbs the opportunity to give up the purse or check it , Gibbs had missed her flight and was placed on another to Orlando . Her frantic mother drove from Jacksonville to Orlando to pick her daughter up . Gibbs arrived at security 20 minutes before her flight was due to depart , which may have caused her to miss her flight , according to a security official . The TSA says it 's investigating her allegation that the purse has made it through airport security before .	Teen 's gun-themed purse gets flagged by TSA Apparel featuring gun replicas may fall on prohibited items list "  A design on a purse . How is that a federal offense ? " teen asks
Oak Creek , Wisconsin  CNN  -- As community members sought emotional healing in the wake of the shooting spree at a religious service , police said Tuesday they had not identified a motive or found any telltale writings or note left by the gunman . Oak Creek Police Chief John Edwards also said family members of Wade Michael Page , 40 , have not reported observing any warning signs . Page , an Army veteran who neighbors say played in a far-right punk band , was the lone gunman in the Sunday rampage at a Sikh temple , Edwards said . Page was shot to death by police responding to the attack . According to Edwards and the FBI , authorities have received tips that Page might have links to the white supremacist movement , but nothing had been confirmed . "  We may end up with just a lot of facts on what he is involved with , who he may be associated with , but we may never know that motive , because he died , and that motive died with him , " Edwards told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " The chief also said , counter to speculation , Page did not have a 9/11 tattoo . While the FBI has said Page never was the subject of an investigation , he was mentioned in a small number of federal law enforcement reference files in cases going back seven years , a law enforcement official told CNN on Tuesday . The official said there is no information to suggest that investigators wanted to open a case on Page , but did not have the evidence to justify it . While Page might have been sympathetic to a certain ideology , there was no evidence he had committed a federal crime prior to the Wisconsin shooting , the official said . The official did not provide details about the nature of the cases in which Page 's name was mentioned . For a third consecutive night , mourners and supporters held a vigil Tuesday night to remember the six victims , pray for the wounded and grapple with grief and shock . People lit candles in an Oak Creek park and stood together in solidarity . Remembering the victims Tales of heroism , putting others first The Sikh American community called for a national moment of silence on Sunday . A posting on the Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund 's website asked for observances at churches , mosques , synagogues and other places of worship . It said the community hopes such a gesture "  will send the message of blessings for all , and that we stand united against hate and intolerance and as part of a common humanity . " Bernard Zapor -- the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives special agent in the investigation -- said Monday that the 9mm semiautomatic handgun with multiple ammunition magazines used by the attacker had been legally purchased . Page bought the gun on July 28 at the Shooters Shop in West Allis , Wisconsin , and picked it up two days later . The shooter bought ammunition there and used the shop 's range . Shop manager Eric Grabowski and owner Kevin Nugent told CNN Tuesday that surveillance video of Page buying the gun and using it in the range two days later has been turned over to investigators . The suspect did not exhibit unusual behavior while in the store , Grabowski said . The magazine for the handgun holds at least 17 bullets . Explainer : Who are Sikhs ? According to a man who described himself as Page 's old Army buddy , the attacker talked about "  racial holy war " when they served together in the 1990s . Christopher Robillard of Oregon , who said he lost contact with Page more than a decade ago , added that when Page would rant , "  it would be about mostly any non-white person . " Page , born on Veterans Day in 1971 , joined the Army in 1992 and left the service in 1998 , according to Army spokesman George Wright . Page 's service was marked by "  patterns of misconduct " and he received a general discharge due to "  discreditable incidents , " according to a Pentagon official . Robillard said Page was pushed out for showing up to formation drunk . John Tew , manager of a Harley-Davidson motorcyle store in Fayetteville , North Carolina , told CNN he fired Page from his parts coordinator job in 2004 because Page "  had a big problem with authority " and with working with women . Tew said he found an application for the Ku Klux Klan on Page 's desk the day he was dismissed . A University of Nebraska at Omaha professor told CNN 's "  AC360 " on Tuesday evening that he knew Page while doing research on extremist groups about 10 years ago . Page told him he started identifying with neo-Nazis during his time in the military , Pete Simi said . The former soldier told him he believed the deck was stacked against whites , Simi said , adding he believed Page drank excessively . Two neighbors of Page identified him in photos that showed him playing in the far-right punk band "  End Apathy " with Nazi flags hanging near him . The gunman 's former stepmother spoke of a very different Wade Page she once knew before losing touch with him more than a decade ago , when she and Page 's father divorced . "  It 's like I do n't even know that person , " Laura Page said of more recent photos of Page . "  It is not someone I ever could possibly know or be associated with . " She told CNN that the Page she knew was gentle and loving and had black and Hispanic friends . Sikh community continues to blend in , stand out Sunday 's attack in Oak Creek occurred 16 days after a gunman killed 12 people and wounded scores at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado . The six victims of Sunday 's attack were identified by police as five men -- Sita Singh , 41 ; Ranjit Singh , 49 ; temple president Satwant Singh Kaleka , 65 ; Prakash Singh , 39 , and Suveg Singh , 84 -- and one woman , 41-year-old Paramjit Kaur . A wake and visitation are scheduled for Friday morning . The wounded police officer , identified as 51-year-old Lt. Brian Murphy , also was in critical condition after suffering nine gunshot wounds , the police chief said , and had a "  promising , " but long , recovery ahead . A Sikh human rights group said it would give Murphy a $ 10,000 reward . Sunday 's attack occurred about 10:30 a.m. , when temple members were reading scriptures and cooking food in preparation for the main Sunday service and community lunch . According to witnesses , the gunman started shooting in the parking lot , killing at least one person . He then entered the temple and continued firing , they said . Oak Creek Mayor Stephen Scaffidi said that he spoke with Aurora 's mayor to get some advice on how to cope with the tragedy . "  He gave me some pointers and some suggestions on how to not only deal with the immediate , but how we deal with the next few weeks , " Scaffidi said , pointing out that the Colorado town was in its third week of coping . "  We 're not going to let this define us ; we 'll never let it define us , " Scaffidi said . "  There are a lot of great people here , and we 're not going to let this get in the way . " Six people were killed in a shooting rampage . Share your thoughts and remembrances . CNN 's Brian Todd , Carol Cratty , Mike Mount , Ed Payne , Scott Bronstein , Ted Rowlands , Tom Cohen , Shawn Nottingham , Susan Candiotti , Deborah Feyerick , Phil Gast and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : Prayer vigil held in Oak Creek Wade Michael Page was not subject of FBI probe , law enforcement official says Police have n't found any message , writings left by Page Researcher says Page told him about identifying with neo-Nazis
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. military will continue to use cluster bombs but will try to reduce the number of civilian casualties by redesigning them so there are fewer ordnances that detonate long after the weapon is fired , officials said Wednesday . Parts of a cluster bomb can explode on the ground long after the bomb is fired . The new policy requires that by 2018 the United States use only a new style of cluster bomb -- one with a 99 percent detonation rate for the hundreds of bomblets released from each of the scatter-style weapons . A cluster bomb , when dropped from an aircraft or missile , releases hundreds of smaller explosives each the size of a grenade . When the bomblets detonate , they send shrapnel over an area about the size of a football field . A number of the bomblets have remained undetonated until handled or stepped on by civilians -- often children . In 2006 , the top United Nations aid official called Israel 's use of cluster bombs in the last three days of that summer 's war with Hezbollah "  immoral . " The U.N. said that 100,000 deadly bomblets dropped in 2006 were still lying unexploded across areas of southern Lebanon , where they are maiming and killing people . Under the new U.S. policy , cluster bombs in its arsenal will be destroyed if they do n't meet the 99 percent requirement . In addition , the Department of Defense will begin disposing of excess cluster bombs in its inventory "  as soon as possible , " according to a Pentagon statement released Wednesday . The policy change comes as international pressure builds for a ban on cluster bombs . The United Kingdom in May joined more than 100 other countries in signing an international treaty that would ban cluster munitions and require that stockpiles be destroyed within eight years . The treaty is expected to be ratified at the end of the year in Oslo , Norway . The United States , Russia , Pakistan , Israel , China and India , all makers of cluster bombs , boycotted the May talks . Pentagon officials have said cluster bombs save the lives of U.S. troops and have a legitimate role in its arsenal . "  They provide distinct advantages against a range of targets , where their use reduces risks to U.S. forces and can save U.S. lives , " according to a Pentagon statement . Dud rates , the number of bomblets that fail to explode , can range from 3 to 16 percent , according to military watchdog groups . Sen. Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat who opposes cluster munitions , in June sponsored a joint resolution calling on the Bush administration to sign the Convention on Cluster Munitions treaty . "  The Pentagon continues to insist that cluster munitions are necessary , but the country with the world 's most powerful military should not be on the sidelines while others are trying to protect the lives and limbs of civilians in war , " Leahy said at the time .	By 2018 , the United States will use only a new style of cluster bomb New bomb will have a 99 percent detonation rate for the hundreds of bomblets Cluster bombs can release many duds that often hurt unsuspecting civilians
CNN  -- Children ca n't light up , but there are some who suffer the effects of nicotine exposure as they labor in U.S. tobacco fields . There is not an exact figure for how many children work in America 's tobacco fields , but Human Rights Watch interviewed nearly 150 for a new report on the dangers these workers face . "  I would barely eat anything because I would n't get hungry , " one child worker , Elena G. , 13 , told the human rights group . "  Sometimes I felt like I needed to throw up . ... I felt like I was going to faint . I would stop and just hold myself up with the tobacco plant . " Nearly 75 % of the children interviewed reported similar symptoms -- nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , headaches , dizziness , irritation and difficulty breathing . These are symptoms of acute nicotine poisoning , Human Rights Watch said . And nicotine is not the only danger . Exposure to pesticides from adjacent fields and accidents with sharp tools are also common , the report said . "  Once they sprayed where we were working . We were cutting the flower and the spray was right next to us in the part of the fields we had just finished working in . I could n't breathe , " Jocelyn R. , 17 , told HRW . "  I started sneezing a lot . The chemicals would come over to us . " Altria , one of the biggest cigarette makers , does not employ its own farmers but maintains strict standards on the contractors it buys tobacco from , company spokesman Jeff Caldwell said . His company 's view is not that the HRW report is critical of the tobacco industry , but that it asks for cooperation with various interests to protect the safety of workers , especially minors , he said . "  Our tobacco companies do not condone the unlawful employment or exploitation of farm workers , especially those under the age of 18 , " Caldwell said . Altria requires that its growers follow certain guidelines that specifically include best practices for labor management when it comes to harvesting tobacco . Issues such as avoiding acute nicotine poisoning and heat stress are addressed in the guidelines , he said . U.S. tobacco companies intend to work together to further discuss the topics in the report , he said . The study focused on four tobacco-growing states : North Carolina , Kentucky , Tennessee and Virginia . Children can legally work in the tobacco fields , and some as young as 11 and 12 years old do . These children primarily work during the summer to help support their families . The majority of them were Hispanic children of immigrants who lived in nearby towns , the report said . "  As the school year ends , children are heading into the tobacco fields , where they ca n't avoid being exposed to dangerous nicotine , without smoking a single cigarette , " Margaret Wurth , a co-author of the report , said in a news release . "  It 's no surprise the children exposed to poisons in the tobacco fields are getting sick . " Many of the children the group spoke with reported working long hours without overtime pay or enough breaks , HRW said . One of the recommendations of the report is that no one under 18 be allowed to work in tobacco fields , due to the risks that such exposure can bring . Photos : The tobacco farm -- where America 's story started In 2009 : Child tobacco farmers ` exposed to toxic levels of nicotine '	Human Rights Watch releases report on child labor in tobacco fields The workers are too young to smoke , but they work in the fields Many suffer the negative effects of nicotine exposure
CNN  Luis Figo has entered the race to become FIFA president determined to change an organization he describes as all too often associated with "  scandal . " The former Real Madrid and Barcelona star revealed his intention to run against Sepp Blatter in an exclusive interview with CNN Wednesday . The 42-year-old is renowned the world over after a distinguished 20-year playing career and arguably counts as the most credible threat yet to Blatter 's 17-year stranglehold on soccer 's top job . Figo was twice voted world player of the year and represented Portugal 127 times , featuring at the World Cup in 2002 and 2006 , as well as playing in three European Championships . "  I care about football , so what I 'm seeing regarding the image of FIFA -- not only now but in the past years -- I do n't like it , " he told Alex Thomas in Madrid . "  If you search FIFA on the internet you see the first word that comes out : scandal -- not positive words . It 's that we have to change first and try to improve the image of FIFA . Football deserves much better than this . "  I 've been talking with so many important people in football -- players , managers , president of federations -- and they all think that something has to be done . "  Last year was the World Cup , I was in Brazil and I saw the reaction of all the fans regarding the image of FIFA and I think something has to be changed . "  Change in leadership , governance , transparency and solidarity , so I think it 's the moment for that . " Figo joins former Paris Saint-Germain star David Ginola , independent candidate Jerome Champagne , Asian Football Confederation vice-president Prince Ali and Michael van Praag , the head of Dutch football , in the running to become president . The deadline for nominations is Thursday and Figo confirmed to CNN he has secured backing from the five FIFA member associations required to get his name onto the ballot paper for May 's election , though he did not name them . His work for Inter Milan and the Portuguese national team also means he satisfies FIFA 's rule that states all candidates must have played an active role in association football for two of the five years . He has also been working on UEFA 's Football Committee . Figo said the furore over a key report that looked at the bidding process for the 2018 World Cup , awarded to Russia , and the 2022 installment , given to Qatar , had convinced him to stand against Blatter . Soccer 's governing body enlisted U.S. lawyer Michael Garcia to probe claims that former FIFA member Mohamed Bin Hammam used a multi-million dollar slush fund to buy support for the bid , charges he and Qatar have strenuously denied . Garcia quit his role as chairman of the Investigatory Chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee after the organization decided not to publish his report , instead releasing a summary by German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert -- its independent ethics adjudicator . "  After that report was not published I think that was the moment of change and the moment I thought that something had to be done , " Figo explained . "  If you are transparent and if you ask for an investigation , a report , which you have nothing to hide , why do n't you make public that report ? If you have nothing to hide about that , you have to do it . " -LSB- Publishing the report -RSB- is the easy thing to do if all the people is doubting what happened . If it came from FIFA to order that report and after that you do n't publish , it is not a good decision . " Figo might have the name and the credentials but toppling Blatter could prove his toughest challenge yet . FIFA 's president had repeatedly said his current term would be his last but had a rethink at the FIFA congress in June last year -- despite the increasingly turbulent nature of his tenure . The 78-year-old 's U-turn drew criticism from a number of federations but his power within the organization was underlined recently when the Asian Football Confederation confirmed its intention to support him even after its own vice-president , Prince Ali , declared his candidacy . But Figo maintains he is unfazed by the scale of his task : "  I think no one is untouchable in this life , " he said . "  If you think like that you are wrong . "  Of course -LSB- Blatter -RSB- is a person that is running the organization for so long , since 1998 , and a lot of people can be the favorite but I can say for me it is a fantastic challenge to try and convince the people to follow me and support me . "  I have so many examples in football ; you can play against the strongest team or you can play against the weakest team and you never know who will win . "  Sometimes you think you will lose and you win , sometimes you think you will win and you lose . That is the beauty of sport . That is the beauty of this running too . It is not easy but you have to believe . " Figo 's bid drew immediate support from Chelsea manager and fellow Portuguese Jose Mourinho , who said : "  Figo 's candidacy is a great step forward for football . "  His career over many years grants a better future for FIFA . He will be a president focused on football and its general improvement , acting closely with all federations . "	Luis Figo exclusively reveals to CNN he wants to become FIFA president The 42-year-old declares intention to challenge Sepp Blatter in May elections Former Real Madrid star says : "  Football deserves much better than this . " Handling of the Garcia report convinced Portugal 's most capped star to run
CNN  -- A day after Russian lawmakers approved a request from President Vladimir Putin to send military forces across their southern border into Ukraine and ordered forces there to hand over their weapons , leaders in capitals across the West were sharpening their pencils in hopes that the language of diplomacy could dull the tensions and restore the status quo . Ukraine Some of the most impassioned speech came from Ukraine 's acting Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk . "  This is a red alert . This is not a threat . This is actually a declaration of war to my country , " he told Rada TV . "  And we urge President Putin to pull back his military and stick to the international obligations and bilateral and multilateral agreements that were signed between Ukraine and Russia . "  If President Putin wants to be the president who started the war between two neighboring and friendly countries , between Ukraine and Russia , so he has reached this target within inches . We are on the brink of the disaster . There is no reason for the Russian Federation to invade Ukraine . And we believe that our Western partners and the entire global community will support the territorial integrity and unity of Ukraine and will do everything we can to stop the military conflict provoked by the Russian Federation in Europe . " Support he got -- as statements from world leaders quickly clogged reporters ' inboxes . But they offered few specifics about how they might twist Putin 's arm if he did not heed their warnings . Ukraine mobilizes troops after Russia 's ` declaration of war ' Britain "  We have to recognize the sovereignty and the territorial integrity of Ukraine has been violated and this can not be the way to conduct international affairs , " said William Hague , Britain 's foreign secretary , before boarding a plane Sunday from London to the Ukrainian capital , Kiev . Hague said Britain will join other countries in pulling out of preparatory talks for the next G8 summit of industrialized nations , which is to be held in Sochi , Russia , in June , "  and then we will keep our approach to further G8 meetings under review . " Future decisions "  will depend on what happens over the coming days . " He predicted that Russia will see "  the very strong concerns around the world by many , many nations " and called on both sides to avoid conflict . Hague expressed confidence that the international response could have an impact . "  It will be a very united diplomatic response -- and not just from the Western world but , I think , from many other countries in the world , and that is something that Russia will have to think hard about , " he said . Canada In a statement on Saturday , Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper condemned the military intervention as "  a clear violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity " and in violation of Russia 's obligations under international law . In addition to suspending its engagement in preparations for the G8 summit , Canada recalled its ambassador from Moscow for consultations . Canada supports the deployment to Ukraine of international monitors from the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , Harper said . "  Should President Putin continue on this course of action , it will lead to ongoing negative consequences for our bilateral relationship . " But again , few specifics . A strange scene , and somewhat polite standoff in Crimea The Vatican During his Sunday address to thousands of worshippers in St. Peter 's Square , Pope Francis chose not to judge , saying only that he hoped for dialogue and understanding in lieu of other options . "  I hope that all of the country 's parties will endeavor to overcome misunderstandings and to build together the future of the nation . I make a concerned appeal to the international community to support any initiative in favor of dialogue and understanding . " NATO A two-hour flight north of Rome , in Belgium , NATO did not hesitate to lay the blame at the feet of the Russians . "  We condemn Russia 's military escalation in Crimea , " Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters , reading from a NATO statement . "  Military action against Ukraine by forces of the Russian Federation is a breach of international law , it contravenes the principles of the NATO-Russia Council and the Partnership for Peace . "  Russia must respect its obligations under the United Nations charter and the spirit and principles of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , on which peace and stability in Europe rests . " He called on Russia to withdraw its forces to its bases and urged both parties to seek a resolution through dialogue , "  through the dispatch of international observers " under the auspices of the U.N. Security Council or the OSCE . He did not elaborate on what the consequences might be if Russia does not comply . Germany German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said the world was on "  a dangerous path , " but that "  a new division of Europe can still be prevented . " In a statement , he called on all those responsible to "  desist to take further steps that can only be understood as a provocation . Anything else would lead to an escalation of uncertain , possibly dramatic consequences and could make many years of constructive cooperation for a more secure Europe naught . "  Russia has no right to use its military beyond the rules of the lease on the Russian Black Sea Fleet on Ukrainian territory . " Then , in a nod to Putin 's assertion that his forces were trying to protect Russians in Ukraine , he added , "  We are committed to ensuring that the new political leadership in Kiev protects the rights and interests of all Ukrainians . This includes in particular an unequivocal protection of the rights of minorities , including the use of languages . " France A spokeswoman for French President Francois Hollande said Paris too had suspended its participation in preparatory talks for the G8 summit . Hollande spoke with Putin and "  asked him to avoid any use of force and to seek a solution to the crisis with the international community . " Russia Moscow 's take on the conversation differed . "  At the request of Francois Hollande , Vladimir Putin shared his assessment of the situation in Ukraine , stressing that there exists a real threat to the lives of Russian citizens and our compatriots , " the Kremlin website said . "  The two presidents exchanged views on possible ways of resolving the situation in Ukraine and agreed to continue contacts . " Opinion : How Putin carries out power grab	"  This is actually a declaration of war , " acting PM Yatsenyuk says Few specifics about what might happen if Putin fails to accede to Western wishes "  That is something that Russia will have to think hard about , " says Hague
New York  CNN  -- Nine Septembers have come and gone and yet , the many days that separate America now from a chilling day in its history did not dull remembrance Saturday . Once again , the nation paused in silence to mark the times when hijacked jets crashed into the World Trade Center , the Pentagon and a field in Shanksville , Pennsylvania , and nearly 3,000 lives were lost in a matter of minutes . But this year , a national debate over a proposed Islamic center near ground zero hovered over the day 's heart-stopping sorrow , and the president once again pleaded for the tolerance that has come to define America . Rallies in favor of and against the center were held later in the day . At Manhattan 's Zuccotti Park , adjacent to the September 11 memorial site , thousands gathered , wanting to be as close as they could to hallowed ground . As has become customary , the names of the 2,752 who perished at the World Trade Center were read out aloud -- each belonging to a mother or father , son or daughter , husband or wife , a friend , or even a stranger . "  We have returned to this sacred site to join our hearts together with the names of those we loved and lost , " said New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg at the start of the ceremony . "  No other public tragedy has cut our city so deeply , " he said . "  No other place is as filled with our compassion , our love , and our solidarity . " Silence befell New York at 8:46 a.m. , the time when the first plane struck the North Tower . Another moment of quiet followed a few minutes later , at 9:03 a.m. , when a second jet pierced through the South Tower . Shortly after the second moment of silence , Vice President Joe Biden read a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . "  Build today , then strong and sure with a firm and ample base ; and ascending and secure shall tomorrow find its place . " With each toll of the bell , an emotional chord struck hearts . Family members stepped forward to talk about those who were lost . And with each word , hot tears rolled down cheeks . A woman remembered her mother , Larissa Ceylon Taylor . "  Although I was 11 years old when you passed , you were my best friend and the greatest mom . We all love you and we miss you . God bless you , Mom . I love you . " Another spoke of her sister , Deborah Ann Dimartino . "  We will hold you close to our hearts . " And a brother , Christopher Epps , who was a Star Wars fan . "  Christopher , so handsome and , oh , so fine . With a heart of gold , why , oh why did you have to leave us behind ? And I said to myself , I know why . God was looking for a captain of a ship , someone who qualifies as a jedi . So go on , dear brother , do n't be shy . Your ship awaits you with 2,000 and more to stand by your side , to travel with you on your journey into the sky . May the force be with you , Christopher Epps . We love you and you are embedded in our hearts forever . " In his weekly address , President Barack Obama highlighted the scope of America 's loss . "  We think about the milestones that have passed over the course of nine years -- births and christenings , weddings and graduations -- all with an empty chair , " he said . "  On this day , we also honor those who died so that others might live : the firefighters and first responders who climbed the stairs of two burning towers ; the passengers who stormed a cockpit ; and the men and women who have , in the years since , borne the uniform of this country and given their lives so that our children could grow up in a safer world , " Obama said . Later , Obama laid a wreath at the Pentagon , where American Airlines Flight 77 struck and killed 184 people , and sounded again a message of tolerance , keenly aware that this anniversary was cast under a different light . Beyond the outpouring of grief on this day lay rising anti-Muslim sentiment and furious controversy over a proposed Islamic center two blocks away from where the World Trade Center once soared . It 's an issue that has even split the families and survivors of the 2001 attacks . New York police beefed up security as Americans voiced their opinions Saturday afternoon at rallies over the site . Speakers in favor of the location reminded the nation that Muslims , too , were among the victims of the September 11 attacks and that anti-Islamic sentiment in America is the result of misguided wrath . "  Unity yes , racism no , " the demonstrators chanted . Shortly afterward , opponents held their own gathering , chanting "  No Mosque " and "  USA " as speakers decried the plans and said the nation should n't forget the terrorist attack on September 11 . Attorney General Eric Holder vowed the Justice Department would continue "  working tirelessly to combat terrorism in all its forms and to hold accountable all those responsible for the September 11 attacks in a manner that is consistent with our nation 's values . " Holder spoke Saturday at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington . He paid tribute to the 72 law enforcement officers killed that day . "  This work goes on , and it will always remain my highest priority , " Holder said . "  Let us take their dream of a world that is better , safer and more just and make it our own . " Obama reiterated that America is not at war with Islam but with al Qaeda 's "  sorry band of men which perverts religion . " "  They may wish to drive us apart but we will not give in to their hatred and prejudice , " he said . "  The perpetrators of this evil act did n't simply attack America , they attacked the very idea of America itself . "  And so the highest honor we can pay those we lost , indeed our greatest weapon in this ongoing war , is to do what our adversaries fear the most -- to stay true to who we are as Americans , to renew our sense of common purpose , to say that we define the character of our country and we will not let the acts of some small band of murderers who slaughter the innocent and cower in caves distort who we are , " he said . Fueling further controversy , a Florida pastor had threatened to burn a Quran on this fateful day . But just before the ceremonies began , the Rev. Terry Jones said he was canceling the Quran burning planned for 6 p.m. "  We will definitely not burn the Quran , " Rev. Terry Jones told NBC 's "  Today " on Saturday . "  Not today , not ever . " In Shanksville , first lady Michelle Obama and former first lady Laura Bush led the commemoration for the victims of Flight 93 , which crashed and burned as passengers and crew fought hijackers determined to strike the U.S. Capitol . "  I come here as an American , filled with a sense of awe at the heroism of my fellow citizens , " Michelle Obama said . "  I come as a wife , a daughter , and a sister , heartbroken at the loss so many of you have endured . " Laura Bush said the hijackers of United Flight 93 had other targets in mind , but the crash spot near Shanksville "  was chosen by the passengers , who spared our country from even greater horrors . " Before his wife 's comments , George W. Bush issued a statement recalling the day that came to shape his presidency . "  On September 11 , 2001 , Americans awoke to evil on our shores , " he said . "  We recall the many acts of heroism on that day , and we honor those who work tirelessly to prevent another attack . " In New York , the ninth September 11 anniversary was also different in another way : for the first time people gathered amid signs of rebirth rising from the ashes . Next year , on this day , a new memorial is expected to open and on Saturday , the families of those who died were able to see some tangible progress of the structures that are being erected to honor their loved ones . The planned memorial includes six skyscrapers , a museum , two waterfalls in the footprints of the twin towers , a performance center and a rail terminal . The first 16 oak trees of more than 400 that will line the memorial have already been planted . They will surround the acre-size waterfalls around which will be the names of the dead , etched in bronze . Earlier this week , workers installed two 50-ton steel columns that once ringed the north tower at what will be the entrance to the memorial and museum . And there is a reflecting pool , around which police , firefighters and dignitaries gathered , and later throngs of people stopped to toss a solitary long-stemmed rose . By the time the ceremonies came to a close Saturday , it had turned into to a plush blanket of bloom . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Naima Pettigrew contributed to this report .	NEW : War on terrorism will continue , attorney general says Rallies held in favor of , against Islamic center near ground zero Americans mark the times when the planes crashed with solemn silence At the Pentagon ceremony , Obama makes a plea for religious tolerance
CNN  -- Which president do you want running your country ? The one that argues that he knew nothing about the spy programs targeting American allies , which have put America 's relations with our closest friends in their most precarious state since the Iraq War ? Or the one that approved such programs , knew about them all along , and is simply lying about what he knew ? Which Congress do you want providing oversight for such programs ? The one that is now calling for massive investigations into America 's out-of-control global surveillance apparatus ? Or the one that failed to provide oversight when it was needed ? What kind of leaders do you want representing you in government ? The ones that shrug off gathering data from tens of millions of people in the U.S. , France , Spain , Brazil and other countries worldwide as "  spy business as usual , " but only get really spun up when the surveillance scandal seems to touch other world leaders ? Or the ones still saying the threats posed by several thousand bad guys worldwide are grave enough to compromise the most fundamental rights of hundreds of millions of people worldwide , jeopardize our alliances , and potentially trigger a backlash against U.S. technology companies ? The practice can also give other governments an excuse to limit Internet freedoms and spy more on their own people . Take your choice . Because right now , America 's leaders are offering themselves up on both sides of these divides . While the president tells the world he did n't know what spy programs he oversaw  and while his top aides are trying to placate governments with the same hard-to-believe stories  , news organizations from Germany 's Bild to the Los Angeles Times are running stories that , like logic , suggest otherwise . Hint : You know you are in a crisis when a president known to be a control freak -- who is allergic to delegating responsibility and has alienated many in his own government by his reliance on a small coterie of close aides -- starts arguing he had no idea what his government was doing . That might be credible , or tolerable , when it comes to IRS snooping on conservative groups or how the tech work was handled on the rollout of a health care website . But when it comes to the vitally important , hugely sensitive business of managing America 's intelligence programs , such "  ignorance " beggars the imagination . The White House 's defense strategy is to embrace incompetence rather than take responsibility for errors of judgment on its watch . It is an approach this adminstration has used surprisingly frequently , most recently when President Obama responded to Obamacare 's Glitchgate controversy by saying it frustrated him more than anyone , as though he were another victim rather than chief executive . Whether or not he knew or should have known  and his failure to communicate with his Cabinet is a clear contributor to these problems  , it sure is n't the kind of response you expect of a leader . Better would be : "  It 's a screw-up . It happened on my watch . I 'll make sure it gets fixed . " It is also fine to note that some of the controversial surveillance programs began during the Bush administration . But all have continued now for five years during Obama 's tenure , and some , like PRISM , have been expanded . Each year those programs were budgeted by the White House , overseen by White House appointees , reported to the White House , fed intelligence up to Obama 's daily briefing and into the reports received by his top national security officials . And before the political knife-fighters on Capitol Hill start thinking this is open season on a wounded president who is clearly not going to have any awards for his management skills to sit alongside his Nobel Prize , let 's look at them : They have failed just as grievously . Indeed many in Congress have been responsible for the atmosphere of pervasive fear in the country that has made the last decade a period of laws and actions -- from the Patriot Act to ill-considered foreign wars to "  spygate " -- that will be seen by history as a dark chapter in American history . It will be viewed as the moment we responded to a limited threat with so much panic that our best values and judgment were jettisoned . Perhaps , thanks to the revelations that have come from the Edward Snowden leaks  and let 's be clear , Mr. President -- if Snowden knew , you should have too  , we will initiate the kind of rules and oversight to avoid a coming era of basic rights diluted and the morphing of Big Data into Big Brother . This is not just a job of reforms that the President and Congress will have to orchestrate together here in the U.S. To restore our most important relationships and advance the U.S. ideal of a world guided by international law , America must cooperate on initiatives that set standards both for how we ensure the sovereignty of our allies and for how we protect the privacy and freedoms of all people worldwide . Spying will not and should not end . We must protect ourselves . But we must also remember that this requires vigilance about external threats -- and the ones that come from within our own system . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Do we want president aware of spying or one who lies about ignorance ? He asks : Do we want Congress that provides oversight , or one "  outraged " when it fails to ? He says U.S. has jeopardized ally relations , given cover to regimes who curb Internet , spy Rothkopf : Spying happens , but U.S. should work with allies to guard global privacy
Mashable  -- The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD  has teamed up with Facebook to reduce the amount of hate speech and anti-gay bullying that goes on around the internet . Members of the gay community reached out to GLAAD recently when a Facebook page created to remember the victims of anti-gay bullying who had committed suicide was flooded with hateful , violent and derogatory remarks and images . Fortunately , GLAAD was able to work with Facebook to remove the content , and this organization 's work with Facebook has just begun . Recently , tragic events that included the use of technology to shame and harass a college student , Tyler Clementi , because of his sexual preference led to Clementi 's suicide . And this sad news came just a couple weeks after 15-year-old Billy Lucas committed suicide after being tormented by other young people about his sexuality . Since then , celebrities , organizations and social media users have taken to the web to spread words of encouragement and discourage bullying behavior . Columnist Dan Savage launched a YouTube channel , "  It Gets Better , " and many celebrities have spoken out on YouTube about LGBT issues and teen bullying . MTV Networks even rolled out an iPhone app to help combat bullying . Still , the largest online destination for many beleaguered gay teens and young adults is Facebook -- ironically , one of the platforms where hate speech , though prohibited , is unfortunately still carried out . Today , Facebook announced that they 're making new efforts to respond quickly when hateful speech violates the terms of service and needs to be removed . And this is n't just routine TOS policing , either . Facebook Public Policy Communications Manager Andrew Noyes wrote in an email today that Facebook "  intends to work closely with GLAAD and other LGBT organizations on future initiatives . " Stay tuned for more information on how exactly the social network plans to support LGBT teens and the larger gay community .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	GLAAD teams up with Facebook to reduce hate speech on internet After recent tragic events , celebs and organizations have taken to web to fight bullying MTV Networks even rolled out an iPhone app to help combat bullying
CNN  -- Her ankles bound , her mouth covered with duct tape , Christina Anderson was bashed at least 12 times in the head . Her 8-year-old son Ethan 's body was burned beyond recognition . Those were some of the grisly details released this week by the San Diego Medical Examiner 's office investigating the deaths connected to the Hannah Anderson kidnapping case , a case that captured the nation 's interest last month . In August , Christina Anderson , 42 , and Ethan were killed by family friend James Lee DiMaggio , who then set fire to his house and kidnapped 16-year-old Hannah , authorities said . This led to a multi-state manhunt that ended with the FBI shooting DiMaggio , 40 , in the Idaho woods and Hannah 's rescue . DiMaggio 's sister : Hannah Anderson was ` trouble ' Few details had been released about the deaths of Christina and Ethan Anderson . But the autopsy reports obtained by CNN give shocking details . Christina Anderson 's ankles were bound by a plastic cable tie , and duct tape was wrapped around her neck and mouth , her autopsy report said . Her right arm and both legs were fractured , and there was a cut on her neck . Her body was found in the garage of the burning home , alongside a family dog that had been shot . Ethan was found in another part of the home , burned beyond recognition . It was believed , according to the autopsy , that the boy died because of the fire . Ethan also had skeletal fractures that could have been caused by events that day . San Diego County deputies searching DiMaggio 's charred home found a handwritten note , handcuff box , camping equipment , a DNA swab kit , two used condoms and letters from Hannah , according to an affidavit . Contents of the letters and the handwritten note were not revealed in the affidavit . In an interview since the ordeal , Hannah called herself a survivor . "  In the beginning I was a victim , but now knowing everyone out there is helping me , I consider myself a survivor instead , " she told NBC News . "  My mom raised me to be strong . " Hannah Anderson 's first TV interview : ` My mom raised me to be strong ' CNN 's Traci Tamura contributed to this report .	Hannah Anderson was kidnapped in August The teen 's mother and brother were killed Hannah was rescued after James DiMaggio , a family friend , was shot by police Autopsy results for Hannah 's mother and brother were released this week
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  Al Qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah early Thursday , freeing at least 270 prisoners , a third of whom have al Qaeda links , a senior Defense Ministry official has told CNN . Khaled Batarfi , a senior al Qaeda figure , was among the escapees , officials said . Dozens of attackers took control of government buildings , including the city 's Central Prison , Central Bank and radio station during the assault early Thursday , according to officials . Government troops arrived early Thursday and clashed with the al Qaeda fighters , and most of the militants fled , the officials said . Last month , hundreds of inmates escaped from Al Mansoorah Central Prison in Aden after clashes between Shiite Houthi rebels and forces loyal to ousted Sunni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi . Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi , a Sunni , from power . The sectarian nature of the conflict is drawing in regional rivals Saudi Arabia , which is predominately Sunni -- and is the country to which Hadi ultimately fled -- and Iran , which is predominately Shiite and supports the Houthi rebels . Because of that , the conflict in Yemen risks becoming a proxy war in the struggle between the Iranians and the Saudis for preeminence in the Middle East . The Saudis have conducted airstrikes against the Houthi rebels and could send in ground troops . But little is simple in the Middle East . And while the conflict between the Houthis and forces loyal to Hadi rages in the western part of the country , where it has caused hundreds of civilian deaths , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , controls parts of eastern Yemen . AQAP is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization .	Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison and other government buildings , freeing many prisoners Government troops clash with the fighters , most of whom flee Yemen is descending into chaos as a Shia-Sunni conflict draws in regional rivals Saudi Arabia and Iran
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama , President Bush and all of the surviving past presidents got together Wednesday for a historic meeting at the White House . Barack Obama meets with President Bush and past presidents in the Oval Office on Wednesday . "  One message that I have , and I think we all share , is that we want you to succeed . Whether we 're Democrat or Republican , we care deeply about this country , " Bush told Obama before lunch with the former presidents . Bush and Obama were joined by Jimmy Carter , George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton . Obama thanked the president for hosting them and said he was grateful for the opportunity to get "  advice , good counsel and fellowship " from the group . Watch what Obama says about the meeting " Obama 's press secretary said the presidents had a "  very constructive conversation " and Obama appreciated "  the spirit of bipartisanship they showed " in wishing him success . "  The president and the former presidents had helpful advice on managing the office , as well as thoughts on the critical issues facing the country right now . The president-elect is anxious to stay in touch with all of them in the coming years , " Robert Gibbs said . Presidential historian Doug Brinkley said it 's "  very smart politics for Obama to keep a channel open " with the former presidents . "  If he has a policy initiative that he wants to lead the country behind ... if he could get the signatures , the green light from all of the ex-presidents to say , ` Not only am I for this , but I have all of the ex-presidents backing me ' -- that 's powerful , " he said . White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said the last time all of the living presidents got together at the White House was in 1981 , and she called Wednesday 's meeting a "  historic moment . " She said the president was "  delighted " to host the luncheon . "  Each of them expressed their desire for President-elect Obama to have a very successful presidency . During the lunch , they had a wide-ranging discussion on many different issues facing the United States , and they all look forward to remaining in contact in the future , " Perino said . The meeting marked the second time Bush has hosted Obama since the election . Obama suggested the meeting with all of the former presidents when he and Bush first met in November . Perino said earlier she did n't know what they would talk about , but she said she 'd love to be able to hear it . "  I 'm sure all of us would love to be flies on the wall and listening to that conversation , " Perino said during Tuesday 's daily news briefing . Perino speculated that they would discuss what it 's like to raise children in the White House and how to protect them . Brinkley predicted that first and foremost , the presidents would recall what it was like to be president . "  All of them will have little anecdotes . They 'll see something in the White House that will bring back a memory . They 'll try to bring some levity to this -- make it a very special and engaging and actually a fun afternoon for Barack Obama , " he said . Secondly , Brinkley said , the conversation would probably turn to what 's going on in the Middle East . Brinkley said that all of the men will be on their "  best behavior , " but , given the personalities at the luncheon , there could be some tension . "  The friction , if there is any , is between Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter , who are known to not like each other at all , " he said , pointing out that the Clinton team did not like Carter "  parachuting for peace into Bosnia , North Korea and Haiti " during Clinton 's administration . "  That 's the relationship that is not warm , it 's not good , and if you are a body language expert , you might home in on that , " he said . President Bush may find himself the odd man out at the meeting , at least in terms of popularity . Bush registered only a 27 percent approval rating in a December CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey . In contrast , Obama had an 82 percent approval rating . A new poll out Wednesday indicates that 69 percent of adult Americans approved of how Clinton handled his job as president , while 64 percent of adult Americans gave a thumbs up to Carter and 60 percent approved of George H.W. Bush . CNN 's Lauren Kornreich contributed to this report	Historian calls meeting "  smart politics , " says it 'll be light , but could be tense Obama and Bush meet with Bill Clinton , George H.W. Bush , Jimmy Carter Obama says he 's grateful for chance to get "  advice , good counsel and fellowship " Last time all the living presidents met at White House was in 1981 , Perino says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Osama bin Laden 's wife has told interrogators she did n't venture outside the walled compound where the al Qaeda leader was killed for five years , a Pakistani military spokesman said Thursday . The wife , who was wounded in the raid , said she lived in the compound in Abbottabad with eight of bin Laden 's children and five others from another family , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN . All of them have been in Pakistani custody since the pre-dawn U.S. commando raid Monday that killed bin Laden and they will eventually be returned to their country of origin , Abbas said . The many wives of Osama bin Laden The news came as Pakistan 's armed forces acknowledged intelligence "  shortcomings " after the world 's most-wanted man was hunted down and killed in a city north of their capital . A military statement said an investigation would be launched , but warned that the U.S. raid that killed bin Laden has jeopardized its cooperation with American forces . Abbas said he was n't sure from the wife 's questioning how long bin Laden had lived in the compound or whether he had ventured outside during the five-year period his wife described . He identified the wife as "  Amal , " but said he could not confirm her full name . Amal al-Sadah , 29-years-old and originally from Yemen , is the youngest of bin Laden 's five wives . The al Qaeda leader had a total of 20 children , and one of his adult sons was also reported killed in the weekend assault . With a $ 25 million U.S. bounty on his head , bin Laden turned out to have been living in a three-story home in the Pakistani town of Abbottabad -- about 50 kilometers  31 miles  from Islamabad and a short distance from a leading Pakistani military academy . American critics have questioned how Pakistani officials could have missed the compound , and U.S. officials have said Washington did not give Pakistan any notice of the assault because they feared the word would leak . Material shows threats to railways , key cities Pakistan backed the Islamic fundamentalist Taliban in Afghanistan before the Taliban-allied al Qaeda attacked New York and Washington on September 11 , 2001 . U.S. officials have warned that some elements of Pakistan 's powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency remain supportive of extremists even as Pakistan battles its own Taliban insurgency . In a statement from Pakistan 's military headquarters , the country 's armed service chiefs defended the ISI 's efforts in attacking al Qaeda leaders , but said there had been "  shortcomings in developing intelligence on the presence of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan . " The statement said an investigation will be launched "  into the circumstances that led to this situation . " FBI : New attacks were being plotted But the army chief of staff , Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , "  made it very clear that any similar action , violating the sovereignty of Pakistan , will warrant a review on the level of military/intelligence cooperation with the United States , " the statement said . And Pakistan has ordered U.S. military personnel on its territory drawn down to the "  minimum essential " level in the wake of the assault that killed bin Laden deep within Pakistan early Monday , the statement announced . The U.S. military has had a small contingent of troops operating as trainers for Pakistani security forces for at least three years . Three Americans taking part in that mission were killed in a roadside bombing along the rugged border between Afghanistan and Pakistan in February 2010 . Breaking down the key points of bin Laden raid Pakistan is also a key supply route for the U.S. and NATO troops battling the Taliban in Afghanistan , with truck convoys often coming under attack near the border . But those runs are made by contractors , not U.S. troops . Mark Grossman , the U.S. special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , had some "  very blunt " conversations with Pakistani officials in the wake of the bin Laden raid , according to two senior U.S. officials briefed on the talks . In meetings with Kayani and Lt. Gen. Ahmad Pasha , the ISI 's chief , Grossman discussed the need for Pakistan to improve its cooperation on counterterrorism in the wake of the bin Laden operation , the officials said . But the officials said that there is still no evidence that points to the senior levels of the Pakistani military or the ISI knowing that bin Laden was hiding out in that compound . And Pakistani Foreign Secretary Salman Bashir told reporters Thursday that any suggestion that the intelligence service or the government were covering for bin Laden "  is absolutely wrong . " In fact , he said , the ISI alerted U.S. intelligence agencies to the presence of al Qaeda operatives in Abbottabad as early as 2004 . "  It is easy to say that the ISI and elements in the government are in cahoots with al Qaeda , " he said . "  This is a false charge . It can not be validated , on any account . " Kayani and Pasha both warned that comments like the ones by CIA Director Leon Panetta -- who told U.S. lawmakers in a closed-door session Tuesday that Pakistani officials were either "  involved or incompetent " in bin Laden 's case -- were unhelpful . Still , they said that they wanted to work through the problems between the Washington and Islamabad , the senior U.S. officials said . Two key senators defend Pakistan aid Bashir , too , tried to temper any reports of a rift between Pakistan and the United States . He said there has been an "  excellent exchange of views " between the two sides in recent days , a positive rapport he expects to continue even as Pakistan opens a "  review " of how bin Laden was able to stay in Abbottabad , deals with the ramifications of accusations it could have done more and addresses issues of its terroritorial sovereignty after U.S. forces got into Pakistan undetected . "  We have cooperated with the United States in the past . We look forward to continuing this cooperation at all levels , " Bashir said . "  I think , basically , the Pakistan-U.S. relations are moving in the right direction . " CNN 's Samson Desta , Tim Lister and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani minister says U.S. , Pakistani relations moving in "  the right direction " Bin Laden 's wife says she stayed inside his compound for five years The Pakistani military says further raids would hurt cooperation An investigation will be launched into intelligence "  shortcomings " regarding bin Laden
CNN  -- This time of year , it seems like a new phone comes out every couple days . With the Apple 's brand-new iPhone 5 now on sale , here 's a roundup of some of the hottest smartphones on the market , along with a few that are coming soon . Many of these gadgets are getting faster and bigger -- so big , in some cases , they wo n't fit in a pocket . For the most part , tactile keyboards are disappearing , too . Take a look and let us know what you think in the comments section .	New smartphones are coming out in droves CNN looks at some of the hottest models on the market
CNN  -- The world 's most famous scientist , with his iconic wild hair , crumpled suit , and pens peeking from breast pocket , poses not in a laboratory -- but on the deck of a ship . It 's a candid image of Albert Einstein in his leisure time , taken on one of many trips aboard Red Star Line vessels between Europe and America in the 1930s . Three years after this photograph was taken , the Nazis came into power in Einstein 's homeland Germany , and he traveled to the U.S. on one of these huge passenger steamers for good , in a journey that may well have saved the Jewish physicist 's life . The Nobel Prize winning scientist was one of 2.5 million people who sailed across the Atlantic with the boat company between 1873 and 1934 -- a quarter of them Jewish . Now their remarkable stories -- many escaping persecution in Europe and investing their savings in a better life in the New World -- have been immortalized in a new $ 25 million Red Star Line Museum in Antwerp , Belgium . "  The most important artifact we 're showing is the actual building -- it was the control center for all third class passengers , " said museum co-ordinator Luc Verheyen , of the renovated red brick warehouses on the Rhine Quay , which until now had been left to rot . "  Inside we have a collection of ship models , stories , pictures , letters , even a Belgian waffle iron , and the piano of composer Irving Berlin -- it shows something about what was important to people of the time . " Lifesaver Along with Einstein and Irving Berlin -- the composer of famous songs "  White Christmas " and "  There 's No Business Like Show Business " -- was another passenger who fled Europe to forge a successful career in the U.S. Lawyer , author and prominent feminist , Sonia Pressman Fuentes , was just five years old when her family traveled from Antwerp to New York in 1934 . Today she is believed to be one of just five surviving Red Star Line passengers , and the only who attended the museum 's opening last month . The daughter of Jewish Polish clothing merchants living in Berlin , 85-year-old Fuentes says she would have died at the hands of the Nazis if her family had n't caught the SS Westernland that fateful day . "  It was a lifesaver , absolutely , " said the mother-of-one , adding that the Antwerp authorities had planned to deport the family before they boarded the ship . "  There 's no question of the role the Red Star Line played in the lives of people who escaped the Holocaust . " Historic journey While Fuentes was too young to remember the 10-day journey across the Atlantic , her 18-year-old brother Hermann , who had convinced the family to join him in Antwerp , kept a diary of the voyage , copies of which now appear in the museum . "  My brother wrote that we were seasick the whole time , " says Fuentes , and indeed , life on the ships was cramped and dreary for third class passengers . "  In the early years , third class passengers were in large , communal cabins without water or light . They could go outside for some air once a day , " said Verheyen . "  But towards the end , it got a lot better and they started investing in small dormitories with six people in a room . " "  First class however , was more like a luxury hotel , with huge ballrooms for dancing . " With a third class ticket valued at around $ 1,300 in today 's money , a laborer would have had to work 75 days to cover the cost . Third class passengers also had to undergo rigorous health checks before boarding , with anyone refused entry at Ellis Island immigration center in New York sent back at the expense of the shipping line . Passengers would take hour-long showers with hot vinegar and benzene , cleaning them of lice , while their luggage was disinfected in large steam sterilizing machines . Ship-shape Founded by Antwerp and Philadelphia ship brokers almost 150 years ago , the Red Star Line heralded a golden era for transatlantic ocean travel , and during its heyday two vessels left for North America each week . "  People left Europe for a variety of reasons -- poverty , the rise of industrialism meant a lot of small family businesses went bankrupt , political or racial persecution , and adventurers with small capital who had heard about the prosperity on the other side of the ocean , " said Verheyen . For Fuentes , the most emotional moment of her return to Antwerp , was standing at the very same water 's edge where her family set sail 80 years ago . "  If it was n't for that journey I would n't have had a life , or a daughter , " she said . "  My brother would n't have had children and grandchildren and great grandchildren . My parents would n't have had lives , none of that would have happened if we had n't traveled on the Red Star Line . "	Albert Einstein escaped Nazi rule by sailing on Red Star Line ship 80 years ago One of 2.5 million Europeans to travel on the company 's vessels to North America Red Star Line Museum opens in Antwerp , includes over 5,000 pieces of memorabilia Passenger Sonia Pressman Fuentes says would not have survived Holocaust without trip
CNN  -- West Indies captain Darren Sammy took five wickets as his side wrapped up a 40-run victory over Pakistan in the opening Test match in Guyana . Pakistan resumed day four on 80-3 seeking 219 to win but slumped to 178 all out just after lunch with Sammy and Ravi Rampaul chief architects of their downfall . It means the hosts now take an unassailable 1-0 lead in the two Test series , with the next match starting in St Kitts on Friday . "  This is what West Indies cricket is all about , " Sammy told the official West Indies Cricket Board web site . "  We 're happy . We worked really hard for this win . It was really great the way we were able to deliver on the plans we set out on how we would attack the Pakistanis . "  It 's a good feeling . This is about West Indies cricket , we as a team needed this performance , it was total team effort and it was good to come out with a win . "  Lately things have n't been going well but I still have the belief and the rest of the team also have belief . It is still only one victory though and we still have to continue working hard and improving . " Rampaul was the first to strike when he dismissed Asad Shafiq for 42 but Misbah-ul-Haq and Umar Akmal steadied the ship , putting on a partnership of 52 . Their resistance was broken by Sammy as he trapped Misbah LBW , one of a record 20 given in the match . Sammy removed debutant Mohammad Salman two balls later , again LBW , before Rampaul had Abdur Rehman caught in the slips shortly after lunch . Captain Sammy polished off the tail with three quick wickets , dismissing Akmal for 47 and Umar Gul for one before he bowled Saeed Ajmal to seal victory .	West Indies beat Pakistan by 40 runs in Guyana to seal victory in the first Test Captain Darren Sammy takes five wickets as Pakistan are all out for 178 chasing 219 to win West Indies take a 1-0 lead in the series , the second and final Test starts in St Kitts on Friday
CNN  -- Cameroon 's high rate of teenage pregnancy is being blamed for driving mothers to use harmful traditions on their daughters -- including the unspeakable practice of breast ironing . Some mothers "  iron " their daughters ' breasts with a hot pestle to make them less desirable to men . It 's a practice that 's meant to stop them getting pregnant at a young age , but it leaves many girls physically and emotionally scarred . A study in 2006 found nearly one in four Cameroonian girls have been affected . But a new generation of Cameroonian women are on a mission to eradicate the practice . Among them is Georgette Taku . She believes better sex education is the key to reducing teenage pregnancy and changing attitudes to breast ironing . "  What is killing the Cameroonian girl in society is that mothers do n't communicate with their daughters , they do n't talk , " said Taku . Taku works for the Association of Aunties , a national network that promotes sexual dialogue . It was her own pregnancy and the birth of her son that pushed her into a life of activism . "  They  mothers  only resort to some actions , some practices to try to help the girl , " said Taku . "  It 's better to talk to your daughter -- that 's why we teach the mothers even things like puberty . " "  The mothers are ignorant , they do n't know how to approach their daughters , " she added . With the help of sponsors , the association produces television and print campaigns urging Cameroonian girls to find their voice and confront their mothers . Malawi 's ` Florence Nightingale ' saving babies and mothers Workshops are also held to educate women about reproductive health . The idea is that when they graduate they 'll become trusted sources of information for other Cameroonian girls . One workshop participant , Terisia , became pregnant aged 15 . Her mother ironed her breasts when she was just nine years old . Terisia believes she might not have become pregnant so young if her mother had talked to her about sex instead . "  The advice could have worked better than pressing the breasts , " Terisia said . "  Sitting with the child , giving the child advice , telling her to prevent sexual intercourse , or if you want to have  sex  you should protect yourself . " But like other mothers , Terisia 's mother Grace says she ironed her daughter 's breasts to stop boys looking at her . "  If you ask mothers who are doing breast ironing on their daughters , they will tell you that , ` no I 'm doing it because I want to help her , I want to protect her from men , ' " said Taku . Among those working for the Association of Aunties is a former victim of breast ironing who says she regrets not speaking out about what was happening to her . Cathy Aba now hopes to save other girls by confronting mothers about the effects of their actions . "  It 's not easy to approach mothers who are involved in the practice of breast ironing , " she said . "  They consider it a cultural practice . ` My grandmother did it to me , ' they tell us . " The 23-year-old still has painful scars , 14 years after her breasts were ironed . Her doctor says surgery is no longer an option . "  When you finally pass the message to them , they finally accept and decide to never do it again , " Aba added . The campaign group says former victims like Aba really drive home its message . "  Our victims help us a lot because they talk to mothers ; they make the mothers understand that they suffered from this practice , " Taku said . "  Even though they had the breasts ironed they grew up ignorant when it came to pregnancy , HIV and other sexual diseases because the mothers were not talking with them . "	Breast ironing widespread in Cameroon , says study The Association of Aunties is educating women about sexual health Former victims are among those campaigning for the practice to be eradicated Some mothers say they do n't know they are harming their daughters
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- A Brazilian supreme court judge on Tuesday suspended a lower court 's order that would have given custody of a 9-year-old boy to the U.S. Consulate in Rio de Janeiro , where he was to be reunited with his American father . David Goldman has been fighting for custody of his son , Sean , since the boy 's mother took him to Brazil in 2004 . Judge Marco Aurelio argued against taking Sean Richard Goldman from what has been his home for almost five years to the United States "  in an abrupt manner . " Doing so , he wrote in his order published on the court 's Web site , could subject the boy to psychological harm . The decision , which means the entire Brazilian supreme court will take up the case , comes a day after a superior court justice ordered Sean taken Wednesday to the U.S. Consulate in Rio and handed over to his father , David Goldman , who arrived Tuesday from New Jersey to pick up his son . The two were separated in June 2004 when the boy 's Brazilian mother , Bruna Bianchi Carneiro Ribeiro , told Goldman -- to whom she was then married -- that she was taking the boy on a two-week vacation to Brazil . Watch Goldman describe his fight to get his son back " Mother and son never returned . Instead , Bianchi stayed in Brazil , where she divorced Goldman and married a Brazilian lawyer . But in September , Bianchi 's death during childbirth led Goldman to renew his efforts to regain custody of their son . Sean , who has been living with his half-sister and his stepfather , was to have spent a 30-day adaptation period in the United States before his father gained full custody . That prospect sparked outrage from an attorney representing the boy 's Brazilian relatives . "  The child was n't heard , " lawyer Sergio Tostes said . "  The child said many times that he wanted to stay in Brazil . This is not human , and it is a cruelty . " The case has attracted high-level attention . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton referred to the case Monday , telling reporters , "  I also wanted just to take this opportunity to recognize the decision by the Brazilian federal court today ordering a young American boy , Sean Goldman , to be reunited with his father , David . It 's taken a long time for this day to come , but we will work with the Goldman family and the Brazilian government , with the goal of ensuring this young boy 's return . " David Goldman 's attorney , Patricia Apy , did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment . CNN 's Rob Frehse and Alessandra Castelli contributed to this report .	Brazilian supreme court judge suspends lower court 's order Lower court had ordered son taken to dad at U.S. Consulate in Rio de Janeiro Boy 's parents divorced after mom moved with son to Brazil in 2004 Mom died in childbirth in 2008 , leaving boy with stepfather
CNN  The Nazis did all they could to make their Jewish captives faceless , dressing them in uniforms and tattooing them with numbers that would become their new identities . In the midst of that horror -- indeed , in perhaps the most horrific place a Jew could land at the time -- prisoners sought to take their images back and made sure that art was still present . Franciszek Jawiecki , a Polish artist and political prisoner at Auschwitz , made portraits of fellow prisoners . Though the portraits portrayed prisoners of various nationalities and ages , they shared the same haunting quality , according to Agnieszka Sieradzka , an art historian at the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum . "  The most interesting in these portraits are eyes -- a very strange helplessness , " she says . "  Prisoners created portraits because the desire to have an image was very strong . " Sieradzka believes Jawiecki made the portraits because he was aware they would one day become important historical documents . Almost every portrait features the subject 's prisoner number , which gives historians a name to attach to the pictures . An earlier version of this story included a reference to "  Polish camps . " It should have said "  Nazi concentration camps in German-occupied Poland . " CNN regrets the error . More than 100 of Jawiecki 's portraits are housed in the Auschwitz-Birkenau museum , a memorial and museum at the site of the Nazi concentration camps in German-occupied Poland . The gallery has more than 2,000 pieces of art created inside various Nazi camps or after the war . Through the years , Jawiecki is said to have hidden his portraits in his bed or in his clothes . The drawings managed to survive until he was liberated . After his death in 1946 , his family donated his portraits to the museum . One of the most important pieces in the museum collection is a sketchbook containing 22 pictures most likely drawn in 1943 by an unknown prisoner at Auschwitz . The sketchbook is the only artwork documenting extermination at Birkenau . The sketches were found in 1947 , two years after liberation , near Birkenau 's crematoriums . They had been stuffed into a bottle and hidden in the foundations of one of the buildings . "  Some would be surprised that art existed in a place like that , in a place with crematories , but art was especially needed here behind the barbed wire , because the art could save a part of their human dignity , " says Sieradzka . "  The art was a hope for a better future . The art was escape from the brutal reality of the camp to another , better world . " According to Sieradzka , Nazi SS officers commissioned some of the works . Artistically gifted prisoners made instructional drawings and models for the military . SS soldiers also exploited the prisoners ' talents for private purposes , making them create portraits , landscapes , greeting cards and illustrations of German legends . Soldiers sent some of the art to their families or displayed it in the camp 's own gallery , the Lagermuseum . That museum also held items taken from those deported to the camp , including antiques , Jewish prayer books and garments . For Sieradzka , the most valuable and important work is the art prisoners made at great risk -- in secret . "  Prisoners could n't use materials from SS officers for private purposes . It was forbidden , but prisoners many times carried out illegal activity and used these materials for illegal artworks , " she says , "  These paintings and drawings play a very important educational role as illustrative of what happened at Auschwitz . " Prisoners made art using whatever materials they could find -- scraps of paper , baking paper , the backs of old letters . They made sculptures using bread and toothbrushes , says Sieradzka . "  The art was forbidden in Auschwitz so creating a drawing like that means risking torture , even death , however the art existed here almost from the beginning , " she says . Jan Komski was a Polish Catholic arrested while crossing the border in attempt to reach the newly formed Polish Army in France . He had escaped Auschwitz once , but was rearrested in Krakow . After he was liberated , he immigrated to the United States , became a U.S. citizen , and worked for the Washington Post newspaper as an illustrator . Before he passed away in 2002 , he painted works depicting daily life in the camp -- scenes of barbarity at the hands of the SS and humanity and compassion between fellow prisoners . "  Thanks to these artworks , we could also see Auschwitz and the camp in the eyes of prisoners . And this is very unique because we have n't photos depicting everyday life of prisoners in the camp , " says Sieradzka . Through these works , she says , we can see the truth about Auschwitz .	Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum has works of art created in concentration camps Prisoners would create art in secret and hide it Through these works , we can see the truth about Auschwitz , historian says
CNN  In Uganda , more than 28 million people in the country are without electricity . To put that into perspective , the entire population of the beautiful landlocked east-central African nation is less than 38 million people . To tackle energy poverty , many entrepreneurs are increasingly devising innovative solutions to explore feasible alternative power options . One of them is Rose Twine . Having grown up in both urban and rural areas of Uganda , Twine knew first hand the challenges faced by many homes when it came to cooking a simple meal . A passionate environmentalist , she decided to do something about it . In 2009 , she teamed up with her brother to found their Kampala-based company with their flagship product : the "  eco stove . " The siblings ' green oven uses a type of volcanic rock combined with solar power to act as the fuel for the kitchen appliance . Cook food , charge your phone "  The whole point was to ... reduce deforestation , as well as the chores involved in finding firewood for the local person who ca n't access electricity or gas , " explains Twine . The stove has an internal air system that helps heat up the volcanic rocks , which are ready to cook when they turn bright red in color . When the device is switched off , the rocks cool and return to their natural state until the next use . Meanwhile , solar panels on the appliance charge up and help provide additional heat to the stove . Alternatively , Twine explains , the appliance can also be used to provide an additional light source , charge cell phones , play a radio or even iron clothes through steaming . At the moment , the most common solid fuels for cooking and heating homes in Uganda are firewood and charcoal , both of which release thick , acrid smoke into the household . This exposes residents to a number of respiratory health problems -- the World Health Organization estimates that 4.3 million people die annually as a result of hazardous household air pollution . As the Ugandan capital of Kampala continues to flourish more people are choosing to relocate to the city . But an increasing population also means more man-made health factors . Societal problems include extra trash and traffic , which in turn add to the worsening air pollution . Outside of the city , in rural areas , the once green and fertile forests are disappearing at an alarming rate . Deforestation has seen the country lose two thirds of its forests between 1990 and 2005 making it harder for villagers to find wood for burning . Twine hopes her product will provide users with immediate environmental , social , health and economic benefits once they have upgraded their existing kitchens with her eco-alternative . Part businesswoman , part eco-warrior She says : "  Everybody says I want  the eco stove  because charcoal is expensive , firewood is hard to find , electricity is very expensive and its not reliable . " Surrounded by countless families facing these hardships of accessing sustainable energy everyday , Twine made it her mission to provide a reliable fuel source through her social enterprise startup . It 's a vision that has proved fairly popular as more Kampala residents adopt this eco-friendly way of cooking . But Twine explains it usually requires a live demonstration of the product to clinch the sale . "  This is a new innovation in the continent that a lot of people need more understanding . It 's not something that you can go on TV and say ` this a stove here that will solve all your cooking challenges . ' No ! "  That 's why we are always cooking beans  outside the store  . You need a lot of stuff on site to be able to demonstrate for anybody who comes in , because it 's not something somebody is going to read about it and say ' a stone that cooks and lasts two years ' and believe in it . No -- they want to see . " It 's still early days but the sustainable business has seen some local success in promoting renewable energy -- a cause of great importance to Twine . And it 's this passion that spurs the environmental entrepreneur onwards . She explains : "  Believe in the dream  and  I think you 'll go all the way . Once you believe in it it 's easy to transmit the same passion and the same conviction to the person who is going to buy into it . "  Once you believe in what you 're doing , do n't be distracted and do n't even be discouraged . " Read this : African entrepreneurs get billionaire boost Read this : Bamboo bikes change the face of transport in Ghana Read this : The life-saving backpack that doubles as a light More from African Start-Up	Access to electricity across Uganda is fairly limited or not accessible Combined with lack of firewood and expensive gas prices , many homes are struggling with energy resources Rose Twine founded Kampala-based business , Eco stoves , a heating appliance using volcanic rock and solar power The oven also doubles as an alternative energy source and can power radios , charge phones
CNN  When one man sat down next to a second man in a St. Louis light rail car and asked him his opinion on the shooting of Michael Brown , it was not the beginning of a discussion . It was the start of an assault , police said . The second man , who was white , did n't want to answer the question . Then the first man , who was black , boxed him in the face . Two more African-American men joined in the beating , according to a police report about Monday 's incident . It was caught on surveillance cameras on the MetroLink train and a passenger recorded it with a cell phone and posted the video online . It has gone viral . Police confirmed to CNN that the online images came from the attack . The victim , 43 , was commuting home when a young man in a red T-shirt and cap walked up to him . The victim asked not to be named in media reports . The man asked to use the victim 's cell phone . He declined , and the young man sat down beside him . "  Then he asked me my opinion on the Michael Brown thing , " the victim told KMOV , "  and I responded I was too tired to think about it right now . " The suspect , in his 20s , stood up . "  The next thing I know , he sucker punches me right in the middle of my face , " the victim said . The video showed the suspect unleashing a barrage of punches at the head of the victim , who covered himself with his hand and forearms . The two other men , also in their 20s , joined in , police said . As the train pulled into a station , a security guard saw part of the beating and alerted police . The man in the red T-shirt could be seen on video kicking at the victim 's face before the train 's doors opened and the assailants ran out . The train 's surveillance cameras captured clear images of their faces , which MetroLink passed on to journalists . Police are looking for the three men . They face possible charges of third-degree assault , police said . It is a misdemeanor under Missouri law . The victim was left with bruises on his face and forehead , police said . The first punch dug the frame of his eyeglasses into the skin of his nose , the victim said . He declined to receive medical treatment . But then there was the emotional pain . On the video , people could be heard laughing while the man was beaten . "  I think it was disgusting that people were sort of laughing and smiling about it , " the victim said . "  And no one offered to help . No one seemed to call 911 . " Condemnation of the beating has spread across social media , including from people who protested the shooting of Brown last year by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri . The officer was not indicted in Brown 's death . St. Louis alderman Antonio French , a vocal community leader in the aftermath of Ferguson , tweeted his disappointment in the beating . "  Mike Brown question sparks MetroLink beating caught on video , " he wrote . "  This is disgusting . We have a major problem , STL . " CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	An African-American man in his twenties beats a white man after asking about Michael Brown Two more young black men join in the beating , which is caught on cameras
Oprah.com  -- The Quilter : Kyra Hicks Twenty years ago , a friend and I were visiting the Taft Museum of Art in Cincinnati and saw an exhibit of African-American quilts . I 'll never forget one particular piece by the artist Faith Ringgold -- a family sitting at a Thanksgiving table , with their thoughts sewn into the fabric . I just knew right away : I wanted to tell stories with cotton . It 's exciting to start on a quilt . I tape paper to my wall and sketch patterns and notes . Going to the fabric store for the right colors or prints feels as important as the actual sewing . And then I clear out a huge empty space in my family room , and I get busy . I do n't know how to draw , so it amazes me that this magical , creative part of me comes out . Here 's an example : A few years ago , when I was yearning for a date on a Friday night , I asked myself , "  How can I capture this feeling in fabric ? " So I made a quilt that reads "  SBF praying for a SBM to share my quilt . " The image is of a black woman , and if you look really closely , the background pattern is filled with couples . I love layering the story like that . I probably could n't make a living quilting , and I 'm glad of that . My 9-to-5 job as a product manager means I do n't have to make quilts to sell . There 's a freedom to being pure to the art , to not being motivated to pay the mortgage with it . My quilts are motivated only by my need to tell my story . Oprah.com : The 4-Step Plan to Get Your Life on Track The Coach : Jennifer Smith As a kid , I was a horse nut , a real barn rat . I would spend every Saturday at the stables , grooming horses , mucking stalls -- anything for extra rides . But when I went to college , my obsession fizzled out . I got a job in book publishing and started spending my days in front of a computer , stuck in my head . I like what I do , but as time passed , I just began to crave something wildly different . Then , three years ago , I came across a video about horses helping children with disabilities . I felt like it was speaking directly to me . On my first day as a volunteer , I was paired with a 9-year-old girl who had severe developmental and physical disabilities . My job was to walk alongside her for support . When she got in the saddle of a big brown swayback , her face lit up . She could n't stop laughing ! I saw other kids in wheelchairs -- kids who spend all day looking up at people -- sitting in the saddle and grinning like they were on top of the world . It felt magical . There 's no office equivalent , no matter how much you enjoy your day job . I 've since become a certified riding instructor . For six months a year , I 'm at the stable on Saturdays from 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. It 's something I do n't technically have time for -- I 've missed weekends away with friends , and I schedule "  summer " vacations for March because the program starts in April -- but you make time for things that matter . Oprah.com : 26 Ways to Tell Your Story and Share It with the World The Cheese-Maker : Elena Santogade My family is from Wisconsin , so I 've always liked cheese , but my interest did n't get intense until a few years ago . I felt antsy at my desk job , so I started a club : Each week a coworker would bring in a few cheeses to share . For my turn , I visited a cheesemonger in a specialty shop . We shared a piece of Appenzeller -- sort of like a Gruy  re -- and I could taste hay and onion . He said , "  Oh , the cow must 've gotten into an onion patch . " I was standing in this busy , fancy shop in New York City and tasting a connection to a cow in Switzerland -- it blew my mind . Oprah.com : 6 Words That Can Change How You Look at Your Life I started talking to other cheesemongers . They can be a grumpy group , but I 'd visit again and again and ask for offbeat offerings . The more I learned , the more I wanted to try crafting simple ingredients into amazing flavors . Making cheese turned out to feel like a big brain stretch . You focus on basic things , like watching milk change , and your mind gets quiet . My apartment is tiny , but it has become something of a workshop . A kitchen hook drains soft cheeses into the sink . Two small fridges age my wheels of Cheddar and Manchego . I make cheese every week , and I 've been teaching mozzarella classes as well , so huge pots and bowls are perched on shelves . Anyone who walks in can tell who I am : I 'm a cheesemaker . Oprah.com : 4 Ways to Be Happier on the Job The Pianist : Ria Dawn Carlo The first time I saw a piano , I was in first grade . My teacher played "  When the Saints Go Marching In , " and that was it : I wanted to play . When the others ran to recess , I would practice scales . My parents did n't go to church , but I went with my art teacher , to play piano there . I begged for lessons and finally began at age 9 . At 11 , I told my teachers that I wanted to be a concert pianist . They said the odds were slim , and that I 'd have to win the Tchaikovsky Competition -- a one-in-a-million shot . That was pretty discouraging , and as time passed , I grew away from music and instead pursued mathematics . For years I worked as an astrophysicist and had time for little else . But three years ago , when I switched jobs , I found myself thinking of the piano . At age 34 , I decided to begin again . As soon as I sat at the keys , I felt as if I 'd entered a room made just for me . In the beginning , I used an electric keyboard and pretended I was on a grand piano . Buying a used Yamaha last year was a real commitment . It makes such a booming sound , my husband and I moved to a bigger apartment so I can play for an hour or two every day . Since I started practicing on my concert grand , I 've won an international competition and performed at a fund-raiser at Carnegie Hall . Onstage , I could feel myself filling with light . These are the best moments of my life . Oprah.com : 25 of the Smartest Pieces of Advice from Women Who Started Their Own Businesses Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Kyra Hicks discovered at a quilt exhibit that she wanted to tell stories with cotton Jennifer Smith turned her love of horses into working with children who have disabilities Elena Santogade turns simple ingredients into amazing flavors of cheese
CNN  -- A 41-year-old Mississippi man pleaded guilty Friday in federal court months after being accused of developing ricin and sending the dangerous substance in letters to President Barack Obama and others , the U.S. Department of Justice announced . According to a plea agreement , James Everett Dutschke is expected to be sentenced to 25 years in prison . The Tupelo resident will be sentenced in by U.S. District Judge Sharion Aycock in about 60 days . CNN first learned of Dutschke 's plea via Twitter . Dutschke was arrested on April 27 , 2013 , and charged with possession and use of a biological agent as a weapon . The agreement wraps up a bizarre case that began when federal investigators first arrested another man -- an Elvis impersonator named Paul Kevin Curtis -- for allegedly sending letters containing ricin to Obama , Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi ; and Sadie Holland , a judge in Lee County . Ricin is a deadly toxin derived from castor beans that has no known antidote . The letters to Wicker and Obama were stopped at a government mail-screening facility after initial tests indicated the presence of the deadly poison ricin . The one sent to Holland did not cause any illness . Mississippi man charged in ricin case Even so , the case -- which came on the heels of the Boston Marathon bombings -- spurred anxieties around the country about such biological attacks . In a way , it recalls the days after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks when U.S. senators and journalists were sent anthrax-laced letters . Authorities cleared Curtis after his attorney , Christi McCoy , told authorities that she believed her client was framed , possibly by Dutschke . In fact , FBI agents were searching Dutschke 's home and the studio where he practiced martial arts as Curtis walked out of jail . At the time , Dutschke told CNN affiliate WMC-TV that he was cooperating with the FBI and had nothing to do with the letters . "  I had absolutely nothing to do with those letters , " he said at the time . Friday 's plea shows that was not true . The Justice Department said , in its press release Friday , that Dutschke concocted and carried out the elaborate ploy -- including buying castor beans or seeds to make ricin via eBay -- then making the toxin and enclosing it in the three letters . Each of the letters had a Memphis , Tennessee , postmark and no return address . They read , in part : "  To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner to its continuance . " They were signed "  I am KC and I approve this message , " a source told CNN . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	James Everett Dutschke pleaded guilty in ricin case He was accused of making ricin , sending it in letters to Obama , a senator and a judge Authorities say Dutschke concocted elaborate ploy
CNN  -- Felipe Massa will stay at Ferrari until the end of the 2013 season after extending his contract with the stable by one year . The Brazilian , who followed up his first podium finish in two years at Suzuka by finishing fourth in Sunday 's Korean Grand Prix , agreed the deal after meeting with Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo at Maranello on Tuesday morning . "  I am very happy to have reached this agreement , " Massa , who has been with Ferrari since 2006 , told the team 's official website . "  Ferrari is my racing family and throughout my entire time in Formula 1 , I have always driven cars powered by engines built in Maranello : I ca n't see myself driving cars propelled by anything else ! " The announcement comes a day after Di Montezemolo attempted to quash media reports linking Germany 's double world champion Sebastian Vettel with a move to Ferrari in 2014 by saying he did n't want "  two roosters in the same hen house " . Read : Ferrari chief dampens Vettel switch talk With two-time champion Fernando Alonso currently Ferrari 's number one driver , the long-standing chief of the Italian firm explained his comments by saying that he wanted two drivers who would be racing "  for Ferrari and not for themselves . " In their statement , Ferrari said that "  one of the reasons that pushed Montezemolo and Massa to decide on announcing the renewal today  was  to put an end to all the speculation . " The constructor added that it hopes that the decision to finalize the 2013 line-up in plenty of time will help Alonso focus on winning Ferrari 's first drivers ' championship since Kimi R $ ikk  nen won the title in 2007 . The Spaniard currently lies second in the championship standing -- his tally of 209 points just six fewer than Vettel 's with four races of the season left -- while Massa is down in ninth place with 81 points , 30 of which have come in the last fortnight . "  He has been part of our family for over a decade and has shown , especially in this recent part of the season , that he is once again competitive at the highest level , which is what is expected of every driver who gets behind the wheel of a Ferrari , " said Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicai . "  We have always supported Felipe , even in the most difficult moments of his career and we are certain of his worth and are sure he will know how to repay the confidence this renewal proves we have in him . " One of the most testing moments in Massa 's career came when he suffered severe head injuries after a crash in qualifying for the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix , with Ferrari leaving the Brazilian 's place open ahead of his return the following season .	Felipe Massa to stay at Ferrari until end of 2013 at least Ferrari hope move will quash speculation linking them with Sebastian Vettel Announcement also made in bid to help Fernando Alonso win first Ferrari drivers ' title since 2007
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- One of the most respected ballistics experts in South Africa disputed key elements of the prosecution case against Oscar Pistorius on Friday , saying that the girlfriend he killed last year did not appear to have been in a defensive position when he shot her . Tom Wolmarans , a former police officer , suggested that Reeva Steenkamp did not have her hand over her head when Pistorius fired four bullets at her . "  The left hand can not have been against her head " because there were no wounds and no brain tissue on the inside of her hand , he said . His analysis runs against one of the most dramatic parts of the prosecution case , when a police ballistics expert cowered with his hands over his head , imitating the position he thought Steenkamp was in when she was killed . Pistorius , 27 , is accused of murdering Steenkamp , a model , reality TV star and law school graduate . She was 29 when she was killed . He admits that he fired four bullets through a closed door in his house , killing her , but says he thought he was protecting himself from a burglar . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel has argued aggressively that Pistorius argued with Steenkamp before killing her . If she was crouched defensively when she was killed , that could support Nel 's case , implying that she knew what was coming . If the judge believes Wolmarans , on the other hand , it could suggest Steenkamp was taken by surprise . Fierce cross-examination Nel battered Wolmarans as the cross-examination began , demanding to know how many different versions of his analysis he gave the defense team , whom he consulted about it and whether he had changed any of his report . Flustered and occasionally appearing angry , Wolmarans said he had fixed some of the English in his report -- it not being his native language -- but not his conclusions . He also said he would not have changed his conclusions based on conversations he had over beer with another defense expert , Roger Dixon , because Dixon is not a ballistics expert . Nel pounced , demanding whether the court should also disregard Dixon 's testimony . Once the questioning turned to the specifics of the night Steenkamp was killed , Wolmarans recovered his composure and stood his ground . Nel disputed the former police officer 's description of where Steenkamp was when the final bullet hit her in the head . The prosecutor said that if her position was as Wolmarans described it , there were have been no space for her head . The ballistics expert disagreed . He also stepped into the reconstruction of Pistorius ' bathroom in the court , to demonstrate , leading to one of the few light moments in the trial . He closed the door as he stepped into the toilet cubicle and then said to the judge , "  I 'm sorry , my lady , you ca n't see me , " prompting laughter in court . Weeping witness Wolmarans earlier agreed with prosecution witnesses who said Pistorius , a double amputee , was on his stumps when he shot Steenkamp . Before the murder trial began , the state had said Pistorius put on his prosthetic legs before killing his girlfriend -- implying that the killing was premeditated -- but Nel shifted his position when the trial began . Wolmarans is in court for a second day . On Thursday , defense witnesses included probation officer and social worker Yvette van Schalkwyk , who testified that Pistorius was not faking the dramatic suffering he has shown in court . The gripping trial has seen Pistorius break down repeatedly , crying , wailing and sometimes throwing up as the court sees and hears evidence about Steenkamp 's death . Evidence has included graphic photos of the wounds ; testimony from neighbors , friends , police and pathologists ; and the actual door through which Pistorius fired four hollow-tipped bullets on the fateful night . Judge 's decision There is no dispute that Pistorius shot and killed Steenkamp in his home early on the morning of Valentine 's Day 2013 . Prosecutor Nel tore into Pistorius over five days in court in April , saying the Paralympic medalist had argued with Steenkamp and killed her on purpose . He tried to force Pistorius to look at a picture of Steenkamp 's head after the shooting , accused Pistorius of being selfish and possessive , and said he refused to take responsibility for his actions . Judge Thokozile Masipa must decide whether Pistorius genuinely made a terrible mistake or whether he murdered Steenkamp intentionally . Live blog : Pistorius on trial Lead defense lawyer Barry Roux has said he expects to conclude his case on Tuesday . Pistorius himself testified for seven days in April . The defense team is seeking to cast doubt on the state 's case and needs only to show there is a reasonable doubt that Pistorius meant to kill Steenkamp . Its case will be followed by closing arguments . Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . If Pistorius is found guilty of premeditated murder , he faces life in prison . He could be convicted of the lesser charge of culpable homicide , which would leave his sentence at the discretion of the judge . The trial has gripped South Africa and sports fans worldwide who considered Pistorius a symbol of triumph over physical adversity . His disabled lower legs were amputated when he was a baby , but he went on to achieve global fame as the "  Blade Runner , " winning numerous Paralympic gold medals on the carbon-fiber blades that gave him his nickname . He also competed against able-bodied runners at the Olympics . Only those in the courtroom saw Pistorius on the stand , because he chose not to testify on camera . His testimony could be heard in an audio feed . Oscar Pistorius trial enters new phase after blistering cross-examination Gerrie Nel : ` Bulldog ' prosecutor sinks teeth into Oscar Pistorius at murder trial	Prosecution tears into defense expert , leaving him flustered and angry Steenkamp did not have her hand over her head , former cop says The defense is planning to wrap up next week Pistorius says he mistook his girlfriend for an intruder in the middle of the night
CNN  -- Retired pro wrestler "  Macho Man " Randy Savage , 58 , was killed Friday morning in Seminole , Florida , when the Jeep he was driving jumped a median and hit a tree , the Florida Highway Patrol said . His wife , Barbara L. Poffo , 56 , who was in the passenger seat , was injured , the patrol said . She was expected to be released from a hospital , said Highway Patrol Sgt. 1st Class Steve Gaskins . Savage 's real name was Randall Mario Poffo , according to the wrestling federation for which he performed . The couple lived in Seminole , authorities said . An investigation is under way , but a Highway Patrol report said that Randall Poffo "  lost control " of his 2009 Jeep Wrangler for "  unknown reasons " as it was traveling westbound on Florida State Route 694 near 113th Street North in Pinellas County . A Highway Patrol report said Poffo "  may have suffered a medical event ; however , this can not be confirmed until an autopsy is performed . " His vehicle "  traveled over the raised concrete median divider , crossed the eastbound lanes of SR-694 , over the outside curb and collided head-on with a tree , " the report said . Poffo died in Largo Medical Center in Largo , Florida , the Highway Patrol report said . As a pro wrestler , he was known for his catchphrases "  Ooooooh Yeaahhhhh ! " and "  Can you dig it ? " After he retired from wrestling , he became known for his Slim Jim commercials . The wrestling federation and the maker of Slim Jim meat sticks expressed sympathies . "  WWE is saddened to learn of the passing of one of the greatest superstars of his time , Randy Poffo , aka Randy ` Macho Man ' Savage , " the wrestling federation said in a statement . "  Poffo was under contract with WWE from 1985 to 1993 and held both the WWE and Intercontinental championships . Our sincerest condolences go out to his family and friends . We wish a speedy recovery to his wife , Lynn . Poffo will be greatly missed by WWE and his fans . " "  We 're saddened by the loss , " ConAgra Foods , which makes Slim Jims , said in a statement . "  Randy was a beloved ambassador for the Slim Jim brand for many years and will be greatly missed . "	NEW : "  Macho Man " Randy Savage may have suffered "  medical event " behind wheel , authorities say His Jeep jumped a median and slammed into a tree for unknown reasons , authorities say His wife , Barbara , 56 , is injured but is expected to be released from a hospital , police say After he retired from wrestling , he became known for his Slim Jim commercials
CNN  -- No one who works full-time -- in this , one of the wealthiest nations on Earth -- should have to raise a family in poverty . That is the fundamental principle behind our work to increase the national minimum wage . And today , on 10/10 , National Minimum Wage Day , we are saying louder than ever that hard work should be rewarded with fair pay of at least $ 10.10 per hour . Every day for low-wage workers is filled with struggle and anxiety . We have heard from and visited with people making heartbreaking decisions about which bill to pay , which meal to skip , which growing child will get a pair of shoes this season and whether to buy a gallon of milk or a gallon of gas . For many of us , an unexpected car repair is an inconvenience ; for a minimum-wage worker , it is a catastrophe . The national minimum wage of $ 7.25 per hour is unconscionably low . It is an affront to our values , and it has remained unchanged for more than five years . During that time , the cost of food , utilities , transportation and other essentials has gone up , but low-wage workers ' paychecks have remained the same . In fact , the purchasing power of the minimum wage has been eroding steadily  PDF  since its peak in the late 1960s . Today 's minimum wage would have to be well above $ 10 per hour to equal the purchasing power of the minimum wage in 1968 . Too many low-wage workers must rely on public assistance just to keep their heads above water . Raising the minimum wage would allow up to 3.6 million people to come off the food stamp rolls . These workers would have the dignity and satisfaction of buying food with their own paychecks while American taxpayers would no longer have to pony up billions of dollars to subsidize the large companies that build wealth for shareholders on the backs of their workers . Fortunately , many businesses are turning away from this low-road business model . Poll after poll shows that employers -- especially small businesses -- are rallying around $ 10.10 . We 've seen it firsthand in visits to these businesses , where they know that higher wages strengthen their bottom line by increasing employee loyalty , retention and productivity . Businesses also know that they need customers with money in their pockets . When working families get a raise , they do n't stash it in offshore tax havens . They pump it right back into their local economies at the grocery store , hardware store or auto body shop . Increasing the minimum wage boosts consumer demand , growing our economy and helping communities thrive . Henry Ford understood this . A century ago , long before there was a federally mandated minimum wage , he doubled the pay of the workers on his assembly line because he thought they should be able to afford the very cars they were making . He said , "  If we can distribute high wages , then that money is going to be spent and it will serve to make storekeepers and distributors and manufacturers and workers in other lines more prosperous . ... Countrywide high wages spell countrywide prosperity . " We , Sen. Tom Harkin and Rep. George Miller , have offered legislation to increase the national minimum wage to $ 10.10 , which would benefit 28 million workers . Polls show this increase is supported by an overwhelming percentage of Americans across party lines . But unprecedented partisan intransigence in Washington has kept it from moving forward . The Republican leadership of the House of Representatives wo n't even bring the minimum wage bill up for a vote . And this past spring , it was filibustered in the Senate ; a minority of senators refused to even debate this proposal that a strong majority of the American people clearly support . The good news is that many state and local leaders are taking matters into their own hands . Emboldened by grass-roots momentum and a groundswell of public support , they are raising the minimum wage in their own jurisdictions . Thirteen states plus the District of Columbia have done so since the beginning of 2013 , showing once again that sometimes change does n't come from Washington but rather to Washington . President Obama is also using his executive authority to do what he can . Last week , the Labor Department took the final steps to implement the president 's executive order raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 an hour for workers on federal service and construction contracts . Too many of our hardest-working neighbors -- people who prepare our food , stock our grocery shelves , clean our offices , care for our children and seniors and more -- are working harder than ever but falling further behind . Today , on 10/10 , we are proud to fight for them to get $ 10.10 , and we 'll continue to do so every day until we succeed .	Writers : No one who works full-time in the U.S. should have to raise a family in poverty They say purchasing power of minimum wage of $ 7.25 an hour has eroded since 1960s Writers : Raising minimum wage would take up to 3.6 million people off food stamp rolls They say working people would pump money into their local community 's economy
CNN  -- The teenage niece of golf superstar Tiger Woods has failed to make the cut in her first professional tournament . Cheyenne Woods was handed entry into the Wegmans tournament on a sponsor 's invite . Cheyenne Woods was four strokes shy of qualifying for the weekend rounds of the LPGA Tour 's Wegmans event at Locust Hill in Rochester , New York . The 18-year-old had to complete her second round on Saturday along with half of the 140-player field due to delays of almost five hours following thunderstorms in the area . Competing on a sponsor 's invite , the college amateur followed up her opening 75 with a two-over-par 74 to be well down the field . She had been two-under for the round after 10 holes on Friday , but fell back again with a triple-bogey at the par-four 12th before finishing strongly with a birdie . Cheyenne is the daughter of world No. 1 Tiger 's half-brother , Earl Jnr . Defending champion Eun-Hee Ji also missed the cut after completing a 71 which saw her seven over the card . South Korean Shin Jiyai had led by three strokes overnight after posting a 68 which gave her a 36-hole total of 11-under-par 133 . However , Morgan Pressel reduced that advantage to just a single stroke when she picked up two birdies to complete a 66 , leaving her one shot ahead of third-placed fellow American Stacy Lewis .	Cheyenne Woods four strokes shy of qualifying for final rounds of Wegmans event The 18-year-old completed a weather-delayed second round of 74 on Saturday The college amateur opened her debut LPGA Tour tournament with a 75 Playing on sponsor 's invite , she is daughter of Tiger Woods ' half-brother
CNN  -- French air traffic controllers went on strike Tuesday as labor unrest continued to roll across Europe despite the suspension of a strike by Lufthansa pilots after just one day . Half of Tuesday 's flights at Orly Airport in Paris , France , were canceled , along with 25 percent of flights at Charles de Gaulle Airport , as a result of a planned strike by four civil aircraft staff , including air traffic controllers , for Tuesday through Saturday . Authorities at French airports advised passengers to check with their airlines before traveling to airports . The action comes a day after German-based Lufthansa and its pilots ' union agreed to suspend its standoff and return to the bargaining table . The suspension will expire on March 8 , barring an agreement before then , both sides said in a Frankfurt labor court . Also on Monday , British Airways cabin crew voted to strike , although no dates were announced . A planned 12-day walkout by Unite , the union which represents the workers , during the Christmas holidays was blocked by a judge . Are you fed up with all the strikes ? Unite said it is continuing negotiations with the airline . Like Lufthansa pilots , British Airways staff are concerned about wages and job security as larger , older airlines deal with the twin blows of the global recession and increased competition from low-cost carriers . "  These are not mindless militants looking to bring the company down , these are ordinary , decent people who do a highly professional job , and very evidently they have a deep set of grievances , " Len McCluskey , assistant general secretary of Unite told CNN . "  We accept that change is needed and we accept that British Airways is in serious financial trouble ... the problem we 've got is British Airways decided to impose change instead of doing it through negotiations . " Airline industry : Strike , strike , everywhere a strike European airlines were not the only ones hurting . Japan Airlines de-listed its shares from trading in Tokyo Saturday as part of its bankruptcy restructuring . And in Australia , Qantas Airlines announced this week it would eliminate first class travel from its flights . Industry watchers expect to see more industrial actions at airlines across the world . "  The -LSB- airline -RSB- industry is going to be losing approximately $ 10 billion for 2009 , and projected to be over $ 5 billion in 2010 , so you 're going to see a lot more of these kinds of issues crop up as airlines try to cut costs in the face of all these losses , " said Rick Seaney , CEO of Farecompare.com . "  Airlines used to be able to fly with planes a quarter empty , now they have to fill them to capacity , which is causing all kinds of consumer issues as well , which hurts their brand and hurts the industry overall , " Seaney said . Beyond the airline industry , other labor disputes are spilling into industrial action in Europe . French gas giant Total said about 100 of 4,000 gas stations in the country are beginning to run out of fuel as a strike by oil refinery workers enters a second week . And in Spain , trade unions protested on Wednesday in Madrid , Barcelona and Valencia against a government plan to raise the retirement age from 65 to 67 . It was the first major protest by the unions against Socialist Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero since he took office six years ago . Spain is the only major industrial economy still in recession and has one of the European Union 's highest unemployment rates , of 19 percent . For workers under 25 , the jobless rate is 40 percent , the government reports . The government plan to raise the retirement age to 67 aims to prevent , in the coming decades , the pension system from going bust , as Spaniards live longer and collect retirement benefits for longer periods , with a project declining number of workers paying in to the social security system , government officials have said publicly in recent weeks . Widespread strikes are also expected in Greece Wednesday over austerity measures the government plans to implement to cut its large public debt , which has caused stock market jitters and concerns that sovereign debt problems will spill across the world . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report .	French air traffic controllers go on strike Tuesday Lufthansa pilots agreed to suspend their strike until March 8 Striking French oil workers are causing gasoline shortages Widespread strikes are expected Wednesday in Greece ; protests in Spain
CNN  -- For the 19th year in a row , the Heritage Foundation , a conservative American think tank , has ranked the city of Hong Kong the freest economy in the world . Singapore was a close second , however , followed by Australia and New Zealand . Switzerland was ranked fifth . The U.S. , which has the world 's largest economy , was ranked 10th while mainland China -- the world 's second largest economy -- was ranked 136th out of 177 economies on the Index of Economic Freedom , a publication co-sponsored by the Wall Street Journal . However , the editors of the index noted that the global average , which peaked in 2008 , has been in decline . "  The global advance toward economic freedom has ground to a halt , " the index editors said in a new release . "  In the post-Arab Spring Middle East , some democratically elected governments are adopting totalitarian practices reminiscent of revolutionary Iran or the Taliban , " Terry Miller , a director at the Heritage Foundation , wrote in the Wall Street Journal . "  Economic freedom ca n't flourish under the arbitrary rule of authoritarians and despots , and it has declined significantly in Egypt , Tunisia , Algeria and Saudi Arabia , among other countries . " The Index evaluates countries in four broad areas of economic freedom : rule of law , regulatory efficiency , limited government and open markets . The Most Free Economies 2013 1 . Hong Kong 2 . Singapore 3 . Australia 4 . New Zealand 5 . Switzerland 6 . Canada 7 . Chile 8 . Mauritius 9 . Denmark 10 . United States "  Almost all of the most advanced countries lost ground this year , " Miller wrote . "  Even top-ranked Hong Kong saw its score decline due to increased government spending and higher inflation . The United States , ranked only 10th most free in the world this year , joins Ireland as the only advanced economies to have lost economic freedom five years in a row . " While the aggregate global index declined , the scores improved for 91 countries worldwide and decline for 78 , the report noted . The Least Free Economies 2013 168 . Iran 169 . Turkmenistan 170 . Equatorial Guinea 171 . Congo 172 . Myanmar  Burma 173 . Eritrea 174 . Venezuela 175 . Zimbabwe 176 . Cuba 177 . North Korea	Conservative think tank Heritage Foundation ranks Hong Kong the freest economy in the world Singapore , Australia , New Zealand and Switzerland round out top five ; the U.S. is ranked 10th North Korea , Cuba and Zimbabwe ranked the lowest of 177 countries in the 2013 index Countries ranked on rule of law , regulatory efficiency , limited government and open markets
CNN  -- Pete Seeger sang with such a gentle voice that it 's easy to forget how his music drove a fierce , radical movement for change . "  Young people in the civil rights movement began to realize that music was like a weapon you could use , but it was a nonviolent weapon . So you did n't have to feel powerless . You had this weapon , and it was a beautiful song , " said Candie Carawan in a phone interview from her Tennessee home . Her husband , Guy , is one of the musicians , along with Seeger and Frank Hamilton , credited with adapting the song "  We Shall Overcome " from an earlier hymn . They were more vessels than songwriters . They became instruments through which the words of oppressed individuals got a hearing . Seeger , Carawan and others lifted up anonymous voices , and these voices changed the world . For 17 years , I 've been working closely with nonprofit organizations that are advocating for causes . They deploy lots of PowerPoint shows . It 's nearly unimaginable a nonprofit executive would put music front and center in an advocacy campaign . Yet that is what happened in the civil rights movement . And it worked . I called Guy Carawan a few years ago , when he was still granting interviews , to ask him whether the music came to be important through some kind of happy accident , or whether it was intentional . Turns out music was front and center by design . Some of the credit goes to Danish folk schools . That 's where Myles Horton saw firsthand how to deploy culture in training individuals to take on social and political causes . A Tennessee native educated in New York and Chicago , Horton co-founded Highlander Folk School in 1932 . As in the Danish schools he visited , music was central . His wife , Zilphia , classically trained in music , led Highlander 's music program and helped create the anthems we associate with the civil rights movement . Highlander hosted and trained the Mount Rushmore names from the civil rights movement , including the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , Rosa Parks and James Bevel . They mixed with folk musicians such as Seeger and Carawan . And everyone mixed with men and women who would never become famous -- just folks fighting for the right to vote , to move about freely and to speak freely . The right to be recognized as human beings , in short . This pre-Internet caldron of connectivity -- civil rights leaders and musicians and ordinary men and women mixing together in common cause -- scared the dickens out of people who derived power from the status quo . Authorities could arrest people and beat people . They just could n't stop the singing . Carawan taught "  We Shall Overcome " to young people in 1960 at the founding meeting of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee at Shaw University . "  Ella Baker wanted me down there to teach that song , " Carawan said . "  There is power in the words and the songs and the people . " Two weeks before , he had been at Highlander teaching "  We Shall Overcome " to one of the first gatherings of the students who would lead sit-ins . At the same meeting , he taught students to sing "  I 'm Gon na Sit at the Welcome Table " and "  Keep Your Eyes on the Prize . " It all seems so harmless now , these beautiful songs . But singing those songs could result in a beating . Or time in jail . Music was gasoline on the civil rights fire , and Highlander was effectively a music distribution hub . So tiny little Monteagle , Tennessee , home to Highlander , became a threat to the most powerful people in the country . Georgia state officials sent a spy to Monteagle and ran a smear campaign against King . A congressional committee went after Seeger . The state of Tennessee shut down Highlander and seized the land . "  There 's great nostalgia for these songs , " Candie Carawan says . "  They have become part of American culture . But at the time , the songs were threatening . It helped people feel united . " Nothing is more threatening to power than seeing opponents organize . It 's easier to hold off a bunch of unhappy individuals , each isolated and harmless . It 's tougher to resist a bunch of unhappy individuals who unite and work together . Or as Arlo Guthrie describes in his anti-war song "  Alice 's Restaurant , " if one person sings alone , authorities will think he 's crazy . If 50 people sing out together , they will see it 's a movement . "  Pete understood how powerful music could be , " Candie Carawan said this week , reflecting upon his death . "  He thought it could change the world . Not all of us would go that far , but he really believed that . " Seeger described his banjo as a machine that surrounds hate and forces it to surrender . He was right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Bare .	Legendary folk singer Pete Seeger died recently at the age of 94 John Bare says Seeger was part of central role of music in civil rights movement Bare : Leaders such as Martin Luther King Jr. mixed with the singers who spread message Seeger understood the liberating power of music , Bare says
New York  CNN  -- A year after police discovered four bodies dumped along a remote stretch of New York beach , authorities said Tuesday they believe they 've found the body of a missing New Jersey woman whose disappearance triggered the search . "  If it is Shannan Gilbert , then her location is indicative of her trying to make it to the causeway , " situated northeast of where the remains were ultimately found , said Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer . The suspected skeletal remains of Gilbert , 24 , were uncovered in a remote marshland on Long Island 's Oak Beach . Her disappearance in May 2010 prompted a search that has since unearthed 10 sets of human remains strewn across two Long Island counties , leading to national headlines and a hunt for a possible serial killer . A medical examiner is expected to determine whether the remains belong to the Jersey City , New Jersey , resident , whose death authorities have previously said is not likely attributed to the suspected killer . Police cut through a thicket of brush and bramble this week , expanding their search across swampland before uncovering Gilbert 's suspected remains . "  The terrain would have made it impossible for her to get to " Ocean Parkway , Dormer told reporters . Homicide detectives spotted the bones at 9:14 a.m. Tuesday while riding atop "  an amphibious machine " after having drained nearby areas last week in an effort to improve access and visibility . The remains were discovered about a quarter mile away from Gilbert 's pocketbook , which was found last week alongside a cell phone , shoes and a pair of jeans . "  It is certainly a sad day for the Gilbert family , " Dormer added . After Gilbert vanished last year , the search for her led police seven months later to four bodies found along a quarter-mile stretch of Oak Beach . Additional remains were uncovered in subsequent months at neighboring Gilgo Beach and along beachfront property in Nassau County , about 40 miles east of New York City . Like the four victims found last December , Gilbert had advertised prostitution services on websites such as Craigslist . Gilbert 's sisters have said the missing woman was an escort who was visiting a client . They said she ran from the man 's house in a panic , saying someone was trying to hurt her . A man who lives a few miles from where the first set of remains were found told CNN that a young woman who "  looked like she was partying all night " came to his door around 5 a.m. on May 1 , 2010 . "  She was screaming , ` Help me , help me ! ' and said somebody was chasing her , " said resident Gustav Coletti , who called police . The woman then ran off , he said , just before a man drove up in a dark-colored sport utility vehicle and inquired of her whereabouts . "  This may be just a young lady  who  ran into the brush in hysterical state , fell down and expired for some reason , " Dormer said Wednesday . The police commissioner last week announced that the investigation into the other bodies now is concentrated on the possibility of a single serial killer -- a departure from his earlier statements in which he said the bodies could be the work of one or more killers . It is unclear what prompted the change in focus toward one killer .	The remains are found a quarter mile from belongings found last week , police say A medical examiner will determine if the remains are Shannan Gilbert 's The search led to the discovery of other bodies , triggered a hunt for a possible serial killer Remains of others were found on Oak and Gilgo beaches and another location on Long Island
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William asked his girlfriend Kate Middleton to marry him , he said Tuesday , setting up the most anticipated royal wedding since Prince Charles and Diana , princess of Wales , got married nearly 30 years ago . William gave Diana 's sapphire-and-diamond engagement ring to his fiancee when he popped the question during a vacation in Kenya last month , he said . "  It 's my mother 's engagement ring , so of course it 's very special to me , and Kate 's now very special to me , so it was only right to put the two together , " he said Tuesday . "  It was a total shock " when the prince proposed , Middleton said , adding that she was very excited . "  We were out there with friends and things , so I really did n't expect it at all . " The ring , a huge sapphire surrounded by diamonds , was last seen in public on the day Charles and Diana divorced , royal biographer Mark Saunders told CNN . That was in 1996 . William said there was "  no pressure " for Middleton to emulate Diana . "  It 's about carving your own future , " he said . "  No one is trying to fill my mother 's shoes . " The couple seemed happy and relaxed in their first interview after announcing the engagement Tuesday , teasing each other about his cooking and his romanticism , each drawing laughter from the other . Tuesday 's announcement ends years of speculation about whether and when the prince -- who is second in line to the British throne -- would propose to his longtime girlfriend . The prince and Middleton , both 28 , have been dating since 2003 . "  It was the right time and I 'm very glad to have done it , " William said in an appearance with Middleton . "  We 're obviously thrilled , " said William 's father Prince Charles . "  They 've been practicing long enough . " "  They make a lovely couple , they 're great fun to be with and we 've had a lot of laughs together , " said Middleton 's parents , Michael and Carole Middleton . "  We 've got to know William really well . We all think he 's wonderful and we 're extremely fond of him . " The wedding will take place in London in the spring or summer of 2011 , Charles 's office at Clarence House said . It said further details would be announced "  in due course . " "  Prince William and Miss Middleton became engaged in October during a private holiday in Kenya , " the statement said . "  Prince William has informed the queen and other close members of his family . Prince William has also sought the permission of Miss Middleton 's father . "  Following the marriage , the couple will live in north Wales , where Prince William will continue to serve with the Royal Air Force . " William 's grandparents , Queen Elizabeth II and her husband , Prince Philip , are "  absolutely delighted for them both , " Buckingham Palace said . His brother Prince Harry said he was "  delighted that my brother has popped the question ! It means I get a sister , which I have always wanted . " Clarence House refused to say what Middleton will be called after she gets married , saying any styles and titles are at the discretion of the queen . William met Middleton in 2002 when both were students at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland . They started dating a year later . Prince William studied geography and Middleton studied history of art before both graduated in 2005 . William was originally in the same art program but changed to geography ; Middleton was widely credited with persuading him to change course rather than drop out . They first appeared as a couple on a skiing trip in Switzerland while still at the university . British Prime Minister David Cameron said he spoke to Prince William after the news was announced and passed on his congratulations . "  It 's great to have a piece of unadulterated good news that everyone can celebrate , " Cameron said . "  I 'm sure it will be something where the country will come together . ... It 's two young people who love each other who 've made this decision , and it 's a fantastically important and exciting moment for them , too . " Middleton grew up in Bucklebury , England , a small village about 45 miles west of central London . Her parents are millionaire entrepreneurs who run Party Pieces , an online children 's party supplies business . After university , Middleton worked in London as an accessories buyer for the British clothing chain Jigsaw but left the company in late 2007 . Media reports said she was interested in opening a photography gallery . She is working now with her parents ' business , she said . Prince William has a military career and is active in several charities . In September , he graduated from a military search-and-rescue training course and was posted to RAF Valley , the station on the island of Anglesey in north Wales . He is known as Flight Lieutenant Wales within the RAF . Middleton lives with her fiance at a house in Anglesey , giving them some privacy from the press and paparazzi , said Eve Pollard , a former editor of the Sunday Mirror newspaper . The choice of 2011 as the year for the wedding makes sense , she said , because two major events are already scheduled for the following year . The Olympic Games take place in London in 2012 , the same year the queen plans to celebrate her Diamond Jubilee , marking 60 years on the throne . "  Next year was always marked in as the year , " Pollard said . Nicholas Davies , the author of "  William : The Rebel Prince , " said he thinks William was pressured to come through with the engagement . "  I do believe this came down from the queen and Prince Philip , who is still a very strong character despite his venerable age , " Davies told CNN . "  They would have said , ` This has gone on long enough . The press knows you 're getting married . It 's about time you came out and made it known . ' " As for when in 2011 the couple will marry , Clarence House refused to speculate . Bookmakers Paddy Power on Tuesday were offering 3-1 odds on August 13 , 2011 , being the wedding date , and 4-1 odds on August 6 . It said Saturday , July 30 , was less likely , at 10-1 odds , because it falls just a day after the 30th anniversary of the wedding of Charles and Diana . The location for the wedding was also being kept secret , though Richard Fitzwilliams , a public relations consultant and royal commentator , told CNN he expects it to happen at Westminster Abbey , probably in July . William and Middleton broke up in April 2007 , despite widespread speculation even then that they were close to marriage . The split was said to be amicable , with the couple determined to remain friends , and the two appeared together in the royal box at Wembley Stadium that July for the Concert for Diana , a charity event to remember William 's mother 10 years after her death . The pair were seen together several more times that summer and were dating again by the end of the year . Middleton 's family is seen as upper-middle class . Such a background bodes well for her future role at the side of the future king , according to Lady Colin Campbell , who wrote a biography of Princess Diana . "  The problem with recent royal brides who were aristocratic is that they thought they were doing the royal family a favor by marrying them , " she told CNN , "  while the middle-class girls like Sophie Wessex , the countess of Wessex  married to Prince Charles ' brother , Edward  , and Kate Middleton understand that to be royal requires some sacrifice , and they do not suffer from folie de grandeur -LSB- delusion of greatness -RSB- the way aristocratic girls evidently do nowadays . " William biographer Davies , however , said he feels the opposite about Middleton , who he said lacks the "  charisma " shown by William 's mother . "  Remember that this young lady has no royal connections whatsoever , and that can be a danger , " he said . But journalist Pollard said William chose his bride carefully . "  I think the queen 's understood that it 's very important for William to make a happy marriage , " Pollard told CNN . "  He watched his parents be unhappy , and the fact that they -LSB- William and Middleton -RSB- have stayed together for so long and they have been together for so long rather proves that they get on very well . " CNN 's Melissa Gray and Phil Han in London , England ; Dan Rivers in Dorset , England ; and Michael Pearson and Arthur Brice in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	NEW : William 's brother Harry is delighted to be getting a sister at last , he says Both the ring and Kate are "  special to me , " the prince says The engagment ring his mother , Diana , wore was last seen in public in 1996 The wedding is planned for the spring or summer of 2011
