CNN  -- It is true many Iraqis celebrated the fall of Saddam Hussein but few expected they would be held hostage to policies over which they -- the Iraqi people -- had no say but for which they would still have to pay the price . It is nearly impossible to put into words what this nation has gone through , the bloodshed , the psychological impact of living nine years of war -- a war that is n't over yet . Nahla al-Nadawi , like tens of thousands of other Iraqis , knows the bitter cold feel of death too well . "  I have the courage to say that I was happy when the Americans arrived , but then I have hundreds of questions , " Nahla says . "  Why did the Americans make so many mistakes ? Was it out of ignorance about Iraq or was it deliberate ? " "  The Americans are leaving us fragile . They have n't even planted the seeds that would give us hope that we are heading towards democracy , rule of law and civil society , " she says . Her husband , Mohammed , was killed in a bombing back in 2007 . He was a doctor , and the couple had returned to Iraq following the fall of Saddam Hussein because they felt their country needed them . There were 10 bodies , charred and melted together at the morgue that day in April . Nahla had to identify the man she calls the love of her life from a pin in his knee . "  Suddenly this scorched thing is the same thing that used to be a beating heart , standing next to you in life , " she told us , pain etched across her face . Those steps towards the hospital morgue played out over and over again in her mind . "  I remember a blue colored sheet covering something . At one end the pigtails of a little girl with red ribbons , on the other a tiny foot . The sheet was drenched in blood . At that moment I forgot why I was standing there , I was crying for all those other people , " she says . Looking at photos from 2007 Nahla says it 's as if she was wearing a cloak of death . Life back then became black and white . Now its bursting with color again , but inside she says she still carries the pain . Her nine-year-old son Ussayid is her source of happiness . He 's autistic , but just this year transferred from a special needs school into a regular one . But even he ca n't escape the pervasiveness of death . Every morning he recites a list of people who died and how , starting with his father . She says : "  And when he draws , he draws a cloud and rain and then paints over it all with black , " Nahla says . "  This child who seems happy on the surface carries a darkness inside because of the death of his father , the death of so many of our friends . "  I love people , I love them so much . If I have someone in the car with me , as soon as they leave , I put my hand down to feel the heat left by their body , to feel life . " Standing next to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki last week , President Barack Obama congratulated the Iraqi leader . "  The prime minister leads Iraq 's most inclusive government yet , " he said . In his address to troops at Fort Bragg , Obama heralded the end of the war as a "  moment of success . " But success is hardly a word most Iraqis , even those who rabidly opposed Saddam Hussein , would associate with the U.S. war in Iraq . One is hard pressed to find a family that has n't lost a loved one be it to American bombs , attacks by al Qaeda and other insurgent groups , or the sectarian bloodletting that tore this nation apart . The majority of the Iraqi population is still struggling to come to terms with the rampant violence that shattered entire communities and turned neighbor on neighbor as streets they once used to laugh and share jokes in turned into battlefields . The Iraqi government began to show signs of crumbling even before the last U.S. soldier left Iraqi soil . The Iraqiya bloc headed by former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi announced Saturday that it was suspending its participation in parliament because of a lack of power-sharing . The bloc accuses Prime Minister al-Maliki of consolidating power . Al-Maliki still holds full control over the security portfolio which includes the ministries of defense and interior . Furthermore , since the end of October the Iraqi security forces have rounded up hundreds of people it accuses of being Ba'athists and terrorists . Iraqiya says the majority of those people are its members or supporters and charges that al-Maliki is simply taking out his opponents one by one . Ali al-Mussawi , media adviser to the prime minister , told CNN Saturday that the government had confessions linking Tareq al-Hashimi , the Sunni vice president and a member of Iraqiya , to bombings . But no more information was made public and no arrest warrant was issued , amid warnings that such a move would certainly thrust the country towards yet another violent abyss . A few days earlier , another ranking Sunni , Deputy Prime Minister Saleh al-Mutlaq , told CNN that al-Maliki was nothing less than a dictator himself adding : "  Al-Maliki is playing a game between Iran and the U.S. . There will be a day when the U.S. realizes that they were deceived by al-Maliki and they will regret that . " According to Iraqi state TV , al-Maliki -- who heads the rival predominantly Shia bloc -- is asking parliament for a no confidence vote to remove al-Mutlaq from power . The Iraqi people continue to be the victim of both their own country 's policies and those of the country -- America -- that directly or indirectly promised them a better life after Saddam Hussein . Mona Adnan , 29 , moans as she lies in bed in her dark room . She can no longer get up on her own . "  I just want my leg , I do n't want anything else , " she sobs as her elderly father wipes the tears off her face . "  I do n't even have money for medication . My family is poor , we have to pay rent , my mother and father are sick . " Mona used to work just outside her home selling hot sugary tea . She was the sole breadwinner for her impoverished family but a month ago a bomb ripped through the marketplace blowing off one of her legs . There are hundreds of thousands of war wounded , and according to the Ministry of Health , about 25 percent of them are amputees . "  What did this girl do to deserve this ? " her father laments , tears welling in his eyes . "  What has she done , what ? Her whole future is gone . " The war may be over , but only for America . In the moments after the last American convoy departed from Iraq , one of our Iraqi colleagues , echoing a thought we 'd heard time and time again , said : "  We thank the U.S. for getting rid of Saddam , but not for anything that happened afterwards . "	While the war is over for America , Iraq must deal with a country still racked by violence Iraqis must heal the scars left by nine years of war that left more than 100,000 dead The Iraqi government has shown signs of crumbling even before the last U.S. soldier left
Washington  CNN  -- Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 made drastic changes in altitude and direction after disappearing from civilian radar , U.S. officials told CNN on Friday , raising questions for investigators about just who was at the controls of the commercial jetliner that went missing one week ago with 239 people on board . The more the United States learns about the flight 's pattern , "  the more difficult to write off " the idea that some type of human intervention was involved , one of the officials familiar with the investigation said . The revelation comes as CNN has learned that a classified analysis of electronic and satellite data suggests the flight likely crashed either in the Bay of Bengal or elsewhere in the Indian Ocean . The analysis conducted by the United States and Malaysian governments may have narrowed the search area for the jetliner that vanished en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing , leaving little trace of where it went or why . The analysis used radar data and satellite pings to calculate that the plane diverted to the west , across the Malayan peninsula , and then either flew in a northwest direction toward the Bay of Bengal or southwest into the Indian Ocean . The theory builds on earlier revelations by U.S. officials that an automated reporting system on the airliner was pinging satellites for up to five hours after its last reported contact with air traffic controllers . Inmarsat , a satellite communications company , confirmed to CNN that automated signals were registered on its network . Taken together , the data point toward speculation of a dark scenario in which someone took control of the plane for some unknown purpose , perhaps terrorism . That theory is buoyed by word from a senior U.S. official familiar with the investigation that the Malaysia Airlines plane made several significant altitude changes and altered its course more than once after losing contact with flight towers . The jetliner was flying "  a strange path , " the official said on condition of anonymity . The details of the radar readings were first reported by The New York Times on Friday . Malaysian military radar showed the plane climbing to 45,000 feet soon after disappearing from civilian radar screens and then dropping to 23,000 feet before climbing again , the official said . The question of what happened to the jetliner has turned into one of the biggest mysteries in aviation history , befuddling industry experts and government officials . Suggestions have ranged from a catastrophic explosion to sabotage to hijacking to pilot suicide . The sabotage theory got a boost Friday from The Wall Street Journal , which reported investigators increasingly suspect the plane 's communications systems were manually switched off . Investigators are trying to determine whether the satellite communications system that pinged for hours stopped functioning because "  something catastrophic happened or someone switched off " the system , the newspaper reported , citing an unnamed person familiar with the jet 's last known position . The pings stopped at a point over the Indian Ocean , while the jetliner was flying at a normal cruising altitude , according to the newspaper . Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 : What we know and do n't know Movie-plot theory Then there 's the theory that maybe Flight 370 landed in a remote Indian Ocean island chain . The suggestion -- and it 's only that at this point -- is based on analysis of radar data revealed Friday by Reuters suggesting that the plane was n't just blindly flying northwest from Malaysia . Reuters , citing unidentified sources familiar with the investigation , reported that whoever was piloting the vanished jet was following navigational waypoints that would have taken the plane over the Andaman Islands . The radar data do n't show the plane over the Andaman Islands , but only on a known route that would take it there , Reuters cited its sources as saying . The movie-plot theory seems more complicated and unlikely than one in which the plane -- its flight crew perhaps incapacitated -- simply flew on until it ran out of fuel or faced some other problem . But it 's one that law enforcement has to check out , former FBI Assistant Director James Kallstrom said . Timeline of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Aviation experts say it 's possible , if highly unlikely , that someone could have hijacked and landed the giant Boeing 777 undetected . The international airport in Port Blair , the regional capital of the Andaman and Nicobar islands , has a runway that is long enough to accommodate a 777 , according to publicly available data . But the region is highly militarized because of its strategic importance to India , Indian officials with knowledge of the operation tell CNN , making it an unlikely target for pirates trying to sneak in an enormous airplane with a wingspan of more than 200 feet . Denis Giles , editor of the Andaman Chronicle newspaper , says there 's just nowhere to land such a big plane in his archipelago without attracting notice . "  There is no chance , no such chance , that any aircraft of this size can come towards Andaman and Nicobar Islands and land , " he said . The Malaysian government said Friday that it ca n't confirm the report . And a senior U.S. official offered a conflicting account Thursday , telling CNN that "  there is probably a significant likelihood " the plane is on the bottom of the Indian Ocean . Among the things being considered is whether lithium batteries in the cargo hold , which have been blamed in previous crashes , played a role in the disappearance , according to U.S. officials briefed on the latest developments in the investigation . The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to release details to the media . If the batteries being carried on the plane caused a fire , it still does n't fully explain other anomalies with Flight 370 , the officials say . What is a transponder ? Details of the search Malaysian officials , who are coordinating the search , said Friday that the hunt for the plane was spreading deeper into both the Indian Ocean and the South China Sea . India has deployed assets from its navy , coast guard and air force to the south Andaman Sea to take part in the search , the country 's Ministry of Defense said Friday . Indian search teams are combing large areas of the archipelago . Two aircraft are searching land and coastal areas of the island chain from north to south , an Indian military spokesman said Friday , and two coast guard ships have been diverted to search along the islands ' east coast . Indian officials are also including part of the Bay of Bengal in their search , officials said . As of Friday , 57 ships and 48 aircraft from 13 countries were involved in the search , Hishammuddin Hussein , the minister in charge of defense and transportation , said at a news briefing . China , which said it would be extending its search , said crews have searched more than 27,000 square miles  about 70,000 square kilometers  of the South China Sea without finding anything . On Friday , the United States sent the destroyer USS Kidd to scout the Indian Ocean as the search expands into that body of water . "  I , like most of the world , really have never seen anything like this , " Cmdr. William Marks of the U.S. 7th Fleet said of the scale of the search . "  It 's pretty incredible . " "  It 's a completely new game now , " he said . "  We went from a chess board to a football field . " Malaysia Airlines : The pilots of the missing plane Other developments â $ cents "  Seafloor event " : Chinese researchers say they recorded a "  seafloor event " in waters around Malaysia and Vietnam about an hour and a half after the missing plane 's last known contact . The event was recorded in a non-seismic region about 116 kilometers  72 miles  northeast of the plane 's last confirmed location , the University of Science and Technology of China said . "  Judging from the time and location of the two events , the seafloor event may have been caused by MH370 crashing into the sea , " said a statement posted on the university 's website . However , U.S. Geological Survey earthquake scientist Harley Benz said Friday that the event appeared to be consistent with a naturally occurring 2.7-magnitude earthquake . â $ cents Malaysian response : Authorities continued to defend their response to the crash . "  A normal investigation becomes narrower with time , I understand , as new information focuses the search , " Hussein said . "  But this is not a normal investigation . In this case , the information we have forces us to look further and further afield . " However , Bob Francis , a former National Transportation Safety Board official , is one of several experts who have questioned how Malaysian authorities have handled the situation . "  The Malaysians are not doing a superb job of running this investigation , " he said . "  And they apparently give you some information , and then they withhold information . How much are they relying on and listening to the Europeans and the NTSB who are there with more expertise ? I do n't know , but I think you know we 've got a mixture of a very strange situation that happens to be in an environment , a regulatory environment , that really is n't capable or is n't running an investigation the way it should be run . " How you can help find the plane Barbara Starr reported from Washington , Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Michael Pearson , Evan Perez , Jim Sciutto , Mike M. Ahlers , Pamela Brown , Aaron Cooper , Brian Walker , Harmeet Shah Singh and Karen Chiu contributed to this report .	Report : Investigators suspect communications were manually switched off More investigators learn , "  the more difficult to write off " human intervention , official says Malaysian military radar shows drastic altitude changes , an official says A classified analysis calculates the flight crashed into the Indian Ocean , CNN learns
CNN  -- American investigators reviewing a hard drive belonging to the captain of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have found that there were deletions of information even closer to the final flight than first indicated by Malaysian officials , U.S. law enforcement officials tell CNN . The forensic search of the computer files by government experts found files were removed even after February 3 , the date Malaysian authorities have cited for when some data was cleared from the drive of the captain . Investigators are examining the contents of drives belonging to both pilots . Copies of the hard drives are at the FBI 's forensics lab facilities in Quantico , Virginia , and one is being analyzed with the assistance of consultants the FBI uses to help analyze such electronic data . It 's not clear why Malaysian officials cited the February 3 date and if they knew of the other deletions . The type of software used for flight simulation takes up a lot of room in hard drives and investigators believe that could be one reason for deletion of files . It 's possible too that some damage could have been done during the first examinations done by Malaysian investigators . Law enforcement officials say that they are n't drawing any conclusions about the subsequent deletions , or the earlier ones , just two days into reviewing the hard drive contents , which officials described as a large volume of data . More could n't be learned about the nature of the deletions , and who made them . Some senior U.S. counterterrorism officials say that an accident is the leading operative theory as cause for the disappearance of Flight 370 . That 's because there is no other information indicating foul play . "  Barring other information to suggest otherwise one has to first think this was a tragic accident , " a U.S. law enforcement official said . But investigators have not ruled out terrorism or other theories . Investigators have focused on the pilots because of the lack of any other information . But there is n't proof that they did anything wrong . U.S. investigators have compiled profiles of the two pilots , based on interviews with friends , neighbors and family members conducted by Malaysian investigators , and on a search of their online activities , U.S. officials say . Those interviews have n't turned up anything that could suggest any explanations for the plane 's disappearance . U.S. investigators also are concerned about the preservation of evidence in Malaysia . Malaysian authorities waited six days to search the pilots ' homes . This was enough time , U.S. officials believe , for someone who had access to the homes perhaps to have tampered with evidence . They do n't know if there was any tampering but it is a worry because Malaysian officials did n't appear to secure evidence immediately . U.S. officials say they understand that there are Malaysian legal restrictions and requirements for probable cause before such searches . The difference in procedures is a common issue in international investigations such as this .	U.S. investigators found evidence files deleted even after February 3 Leading U.S. theory is disappearance was result of accident U.S. has compiled profile of pilot and co-pilot
London  CNN  -- Whatever U.S. and European leaders may say , it seems clear a majority of the residents of Crimea were only too happy to abandon Ukraine and join the Russian Federation . The referendum held there on Sunday was illegal according to Ukrainian constitutional law and took place under duress , following the large-scale incursion of "  pro-Russian forces " -- and voters did not have the choice to say "  no " to severing ties with Kiev . But these failings aside , it appears plain that most of Crimea 's population , with the exception of the Tatar minority and some ethnic Ukrainians , was content to return to what it regards as its ancestral home . The crucial turnout figures of up to 83 % are suspect and may well be inflated . But independent reporting of enthusiastic celebrations suggested the overall outcome genuinely reflected popular wishes -- and was crudely democratic . For this reason , it is unwise of U.S. President Barack Obama and his European counterparts to declare they will "  never " recognize the Crimean result . This crisis erupted when anti-Russian opposition forces in Kiev overthrew the country 's democratically-elected president , Viktor Yanukovych . This action , too , was illegal under Ukraine 's constitutional law and had little support in Crimea . But it was swiftly endorsed by Washington and in European capitals . Now , faced by the pro-Russian opposition 's rebound success in Crimea and a political result he does not like , Obama cries foul and refuses to accept the outcome . He can not have it both ways . In his telephone conversation with Obama on Sunday , Russian President Vladimir Putin quoted the "  Kosovo precedent , " a reference to the recognition by the U.S. and several European states  but not Russia  of a 2008 declaration of independence by the provincial assembly in Pristina , even though Kosovo was then still a part of Serbia . The unrepentant Russian president 's slightly disingenuous question to Obama was : So what 's the difference ? The right of self-determination of peoples is guaranteed under Chapter One of the U.N. Charter . In South Sudan  which became independent in 2011  , in East Timor , in Croatia and Montenegro and various other Balkan states , the U.S. and its allies have upheld and encouraged this principle . A similar process is currently underway in Scotland . If Catalonia enjoyed a similar freedom , it would quite possibly part company with Spain . The answer given by Western governments when confronted with the "  Kosovo precedent " is that each case is different and indeed , unique , and must therefore be treated on its separate merits . But this , too , is a slightly spurious argument , akin to the hypothesis which states that my invasion of a country  Iraq or Afghanistan , for example  is legally and morally justified , whereas your invasion is not . In pragmatic as well as theoretical terms , it is a mistake to make of the assisted , hurried but essentially voluntary secession of Crimea a major issue of principle on which there can "  never " be compromise . It will obscure the bigger picture . The key challenge for Obama and the EU is not the fate of Crimea per se , but what its destabilising departure implies for the future of Ukraine as a whole and for the wider region . The sanctions and other punishments now being prepared for Russia in Washington and Brussels should pivot on what Moscow does or does not do next , most especially in the cities of eastern Ukraine where additional , large ethnic Russian populations live but so too do many non-Russian Ukrainians . This pre-emptive policy should also apply to Moldova  which has a breakaway , pro-Russian region known as Transnistria  , to the Baltic states , and to Georgia , where Putin might be tempted to intrude again . Putin was left in a minority of one at the U.N. Security Council at the weekend because Chapter One of the U.N. Charter also states the following : "  All members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state . " Whether Putin has absolutely contravened this principle in Crimea may be open to debate . But eastern Ukraine , with its mixed populations , heritage and loyalties , is a different matter altogether -- which even China , which did not support Moscow at the U.N. , understands . If an emboldened Putin now makes the mistake of thinking he can extend his modern-day form of rolling Anschluss into these areas , he must be knocked back very hard indeed . That means going much further , and acting much tougher , than the rather feeble travel and visa bans now being discussed will allow . An Iran-style sanctions regime blocking energy exports , investment , banking and other mainstream business and commercial activities such as arms sales would be more appropriate . So , too , would be direct U.S. and European military assistance to Kiev , as proposed by Senator John McCain . Judging by his behaviour in Chechnya and elsewhere since he first became Russia 's prime minister in 1999 , Putin is a bully with a massive inferiority complex who responds to strength , not weakness . When Obama stresses that diplomatic solutions can still be found , as he did on Sunday , Putin reads that as fear . You can almost hear the snigger . The only way to stop this strutting menace , if he continues to over-reach , is to frighten him right back -- and if necessary , help create the conditions inside Russia in which he and his ugly , reactionary regime are brought down . Read more : Ignore Western hypocrisy , Putin will do what he wants Read more : Crimea 's vote : Was it legal ? Read more : CNN Money : Russians spend billions on Europe deals The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Tisdall .	Voters in Crimea overwhelmingly back a resolution to leave Ukraine and join Russia Backlash against the decision in U.S. , EU , with sanctions , travel bans suggested Simon Tisdall : Barack Obama unwise to declare U.S. will "  never " recognize Crimea vote Tisdall says West needs to frighten Vladimir Putin , to prevent him moving in to other regions
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- The trail of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev has led investigators to the New Hampshire home of a former Chechen rebel living in exile , a law enforcement official told CNN on Friday . FBI agents interviewed Musa Khadjimuradov and searched his Manchester home this week , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . While the official did not detail what investigators uncovered during the search or the contents of the interview , Khadjimuradov indicated in an e-mailed statement to CNN that he was questioned about his contact with dead suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Authorities have cast a wide net in the investigation into the Boston bombings , examining everything from the suspects ' movements to people they knew , to determine whether Tamerlan Tsarnaev or his younger brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , received help in carrying out the attack . "  I am sure the FBI knows by now that I have nothing to do with the terrible act in Boston , " Khadjimuradov said in the statement . "  I would like to state that I barely knew the Tsarnaev family , and only met them for the first time after we moved to the U.S. . During the very few encounters , which were initiated by Tsarnaev , we have never discussed political or religious issues , so I could never guess what ideas were in their minds . " What we know about Chechnya Khadjimuradov , 36 , said this week was the second time he has been questioned by federal authorities about his relationship with the elder Tsarnaev , who visited his home about three weeks before the April 15 bombings that left three dead and hundreds wounded . Investigators first talked to him on April 29 , he said . In an interview this week with Voice of America , Khadjimuradov said he believes federal investigators questioned him because they wanted to know whether Tsarnaev had used a shooting range in the area . "  Because they say he has shooting practice here in New Hampshire . That 's like two or three times . So he bought fireworks here , from New Hampshire , you know ? And he buy some ammunition for guns here in New Hampshire . And before the attack , like three or four weeks , he came to my house , " he said . Suspect : Boston bombing was payback for hits on Muslims "  So now I believe they 're thinking like he was coming here to New Hampshire and that I try to help him or something . " He told Voice of America that he met Tamerlan Tsarnaev at a Chechen Society gathering in Boston in 2006 , he had seen him only three times in three years , and the discussions were never about religion or politics . What was Tamerlan doing in Russia ? "  Nothing . Never . He never talking about the religious , politics or anything like that to me , " he said . Authorities have said the surviving Tsarnaev brother told investigators that no one else was involved . In addition to questions about how the bombings were carried out , investigators have been trying to determine how the Tsarnaev brothers were allegedly radicalized . Authorities have said they believe the brothers acted alone , but are investigating whether they could have learned from or been aided by terror groups , including groups overseas . The Tsarnaev brothers , ethnic Chechens , lived in Kyrgyzstan and Dagestan in Russia 's volatile North Caucasus region , where Islamic insurgency has taken hold in a fight for independence . Troubled North Caucasus region plagued by violence Of particular interest has been Tamerlan 's 2012 trip to the semi-autonomous Russian republic of Dagestan , home to numerous Islamic militant groups that have warred against Moscow 's rule . Russian authorities asked U.S. officials to investigate Tamerlan before the trip , saying they believed he was becoming increasingly involved with radical Islam . The FBI investigated , but found no evidence of extremist activity , FBI Director Robert Mueller told a Senate committee . In his statement , Khadjimuradov said he understood why authorities wanted to talk to him and that he fully cooperated . "  These guys need to do everything they can to solve this case , so they can prevent anything like this horror from happening again , " it said . Khadjimuradov , who relocated to the United States in 2004 as a refugee , has said he served as one of the bodyguards for Akhmed Zakayev , a Chechen separatist leader wanted by Russia . Zakayev , who now lives in London , did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Khadjimuradov told Voice of America and The New York Times he was paralyzed after being shot in the back by Russian security forces in 2001 . Opinion : Suspects ' culture of migration and machismo CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Musa Khadjimuradov , 36 , says he has been questioned twice by the FBI He says investigators are asking about one of the Boston bombings suspects "  I am sure the FBI knows by now that I have nothing to do with the terrible act , " he says Khadjimuradov says he knew Tamerlan Tsarnaev only in passing
Moscow  CNN  -- Russia will lift its grain export ban on July 1 this year , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin announced Saturday . Putin made the announcement at his country residence during a meeting with Viktor Zubkov , his deputy in charge of agriculture . The meeting was shown on Russian state TV . The temporary ban has been in effect since Aug. 15 , 2010 , following an unprecedented six-week heat wave and drought that wiped out crops in many farming areas . The 2010 grain harvests amounted to just 60.9 million tons -- a staggering 37 % drop from 2009 , according to the Russian Agriculture Ministry . Russia -- which had been the world 's third-largest wheat exporter -- stopped all exports of wheat , rye , barley and corn , as well as flour , boosting a sharp increase in world grain prices . Despite a late spring , sowing in most regions is going well , and a good harvest is expected this year , Zubkov said . "  We are lifting the grain export ban from July 1 this year , but I am asking you to work most actively , as you did in recent years , and ensure the work of the agriculture ministry , other government departments and financial institutions so as to support our agricultural producers in this difficult period , and the sowing campaign , which is not fully over yet , let alone the harvesting , " Putin said . "  You should very carefully monitor what is happening in this economic sector that it so important for us and , using all our mechanisms , support agricultural producers , " Putin told Zubkov . "  The lifting of the export ban is one of the measures to support agricultural producers who today have an export potential , " Putin said . The government forecast for the 2011 wheat crop has been set at about 85 million tons , and agriculture experts estimate that with the grain export ban lifted , Russia may export 10 to 13 million tons of grain in 2011 , mostly wheat .	Russia had poor grain harvests in 2010 The outlook looks better this year Prime minister announces lifting of export ban
CNN  -- An Arizona woman is accused of injecting feces-laced fluid into her 66-year-old husband 's IV as the couple was alone in his recovery room following his surgery , police said . Rosemary Vogel , 65 , of Sun Lakes , was arrested after a warning alarm on the IV monitor sounded Thursday . She is now charged with attempted first-degree murder and vulnerable adult abuse , according to police and CNN affiliate KTVK . Her husband , whose name was n't released by authorities , is expected to survive as he recovers in Chandler Regional Medical Center , said Sgt. Joe Favazzo . KTVK reported that Vogel is a registered nurse and was a hospital employee at one time , according to the probable cause statement written by police . Vogel 's attorney could n't immediately be reached for comment . "  This is the first that I 've heard where fecal matter has been injected into an IV system , " Favazzo told KTVK . After the IV monitor alarm sounded , the hospital staff entered the recovery room and found Vogel manipulating her husband 's IV , police said . The hospital found a brown substance in the IV line and immediately removed it from his arm , police said . Vogel allegedly tried to drain the fluid from the line into a waste basket , but a nurse intervened , police said . A test revealed the fluid contained fecal matter , police said . Vogel 's purse contained three more syringes . Two of them contained fluid , and the third appeared to have trace amounts of fecal matter , police said . Police do n't have a motive , Favazzo said . CNN 's John Newsome and Adam Shivers contributed to this report .	Rosemary Vogel , 65 , is charged with attempted first-degree murder A nurse , she allegedly put feces-laced fluid into her 66-year-old husband 's IV The couple was in his recovery room following his surgery "  This is the first that I 've heard where fecal matter has been injected into an IV , " officer says
CNN  -- Football 's big game is coming to the small screen . For the first time ever the Super Bowl , along with some postseason NFL games , will be streamed online and through the league 's mobile apps , the NFL and partner Verizon Wireless announced Tuesday . The upcoming wild card games , the Pro Bowl and the Super Bowl -- TV 's most-watched annual event -- will be streamed for free to computers on NFL.com and NBCSports.com . NBC 's live stream will run different ads from those on TV , but Super Bowl viewers will be able to pull up the TV commercials on demand through the website shortly after they air , an NBC Sports spokesman said . On phones and tablets , Verizon is the only cellular carrier that offers NFL games through an exclusive deal . Verizon smartphones with a high-speed 4G LTE data plan can stream the games through the NFL Mobile app for free , a spokeswoman for the carrier said . Mobile devices with 3G service , such as the iPhone , iPad or older smartphones , require a $ 10-per-month Verizon Video subscription , she said . The NFL does not stream most games for free during the regular season . NBC began streaming Sunday Night Football games through its sports website three years ago . NBC announced last week that it had extended its contract with the NFL through 2022 . The playoffs start on January 7 . The Super Bowl will be played on February 5 in Indianapolis .	The NFL 's wild-card playoff games , Pro Bowl and Super Bowl will be streamed online The games will be available on NFL.com or NBCSports.com Verizon customers also will be able to get the games on their phones and tablets
CNN  They came by the thousands -- in France and in Israel -- to cry , to honor and never to forget . Mourners on Tuesday remembered beloved sons and daughters who became terrorist targets in three attacks last week in France . They died at the hands of three Islamist extremists who tried to use religion to justify their slaughter . "  He was killed by false Muslims , " said Malek Merabet , whose brother Ahmed -- also a Muslim -- was one of three French police officers killed in the attacks . "  One must not confuse extremists with Muslims . Mad people have neither color nor religion . " French authorities on Friday killed the three people directly behind the wave of terror . It began two days earlier with the massacre of 12 at the offices of the satirical Charlie Hebdo magazine ; continued Thursday with police officer Clarissa Jean-Philippe 's slaying in the Paris suburb of Montrouge ; and climaxed the next day with a hostage siege at a kosher grocery store that killed four . Since then , many around the globe have joined France in rallying against the Islamist terror threat . That spirit was evident Sunday in Paris when world leaders joined an estimated 1.5 million people marching in defiance of the killers and in solidarity with one another . But if Sunday was a day for unity , Tuesday was a day to grieve . That 's what happened in Jerusalem , where Israeli leaders joined thousands to remember the four victims of the eastern Paris grocery store siege and to support their loved ones as they were buried . The four men -- Philippe Braham , Yohan Cohen , Yoav Hattab and François-Michel Saada -- were shot dead Friday . "  I 'm crying , " Braham 's wife told the mourners . "  But I know that you all cry with me . " At a ceremony 2,000 miles away in Paris , French President François Hollande posthumously gave the Legion d'Honneur to Merabet , Jean-Philippe and Franck Brinsolaro , laying medals on the coffins of all three slain police officers . Merabet was buried later Tuesday , while the other two will be laid to rest in the coming days . "  They shared one desire : that of protecting their citizens , " Hollande said . "  They had one ideal : that of serving the republic . They died in accomplishing their mission with courage , with bravery , with dignity . "  They died as police officers . " At Tuesday 's ceremony , Hollande spoke about the three officers individually as well as their shared profession and values . Brinsolaro was a protection officer for Charlie Hebdo 's editor , Stéphane Charbonnier , who was also killed Wednesday . "  He had become one of those policemen especially trained to ensure the safety , the security of people who are particularly vulnerable , " Hollande said . And Jean-Philippe was responding to a traffic accident when she was killed by a gunman suspected in last week 's terror attacks . "  She was cowardly shot in the back , " Hollande said . "  How can one justify that one can kill so cowardly a young woman of 26 years of age , with all the future before her devoted to others ? " Hollande spoke of the "  wonderful future " Merabet had ahead of him before his horrific death , which was caught on video -- with a gunman walking right up to him as he lay sprawled on the ground , then opening fire . Merabet was laid to rest at the Bobigny Islamic cemetery in a Paris suburb after a brief ceremony . Mourners applauded other police officers on hand and watched as Merabet 's coffin -- draped in a French flag -- was carried to the grave site . One target of the terrorists -- Charlie Hebdo , the magazine -- will live on . "  There is a future , " said Gerard Briard , the magazine 's editor-in-chief , "  but we do n't know yet what it will resemble .  But  there will be no interruption . In two weeks ' time , there will be another edition of Charlie Hebdo . " The publication -- known for its provocative jabs at religion , politics , society and more -- went to the presses Tuesday for the first time since the attack . Three million copies will be printed , up from the usual 60,000 , in several languages , including Arabic . The issue will hit newsstands Wednesday . This time , the cover features a drawing of a frowning Prophet Mohammed with a teardrop coming from his eye . "  All is Forgiven , " the cover headline says in French . Charlie Hebdo puts Mohammed on its new cover In the prophet 's hands , a sign says , "  Je suis Charlie " -- or "  I am Charlie , " the phrase adopted around the world in protest of the attacks . The UK-based Ramadhan Foundation condemned such depictions of Mohammed as offensive to "  millions of Muslims around the world . " Yet cartoonist Renald Luzier told reporters Tuesday that the new edition 's cover felt appropriate to him , adding that he cried after finishing it . "  I 'm sorry that I 've drawn him again , but the Mohammed that we 've drawn " is , above all , a Mohammed who is crying , said Luzier , who goes by the pen name Luz . Muslims worldwide have condemned last week 's attacks on Charlie Hebdo and elsewhere in France . But al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , the terror group 's North Africa branch , is threatening more of them , according to a warning posted on jihadist websites . The group has battled French forces before in Africa . Many former French colonies are in that area , with Paris often coming to their support to fight against Islamist militants . More than 6,000 forces are involved in operations in and around Africa , according to Defense Ministry spokesman Sacha Mendel . "  France pays the cost of its violence on Muslim countries and the violation of their sanctity , " the terror group said in a statement . "  As long as its soldiers occupy countries such as Mali and Central Africa and bombard our people in Syria and Iraq , and as long as its lame media continues to undermine our Prophet  Mohammed  , France will expose itself to the worst and more . " France 's National Assembly voted later Tuesday to extend airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq . But before doing so , assembly members stood tall together , proudly singing France 's national anthem , "  La Marseillaise . " Among its lyrics , these timely words : "  Liberty , cherished liberty , fight alongside your defenders . " That fight is happening inside France , where , Mendel says , there will be more than 10,000 French troops deployed by Wednesday . And outside France , the battle against ISIS and al Qaeda is in full force in parts of the Middle East and beyond . Then there 's the ongoing investigation and intelligence work , aimed at preventing future attacks and learning more about the latest one . Tracking down the assailants ' contacts is also a priority for authorities . A French citizen admitted in court Tuesday that he knows one of the brothers blamed for the attack on Charlie Hebdo , CNN affiliate TV7 Bulgaria reported . Bulgarian authorities first arrested Fritz-Joly Joachin near the country 's border with Turkey on a warrant for allegedly kidnapping his son . Now , he also faces terrorism charges , and a French court has requested his extradition , the Bulgarian Foreign Ministry said Tuesday . Bulgarian public prosecutor Darina Slavova told Agence France-Presse that the 29-year-old Joachin "  was in contact several times " with Charlie Hebdo attacker Cherif Kouachi . According to AFP , the prosecutor said the charges against Joachin "  are for participation in an organized crime group whose aim was organization of terrorist acts . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Salim Essaid , Pamela Brown , Gul Tuysuz , Stephen Collinson , Lindsay Isaac and Hande Atay contributed to this report .	France 's National Assembly votes to extend support for airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq Spokesman : Over 10,000 troops soon to be deployed around France French , Israelis remember victims of last week 's terror attacks
Leogane , Haiti  CNN  -- In a dirt field 20 minutes outside of Leogane 's city center , desperation surfaces in the form of fear , anger , thanks . All at once . Relief trucks from CARE International have arrived , and the waiting wall of people pounces on the aid workers . The residents clutch paper tickets given out earlier to collect the goods : one mattress and blanket per family . CARE begins to distribute 250 of each , but the makeshift settlement here holds as many as 10,000 earthquake victims . Guards wearing gray polo shirts with the word "  securite " painted on their backs roam the grounds with metal baseball bats in hand . They anticipate chaos . "  We are happy for the mattresses . We are thankful , " says Willio Sainvil , a spokesman for a community organization helping organize the flow of aid . "  But what we need is water . We need food . We have people who are sick . They need medicine , " he says . "  We need tents , especially if it rains . " Above the sun is hiding , for the moment , under dark clouds . iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti "  You can see the people are not satisfied , " Sainvil says . "  But they are thankful . " CARE spokesman Rick Perera says the humanitarian agency delivered a water buffalo to this settlement , about 20 miles west of Port-au-Prince , but nothing else arrived until the mattresses on Sunday . The agency plans to supply more relief items , but distribution has been a huge problem , Perera said . It has been difficult finding enough trucks to carry the goods . In outlying areas like this , the biggest fear is people will be forgotten . Sainvil says aid agencies have visited the city center , but few have received help in the townships and villages of Leogane province , lined with sugarcane groves , banana trees and now , mangled chunks of concrete that used to be homes , offices , schools and clinics . Twelve days after a magnitude-7 .0 earthquake , the focus in Haiti has shifted from extracting survivors from heaps of rubble to helping those who survived . By some estimates , 1.5 million Haitians were rendered homeless . In Leogane , at the epicenter of the massive quake , about 85 percent of the town may have been destroyed . Kenneth Merten , U.S. ambassador to Haiti , told CNN 'S Christiane Amanpour on Sunday that the relief was slow in the first few days . "  It was very slow , a lot came in , it was hard to get it out to the people who needed it most , " he said . "  If I were a Haitian here , I would be , frankly , angry at the whole situation I found myself in . But I must say that I think the Haitians are resilient , and they 're to be applauded for approaching this in a stoic and dignified fashion . " Full coverage The International Organization for Migration said Sunday that the biggest need was tents for as many as 500,000 displaced people . The agency identified two new sites in Port-au-Prince and Leogane where temporary shelters will be developed for those "  living in deplorable conditions in makeshift settlements without basic services . " "  The temporary tent settlements will provide a clean and safe environment for the displaced , " said Vincent Houver , the agency 's chief of operations in Haiti , "  but they are a short-term solution . Tent settlements are not sustainable . " More than 500 aid agencies are operating in Haiti . Fifteen of them met with Leogane officials Saturday to address needs . The United Nations plans to set up a separate water and sanitation system for Leogane , but the world organization is "  quite stretched , " said Paul Shanahan , senior emergency specialist with CARE . "  It 's hard to imagine how it could be worse , " he said about Leogane 's sanitation problems . "  Human waste is being generated and disposed of informally . " He meant left in open areas or dumped onto trash heaps . "  You see every mode of catastrophic failure possible , " Shanahan said of Leogane . "  And the people fear they are not going to be attended to . " Interactive map of where to find aid , hospitals in Haiti That includes the 10,000 people who are making do at this makeshift camp with whatever they could rescue from their shattered homes . Bed sheets , cooking utensils , a lawn chair -- and memories of lost lives . Fenilmarie Carmel has managed to build a shelter for the five people left in her family . She points to the packed dirt under her feet to show where she has been resting her head every night . "  We have nothing . When will they come to help us ? " she asks . She clutches her printed floral mattress made in Haiti -- CARE says it tries its best to promote local manufacturers rather than ship in goods from other nations -- and a blanket sent by the Latter Day Saints . One , maybe two , of her children might sleep a little better tonight .	In Leogane , Haiti , earthquake victims still need water , food and shelter People in outlying areas of Haiti worry they 've been forgotten in relief plans More than 500 aid agencies operating ; 15 met with Leogane officials Saturday
DHAKA , Bangladesh  CNN  -- More than 1,700 people have died in Bangladesh after a devastating tropical cyclone ripped through the western coast of the country , and the toll is expected to rise , a government spokesman tells CNN . Families stand amid the wreckage caused by the cyclone Friday in southern Bangladesh . Brig. Gen. Qazi Abedus Samad , director of operations for the country 's armed forces , told CNN Saturday the toll had reached 1,723 , and the figure is expected to rise . As flood waters recede , aid workers say they expect to find scores more bodies when remote villages are finally reached and the counting is done . They face debris-blocked roads , no electricity and almost nonexistent communications . In addition to the dead , another 15,000 people have been injured . Thousands of people have been displaced and many are still missing . Cyclone Sidr , with sustained winds of at least 131 mph  210 kph  , made landfall Thursday night along the western coast of Bangladesh near the border with India , unleashing floodwaters . Government spokesman Fahim Munaim told CNN by telephone that the government held an emergency Cabinet meeting Saturday to assess the disaster and discuss recovery issues . He said the extent of the cyclone 's damage may be much worse because emergency relief had not been able to reach remote areas . The government has identified the 12 worst districts -- all of them located on the southern coast -- out of the 23 affected by the cyclone , Munaim said . See victims pick up the pieces after the storm " The Bangladeshi air force , army and navy are working to provide shelter for the many people who have been displaced . Power is still out in much of the country but it is being restored . Watch how the cyclone spawns a large relief effort " Vince Edwards , national director of the relief agency World Vision in Bangladesh , said the high wind speeds of Cyclone Sidr have laid waste to the all-important rice crop and caused a huge loss of livestock . He said 280,000 families have been rendered homeless by the cyclone , but many have been able to get shelter from family members . World Vision is deploying 135 staffers and 7,000 volunteers to provide food , shelter and other relief . The group is appealing for $ 1.5 million in further funds to assist some 9.300 families rebuild their homes . In Dhaka -- about 200 miles north of the worst-hit region -- there were power outages , massive traffic jams and spotty phone service , CNN 's Cal Perry said from the city . "  From an infrastructure perspective , the country absolutely has been brought to its knees , " he said . Red Crescent spokeswoman Nabiha Chowdhury told CNN that communication with her agency 's teams who have arrived in the stricken area is spotty , but they have resources with them to immediately help people with water purification , which she said was a top priority . Those teams have cash with them to buy relief supplies from local wholesalers , said Chowdhury , who said the latest number of people injured was 15,000 with 1,000 missing . Chowdhury said about 600,000 people had fled , adding that about 2 million people lived along the coast . The U.N. World Food Programme said it has enough high-energy biscuits to feed 400,000 people for several days . Another humanitarian group , Save The Children , appealed for aid from the public . "  Many families have lost everything , including their homes and their crops , and they are struggling to survive , " said Kelly Stevenson , Save the Children 's Bangladesh director . "  We are appealing to the U.S. public to support our efforts to assist children and families affected by this disaster . We remain very concerned about possible outbreaks of cholera and severe diarrhea due to the lack of access to clean water , " he said in a written statement . The U.S. Department of State pledged Friday pledging "  to work with the government and foreign donors to assist in relieving the effects of the disaster . " Department spokesman Sean McCormack said the U.S. Mission in Bangladesh , anticipating the storm , pre-positioned 16 Zodiac boats , water treatment systems , water ambulances and food for a more rapid response . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates was expected to approve plans to send up to three Navy amphibious warships , with up to 3,500 Marines , to locations off the coast of Bangladesh to assist in relief efforts . E-mail to a friend	More than 1,700 people dead , toll expected to rise , official says 15,000 people are injured following Thursday 's tropical Cyclone Sidr U.N. World Food Programme has food for 400,000 people for three days Power outages , massive traffic jams and poor phone service in Dhaka
CNN  -- After six and a half days of deliberation , an Australian jury convicted a surgeon dubbed "  Doctor Death " in the deaths of three of his patients , Australia 's national news agency said . Indian-born Dr. Jayant Patel , 60 , was found guilty of three counts of manslaughter and one count of grievous bodily harm in a Queensland Supreme Court , the Australian Associated Press said . He had pleaded not guilty in the deaths of Mervyn Morris , Gerardus Kemps and James Phillips and in the bodily harm of Ian Vowles . He entered the courtroom with his wife , Kishoree Patel , also a doctor . He stood with his head cast low and appeared calm as the verdicts were read out , AAP said . Patel , who was extradited from the United States to stand trial , will be sentenced Thursday . The verdict culminated 15 weeks of trial during which prosecutors told the jury about how Patel was an egotistical man who caused deaths and injuries by performing wrong operations , AAP said . Prosecutors argued that Patel was criminally negligent in operating on the three men at Australia 's Bundaberg Base Hospital , where he was director of surgery between 2003 and 2005 . The government made the case that Patel was a bad surgeon driven by ego and that he caused the deaths or injuries by performing the wrong operations on the wrong patients . Victims ' families told CNN Australian affiliate ABC news they felt vindicated . Kemps ' widow , Judy , listened to the verdict in court . She said she had not been sure if she would ever see the day when Patel was convicted . "  At one stage I thought it would n't . It 's been a long five years , but it 's all over , " she told ABC . Patel was licensed to practice medicine in New York state in 1980 and was fined and put on probation for "  gross negligence and incompetence " in 1984 , according to Australia 's extradition complaint . A few years after he was licensed in Oregon in 1989 , his employer required him to obtain a second opinion for certain procedures , and state regulators prevented him from performing some kinds of surgery in 2000 , the complaint stated . Patel arrived in Bundaberg , sugar industry center , in early 2003 . The controversy over Patel in Australia mounted when concerns about his competency were voiced in Queensland 's state legislature . A lawmaker had been tipped off by a senior Bundaberg nurse , ABC said . Patel resigned and returned to Portland , Oregon . From there , he was extradited last year to Australia .	Indian-born doctor , found guilty in 3 deaths , will be sentenced Thursday Jayant Patel also found guilty of grievous bodily harm to fourth person Prosecutors painted a picture of Patel as a ` bad surgeon motivated by ego ' He was extradited last year from Portland , Oregon
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A gaggle of reporters pushed their microphones and cameras toward the North Korean official shortly after he arrived at a college campus here . North Korean diplomat Kim Myong-gil gathered with other officials to discuss North Korea 's energy needs But Kim Myong-gil 's comments were off the record -- a sign of the sensitive nature of openly discussing concerns about North Korea 's nuclear program . The U.S. State Department 's director of Korean affairs , Kurt Tong , also agreed to participate in Thursday 's conference as long as his statements were not published . Tong and Kim , a North Korea representative at the United Nations , gathered with others including former diplomats and academics at the Georgia Institute of Technology to discuss North Korea 's energy needs and the status of the six-party talks on its nuclear program . Although the two top-level diplomats kept their remarks private , other participants in the conference at the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs aired their opinions openly . Much of the Korea conference focused on the scientific details of North Korea 's infrastructure and how it could be improved to handle sources of energy other than nuclear , such as an oil pipeline or utilizing its significant mineral resources . But all those ideas will never be realized without a change in relations between North Korea , its neighbors and the United States , and that is why diplomacy was also part of the discussion . Thursday 's conference coincided with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's announcement that her new envoy to North Korea , Stephen Bosworth , will travel to Russia , China , South Korea and Japan next week "  to consult on the next steps to move the six-party process forward . " Senior administration officials said Bosworth is considering heading to Pyongyang on that visit , but only if the leaders of the other parties involved in the talks are comfortable with that overture . Speaking at a joint news conference with Clinton , Bosworth said there is no doubt the United States plans "  to engage with North Korea . " "  The question as to whether we 're going to engage with them on this particular trip remains to be decided , " he said . "  That will depend upon our consultations in the region , and it will depend upon what we hear back from the North Koreans . " Thursday 's conference also coincided with reports that North Korea is apparently preparing to test-fire its long-range missile , the Taepodong-2 , under the guise of launching a satellite into space . Leon Sigal , a specialist on North Korea who used to work for the State Department , stressed that President Obama is at a "  starting point " with North Korea . Mindful that the new U.S. leader is preoccupied with his country 's economic recession , Sigal said Obama must act swiftly and decisively with regards to North Korea to avoid the mistakes of the previous administration . "  The only way to fix this problem is to negotiate , " said Sigal , who is currently director of the Northeast Asia Cooperative Security Project at the Social Science Research Council in New York . Part of Sigal 's proposal includes helping North Korea construct conventional power plants as it moves toward denuclearization . He outlined two "  troubling questions " facing the Obama administration : how to avoid having to constantly react under pressure to North Korea 's provocations , and how the scenario could change , possibly for the worse , if there is a change in leadership , "  now that Kim Jong-Il 's health is at issue . " "  It seems to me the answer to both is for Washington to put a bigger deal on the negotiating table now , " Sigal proposed . That drew a couple of comments and questions from the audience . One graduate student asked why the United States should "  put more oil in a leaky bucket , " referring to the idea of sending more fuel oil shipments to North Korea when the previous shipments -- part of an agreement to get Pyongyang to shut down its nuclear facility -- have done little to deter the country from abandoning its nuclear program . North Korea maintains that it is due the oil shipments because it fulfilled its obligation to disable its Yongbyon nuclear complex . The United States has demanded Pyongyang verify that by allowing U.N. inspectors to inspect the facility , which it has refused . At Thursday 's conference , former U.S. ambassador to South Korea James Laney cautioned against resorting to the same rhetoric about which side had violated previous agreements . "  I can understand how we want to score points ... but there are times when prudence or better wisdom or real strategy dictates that we have to  have  some sort of engagement , " he said . Laney , who was instrumental in defusing the North Korean nuclear crisis in 1994 , suggested that the United States propose a peace treaty to replace the 1953 armistice which effectively ended the Korean War . "  A peace treaty would mean there are two nations on the Korean peninsula , " said Laney . "  There are two nations now , but a treaty would recognize  this  . " Victor Cha , who was the White House 's director of Asian affairs under the Bush administration , cautioned against moving forward on securing a peace treaty before North Korea takes further steps toward denuclearization . "  Even if there are some  in North Korea  who would want to give up nuclear weapons in exchange for a peace treaty , there may be others that say , ` Once we have a peace treaty ... we can be recognized as a nuclear state , ' " according to Cha . Cha , who said he routinely has to apologize for being a member of the Bush administration , praised Obama 's government , which he said has "  none of the hang-ups " in dealing with North Korea 's leadership that the previous administration had . Laney urged the new administration to "  move beyond sticks and carrots , " which was the stated approach of the Bush administration . While there is no guarantee that a peace treaty or any other overture to North Korea would work , Laney and Sigal said the administration has to try a new approach . "  You see , I 'm 81 and I want to see something  happen  before I die , " said Laney , who worked in U.S. Army counterintelligence before serving in the Korean War . "  Fifty-five years is a long time . " Sigal concurred , saying that "  diplomatic give-and-take is the only policy " for North Korea . "  But sustaining diplomacy ... will be difficult , " he added . . "  Kim Jong-Il wants to force America to be his friend , " he said , referring to the North Korean leader . "  He seems unwilling to unclench his fist and shake Obama 's hand . We may have to settle for a fist bump . "	Officials , academics gather to discuss North Korea 's energy needs Diplomacy was part of the discussion at Georgia Tech conference Conference coincided with reports North Korea is going to test-fire missle
Lilongwe , Malawi  CNN  -- Despite a majestic lake stretching through its eastern border that gives way to beautiful beaches , Malawi is the African country less-traveled . But it 's the place to be if you want to enjoy a natural paradise without everybody else . Though it has n't become a booming destination like Tanzania , Kenya or South Africa , Malawi has numerous attractions . Named one of the top 10 places to go in 2014 by Lonely Planet , Malawi is one of the lesser known destinations on the travel guide 's annual list , which includes Brazil , Sweden and the Seychelles . The country is touted for its wildlife and beaches . But there 's more to Malawi than animal parks , warm sands and Madonna 's adoptions . 1 . The locals are friendly Called the "  Warm Heart of Africa , " in the native language , Malawi locals exude friendliness . It 's common for strangers to wave and greet visitors as if they know them . And it 's easy to make them smile with a "  moni "  pronounced mo-nee , not money  , which means hello in Chichewa , the local language , and "  Zikomo "  thank you  . Curious kids often come by to say hi and see what you 're up to . The refrain I heard repeatedly was , "  Welcome . You are welcome . " Although overt friendliness often arouses suspicion in the world traveler , especially when someone 's trying to sell you tchotckes , there 's hardly any hawking or selling of tacky souvenirs in Malawi -- the people are genuinely friendly . Founded in 1964 , Malawi has never experienced a civil war . 2 . It 's not crowded You can enjoy the pristine views of massive Lake Malawi -- known locally as Lake Nyasa , it 's the ninth largest lake in the world -- without having your perfect day wrecked by a bunch of vacationers blasting horrible music . Instead , you 'll hear restaurants jamming 1990s pop music such as the Backstreet Boys -- ca n't win them all . Another perk : you wo n't have to jostle for reservations at hotels , restaurants or game parks . Most of the travelers you 'll likely encounter in Malawi are tobacco businessmen or NGO workers -- nary a tourist in sight . Even the capital of Lilongwe has the relaxed vibe of a garden . There are few cars and you can walk to places without feeling overwhelmed or fearful of getting run over .  The country 's commercial capital of Blantyre is much busier . You can go from the high life of the Kumbali Country Lodge , where Madonna stays , or sleep in more budget accommodations . 3 . Lake Malawi is spectacular Although Malawi is landlocked , its giant , freshwater lake is its life blood . The sunny beaches of Lake Malawi are golden and the waters are nearly empty except for a few boats . Lake Malawi is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . It 's home to the largest number of fish species of any lake in the world , thought to be between 500 and 1,000 , according to UNESCO . It 's perfect for freshwater snorkeling and diving in clear water . The lake draws in a variety of bird species , as well as hippos , warthogs , baboons and occasional elephants . Not bad company to enjoy the water with  maybe not the hippos  . 4 . Rehabilitated game parks and natural reserves Tour companies offer safaris in parks and reserves that include eco-friendly trips , mountain biking , horseback riding and traditional housing stays . One of the best known parks is Majete Wildlife Reserve , which became a target for poaching that continued into the 1990s . By the 2000s , thanks to a partnership between the government and a non-profit organization , the park was repopulated and rehabilitated . The Big Five  elephant , rhino , lion , leopard , buffalo  can be viewed here . "  Malawi is not a wildlife destination , it 's not Masai Mara , but that 's changing , " says Rob McConaghy of Ulendo , a travel group operating in Malawi . "  Majete National Park is run as a private park and has reintroduced so much game , you can see the Big Five now . " 5 . Easygoing vibe Malawi is , in large part , a place of peace and quiet , without the traffic jams and hassles of city life . The country is largely rural ; only 15.7 % of the population live in urban areas . Clear skies and bright stars make it thrilling for star gazers . The trend is toward self-drive holidays -- visitors rent cars and drive themselves through the country . "  As a country , people perceive Malawi being safe , stable and peaceful , " says McConaghy . "  It gives an impression of a nice , warm friendly country to travel in . "	Malawi was named one of the top 10 places to visit in 2014 by Lonely Planet It 's noted for its wildlife and beaches Malawi has friendly people , an easygoing vibe , Lake Malawi and good game parks
CNN  -- In a recent interview on Ketchikan Public Radio in Alaska , Rep. Don Young , the state 's only congressman , offered this unhelpful tidbit : "  My father had a ranch ; we used to have 50-60 wet -- to pick tomatoes . It takes two people to pick the same tomatoes now . It 's all done by machine . " There it is -- the equivalent of what Groucho Marx used to call "  the secret word . " It 's a word that is so offensive that I wo n't say or write it in the long form -- although many people do so freely , which is a problem . Just as Americans have been conditioned to refer to the "  n-word " as a sanitized alternative to the filthy and hurtful long-form version , so we too should start referring to the "  w-word " when describing that ethnic slur used to describe Mexican immigrants who came here , shall we say , without proper documents . I started this crusade in April 2007 with a column for CNN.com . In it , I pointed out that the w-word is used with reckless abandon by right-wing cable talk show hosts but also left-wing journalists and celebrities . I could n't imagine these folks using the long form of the n-word even if they were merely repeating what someone else had said . Yet they did not hesitate to use the w-word . This tells us at least two things . One , for many Americans , the w-word is n't as ugly or offensive as the n-word . And two , in the minds of the uninformed , Mexicans and Mexican-Americans in the Southwest do n't have the same legacy of racism , discrimination and mistreatment that affected African-Americans . The experiences are n't identical , of course . But given that Mexicans in states such as California , Arizona and Texas endured Jim Crow-style segregation , job discrimination , inferior public schools , lynchings and hate crimes and repression by racist law enforcement organizations , there are similarities . Liberals could n't wait to pounce on Young 's remarks , spreading the word  literally  and making sure the media knew that -- gasp ! -- a Republican congressman had referred to Mexican immigrants using the w-word . For Democrats , who are used to getting Hispanic votes without having to earn them and want to keep it that way by pointing out how bad Republicans are , it was like Christmas in springtime . It did n't help the GOP that Young was clueless about what he done wrong . After the first round of criticism , the lawmaker tried to brush off the controversy by saying only that he had "  used a term that was commonly used during my days growing up on a farm in Central California " and that he "  meant no disrespect . " That 's funny . I grew up around farms in Central California . And , I can tell you , that term is all about disrespect . After fellow Republicans blasted Young for his comments and demanded that he apologize , the congressman swallowed his pride . In a statement , Young wrote : "  I apologize for the insensitive term I used during an interview in Ketchikan , Alaska . There was no malice in my heart or intent to offend ; it was a poor choice of words . That word , and the negative attitudes that come with it , should be left in the 20th century , and I 'm sorry that this has shifted our focus away from comprehensive immigration reform . " If Young 's comments did shift the focus , it was n't for long . Over the weekend , business groups and organized labor signaled a major breakthrough on the road to comprehensive immigration reform when they announced they had finally struck a deal on guest worker visas , a major obstacle . All that remains now is for the Senate 's "  Gang of Eight " to unveil their bipartisan legislation by their April 8 deadline . I 'm glad to see Republicans jumped on Young for his comments . But where is this outrage when other GOP lawmakers flirt with ethnic demagoguery ? And what about Democrats ? They were in such a hurry to condemn Young for using the w-word that they missed the fact that they were repeating the word over and over again , which suggests either that they 're tone deaf or that they were n't as offended as they pretended to be . What we learn is that while leadership on matters of race and ethnicity is hard to find in either party , political opportunism is alive and well . Let 's face it . Americans are not good when it comes to condemning the loaded language of race and ethnicity . We 're not careful . We 're not consistent . And we 're not sincere . It 's part of an overall breakdown in civility in our society and how dismissive we have become of anyone who raises concern . We 're too mean , too childish , too petty and too personal . Just look at the shameful way that MSNBC commentator Toure Neblett recently lit into Dr. Ben Carson , a pediatric neurosurgeon and black conservative who has been critical of President Barack Obama . Toure all but called Carson an Uncle Tom , insisting that this accomplished individual who spoke his mind was Republicans ' token "  black friend " because he helps white people "  assuage their guilt . " It 's never a good idea for one person of color to assess the authenticity of another -- especially if it 's just for ratings . Carson likewise stepped in it when he offered his opinion on gay marriage by drawing comparisons that were harsh and inappropriate . During a recent interview on Fox News Channel , he said this : "  Well , my thoughts are that marriage is between a man and a woman . It 's a well-established , fundamental pillar of society and no group , be they gays , be they NAMBLA , be they people who believe in bestiality . It does n't matter what they are . They do n't get to change the definition . " Insisting that marriage be defined in a certain way is fine . Equating same-sex marriage with behavior that society has declared deviant and criminal is not . It turns out that elected officials are n't the only ones who sometimes cross the line with their words and should apologize for it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Rep. Don Young used an ethnic slur to describe Mexican immigrants Navarrette : The "  w-word " is just as offensive as the "  n-word " and yet it 's still being used He says political opportunism is alive and well as liberals pounced on Young Navarrette : Politicians are n't the only ones who cross the line in using loaded terms
CNN  -- Heavy winds and dry weather helped set off a rash of fires across a wide swath of north , central and west Texas on Sunday , state forestry officials said . The Texas Forest Service reported 15,000 acres caught fire across the state . The largest concentration of blazes broke out around the west Texas town of Midland and near the panhandle city of Amarillo , where meteorologists reported wind gusts of up to 69 miles an hour . There have been no fatalities , said Lewis Kearney , a spokesman for the forest service 's Texas State Lone Star Incident Management Team . However , the high winds made it difficult for firefighters to use aircraft to contain the blazes . Kearney said heavy winds are expected to blow across much of the state into Monday , thus making it more likely that firefighters could be many hours away from dousing the final flames spread by the winds . Kearney said "  numerous homes " have been burned in west Texas and that firefighters were continuing to battle the blazes as of Sunday night . In Amarillo , the National Weather Service reported that as of 2:32 p.m. CT Sunday afternoon a mandatory evacuation order had been issued in northeast Potter County . A second evacuation order was issued for the city of Borger a half hour later . Throughout the afternoon , fires consumed large swaths of land ranging from 30 to 800 acres in Haskell , Mitchell , Howard , Randall and Tom Green counties , among others .	Roughly 15,000 acres on fire in separate Texas blazes Dry weather and heavy winds to blame , officials say
CNN  -- Citing fears of genocide , representatives of of humanitarian organizations tried Thursday to focus U.S. lawmakers ' attention on the Central African Republic , where the situation is on the verge of exploding into a "  decades-long conflict , " one aid group said . Mercy Corps believes "  right now is the time to act , and we are asking Congress to make smart , forward-thinking decisions , " said Madeline Rose , a policy adviser to the group , in a telephone interview prior to addressing the House Committee on Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on African Global Health , Global Human Rights and International Organizations . The group fears "  that the current crisis in CAR is on the verge of metastasizing into a new , decades-long conflict , " she added . The landlocked country , which is bordered by Cameroon , Chad , Sudan , South Sudan , Congo , and the Democratic Republic of Congo , has seen nearly constant chaos for a year , since militant rebels removed the president from office and then lost power themselves . Even before that , frail governments and poverty plagued its population . Rose cited five priorities for CAR : -- restoring security ; -- increasing support for peace-building initiatives ; -- meeting immediate humanitarian needs ; -- targeting interventions to protect and empower women and girls ; -- investing resources to transition to state-building and economic recovery . 5 coups d'etat since independence The roots of the conflict date back to CAR 's independence from France in 1960 . Since then , "  it 's had weak governance , chronic insecurity , five coups d'etat , " Rose said . "  People have only known violent and oppressive rule . CAR 's never really enjoyed a legitimate , civilian administration . " Throughout , the country 's 5.2 million residents have endured chronic , abject poverty . That underdevelopment has fomented deep distrust among civilians -- whose median age is 19 years . That distrust erupted into violence and the country descended into chaos in March 2013 , after a coalition of mostly Muslim rebels known as Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize . They have since been forced from power , but Christian and Muslim militias have continued to battle for control . To counter attacks on Christian communities by Seleka groups , vigilante Christian groups known as the anti-balaka , which translates to "  anti-machete , " fought back . Muslims represented 15 % of the population , and Christians were 50 % , according to the CIA World Factbook . The groups have morphed into criminal gangs "  that are seizing this opportunity to enrich themselves and to take revenge , " said Kasper Agger , a field researcher for the Enough Project , prior to his own testimony to the subcommittee . Battle for resources , not religion "  The most important thing is that people start to understand that this is not necessarily a conflict of Christians versus Muslims , but it 's about natural resources " and competition for control of the states , he said . "  It 's those classic issues that need to be tackled . " He called for the United Nations to send mediators to work with interim President Samba-Panza to begin a political process "  with local dialogues and reconciliation across the country . " In a report issued Thursday by his project , Agger said Seleka leaders were linked to Chadian and Sudanese government-backed armed groups , mercenaries , poachers and diamond traders . "  The research reveals that revenues from diamonds and elephant ivory are funding Seleka and other fighters in CAR , enabling them to purchase weapons , fuel , and poaching equipment , " he said . "  Diamonds mined in CAR are sold to traders in the Darfur region of Sudan , as well as Chad , Cameroon , and the Democratic Republic of Congo . " The traders circumvent the international certification process and likely sell their wares on the world market , he added . At least 2,000 people have died in the fighting , and 2.2 million others -- about half the country 's population -- need humanitarian aid , according to the United Nations . The world body this week appointed Abdoulaye Bathily of Senegal to lead the U.N. 's political office charged with preventing conflict in the region . He faces a big job : More than 650,000 residents are internally displaced , and nearly 300,000 have fled to neighboring countries . Ban : ` Do not repeat the mistakes of the past ' "  There 's no one that really has any power to stop this , " said Agger , who recently spent a month in the country . "  It was an almost surreal experience , " he said about his visit , most of which was in the capital city of Bangui , where more than 200,000 residents are displaced , many of them living at the airport or in churches . "  You could have people going to church and the markets were open and then , in the distance , you could hear shootings , " he said . "  Almost every night , we could hear shootings around town . " The poverty extends to the government , which did not pay its employees for six months , he said . The continuing violence has raised the specter of genocide , as occurred 20 years ago in Rwanda . "  Do not repeat the mistakes of the past -- heed the lessons , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last month during a visit to the country . "  Most members of the Muslim minority have fled . Muslims and Christians have been placed in mortal danger simply because of who they are or what they believe , " Ban said . "  People have been lynched and decapitated . Sexual violence is on the rise . Gruesome acts have been committed while others cheered on the perpetrators . There has been total impunity -- zero accountability . This must change . " International peacekeeping efforts are under way : Some 6,000 African Union troops and 2,000 French forces are operating in the country , as is the first contingent of 1,600 European Union troops . In addition , the United Nations has promised as many as 10,000 military personnel by September 15 . More peacekeepers may not be enough But Mercy Corps ' Rose said it was not clear that they would suffice . The AU forces need help , she said . "  They do n't know what 's going on , they do n't have good intelligence , and they 're not good at communicating with the population , " she said . "  It 's making the community more fearful , particularly vulnerable populations . " She said she was hopeful that U.S. lawmakers would act "  to address the underlying issues that caused this crisis in the first place . " Thursday 's appeal to lawmakers is an attempt to give them the big picture about what is happening in CAR . The United States has already committed $ 150 million to the peacekeeping mission , but that effort requires at least another $ 100 million , said Catholic Relief Services Chief Operating Officer Sean Callahan . "  The world stood by as nearly one million people were killed in Rwanda 20 yrs ago , and we can not let the violence tear the social fabric of CAR , " he said . Rose agreed . "  We 've seen this over and over again in the way the international community responds to crises like these -- where we focus too narrowly on short-term , emergency needs and do n't take a step back to make long-term , strategic investments and decisions about how to solve the root problem . " And CAR faces another big challenge : the country has long been geopolitically insignificant to major donor countries . "  So we , as a humanitarian and advocacy community , have an uphill battle to make the case as to why this is the smart decision now , " Rose said . "  But I think it 's possible . " The challenges are immense . Last week , 16 civilians -- including three national staff members of Medecins Sans Frontieres -- were killed during a robbery on the grounds of a hospital in the northern town of Boguila , said the group , which is also known as Doctors Without Borders . Ex-Seleka members surrounded the hospital grounds , where a meeting was taking place with community leaders invited by MSF to discuss medical access and care , the group said in a statement . "  Unprovoked , the men fired heavily into the crowd , killing and critically wounding meeting participants . " The incident led MSF to withdraw key staff , suspend activities in the town , where Muslims fleeing violence had sought refuge , and reassess whether to continue operations elsewhere in CAR . The incident reverberated among other humanitarian groups , but UNICEF 's Country Director for Central African Republic Souleymane Diabate said he was planning to continue business as usual . "  We remained during the crisis , and after the crisis we will remain , " he told CNN in a telephone interview from his office in Bangui , where he has been working since 2012 . Schools have been closed in the country , so UNICEF has opened "  temporary learning spaces " to carry on the teaching . And it has been providing chemicals to treat water nationwide , he said . In recent months , the number of UNICEF staff members has doubled , to more than 200 , though many of them work alongside security staff . Still , he acknowledged , "  there is some risk . "	Since 1960 , "  weak governance , chronic insecurity , 5 coups d'etat " It 's not about Christian versus Muslim , it 's about natural resources , one aid worker says Enough Project links Seleka to Chadian and Sudanese groups , mercenaries , diamond traders "  There is some risk , " UNICEF country director says
CNN  -- Actor Michael Jai White thinks the negative connotation surrounding the term "  blaxploitation film " is a bunch of jive . Michael Jai White stars in the new spoof "  Black Dynamite . " "  The problem I have with the word is that it seems to encompass movies that do n't fall under that category , " White said . "  As soon as you hear the title ` Shaft ' people think ` blaxploitation ' and that is absolutely unfair because that film was made before the term even existed . " White , the star and co-writer of the new movie "  Black Dynamite , " would rather people focus on what he views as the positives of the genre of 1970s urban action films starring African-American actors . His new movie , which opened in limited release last weekend and will start going wider , follows the exploits of Black Dynamite , a former CIA agent who takes to the streets after his brother is killed by the mafia , orphanages are flooded with drugs and some bad malt liquor finds its way into the ` hood . It is both a spoof of , and homage to , the genre whose films like "  Black Caesar , " "  The Mac , " "  Foxy Brown , " and "  Superfly " have developed a cult following over the years . "  Black Dynamite " caught the eye of Sony Pictures at the Sundance Film Festival and the studio acquired the rights to distribute the film . A viral marketing campaign helped whip up anticipation for the movie , which also features former late-night talk show host Arsenio Hall and "  In Living Color " cast member Tommy Davidson as pimps . Director Scott Sanders said he has always been fascinated by the fact that while blaxploitation really only grabbed hold of the industry for about five years during the early 1970s , it was so influential . "  It was such an extreme genre with the look and the music and there were really no boundaries or rules , " he said . "  It 's always been a fascination for me given how much it influenced hip-hop , black culture and culture as a whole , given the brevity . " White , best known for his roles in the films "  Spawn " and Tyler Perry 's "  Why Did I Get Married , " said he is a huge fan of blaxploitation films and views his movie as a loving send-up . While he is aware that some of the films were unintentionally funny with their low-budget gaffes -- such as the appearance of mic booms in some scenes -- and their stereotypes , White said the genre is a valued part of the movie industry 's history . "  These movies really saved Hollywood because the studio system was in trouble and they learned that they had a cash cow with these films , " he said . "  Later they exploited it by making any movie and throwing the term ` black ' in front of it and that 's what made it exploitive . " They also gave African-American actors a chance to work and reflected a people 's pride following the gains of the civil rights era . Laurence Washington , managing editor and co-publisher of Blackflix.com , said the movies helped young , black fans like him realize that "  when we grow up we do n't have to be train porters , busboys and waiters . " The films instead portrayed handsome , brave and suave black heroes who always got the girl , Washington said . "  When the blaxploitation films came out in the '70s , black audiences had never had action film heroes they could identify with , " he said . " -LSB- The movies -RSB- also opened the door for today 's black actors and directors to enter the mainstream . " Darius James , author of "  That 's Blaxploitation ! : Roots of the Baadasssss ` Tude  Rated X by an All-Whyte Jury  , " said blaxploitation films were like any other film that appeal to a specific audience , such as the indie movies of Roger Corman and Russ Meyer . James said he grew up seeing civil rights workers beaten and hosed on television and the movies came out time when there was a sense of defiance and resistance against the marginalization of African-Americans . "  These films , black exploitation films , reflected that spirit , " James said . White said he wishes there were more action films starring black actors these days . The films of the past were fearless and about true emotion , he said . "  The ` black is beautiful ' movement had taken off and there was so much pride , " White said . "  When they called each other ` brother ' they meant it . " "  The heroes were strong , sexy and they kicked ass . " "  I ask ` Where is that now ? ' I would like people to look at our film and say : ` Where are the black actors like that now ? ' " Jay Potts , the cartoonist behind World of Hurt -- which bills itself as "  The Internet 's # 1 Blaxploitation Webcomic " -- said he hopes "  Black Dynamite " furthers interest in the genre . And while "  blaxploitation " is a convenient moniker to lump in films that may not have always had the best production value , Potts said they were a testament to an era . "  The films came out at a time when black people were learning about themselves and flexing their creative muscles , " Potts said . "  To me , there was a lot of fun , had a lot of energy and while it always was n't perfect by any means there was so much life in it that I hope people take another look . "	"  Black Dynamite " spoofs the blaxploitation genre Film stars Michael Jai White , who says he is a fan of the movies Director Scott Sanders says genre greatly influenced the culture Author says films reflected a post civil rights era spirit
CNN  -- Tourists staying at Ao Phrao  Phrao Bay  on Thailand 's island of Koh Samet have been evacuated as the bay turned black from an oil spill over the weekend . Authorities estimated that around 5,000 liters of crude oil have washed up on the island , having leaked into the ocean from an offshore pipeline belonging to PTT Global Chemical , Thailand 's largest petrochemical producer . The total leakage is estimated at 50,000 liters . Due to its beautiful beaches and proximity to Bangkok -- the travel time from the capital is a little less than four hours by bus and then boat -- the island has long been a popular Thai weekend destination . Tourist activities on the island are largely ocean-oriented and include jet-skiing , snorkeling and banana-boating . Gallery : Oil spill on Koh Samet Effect on tourism It 's still unclear to what extent the spill will affect local tourism , but the damage was initially reportedly limited to one beach , at Ao Phrao . There are 14 beaches on the island . "  We 've had some hotel cancellations on Samet , " Rayong province tourism authority director Chuchart Oncharoen told the Bangkok Post . "  Whether this has a long-term impact on the island depends on how quickly PTT cleans up the mess . " The affected beach is on the less populated Western part of the island , where resorts have closed and tourists have been evacuated to hotels in other areas . The island is currently in its tourism low season -- the high season is from October to April . "  By far the majority of tourists who go to Koh Samet stay at resorts and hotels on the eastern side of the island , " Thailand travel blogger Richard Barrow told CNN . Gallery : Oil spill on Koh Samet Spill ` worse than thought ' However , an opposition MP has suggested the damage from the spill may be worse than first thought , reports Australia 's ABC . "  If that  50,000 litres  was the real amount , they should have already eliminated it -- they should have solved the problem fast enough before it reached Samet island , " said Sathit Pitutacha , from Thailand 's Democrat Party . The environmental group Greenpeace also called the spill "  massive , " according to the ABC , and called upon the Thai government to end oil exploration in the Gulf of Thailand . Some travelers to Phrao Bay have already posted about the unexpected change in their itineraries . "  The oil completely covered the beach when we woke up in the morning , " wrote Tripadvisor reviewer MatJens about his curtailed stay at Lima Coco resort , one of the popular hotels in the area that has been closed . "  We rebooked to a hotel on Ko Chang and the personnel at Lima Coco were very helpful getting us there . We also got a voucher covering the days we paid in advance , " wrote MatJens on Monday . A statement from PTT Global Chemical said the company had deployed booms to contain the oil as well as oil spill dispersant . It added that the Thai navy and approximately 300 workers from PTT Global Chemical are continuing to clean up the area .	One of the beaches on Thailand 's Koh Samet island has turned black from Saturday 's oil spill Koh Samet is a popular Thai weekend getaway destination Approximately 5,000 liters of oil have washed up on the island Spill "  may be worse than first thought , " says opposition MP , Greenpeace
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Dissident artist Ai Weiwei will not be allowed to publicly appeal a multimillion-dollar tax penalty the Chinese government says he owes , he said Thursday . Ai told CNN by phone that Chinese tax authorities sent him a note March 27 telling him he will not be given a public trial but a "  written hearing . " They sent him another note Thursday saying he must pay the 15 million yuan  $ 2.4 million  in back taxes he was already ordered to pay , and that he can make no further appeals . Ai , who was found guilty of tax evasion last year , said he plans to sue the tax authorities . Chinese authorities detained Ai for 81 days last year and later ordered him to pay the 15 million yuan in back taxes they said he owed through his company , Fake Cultural Development Ltd. . Ai paid 8.45 million yuan  $ 1.3 million  late last year so he could contest the charges . Had he not paid the sum , he said at the time , his wife would have been jailed . Ai 's family and human rights advocates have said they believe the Chinese government is targeting him for his criticism of the regime . An internationally renowned artist , Ai 's works -- often with political undercurrents -- command hundreds of thousands of dollars . His 2010 installation at the Tate Modern in London involved 100 million porcelain sunflower seeds , each one hand-painted by specialists in China , spread on the floor of the museum 's large entrance hall . Ai helped design Beijing 's iconic Bird 's Nest stadium for the 2008 Olympics , though he later spoke against the Games . CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	Ai Weiwei says he will only get a "  written hearing " China says he owes $ 2.4 million in back taxes His supporters say he 's being targeted for criticizing the government Ai is an internationally renowned artist
CNN  -- David Bill is n't annoyed when Twitter gets so bogged down with traffic that he ca n't post a message . Twitter 's "  fail whale , " which appears when the site is overrun , is so popular it 's on T-shirts and even tattoos . That 's because in the moment when frustration would hit , he 's greeted on the popular Web site by a cartoonish image he loves : a giant whale being lifted out of an ocean by a small flock of tweeting birds . The icon -- which Twitter users call it the "  fail whale " because the creature appears only when the site has failed to load -- has gained a cult following as the social media site grows at breakneck pace . The conversational Web site , which lets users post 140-character microblogs , saw a 1,374 percent jump in unique visitors between February 2008 and February this year , up to 7 million from only 475,000 , according to Nielsen NetView . By comparison , Facebook grew 228 percent , to 65.7 million users , during the same period . With all of those new Twitterers , fail whale sightings and site crashes seem more frequent . Bill  mr_bill on Twitter  and other fail-whale followers are n't bothered , though . The 36-year-old San Franciscan has organized parties in honor of the whale . The most recent , held in California in February , was attended by more than 300 people , including Yiying Lu , the artist in Australia who created the image . Bill says the whale represents a contrarian philosophy . "  It 's sort of an adorable whale but also this thing that represents the Herculean tasks that we sometimes go about from day to day , " he said . "  We 're all trying to do a lot of things that seem pretty impossible , " Bill said . "  It 's nice to identify something positive with those failures . " Not every Twitterer is sympathetic to the site 's troubles , though . Some users say Twitter has outgrown its core audience and is irrelevant to the technophiles who made it popular in the first place . Others are annoyed by the flood of spammers and profiteers who now use the site 's popularity to make a buck . Celebrities and members of Congress have been jumping onto the site in recent months , adding to the site 's mainstream popularity and , some users say , causing glitches in the system . "  I keep getting the fail whale . Twitter got too popular too quickly . I blame Shaq , " wrote Jessica Roy , a 21-year-old New York University student who goes by suchamessica on Twitter . Basketball player Shaquille O'Neal , or THE_REAL_SHAQ , has more than 470,000 followers on the site . Nova Spivack , a blogger whose article "  Can Twitter Survive What is About to Happen to It ? " has been passed around the site , said a rift is developing between Twitter 's original "  in crowd " and its newer , more mainstream users . Early adopters find many of the new users annoying , he said . "  A lot of people come in , and they take that ` What are you doing ? ' question literally , and so they put very inane things on Twitter , " he said . iReport.com : How do you feel about tweets and status updates ? The site used to feel "  insulated " from the mainstream , and now it does n't , he said . But for all the complaints , there seem to be just as many people who are almost excited about Twitter 's growing pains . It is inevitable that a Web site seeing Twitter-style growth would face some glitches and a backlash from early adopters , said Laura Fitton , a consultant and co-author of the book "  Twitter for Dummies . " "  There 's going to be all kinds of people using it all kinds of different ways , " she said . "  The purists can go pound rocks . " Major news such as the Mumbai terrorist attacks and the Hudson River plane landing has broken over Twitter , and that 's added to the site 's popularity , she said . Amy Gahran , who writes on social media at contentious.com , said the backlash against Twitter stems from the fact that people are uncomfortable with change . Early users see new people coming to the site , and that creeps them out , but it should n't , she said . "  Change is freaking good , " she said . "  Roll with it . " As the site gets filled with fresh users , people are creating pieces of software to help Twitterers sort through the noise , Gahran said . She said Twitter is popular because it mimics real-life conversation and because it 's easy to use . She also expects Twitter to expand , especially as people in developing countries use cell-phone text messages to communicate through the site . "  People talk . That 's what we do , " she said . "  We 're social creatures . We 're kind of wired for this . " Twitter says it is addressing breakdowns in that wired communication . "  We have made amazing progress from a technical perspective as far as accommodating this rapid growth goes and will continue to improve system and subsystem performance moving forward , " Twitter co-founder Biz Stone wrote in a statement to CNN . Critter Gewlas of Cary , North Carolina , believes so much in the site 's ability to overcome adversity that he recently got a tattoo of the fail whale on his leg . "  The site itself has suffered a few scrapes and bumps along the way , but for the most part , I definitely think it 's a good thing , " said the 36-year-old . The fail whale 's account on Twitter has more than 2,265 followers . A Facebook group dedicated to the whale has more than 4,400 members . The whale has spawned art and merchandise , from coffee mugs to baby clothes . A Current.com parody of the whale has spun around the Internet , too . Bill , whose fail whale parties have featured an aquamarine martini in honor of the icon 's color , said the whale 's popularity comes from the idea that failures are worth celebrating and learning from . Twitter will use that philosophy to continue to grow , he said . "  Twitter is a powerful enough thing that it should succeed in a broad way , and I would like it to succeed in a broad way , " he said .	Twitter saw growth of more than 1,300 percent in the year up to February Its swift growth has caused a backlash among some of the site 's early users Other rally around the "  fail whale , " an icon of the site 's shortcomings Site users host parties in honor of the whale ; one even has a tattoo of the image
London  CNN  -- Michael Phelps added to his Olympic legend Friday night , winning the 100-meter butterfly to capture his third gold medal of the London Games and the 17th of his career . Already the most decorated Olympian in history , Phelps started off Friday 's race -- which he has said will be his final individual Olympic race , having promised to retire after this competition -- trailing several swimmers . But with basketball great Lebron James and Prince William among those looking on , the Baltimore native charged ahead late to win by 0.23 seconds over South Africa 's Chad le Clos and Russia 's Evgeny Korotyshkin , who finished with an identical time . That margin , while slim , was still exponentially larger than when Phelps captured gold in the same event at the 2008 Beijing Games . Phelps won that race by .01 seconds by taking a quick , final stroke to catch a Serbian swimmer gliding to the wall . "  This one was I guess a bigger margin than the last two , so a step in the right direction , " Phelps told NBC after his latest win . "  It 's a pretty cool feeling . I have had a great week so far , and we have one more race tomorrow , " he added , referring to his final Olympic race Saturday as part of the U.S. men 's 4X100-meter medley relay team . Phelps was n't the only American to make history in the pool Friday . Missy Franklin , 17 , from Pasadena , California , earned her third gold medal , and fourth medal overall , in the women 's 200-meter backstroke , smashing the world record in the process . "  It does n't get any better than this , " Franklin said to NBC about her victories in London . "  This has been the most incredible week , and I 've never been happier . " Another American teenager , 15-year-old Katie Ledecky , also earned gold in impressive fashion , besting her nearest competitor by more than four seconds in the women 's 800-meter freestyle . France 's Florent Manaudou , 21 , won the swimming competition 's fastest and , arguably , most glamorous event with a time of 21.34  just a shade off the Olympic record  in the men 's 50-meter freestyle , his first ever Olympic final . The United States ' excellence at the Aquatics Centre helped them pass China for the most gold medals , with 21 , on the seventh full day of the Games . The Americans have 43 medals total , compared with 42 for the Chinese . Great Britain also rocketed up the medal count chart Friday , thanks to one of its athletes ' best days yet . The host nation captured three gold medals , bringing its total for the Games to eight , just behind South Korea for the fourth most of any country . The women 's double sculls team of Anna Watkins and Katherine Grainger placed first in their competition , while the Brits excelled at the Velodrome for indoor cycling events . The men 's team pursuit title went to Great Britain , and in world record time . Then , a short time later , Victoria Pendleton eked out a win by fractions of a second over a fast-charging competitor from China in the women 's keirin competition . London 2012 live : Day six In tennis , Roger Federer of Switzerland advanced to the gold-medal match in men 's singles , after beating Juan Martin Del Potro of Argentina in a marathon four-hour , 26-minute match . The legendary player 's final match does n't promise to be much easier , considering that the London crowd most likely will be rooting against him . That 's because Great Britain 's own Andy Murray secured a spot in the championship , after beating hard-hitting Serbian Novak Djokovic by a 7-5 , 7-5 score . Federer and Murray last matched up on the same court in July , when the 30-year-old Swiss won the Wimbledon final in straight sets despite the exhortations of the home crowd , which included several members of the royal family . The women 's final , meanwhile , will pit American Serena Williams and Russia 's Maria Sharapova after the two won semifinal matches Friday in straight sets . Both women are no strangers to the All-England Club court : Sharapova has won the iconic Wimbledon tennis major once , while Williams has captured that championship five times , most recently just a few months ago . The U.S. women 's football  soccer  team also moved to the semifinal round with a 2-0 win over New Zealand . Still , the biggest match of the day showcased two of the sport 's top teams in Brazil and Japan . Reigning World Cup champion Japan won 2-0 to advance to the next round . In judo , 16-year-old Wojdan Shaherkani of Saudi Arabia was allowed to compete wearing a headscarf but lost in her elimination match Friday to Melissa Mojica of Puerto Rico in 82 seconds . Officials initially said they would not allow her to compete in the headscarf , but Shaherkani 's father and Saudi officials insisted that she would not compete without it . Shaherkani , who was competing in her first major international event , received a special invitation to compete from the International Olympic Committee . One of the most exciting contests Friday may have mattered little in the medal count , though it provided a historic amount of drama . The women 's basketball teams from Great Britain and France finished their preliminary round game 's regulation tied at 67 , and the game looked set to go into a second overtime . But France 's Celine Dumerc hit a three-point shot with a fraction of a second left to propel her team to victory . And for the first time since the opening ceremony , Olympic Stadium was buzzing Friday with the start of track and field competition . Athletes in action included American sprinter Allyson Felix , who won her first-round heat to move on to the semifinals of the 100-meter sprint . She raced a few weeks after she sprinted to a tie with Jeneba Tarmoh in the Olympic Trials . On the day of a scheduled runoff , Tarmoh -- who is part of the U.S. team as a member of the relay pool -- backed out . Fellow American Carmelita Jeter posted the day 's best time in that race at 10.83 seconds , a full tenth of a second better than her next fastest foe . Most of the track and field events Friday were qualifiers , like the women 's sprint , but a few medals were handed out . Poland 's Tomasz Majewski won gold in the shot put , just ahead of Germany 's David Storl . America 's Reese Hoffa was third . And the women 's 10,000-meter race ended with a climactic finish , as Ethiopia 's Tirunesh Dibaba pulled away from a pair of Kenyan runners for the win .	Michael Phelps wins the 100-meter butterfly by 0.23 seconds for his third gold of Games Including wins by Missy Franklin and Katie Ledecky , the U.S. tops China for overall golds A Polish shot putter and Ethiopian runner earn the first golds in track and field Britain 's Andy Murray will face Roger Federer in men 's tennis final at the All-England Club
CNN  -- It 's been a rough month for chickens . Not that there 's ever an especially good month when your only job on this planet is to sit around , get fat and occasionally pop out eggs . It 's kind of like living your entire life as a "  Honey Boo Boo " cast member . But with a shred of dignity . This particular rough month actually started trending two weeks ago when , early in the morning on July 9 , a truck carrying more than 5,000 chickens overturned in downtown Salem , Oregon . Sadly , many of the poor little cluckers died . Others , perhaps stunned from the crash , just wandered aimlessly about the streets , suddenly free from captivity . Which must 've been remarkably weird . "  Gertrude , is this heaven ? " "  No . It 's Salem . " The story quickly found its way around the Interwebs because , really , it has all the makings of must-see news . Was there a big crash ? Yes . Was there negligence involved ? Possibly . Did hundreds of live animals on a roadway have to be rounded up by humans . Abso-freakin-lutely ! It was gold . But just when the Salem truck story seemed to go away -- as oddball stories eventually do -- it magically came roaring back . All thanks to PETA  People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  . In response to the crash , the organization proposed a 5Â 1/2 - foot-tall , 250-pound statue of a giant bloody chicken on crutches , memorializing the hundreds that perished in the crash . PETA hoped it could stand at the intersection near where the accident happened to alert livestock truckers to be extra careful and to remind motorists that "  chickens are among the most abused animals on the planet . " PETA spokeswoman Shakira Croce added that "  the best way to prevent crashes like this is to go vegan so that chickens do n't have to make the trip to the slaughterhouse in the first place . " Personally , I love the idea . Mind you , not because of my politics -- when it comes to such matters , I have no opinion . But I do love absurd landmarks . And every city needs something delightfully wackadoo . Like a big chicken . Oddly enough , we actually have a big chicken right here in Atlanta 's northern suburb of Marietta . We call it ... the Big Chicken . The huge structure stands 56 feet high , rising into the air from a KFC . So , in a sense , it , too , is a monument to dead chickens . Dead chickens coated with 11 herbs and spices . The best part about Marietta 's Big Chicken is that people actually use it as a directional landmark . "  Make a left at the Big Chicken . Go one block up . And you 'll find me on the sidewalk . I 'll be the one not wearing pants . " So it 's helpful . And I 've actually seen it used in serious news stories . This is a real excerpt from a 2009 article in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution : "  A Marietta police officer involved in a two-car accident Saturday afternoon is fine , according to police officials . The incident occurred around 3:25 p.m. at Cobb Parkway and Roswell Road in front of the Big Chicken . " Naturally , if you did n't know about the landmark , reading this would blow your mind . "  That must 've been one crazy-ass chicken . " Unfortunately , PETA 's Bloody Chicken of Salem statue was officially shot down this week by the Oregon Department of Transportation . Kevin Hottman , a city traffic engineer , noted that it 's a congested area and the statue "  would be a distraction and possibly a hazard . " So , now , chickens in Salem will just have to live in constant fear of another roadside tragedy while they 're on their way to get slaughtered . And speaking of chicken slaughter , there was another story that started trending this week . It was about an Arizona woman who found a chicken foot in a package of breast meat from Safeway . The disgusted shopper tweeted , "  Hey , @Safeway , does this look like ` chicken breast ' to you ? I 'm vomiting . " Despite the Internet chastising the woman for overreacting , Safeway nevertheless confirmed that the chicken foot was real and issued a statement saying , "  While the part does not pose a health risk , we are investigating how it became packaged in with our product . " And then the ghost of the chicken issued its own statement : "  I 'm incredibly sorry that my severed foot somehow ended up in the same package as my severed breast . I know that must 've been unsettling . PS : My head is in a landfill . " Yep . It 's been a rough month for chickens . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	A truck carrying more than 5,000 chickens crashed in Salem , Oregon PETA tried to erect a memorial statue for the chickens Oregon Department of Transportation denied the statue Also ? A chicken foot in your pack of breasts
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- An explosion outside a political rally in northwest Pakistan Monday killed five people and wounded 10 , officials said . The Tehrik-e-Taliban , or Pakistani Taliban , claimed responsibility for the blast . "  We carried out the attack , " said Asim Mehsud , the Taliban spokesman for Pakistan 's South Waziristan region . "  We will also target upcoming rallies of the Awami National Party , as it is a secular party . We will also target any other rallies conducted by secular political parties in the future . " The chief minister and provincial leaders from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , where the rally was held , attended the event , which was hosted by the Awami National Party . They left the vicinity shortly before the explosion , provincial spokesman Mian Iftikhar Hussain told a local news channel . The Awami National Party is often targeted by the Taliban . It is part of the governing coalition led by Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani 's Pakistan Peoples Party . In November , party member Hanif Jadoon and his bodyguard were killed in a suicide attack . Jadoon had just finished morning prayers on the Islamic holiday of Eid al-Adha when a bomber approached his car and detonated his explosives . The attack took place in the Swabi district of the province , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  west of Islamabad . CNN 's Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	NEW : The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for the blast The explosion happened outside a political rally The secular Awami National Party is often targeted by the Taliban The party is part of the governing coalition led by Gilani 's Pakistan Peoples Party
CNN  -- France and the Netherlands both recorded narrow home victories in warm-up matches ahead of next month 's World Cup in South Africa . Robin van Persie scored twice as the Dutch defeated fellow finalists Mexico 2-1 and Mathieu Valbuena grabbed an 83rd minute winner on his debut in France 's 2-1 victory over Costa Rica . Van Persie , playing his first international for six months following an ankle injury , scored from close range with his right foot to make it 1-0 , before smashing home his second on the volley . Who will be the World Cup 's best player ? Mexico pulled a goal back 15 minutes from time when Manchester United-bound Javier Hernandez headed in a cross from the left . Tottenham 's Giovani Dos Santos had a chance to level the score , but his powerful shot was tipped over the bar by Dutch goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg . Costa Rica , who are not going to South Africa after losing a play-off to Uruguay in November , took a surprise lead in the 12th minute when Carlos Hernandez 's long-range shot bounced over Steve Mandanda 's hands . Yoann Gourcuff had a goal ruled out for offside before France claimed their leveler via an own-goal . Jeremy Toulalan fed Franck Ribery , whose shot was deflected into his own net by Douglas Sequeira . The game appeared to be heading for a draw before Valbuena came off the bench to slam in the winner seven minutes from time . Meanwhile , Edson Buddle and Herculez Gomez were the surprise names in the 23-man U.S. squad for the World Cup . Coach Bob Bradley cut seven players from his initial roster , namely defenders Chad Marshall and Heath Pearce ; midfielders Alejandro Bedoya , Sacha Kljestan and Robbie Rogers ; and forwards Brian Ching and Eddie Johnson . The Americans , beaten 4-2 by the Czech Republic on Tuesday , take on England on June 12 in Rustenburg in their opening World Cup match . England striker Wayne Rooney has played down fears he is not fully fit . Rooney suffered from groin and ankle injuries towards the end of the season with Manchester United and had a stiff neck during England 's 3-1 victory over Mexico on Monday . "  Fitness-wise I feel good , " Rooney told reporters at the England camp . "  I have been in every training session with England since we got together . "	Robin van Persie scores two first-half goals as the Netherlands beat Mexico 2-1 Mathieu Valbuena comes off the bench to score winner as France defeat Costa Rica Buddle and Gomez picked in U.S. 23-man squad for World Cup in South Africa England striker Wayne Rooney allays fears over fitness for tournament
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China 's online marketplace Taobao is offering buyers the chance to look like a world leader -- for less than $ 30 . Shops on the site are selling imitations of the so-called "  New Chinese Suits " worn by U.S. President Barack Obama and other leaders at this week 's APEC banquet dinner in Beijing . The traditional-style Chinese button down shirts that have a modern high collar are selling for as little as $ 27 , with the more high-end ones going for nearly $ 800 . And it 's not all about the male leaders -- the longer Chinese button down jackets and traditional long dresses emblazoned with floral embroidery worn by female leaders and the spouses of their male counterparts are also for sale . Some shops are taking made-to-fit orders , with many vendors displaying photos of Obama wearing the suit next to their products . Trending ? One vendor described the outfits as "  specially designed to respect China 's rich history and old traditions , " representing "  diversity , openness and tolerance . " But the "  New Chinese suit " may not be taking off as a trend . Some Weibo users -- a popular Chinese micro-blogging network similar to Twitter -- do n't quite see what the designers were going for . "  They look like shrouds , " posted one user , referring to traditional Chinese burial outfits for the dead . Another Weibo user said the U.S. president resembled Wong Fei-hung , a popular martial arts folk hero , in his Chinese attire . As for sales , by noon local time on Friday , only seven orders for the "  New Chinese suits " had been successfully placed on Taobao -- no one had ordered the top end $ 800 suit . CNN 's Vivian Kam in Hong Kong and Serena Dong in Beijing contributed to this report .	So-called "  New Chinese Suits " worn by world leaders at APEC meeting for sale online Traditional Chinese button down shirts are selling for as little as $ 27 on Taobao site But the shirts do n't seem to be creating a buzz on social media in China yet
First lady Michelle Obama 's drive to stop a Republican-led effort to slow adoption of nutrition standards for school meals , a centerpiece of her anti-obesity "  Let 's Move " campaign , was dealt a setback in Congress . Democrats aligned with Mrs. Obama on the issue failed on Thursday to strip the proposal from a $ 142.5 billion Agriculture Department spending bill , which was approved by the Appropriations Committee and sent to the full House for consideration . The controversial plan offered by Rep. Robert Aderholt of Alabama would give schools struggling financially an extra year to comply with rules approved by Congress in 2010 to limit fat and salt and promote fruits , vegetables and whole grains . "  I want to be clear that everybody supports healthy lunches and meals for children , but the bottom line is the schools are finding the regulations to be too much too quick , " Aderholt said during consideration of the measure by the appropriations panel . "  School districts need more time to implement the changes . " An amendment proposed by Democratic Rep. Sam Farr of California to strip Aderholt 's language from the bill failed 29-22 on a party line vote . "  It gives schools an opt-out saying you do n't have to participate in the school lunch program cause it 's hard . Well , we do n't tell kids , ` Look you do n't have to take math if it 's hard or science if it 's hard . You do n't have do P.E. if it 's hard , ' " Farr said . "  This opt out for nutrition is just the wrong way to go particularly at this moment in American history when we 're really trying to figure out how we can raise a healthier society , " Farr said . Mrs. Obama 's strong pushback on a legislative issue marks a rare political foray . She has promoted healthy eating and exercise through her White House garden and her "  Let 's Move " campaign for years , but she has never previously inserted herself so deeply into a congressional debate . She has taken a public stance on the bill and urged Democrats , health advocates and ordinary people to fight the waiver and other proposed changes to nutrition programs . "  Remember a few years ago when Congress declared that the sauce on a slice of pizza should count as a vegetable in school lunches ? " she wrote in an opinion piece published in the New York Times on Thursday . "  You do n't have to be a nutritionist to know that this does n't make much sense . Yet , we 're seeing the same thing happening again with these new efforts to lower nutrition standards in our schools . Our children deserve so much better than this , " she said . Mrs. Obama hosted a roundtable on school meals on Tuesday and an off-the-record conference call with advocates last week , and her office says she is not backing down on this issue . Farr hopes the waiver language can ultimately be defeated in the full House . Similar legislation in the Senate does not include the waiver language . If it survives a House vote and the Senate approves its version of agriculture spending without it , then the two chambers would have to resolve the issue through negotiation .	Michelle Obama is fighting GOP-led effort to slow adoption of nutrition standards Rules approved in 2010 aim to promote healthy eating in school lunches But Republicans say some schools ca n't afford to implement the new standards They proposed a one-year waiver for financially strapped schools , Democrats failed to block change
Boston  CNN  -- What scientists say is the largest concentration of endangered right whales ever spotted in one location is giving researchers an unusually rich opportunity to study the animals and their feeding habits . But the gathering , an annual affair in the chilly spring waters off Cape Cod Bay in Massachusetts , also raises the threat of boats striking the 70-ton mammals , according to the state Division of Marine Fisheries . The agency has posted an advisory to boaters urging them to be on the lookout for the whales and steer clear . Scientists believe that there are only 450 right whales in the world but say the numbers have been slowly recovering since commercial whaling of the species was banned more than 70 years ago . The more than 100 whales counted in the bay this month is the largest number recorded in one place , according to the Provincetown Center for Coastal Studies in Provincetown , Massachusetts . "  We 're looking at an exceedingly rare animal in unusual numbers in one of their last critical habitats , " Charles Mayo , a scientist at the center who studies right whales , said Friday . Why so many in one place ? In a word , food , said Mayo . One way or another , the whales caught wind of a unusually rich repast of plankton available in the waters of the bay and arrived to take advantage of the easy dining , Mayo said . The plankton bloom often occurs , but it 's been particularly rich and long-lasting this year for unknown reasons , he said . There have been no boat strikes on the many whales contained in the bay 's waters , said Dan McKiernan , deputy director of the state Marine Fisheries Division . In fact , the last known fatal strike on a whale in the area happened in 1999 , he said . State and federal law makes it a crime to close within 500 yards of a right whale , according to the state Marine Fisheries Division . Seeing so many right whales in the same place is encouraging for researchers , even though they are well aware that the species is on the road to recovery after dipping in the early 1900s to as few as a handful of breeding females and male suitors . It 's also a spectacle for the public , Mayo said . The whales feed on the surface and can be seen from shore , he said . "  Anytime you see a whale from the beach that 's actually alive , it 's pretty exciting , " he said . The whales should begin trickling out of the bay sometime in the next few days heading for deeper waters offshore , Mayo said .	Scientists count record number of right whales in Cape Cod Bay A rich food source is drawing the whales Only 450 right whales are known to exist , scientists say
A century ago this Saturday on a street corner in Sarajevo , Gavrilo Princip fired the shot that started World War I when he killed Archduke Franz Ferdinand . What do we know about history 's greatest teenage troublemaker ? 1 . His name was Gavrilo , or Gabriel . Our history teachers taught us that World War I began after a gunman killed Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo on June 28 , 1914 . The shooting acted as a trigger , metastasizing from a Balkan street corner into a continental crisis by releasing pent-up tension between rival blocs of Great European Powers : the Austro-Hungarian Empire and Germany on one side and France , Russia and Great Britain on the other . The name of the gunman was Gavrilo Princip , his first name meaning Gabriel in his mother tongue , Serbian . His mother had wanted to call him Spiro after her late brother , but the local priest intervened saying the boy should be name after the Archangel Gabriel . Statue of assassin who unleashed WWI unveiled in Sarajevo 2 . He was only 19 when he triggered the first global conflict . Surely history 's greatest teenage troublemaker , Princip was a student in his last year of high school -- the eighth grade -- when he fired the shot that sparked World War I. His exact age was a matter of intense legal scrutiny after the assassination because so many people in Austria-Hungary believed a death sentence appropriate for the assassin who had killed the heir to the Habsburg empire . But the Austro-Hungarian legal code was clear on capital punishment . Only those 20 years of age or older on the day of the offense could be executed . The recorded birth date for Gavrilo Princip was 13 July , 1894 , making him 19 years , 11 months and 15 days on the day of the assassination , in other words just two weeks inside the deadline that would have seen him hanged . It all got a bit complicated when a council record was found by investigators that suggested he had actually been born on 13 June 1894 , making him old enough to execute . But after much legal debate it was accepted that this record was a mistake -- the month of July in the Cyrillic script used by the parish can easily be mistaken for June . Princip was sentenced to 20 years in prison -- the maximum penalty for someone his age at the time -- but would be dead before the guns of WWI fell silent , dying of tuberculosis in the hospital at his jail on April 28 , 1918 . 3 . He had the same nationality as Adolf Hitler . 100 years ago , at the twilight of the grand imperial era , the notions of the nation state and of nationality belonged to the future . Countries like Poland , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Hungary and Austria did not exist . Instead they were bundled together in the sprawling Habsburg Empire , also known as Austria-Hungary , a muddle of divergent ethnic groups often speaking very different languages , and of varying vintages , all under the imperial control of Vienna -- the system was so chaotic that in parts of the empire vehicles drove on the left , elsewhere on the right . Gavrilo Princip was born in a province of Austria-Hungary that had recently been acquired , an area known as Bosnia Herzegovina . For centuries it had been occupied by the Ottoman Empire but in 1878 it was "  flipped , " becoming Habsburg territory overnight . Its citizens did not have passports but they did have travel passes , and as a young man Gavrilo Princip qualified for the same type of pass as that given to Adolf Hitler , who was born further to the northwest , but still within the Austro-Hungarian empire . 4 . As an assassin , Princip had the luck of the devil . The driver of the Archduke 's car should have driven straight past Princip at speed but , because of a misunderstanding , he turned the car on the exact corner where Princip was standing and was immediately shouted at to stop . Princip found his target a sitting duck right in front of him . He fired only one shot at the Archduke with a pistol . By a fluke the bullet cut Franz Ferdinand 's jugular vein . He was dead in a matter of minutes . 5 . He was not a Serb nationalist . Princip was actually a south Slav nationalist ; although ethnically a Bosnian Serb , he supported a group of activists calling for the unification of all local Slav people in Bosnia : Muslims , Croats and Serbs . Their dream was to drive out the Habsburg occupier , so shooting the Archduke was seen as a "  grand gesture " to inspire others to rise up against the foreign power . 6 . The plan worked , but at a terrible price . The shooting triggered a war that Princip could never have anticipated . Millions died and empires fell -- and eventually , the hated Austro-Hungarians were driven out of Bosnia . As a result , the local Slavs had the chance to unite in one country , later called Yugoslavia , meaning a nation for south Slavs . In the eyes of some locals there , Princip could be heralded as a "  liberator . " 7 : His legacy in the Balkans was toxic . The wars that ripped Bosnia apart in the 1990s were driven by ethnic divisions between the local Slav communities : Serb , Croat , Muslim . The dream of all local Slavs living together was shattered . Though Princip fired his gun a hundred years ago in hopes of freeing his Slav kinfolk , today he is "  blamed " for being an ethnic Bosnian Serb , tainted by association with those extremists responsible for committing atrocities during the Balkans war . The issue is so toxic that , as the centenary of the June 28 , 1914 assassination approached , in Bosnia there was no national consensus on how it should be acknowledged . History 's greatest teenage troublemaker is also , perhaps , history 's most toxic teenage troublemaker . READ MORE : June 2014 : Echoes of June 1914 ? WATCH : The signature that started World War I	Gavrilo Princip fired the shot that started World War I when he killed Archduke Franz Ferdinand Princip , a Slav nationalist , wanted to drive the Austro-Hungarians out of Bosnia He was a high school student when he carried out the assassination , in Sarajevo He got close to his victim purely by chance , and only fired one shot
March 18 , 2015 Israelis have voted in a globally significant election . U.S. aid workers who 've been exposed to an Ebola patient are being monitored . ISIS terrorists have destroyed some of Iraq 's treasured artifacts . A professional football player has walked away from a dream job over health concerns . And a roving camera in the shape of a bowling ball could depict the future of surveillance technology . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Cleanup and rebuilding from the epic Colorado floods will take years , but there are ways to help organizations making a difference now . The American Red Cross The American Red Cross is providing food , shelter and relief supplies to thousands of people forced from their homes . More than 250 trained Red Cross disaster workers are on the ground providing support . The organization is encouraging evacuees to register on Safe and Well to let friends and family know they 're safe . You can also search for people on the site . You can register online or call 1-800-Red-Cross  1-800-733-2767  . To make a monetary donation , visit the Colorado chapter website or you can text REDCROSS to 90999 to give $ 10 to American Red Cross Disaster Relief . The Salvation Army The Salvation Army has called in disaster services personnel from areas of California , Utah and Wyoming to meet the growing need for assistance . In three days the organization has provided first responders and evacuees with more than 10,000 meals . Thanks to partnerships with King Soopers and Pepsi , close to 70,000 bottles of water have also been donated . To prepare for the recovery process , The Salvation Army has ordered more than 2,000 flood cleanup kits . To help with their efforts , visit www.imsalvationarmy.org or call 1-800-SAL-ARMY  1-800-725-2769  and designate "  Colorado Floods . " You may also text GIVEHOPEIM to 80888 to donate $ 10 to The Salvation Army . Save the Children Over the weekend , Save the Children opened a child-friendly space in one of the largest evacuation centers , Lifebridge Church in Longmont , to give children a safe place to play , express themselves and find a sense of normalcy amid the chaos . School will be closed until at least Thursday . Save the Children is also a partner of the Red Cross in opening additional child-friendly spaces in shelters . To donate to the U.S. Emergencies Fund , click here . The United Way Three funds for specific Colorado counties have been set up in conjunction with the local United Way offices to support long-term recovery efforts like transitional housing and health needs : Boulder and Broomfield countiesâ $ " Foothills Flood Relief Fund Weld County -- Weld County Flood Relief Fund Larimer County -- Larimer County Floods : Long-Term Recovery Fund Helping Pets The Boulder Valley Humane society has accepted more than 60 animals from displaced families and donations will allow the shelter to continue to care for them . Click here to help .	Rescue efforts still underway in Colorado flooding aftermath Food and water running low in some communities , officials say Charities are on the ground , donations needed
CNN  Police in Charlottesville , Virginia , will publicly discuss on Monday the results of their investigation into an alleged gang rape of a University of Virginia student , which was initially reported last year in Rolling Stone magazine . The police findings could put to rest a complicated controversy about the alleged gang rape of a female student at a fraternity party . The accusation has been controversial because of the nature of such a crime and because the accusation itself has been clouded by subsequent questions about the Rolling Stone article . After the account was published last fall , Rolling Stone magazine later apologized for discrepancies in its article about the alleged gang rape after friends of the victim expressed doubts about the woman 's account and the accused fraternity chapter denied key details . CNN senior media correspondent Brian Stelter described Rolling Stone 's announcement as falling short of a full-scale retraction . It remains unclear what really happened to the female student , Stelter said . "  We are in the phase here where Rolling Stone is trying to figure that out , " Stelter said in December . "  They 've apologized , but not retracted . So they 're not saying the story is false . They 're just saying there are some questions they need to figure out the answers to still . " The Charlottesville Police Department will hold its press conference at 2 p.m. ET on Monday . Rolling Stone editors had chosen not to contact the man who allegedly "  orchestrated the attack on ` Jackie '  the woman who was the subject of the article  nor any of the men she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her , " a decision the magazine said it regretted . "  In the face of new information , there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie 's account , and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced , " Rolling Stone said in December . Rolling Stone Managing Editor Will Dana later tweeted that "  the truth would have been better served by getting the other side of the story . " University of Virginia pledges zero-tolerance in rape cases The article chronicled the school 's failure to respond to that alleged assault . It prompted an emergency meeting by the school 's governing board and the announcement of a zero-tolerance approach toward sexual assault cases . According to the magazine , Jackie , who at the time had just started her freshman year at the Charlottesville school , claimed she was raped by seven men at Phi Kappa Psi fraternity , while two more gave encouragement , during a party . However , the University of Virginia 's Phi Kappa Psi chapter did not have a party the night of September 28 , 2012 , the date when the alleged attack occurred , or at all that weekend , the chapter said . The chapter 's lawyer , Ben Warthen , told CNN that is proved by email and fraternity records . Warthen said there were other discrepancies in the accuser 's account . For example , the accused orchestrator of the alleged rape did not belong to the fraternity , the fraternity house has no side staircase , and there were no pledges at that time of year . Jackie told the magazine she hurried out a side staircase after the incident and said her attackers egged each other on , asking , "  Do n't you want to be a brother ? " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Melissa Gray and Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	Police will discuss their investigative findings into an alleged rape of a UVA student The student 's allegations have been clouded by controversy
CNN  -- There 's no cure for Ebola . So why have some patients walked away healthy while others in the West died ? Dr. Kent Brantly , Nancy Writebol and Dr. Rick Sacra all contracted the disease while working in Liberia -- and all survived . Spanish nurse 's aide Teresa Romero Ramos got the virus while tending to stricken patients . She too lived . But like the patients above , Thomas Eric Duncan and Spanish priest Miguel Pajares also received treatment in the West . Yet they died . While there might not be a single , conclusive answer , a series of factors may contribute to survival . Early , high-quality treatment This may be the most critical factor in beating Ebola . The survivors in the United States all have one thing in common -- they were rushed to two of the country 's four hospitals that have been preparing for years to treat a highly infectious disease such as Ebola . Brantly and Writebol were successfully treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta ; Sacra was released from the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha . Duncan did n't go to one of those four hospitals . He went to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas with a fever and told them he 'd recently returned from Liberia . Yet the hospital initially sent him home with antibiotics . Then , after he returned to the hospital much more ill , two nurses became sick with the virus . They have since been moved to more specialized facilities such as Emory and the National Institutes of Health in Maryland . But that does n't mean patients are doomed just because they go to a different hospital . "  Keep in mind that this is still a very deadly disease , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . "  In West Africa , the mortality rates are above 60 % . I think it is better in the United States . But they 're not going to be zero , I think no matter where somebody is . " Spanish nurse 's aide found to be Ebola-free in third test Quick rehydration After finding a hospital capable of treating Ebola , those who survive are usually rehydrated quickly . "  The most important care of patients with Ebola is to manage their fluids and electrolytes , to make sure that they do n't get dehydrated , " said Dr. Tom Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  And that requires some meticulous attention to detail and aggressive rehydration in many cases . " And if an infected patient getting proper care normally has a strong immune system , the chance of surviving goes up . But what may seem basic in the United States can be difficult to come by in West Africa , where Ebola has already killed more than 4,500 people -- largely because access to health care is limited . Yet Nigeria has successfully eradicated Ebola from the country , the World Health Organization said Monday . Unlike in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- the combined epicenter of the oubreak -- all identified contacts in Nigeria were physically monitored every day for 21 days , WHO said . Plasma transfusions Three Ebola patients -- Sacra , NBC cameraman Ashoka Mukpo and Texas nurse Nina Pham -- all received plasma donations from Brantly . And all three have survived . The theory is that Brantly 's plasma contains the antibodies necessary to fight the virus . "  It 's very fortunate that the three patients I 've been able to donate to , they and I share the same blood type , " Brantly told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  I 'll keep doing it as much as it 's needed , as much as I can . " There was some controversy about why Brantly did n't give plasma to Duncan . But the problem came down to blood type , Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital said . WHO to review Ebola response amid criticism of its efforts Experimental drugs Medication that has n't gone through clinical trials can be risky . But with a mortality rate of 50 % in the current Ebola outbreak , a WHO panel said it is ethical to offer drugs to fight the virus -- even if their effectiveness or adverse effects are unknown . The experimental drugs at the center of this Ebola outbreak are ZMapp , Favipiravir , Brincidofovir and TKM-Ebola . Brantly and Writebol both took ZMapp , and both survived . But Pajares also took ZMapp , and he died . The director of Emory 's Infectious Disease Unit cautioned against viewing ZMapp as a surefire cure . "  They are the very first individuals to have ever received this agent , " Dr. Bruce Ribner said . "  There is no prior experience with it , and frankly , we do not know whether it helped them , whether it made no difference , or even , theoretically , if it delayed their recovery . " Spanish nurse 's aide Teresa Romero Ramos took the anti-viral drug Favipiravir and also received antibodies from a survivor in West Africa . She is now free of the virus . In addition to getting a blood transfusion , Sacra received an experimental drug called TKM-Ebola , which the Food and Drug Administration recently approved for wider use . Duncan took a different untested drug , Brincidofovir . But he did n't receive it until six days after being admitted to the Texas hospital . Had he taken it earlier , the outcome might have been different . CNN 's Al Goodman , Elizabeth Cohen , Faith Karimi and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Three patients in the U.S. have received plasma from another survivor At least four in West survived after taking experimental drugs ; two died Early treatment at specialized facilities for Ebola has netted positive results But mortality rate wo n't be zero "  no matter where somebody is , " Dr. Sanjay Gupta says
ARBIL , Iraq  CNN  -- Two United Arab Emirates based companies announced on Tuesday that they will be investing in the Iraq 's autonomous region of Kurdistan . Nechirvan Barzani , Prime Minister of the Kurdish Regional Government , called the project "  a significant contribution to the Iraqi economy . " Four hundred and sixty one million square feet have been officially assigned to "  Gas Cities LLC , " a joint venture between Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum , both Sharjah-based companies , to establish a new venture : "  Kurdistan Gas City . " Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial , residential and commercial buildings in an integrated city . The expected initial investment in basic infrastructure is estimated at $ 3 billion , with further foreign direct investment exceeding $ 40 billion during the operations phase . Work will start on the project , which is designed to promote private sector investment in a variety of gas-related industries , on September 21 . Gas City is structured to hold over 20 varieties of world scale petrochemical and heavy manufacturing plants , and hundreds of small and medium-sized enterprises  SMEs  , served by state-of-the-art facilities . Mr Nechirvan Barzani , Prime Minister of the Kurdistan Regional Government , said : "  Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum have made a significant contribution to the Iraqi economy through their work in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq thus far , we are making significant progress in spurring on economic growth and creating opportunity for our people . " Hamid Jafar , Executive Chairman of Dana Gas , explained the importance of this achievement saying : "  The Kurdistan Gas City is an enormous step forward in Dana Gas ' strategy across the Middle East , North Africa and South Asia . " The Kurdistan Gas City is projected to generate job opportunities for nearly 200,000 Iraqi citizens in infrastructure , industrial projects , support services and other business activities . This is not the first project for Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum in Iraq 's Kurdistan Region , the two companies are committed to a service agreement signed in April 2007 with the Kurdistan Regional Government to build 180 kilometers of natural gas pipeline and two liquefied petroleum gas  LPG  plants , which are 80 percent complete . The project is on track and will start pumping 150 million cubic feet of gas per day in the coming weeks , rising to 300 million cubic feet by early 2009 . Other companies from the UAE showed similar interest in Kurdistan Region "  Damac Properties " one of the major private developers in the regions revealed on June 3 plans for a $ 16 billion residential , commercial and recreational project .	Emirati companies making significant investments in Kurdistan Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial , residential and commercial buildings Work will start on the project on September 21
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Up to 80,000 items at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library are unaccounted for , probably because of haphazard record-keeping and inventory procedures , officials said Thursday . An audit found "  significant breakdown in internal controls " at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library . An audit completed last month by the National Archives and Records Administration 's inspector general looked at the management of presidential artifacts at six presidential libraries . It "  cites particular issues at the Ronald Reagan Library . ... We acknowledge that problems exist in inventory control at the Reagan library , " said a statement from Allen Weinstein , national archivist . Inspector General Paul Brachfield was more blunt . A "  significant breakdown in internal controls " was found at the Reagan library , in Simi Valley , California , he said in a statement Thursday . The audit results prompted the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation to urge the National Archives -- which is responsible for maintaining the artifacts -- to move quickly to fix the problems . The chairman of the board of trustees has contacted Weinstein "  to express the serious concerns and disappointment on behalf of the Reagan Foundation and Mrs. Reagan , " the foundation said . Library officials told auditors that "  the collection contained approximately 100,000 items , yet the library systems only had information to locate and account for approximately 20,000 items , " Brachfield said . "  This does not automatically mean the approximately 80,000 remaining items are missing . The vast majority may very well be safely located within the library 's storage facilities . ... Some of these items may be missing or stolen , or none of these items may be missing or stolen . " Control deficiencies at the library created an environment that could potentially have been exploited , Brachfield said . Although Congress has a copy of the audit , it has not yet been made public because of the ongoing investigation into the whereabouts of the items . The count of 100,000 was an estimate taken from the original Reagan White House Gift Unit database , Weinstein said Thursday , but was never meant to be used as a concrete inventory control number . The Reagan library has already begun implementing recommendations from the audit , he said . It has upgraded its management inventory software , is hiring additional trained museum staff , has begun a comprehensive inventory and is addressing storage issues by reshelving artifacts and taking steps to protect artifacts in case of an earthquake . "  Like all of the presidential libraries , the Reagan library stores their gifts in a locked vault , which is protected by a security camera , " Weinstein said . The audit examined management of artifacts at the Reagan library ; the Franklin D. Roosevelt library ; the John F. Kennedy library ; the Gerald R. Ford library ; the George Bush library ; and the William J. Clinton library , Weinstein said . "  Early collections of artifacts came to presidential libraries with few controls and incomplete information relating to the collections , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Of 100,000 items , library systems are able to locate about 20,000 Inspector general : This does not mean the remaining items are missing Inspector general : Items may "  be safely located within the library 's storage " Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation expresses "  serious concerns "
CNN  -- Five-time Olympic swimming champion Ian Thorpe is sick from post-surgery infections and probably wo n't ever swim competitively again , his manager James Erskine said Tuesday to Australian news media , including CNN affiliate Seven Network . The Australian 's condition is serious but not life-threatening , and he is being treated at a hospital in Sydney , Erskine told the Australian Associated Press . Erskine denied earlier media reports that Thorpe could lose the use of an arm , the AAP reported Tuesday . Seven Network had reported that "  those close to Thorpe " were worried infections could jeopardize the use of an arm . The network did not name the sources . Thorpe required shoulder surgery in January after falling at home , his management company has said . He retired from competitive action in 2006 , only to launch a comeback in which he tried but failed to qualify for the 2012 Olympics . Ian Thorpe : Swimming star in rehab He had hoped to be selected for the Commonwealth Games in Scotland last July , but a shoulder injury led to him again retiring from competitive swimming . The swimmer , nicknamed "  Thorpedo , " won three gold and two silver medals at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney . He followed up his success four years later in Athens by taking two more gold medals . Thorpe also won 11 World Championships gold medals , including six in 2001 . CNN 's Jennifer Deaton and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Thorpe probably will never again swim competitively , manager says Thorpe contracted infections after shoulder injuries , manager says Australian swimmer retired last year after shoulder injury ; required surgery after January fall Thorpe won three Olympic gold medals in 2000 ; two more in 2004
CNN  -- A Canadian border officer who was gunned down in her booth by a passing motorist , who soon after apparently committed suicide , is in stable condition , authorities said Wednesday . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the officer and her family , " Vic Toews , minister of public safety , told reporters in Ottawa . The shooting occurred Tuesday at a border crossing across from Blaine , Washington , from where the motorist had been traveling , authorities said . The border guard was airlifted to a nearby hospital , and the man who shot her was pronounced dead at the scene , apparently from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , said Surrey Royal Canadian Mounted Police Cpl. Bert Paquet . The shooter was driving into Canada in a car with Washington state plates , he said . The man 's identity is not yet clear , and authorities closed the border crossing immediately after the incident . The shooting occurred at the Peace Arch crossing in British Columbia , which is also known as the Douglas crossing . Canadian authorities are asking motorists to use another area crossing , said Faith St. John with the Canada Border Services Agency . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police are investigating . Dave Noble told CNN affiliate CTV that he saw a chaotic scene when he arrived at the crossing Tuesday . About a dozen border guards with guns drawn encircled a white van . "  They had it surrounded . ... You knew something had gone down , " he said . "  It 's very shocking . I feel terrible for the border guard . I come here quite a bit , and do n't know any of them personally ... but there are some really nice people that work here . " Authorities told Lisa Kennedy that she and her family would be waiting for a while . She saw all the ambulances and police cars pull up to the scene , where the van 's doors were opened . "  They said , ` Hold on , you guys are going to be here for a long time . We 've had an injury , a fairly serious one , ' " Kennedy told CTV . Jagdar Randhawa said he heard the gunfire . "  All of sudden , I hear two shots , " he said Tuesday . "  Then we wait for a while . We 're still waiting for a long time . " About 60 vehicles were stranded on the Canadian side of the border .	The shooting occurred at a border crossing across from Blaine , Washington The border officer was airlifted to a nearby hospital The Royal Canadian Mounted Police are investigating
The Minnesota Vikings made a mistake . And they want to "  get things right . " The two statements were repeated several times by owners and members of the team 's front office during a media day news conference Wednesday , the first 20 minutes of which were dominated by questions about star running back Adrian Peterson , who stands accused of felony child abuse in Texas . "  We made a mistake , and we needed to get this right , " co-owner Zygil Wilf said . "  Our goal is to always make the decision we think is right . " After Wilf left the podium , a reporter asked Wilf 's brother , co-owner Mark Wilf , general manager Rick Spielman and Kevin Warren , executive vice president of legal affairs , whether the team wanted to apologize to the boy that Peterson is charged with abusing or the boy 's mother . There was a brief pause before Mark Wilf said , "  Again , our focus is to get things right , and we support Adrian . " The move to keep Peterson "  away from all team activities " marked a change in course for the Vikings , which had earlier said that Peterson would practice this week and could play in Sunday 's game against the New Orleans Saints Peterson was placed on an exempt list , the team announced early Wednesday , so that he can deal with the felony child abuse charge stemming from the June discipline of his son , whom Peterson has said he never intended to injure . Who put Peterson on the list ? While there was some initial confusion as to whether the Vikings placed him on the list or whether Peterson made the decision , Spielman clarified that at the news conference , explaining that only Commissioner Roger Goodell can place a player on the NFL 's exempt/commissioner 's permission list . Warren made it a point to emphasize that the discussion about revisiting Peterson 's situation began with the Vikings , which conveyed its intentions to the NFL . "  This was a decision made by the Vikings , " he said . Spielman said he met with Peterson on Tuesday , and while he declined to discuss the specifics of that conversation , he said the running back was "  unselfish " and wanted to step away to "  give the Vikings an opportunity to focus on football . " Peterson will take a leave with pay until his legal issues are resolved . "  This is a good decision that will allow Adrian Peterson to resolve his personal situation and the Vikings to return the focus to the football field , " NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said in an email to CNN . The NFL Personnel Policy explains the designation : "  The Exempt List is a special player status available to clubs only in unusual circumstances . The List includes those players who have been declared by the Commissioner to be temporarily exempt from counting within the Active List limit . "  Only the Commissioner has the authority to place a player on the Exempt List ; clubs have no such authority , and no exemption , regardless of circumstances , is automatic . The Commissioner also has the authority to determine in advance whether a player 's time on the Exempt List will be finite or will continue until the Commissioner deems the exemption should be lifted and the player returned to the Active List . " In a statement released Wednesday afternoon , Peterson 's attorney , Rusty Hardin , said his client wanted to continue to contribute to his team and the community , but that was possible only by resolving his case through the legal system and not "  the court of public opinion . " "  Ultimately , it will be up to a judge and jury to decide this case , which is the way it should be . Ours is the greatest legal system in the world , and Adrian is confident that a just result will emerge once all the facts are presented , " the statement said . Decision rescinded Though the team deactivated him for Sunday 's game against the New England Patriots , the Vikings announced this week that Peterson would return to practice and be allowed to play Sunday . It was a short-lived decision , one the team would repeatedly call a mistake Wednesday . "  While we were trying to make a balanced decision  Monday  , after further reflection we have concluded that this resolution is best for the Vikings and for Adrian , " said the Wednesday statement from the Wilf brothers . "  We want to be clear : We have a strong stance regarding the protection and welfare of children , and we want to be sure we get this right . " Peterson is considered one of the best running backs in the NFL -- if not the best . His absence was probably felt during the Vikings ' 30-7 loss to the Patriots on Sunday . In 2011 , the Oklahoma University product agreed to a lucrative contract , which NFL.com reported would be worth $ 100 million over a seven-year period . But his fortunes have taken a turn for the worse since his indictment last week on a felony charge of causing bodily injury to his son . On Tuesday , he lost one of his most significant endorsement deals when Castrol , a major producer of motor oil , pulled out . Castrol used Peterson in commercials for its Edge performance oil product and on social media . Many recent social media posts of his likeness have been pulled down , and the commercials are no longer available on YouTube . His other major sponsor , Nike , said late last week it would stand by its athlete for the time being . One of the team 's sponsors , the Radisson hotel chain , announced Monday night that it was suspending its "  limited sponsorship of the Minnesota Vikings while we evaluate the facts and circumstances . " Also , the website for Peterson 's All Day Foundation was taken offline after the charities represented on the site received "  harassing " calls from gossip sites , said his philanthropic adviser , Bruce Richmond . "  We took the website offline because the charities that Adrian supports were getting calls from the media and were getting harassed by the media , " Richmond told CNN . "  I spoke to one communication director saying she had received about a dozen calls today from the same gossip site . " The allegations After his indictment last week , Peterson turned himself in to East Texas authorities Saturday and was released on a $ 15,000 bond . A preliminary court hearing is scheduled for October 8 . According to Texas law , people can be convicted of injury to a child if they cause bodily or mental injury "  intentionally , knowingly , recklessly or with criminal negligence " or cause such harm by omission . The crime is punishable by up to two years in a state jail and a $ 1,000 fine . Photos obtained by TMZ allegedly show Peterson 's son 's leg covered in marks that could have come from a switch , or thin tree branch . Some of the marks in the photo appeared to have broken the skin . Authorities have n't divulged the details of what led to the charge . But Peterson 's lawyer said the "  charged conduct involves using a switch to spank his son , " explaining that his client did so while doling out discipline much like "  he experienced as a child growing up in east Texas . " Adrian Peterson and the false gospel of spanking Hardin said that "  Adrian never intended to harm his son and deeply regrets the unintentional injury . " Peterson defended himself Monday , saying he is "  not a perfect parent , but I am , without a doubt , not a child abuser . " The developments came as CNN affiliate KHOU reported this week that Peterson allegedly abused another one of his children -- a 4-year-old son . Sources told KHOU that the mother of the child filed a complaint with Child Protective Services in Texas because she alleged that Peterson beat the child while he was visiting his father at his Houston-area home . According to the report , text messages between Peterson and the boy 's mother show that Peterson admitted disciplining the child , but he says the child hit his head on a car seat in the process . The cultural , regional and generational roots of spanking No charges were ever filed , according to KHOU . CNN reached out to Child Protective Services but has not received a response . Hardin said Peterson denied the report . "  The allegation of another investigation into Adrian Peterson is simply not true . This is not a new allegation . It 's one that is unsubstantiated and was shopped around to authorities in two states over a year ago , and nothing came of it , " Hardin said . "  An adult witness adamantly insists Adrian did nothing inappropriate with his son . "	"  We made a mistake , and we needed to get this right , " Minnesota Vikings co-owner says Running back Adrian Peterson must "  remain away from all team activities , " his team says Previously , the Vikings said Adrian Peterson should play while the legal process plays out Peterson is charged with felony child abuse after an incident involving disciplining his son
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A well-known Iranian filmmaker has written an open letter calling for the release of journalist Roxana Saberi . In a letter , Iranian filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi blames himself for urging Roxana Saberi to stay in Iran . Bahman Ghobadi said he kept quiet about the arrest and conviction of the Iranian-American journalist at the request of her family . After Saberi was convicted last weekend and sentenced to an eight-year prison sentence , he said he felt he had to do something . He told CNN that Saberi , whom he described as his fiancee , is caught in a "  game of politics . " In his letter , which has been posted by the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran , Ghobadi blames himself for urging Saberi to stay in Iran despite her desire to leave . Also , he writes , "  My letter is a desperate call to all statesmen ... and to all those who can do something to help . " "  From the other side of the ocean , the Americans have protested against her imprisonment , because she is an American citizen , " he writes . "  But I say no , she is Iranian , and she loves Iran . I beg you , let her go ! I beg you not to throw her in the midst of your political games ! She is too weak and too pure to take part in your games . Let me be present at her trial , sit next to her wise father and gentle mother , and testify she is without guilt or reproach . " The 40-year-old filmmaker said that Saberi was planning to leave the country , but he kept her from leaving until his latest film -- which will be shown at this year 's Cannes film festival -- was completed . Ghobadi won the 2000 Golden Camera award at the Cannes festival for his feature film , "  A Time for Drunken Horses . " Saberi , 31 , was sentenced Saturday to eight years in prison after a one-day trial that was closed to the public . The decision prompted sharp denunciations from President Barack Obama , as well as other U.S. and international officials . Iranian officials initially said Saberi was held for buying a bottle of wine . The Foreign Ministry later said she was detained for reporting without proper accreditation . On April 9 , word emerged that Saberi had been charged with espionage . Saberi 's lawyer has said he will appeal the verdict . Judiciary Chief Ayatollah Hashemi Shahroudi has ordered the head of Tehran 's Justice Department to make sure the appeals process is quick and fair . Ghobadi wrote that he is "  optimistic about her release , and I firmly hope the verdict will be canceled in the next stage of the trial . " "  My Iranian girl with Japanese eyes and an American ID , is in jail . Shame on me ! Shame on us ! " CNN 's Igor Krotov and Shirzad Bozorghmehr contributed to this report .	Iranian filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi writes letter calling for release of jailed journalist Filmmaker says fiancee Roxana Saberi is caught in a "  game of politics " Journalist "  is without guilt or reproach , " filmmaker 's letter says "  Shame on me ! Shame on us ! " the letter concludes
CNN  -- Five years ago , the Venezuelan government had a mystery to solve , and a Florida man who held the key to unlocking it readily offered a helping hand . President Hugo Chavez had doubts about whether the great South American hero Simon Bolivar had died of tuberculosis , as most historical accounts state , or if he had been poisoned . An eventual test came back inconclusive , but so did the status of a "  treasure trove " of artifacts that Ricardo DeVengoechea had lent the government in its investigation . DeVengoechea is now suing Venezuela in a U.S. federal court , fighting to reclaim the valued items . When Venezuela decided to investigate Bolivar 's death , a necessary step would be to confirm that the remains the government would exhume indeed belonged to the revered hero . DeVengoechea , a photographer in Orlando , could help Venezuela out with that . His ancestors were one of Colombia 's founding families with ties to Bolivar , and had passed down to him a small collection worthy of a museum : a one-of-a-kind medal from a grateful Peru , signed letters and , most unique , a lock of Bolivar 's hair . His collection , particularly the DNA from the hair , could confirm Bolivar 's remains , and for a brief period in 2007 , Venezuela treated DeVengoechea like a king . A private jet flew him and his collection to Venezuela , where government officials greeted him . For a month , he accompanied the team of researchers who examined his artifacts . When he recalled that he had more artifacts at home , the Venezuelan government promptly purchased him round-trip commercial airfare to go retrieve them . DeVengoechea returned home , and as the months turned into years , his contacts with the Venezuelans diminished , according to a lawsuit filed in a Miami court . The Florida man did n't learn about the conclusion of the tests until he read about it in the press in July 2011 , the lawsuit says . The Venezuelan government had agreed to return the collection , but in late 2011 , DeVengoechea found his calls going unanswered and his letters to the Venezuelan Embassy unreturned . DeVengoechea 's suit says that Venezuela stole his belongings and must return the collection to him . "  Venezuela 's refusal to return the DeVengoechea Collection is a clear act of expropriation of DeVengoechea 's personal property in violation of international law , " the lawsuit states . "  These items were taken from their rightful owner by the government . " The Venezuelan Embassy in Washington did not immediately comment on the suit . Bolivar gave the items in the collection to DeVengoechea 's great-great-grandfather , Joaquin de Mier , the lawsuit states . In addition to the lock of hair and Liberation Medal awarded by Peru , the collection also includes epaulets from the military uniform of Napoleon Bonaparte , whom Bolivar met in France . Most historians say that tuberculosis killed Bolivar , who died in 1830 at the age of 47 . In 1819 , Bolivar founded Gran Colombia , a federation of what is now Venezuela , Colombia , Panama and Ecuador . He is credited with spreading democratic principles in Latin America . The exhumation was broadcast on television , and Chavez admitted to crying as the remains were recovered . "  Bolivar is alive . Let us not see him as a dead man and let us not see him as a skeleton . He is like lightning , like a sacred fire , " he said then . With the national anthem playing in the background , a group of scientists wearing white coats rolled up a black cloth , revealing a skeleton on the table below .	Ricardo DeVengoechea provided artifacts that helped a Venezuelan investigation DeVengoechea let Venezuela use DNA samples of Bolivar 's hair to confirm his remains But they never returned the sample or other artifacts to DeVengoechea He is now suing Venezuela in a U.S. court
"  Orange Is the New Black , " and it 's the new face of comedy , too . Since its debut in July 2013 , the original Netflix series has become the poster child for the way many of us now watch TV -- in large doses , on our own time , and often on something other than an actual television set . But before "  Orange Is the New Black " became the hottest topic for anyone with Internet access , it was a languishing concept from "  Weeds " producer Jenji Kohan , who was struggling to find a home for the series based on a book by Piper Kerman . As viewers learned in season one , "  Orange Is the New Black " follows a well-bred New Yorker named Piper Chapman  Taylor Schilling  , who gets sent to a Connecticut women 's prison on an old drug charge that involved smuggling money for ex-girlfriend Alex Vause  Laura Prepon  , who just happens to be serving time in the same facility . While there , Chapman gets indoctrinated into prison life with a series of scenes that have become infamous , like a bloody tampon given to her in a sandwich and a cellmate urinating on the floor . Chapman , along with characters like Red  Kate Mulgrew  , a grim Russian cook ; Sophia  Laverne Cox  , a transgender former firefighter ; Crazy Eyes  Uzo Aduba  , who 's initially fixated on Chapman ; and Pennsatucky  Taryn Manning  , a disturbed drug addict , bring this dark comedy to life in a way that would n't have been out of place on pay-cable networks like HBO or Showtime . Except neither network wanted it . And then , in walked Netflix . With the company 's image changing from being a source of mail-ordered movies to a streaming hub of entertainment , the service happily snapped up Kohan 's dark comedy . As the writer/producer recalled to The New York Times , Netflix "  pretty much bought it in the room . " The company 's eagerness has paid off in full , as "  Orange Is the New Black " has become the service 's most-watched original series , according to an October letter to shareholders , and is already renewed for a third season . But first , we have to prepare for season two 's arrival on Friday . Though cast members and Kohan are tight-lipped about what 's to come , here are a few tidbits on what to expect : 1 . Nudity . "  I love graphic sex , the more sex the better , " Kohan said at an industry lunch in April . And the show has certainly put some of its performers on display right from showering get-go . This year may include male nudity , Kohan said , with a caveat : "  I do n't think it 's going to be erect . " 2 . Triangle tension . You know that romantic triangle between prison guards Pornstache  Pablo Schreiber  and Bennett  Matt McGorry  and Daya  Dascha Polanco  ? It 's going to get messier . "  There 's kind of a tectonic shift happening between Pornstache , Bennett and Daya by the big point of the second season , and I think you might be surprised who you may be siding with in that triumvirate , " Schreiber told EW . 3 . A rising writer . Larry 's had some success with his column about having a fiancée in prison , but his relationship with her is under strain . "  If you 're going to keep Larry involved , there needs to be some sort of change , and there are some in store , " Jason Biggs , who plays Larry , told EW . 4 . More romance and back story . Big Boo  Lea DeLaria  and Nicky  Natasha Lyonne  are going to have a "  sex contest , " reports TV Guide . We 'll find out more about Red 's  Kate Mulgrew  Russian gangster past . And watch out for a key insect . 5 . A change of the guard ? A number of "  Orange " stars have commitments to other shows . Natasha Lyonne  Nicky  is doing an NBC show produced by Amy Poehler , and Schreiber is working on an HBO comedy . Laura Prepon  Alex  told the Daily Beast she will be in just four episodes in season two , though she 's indicated she 'd be willing to come back full-time for season three . Kohan is already thinking ahead . "  If I could keep cycling people through and bringing in new people , the show could go on forever , " she told EW .	"  Orange Is the New Black " season two releases Friday , June 6 Show is about a well-off character who ends up in a women 's prison A few details about the new season have slipped out
Remember when flying used to be romantic and glamorous ? No ? Back in the '60s and '70s , the airline industry had its challenges , but it also offered a lot of perks that travelers pine for today . Like a full meal , served on real china , even in coach . Like food that was more home-cooking than pre-packaged snack . Like wide , comfy seats with plenty of leg room . It all made travelers feel like they were doing more than simply hurtling through the air from Point A to Point B in a metal tube . It made them feel pampered . Flying proved that they were privileged . Anthony Toth , host of the Pan Am Experience , offers visitors a chance to re-create that feeling aboard a Pan Am Boeing 747 without leaving Los Angeles . Toth admits that he 's obsessed with Pan Am . Visitors to the tourist attraction can see a collection of memorabilia that he 's collected his entire life , such as branded carry-on bags , colorful luggage tags and warm blankets . "  I restored everything to look like it did back in the era of the '70s , when Pan Am was sort of in its heyday , " Toth said . The Pan Am Experience takes place in an airliner "  cabin " designed to look like the jumbo jets that Pan Am flew back in the day . There 's also a fake check-in counter . For aviation enthusiasts , it sure looks like fun . Settle into seats that make today 's equivalent seem like furniture for hobbits . Watch flight attendants glide through the cabin in retro uniforms . They wear hats ! They sport white gloves ! They greet each boarding "  passenger " with a glass of champagne ! A time machine transports visitors to a day before humans ate with plastic sporks . The flight attendants will serve you a four-course meal , the old-fashioned way , with silverware . The only thing you ca n't do that you could do on planes back then is smoke . It will remind you how much the airline industry has changed . Yet there 's one thing that has n't changed : the sticker shock . Tickets for a Pan Am Experience "  flight " range from about $ 200 to about $ 300 . The popularity of the Pan Am brand remains strong , decades after the airline went belly-up . ABC even tried a TV series in 2011 , starring Christina Ricci , about a group of Pan Am pilots and flight attendants who enjoyed the glamorous , globetrotting lifestyle of the emerging jet set in the 1960s . It appears the top-shelf passenger service of that era is gone forever , relegated to the likes of nostalgic TV dramas and specialty museums like the Pan Am Experience . The golden days of air travel : How glorious were they ?	Pan Am Experience offers the chance to "  fly " in the 1970s without leaving Los Angeles Host Anthony Toth admits he 's obsessed with the airline Tickets to the Pan Am Experience run $ 200 to $ 300 each
Arron Lewis , the suspect in the abduction and slaying of Arkansas real estate agent Beverly Carter , told reporters Tuesday that he pleaded not guilty to the charges only because his lawyer told him to . He said he wanted to plead guilty because he just wanted "  this to be over with . " Carter 's body was found in a shallow grave near Cabot , about 20 miles northeast of central Little Rock , the Pulaski County Sheriff 's Office said early Tuesday . As Lewis was escorted out of court Tuesday , he told reporters , including CNN affiliate KARK , that he wanted to plead guilty to the charges of kidnapping and capital murder , adding , "  I just want this all over with . " Asked whether he would have pleaded guilty even facing the death penalty , which the sheriff 's office said prosecutors will seek , he nodded in agreement . "  I 'm just sorry it all happened , " Lewis said . "  I just want it all over with . " The 33-year-old from Jacksonville , Arkansas , was arrested by authorities Monday . "  Lewis admitted ... to kidnapping Beverly Carter but would not divulge her whereabouts , " the sheriff 's office said . After he was booked into the Pulaski County Regional Detention Facility , investigators said they obtained information that led them to the property where the grave was located . Authorities think Lewis was a stranger to Carter before her abduction . They believe they have the right man in custody and are not currently seeking any other suspects , said Pulaski County Sheriff Doc Holladay . An investigation is ongoing . "  This case did not end as we had hoped . But now we must move forward to prepare a case for submission for trial that will result in the pursuit of justice , " the sheriff said . Family : We are devastated Lewis gave peculiar statements to reporters as he was led on a perp walk Monday night . On video from CNN affiliates KTHV and KARK , police are shown leading Lewis , in shackles and dark prison scrubs , to a police car . Reporters ask him whether he killed Carter . Twice , he says that he did n't , "  I had a co-defendant . I have n't seen her for two days . Now , they 're showing pictures of this . I have n't seen her , " he says . Asked to explain , Lewis repeats that he "  had " a co-defendant and provides a man 's name , saying he 's in the military . Questioned about his and the co-defendant 's relationship , he says , "  He 's got texts back and forth to me and him , and then they wanted my phone . " "  Why Beverly ? " a reporter asks . "  She was a rich broker , " Lewis responds . Asked whether he has anything to say to Carter 's family , he twice says , "  Sorry . " As officers place Lewis in the back seat of a squad car , a reporter asks again , "  Why Beverly ? " "  Because she was just a woman who worked alone , a rich broker , " Lewis says . As the car door is closed , Lewis is asked one more time whether he killed Carter , and again , he replies , "  No . " Carter vanished last week when she went to show a home in the small community of Scott . The family released a statement thanking those who had joined in the search for Carter . The statement also seemed to blame Lewis for her disappearance . "  We are devastated at the loss of our precious Beverly . There is now a hole in our hearts that will never be filled . Mr. Lewis robbed us of an amazing wife , loving mother and grandmother . Her grandkids will never get to know the magnitude of her greatness , " the statement said . "  We draw some comfort in knowing that she is now in the arms of Jesus . God bless you all . " Police have n't said how they linked Lewis to Carter or how they tracked him down , but they say Lewis left a hospital Sunday without notifying police while he was a person of interest in her disappearance . Suspect was in wreck Lewis , who was on parole , was in a traffic accident Sunday , and police arrived to find his automobile on top of a concrete culvert , according to an accident report from the sheriff 's office . Lewis told police that a vehicle , which he could n't describe , had run him off the road . But a witness told police that he was behind Lewis before the accident , and "  Lewis was traveling at a high rate of speed prior to the crash , " the report says . Another witness told police that "  the Lewis vehicle was going ` so fast ' prior to the curve and she further stated that she observed the Lewis vehicle ` fishtail ' around the curve , going into the ditch , " according to the report . Paramedics took Lewis to Baptist Health Medical Center in Little Rock . A deputy followed the ambulance to the hospital to issue Lewis a citation for careless driving as well as not wearing his seat belt , because there was evidence Lewis hit the windshield during the crash , the report says . At that time , Lewis was a person of interest in the Carter investigation , but he was not under arrest , Lt. Carl Minden said . "  While at the hospital and undergoing tests , Mr. Lewis left the hospital . He was not under the guard of law enforcement at that time due to not having any criminal charges at that point , " the lieutenant said in a statement . The warrant charging him with kidnapping was issued later Sunday , he said . Official : Agent 's cell phone used The mysterious disappearance of the 49-year-old resonated among fellow real estate agents , who posted their fears on a Facebook page set up for sharing information about her case . Carter 's last phone call to her husband came Thursday afternoon , telling him the address where she would be . When hours went by with no further word from her , Carl Carter says he "  knew something was wrong . " Before calling authorities , Carl Carter went to the address of the home Beverly Carter was showing and saw her brown Cadillac parked there , the sheriff 's office said . Noticing the property was open , the husband entered and searched for his wife without success , according to the Sheriff 's Office . There was activity on Carter 's cell phone after she disappeared , Minden said . Later he explained to HLN 's Nancy Grace that activity included text messages , but he declined to elaborate on the nature of the texts . According to her employer 's website , Beverly Carter was married for 34 years and has four grandchildren . "  I feel like I 'm in a fog , or a horrible nightmare from which I ca n't awaken , " Beverly Carter 's son , also named Carl , wrote on a Facebook post before his mother 's body was found . A Facebook page set up about Carter 's disappearance was followed by more than 28,000 people as of Monday afternoon . Police say Lewis ' Monday arrest is n't his first run-in with police . In addition to any charges he may face in Carter 's disappearance and death , he has a criminal history in northwest Arkansas that includes felony theft of property , obstruction of government operations , failure to appear and unlawful removal of a theft device , Minden said in a statement . He 's also faced charges from the Kansas City police and the Utah Department of Corrections , he said .	No other suspects are being sought , sheriff says Suspect says he pleaded not guilty at lawyer 's request but wants to plead guilty Arron Lewis is charged with capital murder , authorities say Beverly Carter vanished last week when she went to show a home
CNN  -- Inspectors have found "  nothing unusual " in the rest of Southwest Airlines ' fleet of 737-300s after a football-sized hole in one of the jets forced an emergency landing , an airline spokeswoman said Tuesday . The breach in the aircraft 's fuselage caused a loss of cabin pressure . No passengers were injured . The airline inspected its roughly 200 Boeing 737-300s overnight following the incident that forced Southwest Flight 2294 to make an emergency landing in Charleston , West Virginia . A sudden drop in cabin pressure caused the jet 's oxygen masks to deploy , but there were no injuries among the 126 passengers or the five-member crew . Marilee McInnis , a Southwest spokeswoman , said the jets were inspected during non-operational hours overnight , and the cause of the incident remained unknown Tuesday morning . The airline is working closely with the National Transportation Safety Board to investigate the matter , she said . Flight 2294 was at 34,000 feet , en route from Nashville , Tennessee , to Baltimore , Maryland , when the incident happened , McInnis said . See map of flight path " "  About 45 minutes into the flight , there was a loud pop . No one really knew what it was , " passenger Steve Hall told CNN Radio . Watch as passenger describes watching the hole form " The plane landed in Charleston at 5:10 p.m. after the crew reported the sudden drop in cabin pressure , which caused the jet 's oxygen masks to deploy . "  We were seated about two rows back from the wing , and four rows back you heard this loud rush and your ears popped , and you could tell that part of the inside was trying to pull out , " passenger Sheryl Bryant told CNN affiliate WBAL-TV upon arriving in Baltimore aboard a replacement plane . "  And it was crazy -- the oxygen masks dropped , " she continued . She put her mask on her face , then helped her 4 - and 6-year-old children with theirs , she said . Bryant tried to stay calm and reassure her children , she said . Watch Bryant 's account of acting brave " "  My kids and I , we prayed , and then we said , you know , life will be fine , " she said . Bryant praised the flight crew and ground personnel for keeping passengers informed and for giving clear instructions . "  We have a tremendous talent represented in the pilots and the flight crew , " another passenger , Pastor Alvin Kibble , told WBAL-TV . "  I think we need to value them far more than perhaps what we do . It 's very easy for us to begin to take things for granted . " The damaged aircraft was still parked at Charleston 's Yeager Airport on Tuesday , when NTSB officials arrived to inspect the plane , airport spokesman Brian Belcher said . A complete inspection could take one to two days , and investigators are expected to interview the passengers and crew as well , he said . The airline is "  doing things " for the affected passengers on Monday 's flight , but McInnis would not say whether they would receive refunds . Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the incident , FAA spokeswoman Holly Baker said . "  There is no responsible way to speculate as to a cause at this point , " Southwest said in a statement Monday night . "  We have safety procedures in place , and they were followed in this instance to get all passengers and crew safely on the ground , " the airline said . "  Reports we have are that our passengers were calm and that our pilots and flight attendants did a great job getting the aircraft on the ground safely . " CNN 's Shawn Nottingham and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Southwest inspects all its 737-300 aircraft after one develops hole midflight Passengers describe ordeal , praise professionalism of flight crew Baltimore-bound Southwest jet makes emergency landing in West Virginia Football-sized hole in fuselage causes cabin to depressurize , oxygen masks to drop
Washington  CNN  -- "  Flight " lands in theaters this weekend , but do n't look for the movie on the in-flight entertainment menu the next time you 're on a plane . The film opens with a catastrophic aircraft malfunction , forcing seasoned pilot Whip Whitaker  Denzel Washington  to make a crash landing . First lauded as a hero for saving nearly everyone onboard , investigators later find out Whitaker had alcohol in his system . It 's just one of the nightmares played out in a host of Hollywood films you 'd probably rather be on terra firma to watch . "  I keep saying this was born out of my two greatest fears : drinking myself to death and dying in a plane crash , " screenwriter John Gatins told CNN . "  It 's like , wrap those two fears together and put it in this movie . " Review : Washington keeps "  Flight " grounded "  I much prefer my disasters to happen in a movie than in real life , " said "  Flight " director Robert Zemeckis . "  I 'm not afraid to fly . I read the statistics , and I do believe that flying is the safest form of transportation , much safer than driving in a car . " Not all of the cast share the same confidence . John Goodman , who plays Whip 's best friend and enabler wo n't be watching "  Flight " or any other airplane disaster movie while flying . "  Oh , God I hope not , " Goodman said . "  I do better without thinking , but I 've had trouble flying for a long time . " Washington shrugged off any suggestion that his work on the film could make him a nervous flier . "  I mean , it 's just a movie , " Washington said . "  Well , worrying about it is n't going to change anything , so I do n't worry about it . " Melissa Leo , who plays a National Transportation Safety Board investigator in the film , is similarly unconcerned about life imitating art . "  You know , I 've done a handful of ` Law & Orders ' in my day . What , am I going to worry that I 'm gon na become a murderer ? " she said . "  As I pass the pilots in the airport , I like to feel that they 're incredibly responsible people who understand the responsibility they 're taking on . " While flying is certainly statistically very safe , "  Flight " brings to mind more than a few films that could make even the most confident passenger jittery . Here are 10 more movies that might be better to watch on the ground . "  Airport " This 1970 drama takes off with a blizzard , closed runways and a suicide bomber planning to blow up a Boeing 707 so his wife can collect the insurance money . The blockbuster includes what Variety called "  a cast of stars as long as a jet runway , " including Dean Martin , Burt Lancaster and George Kennedy . It won an Academy Award and was nominated for nine others , including best picture . Three sequels followed , including "  Airport 1975 , " in which a small plane slams into a 747 , "  Airport ' 77 , " in which a 747 crashes and sinks to the bottom of the ocean with passengers trapped aboard , and "  Airport ' 79 : The Concorde , " in which the supersonic jet has to avoid attack and make an unusual emergency landing . "  Airplane ! " While "  Airport " played terror in the sky as a serious drama , "  Airplane ! "  1980  , starring Leslie Nielsen , Robert Hays and Julie Hagerty plays it as farce . When the pilots are sickened by their fish dinners , it 's left to Ted Striker  Robert Hays  to land the plane safely . "  It is sophomoric , obvious , predictable , corny , and quite often very funny . And the reason it 's funny is frequently because it 's sophomoric , predictable , corny , etc. , " wrote critic Roger Ebert at the time . Honorable mention : "  Zero Hour , " the 1957 film that took virtually the same plot seriously and contributed much of the dialogue for "  Airplane ! " almost verbatim . "  United 93 " This intense drama takes place on the flight hijacked on 9/11 that eventually crashed into a field in Pennsylvania as passengers tried to regain control . The movie , made five years after the attacks , was described in 2006 by Entertainment Weekly as "  a harrowing , documentary-style reenactment , in real time , of what might have happened on the one airplane that did n't fulfill the terrorists ' intended goals on Sept. 11 . " Included in the cast are some Federal Aviation Administration and military employees who were on duty and dealt with the hijacked plane on the day of the attacks . "  Cast Away " Even if you 're traveling with an anthropomorphic volleyball , the movie "  Cast Away "  2000  could make you a bit jittery . A FedEx executive , played by Tom Hanks , is the only survivor of a plane crash and is forced to learn to live stranded on a deserted island with only a Wilson volleyball as a companion . "  Snakes on a Plane " "  All anyone really needs to know about this amusingly crude , honestly satisfying artifact is snakes + plane + Samuel L. Jackson , " wrote The New York Times at the time of the 2006 release . Crate loads of hyped-up serpents start killing the cast in creative ways as Jackson 's character tries to figure out how to save the aircraft and the FBI informant onboard . "  Alive " This 1993 drama tells the true story of a plane crash in the icy Andes Mountains of South America . The crash is only the start of the survivors ' ordeal as they are forced to live on the treacherous mountainside facing starvation , the elements and the fact that they may never be rescued . "  Passenger 57 " Charles Rane picks the wrong plane to hijack because of the man who happens to be passenger 57 . "  Wesley Snipes quips , glares , and kung fus his way through the role of John Cutter , a terrorism and hijacking expert who happens to be aboard the same plane as a terrorist hijacker , " wrote Entertainment Weekly at the time of the film 's 1992 release . A battle of wits ensues between Cutter and Rane on the L-1011 aircraft and in a Louisiana carnival . "  Twilight Zone " A gremlin on the plane 's wing at 20,000 feet could make anyone 's flight a bit nerve-racking . The 1983 film  with Jon Lithgow  and the TV episode  with William Shatner  20 years earlier both feature men who see something out to sabotage the plane on the wing but ca n't get anyone else to believe them . "  Die Hard 2 , Die Harder " In this 1990 sequel , Bruce Willis returns as John McClane to fight terrorists trying to free a captured Latin American general by taking over Dulles Airport near Washington and trying to force planes circling overhead to run out of fuel . McClane , whose wife is on one of the planes , "  places first in every event , including wrestling for guns , jumping onto conveyor belts , being ejected from cockpits , leaping onto the wings of moving airplanes and fighting with the authorities , " Ebert wrote . "  The Terminal " If you think you are out of the woods when your plane touches down , you might want to keep "  The Terminal "  2004  stowed away . The film starring Tom Hanks revolves around a man trapped in legal limbo at JFK Airport . Unable to return to his home country and unable to clear customs and enter the United States , he 's forced to figure out how to survive inside the terminal . Would you watch these on a plane ? What films would you add to our list ?	While flying is statistically very safe , many films dramatize worst-case scenarios The new film , "  Flight , " starring Denzel Washington , is probably not a film to watch on a plane "  Airplane ! " turns the conventions of an in-flight nightmare upside down , playing them as comedy
Certain products are definitely OK to rent . Like a car . Or a tuxedo . Or the cheapest room at a Motel 6 when you find yourself strolling down I-85 at midnight with no pants . Things are weird at home . But a Los Angeles-based company caught the internet 's attention this week for renting something completely unexpected : wives . Yes , the Rent-a-Wife might just be as horribly misogynistic as it sounds . Because it 's pretty much what you think it is : a housekeeping and odd jobs service where renters can choose a "  wife " from three pricing tiers , ranging from the Starter Wife to the Good Wife to the Trophy Wife . The company 's founder , Juliette Bresnahan , says most of her clients are actually women . So , who the hell knows ? What really matters is that , clearly , if you just surf the Web long enough , you 'll find lots of really weird stuff you can rent . So I did . Alas , when I started Googling "  rent a ... " followed by each letter of the alphabet  minus vowels and X  to see what would autofill , this is what I found : Rent-a-Bay : A self-service garage in Kent , Washington , Rent-a-Bay is where you can work on your own vehicle with the same professional conveniences of a mechanic . It 's a good idea , but there 's also a 100 % chance I would kill both myself and others in the process of changing a spark plug . Rent-a-Center : This is a fairly well-known store for rent-to-own furniture and appliances . It 's also not a bad rebuilding option for the Phoenix Suns . Rent-a-Dreads : This one sort of blew me away , for it has nothing to do with leasing a temporary dreadlock weave like the words might suggest . It 's actually a term used in regards to female sex tourism . In the Caribbean and Central America , male sex workers are often referred to as Rent-a-Dreads . In America , a male sex worker is simply known as "  Dave with access to Craigslist . " Rent-a-Friend : This site claims to have "  Friends from around the world available for hire , " perfect for anyone who just needs a buddy . Some of the activities they say people are using Rent-a-Friend for are sporting events , wine tasting and hot air balloon rides . "  Hi . I 'm Gary . Would you like to ride in a balloon with me ? " "  Hi . I 'm Tina . No . " Rent-a-Goat : This is just what it sounds like . You rent a goat and then let it eat unwanted plants and weeds . But , really , I just want to get one for my dog . "  Mikey , this is goat . Goat , this is Mikey . If you need me , I 'll be inside shopping for friends . " Rent-a-Home : A house leasing company in Greensboro , North Carolina , somehow managed to come up first in my Google search . Which is n't very exciting . But right below it was Rent-a-Husband . Their slogan is "  For those jobs that never get done ! " which leads me to believe they specialize in renting out alcoholics who like watching football . "  My Rent-a-Husband was just as advertised ! The garbage disposal is still busted , and he left the toilet seat up . Would definitely use again . Five stars ! " Rent-a-John : If you live in the Carolinas and need a temporary outdoor toilet that doubles as a sweat lodge , these guys have you covered . Rent-a-Kid : This is the title of a really bad Leslie Nielsen movie from 1995 about a guy who rents out orphans . I actually found it on YouTube and watched the entire thing when I literally could 've been doing anything else with my time . Like riding in a balloon with Gary . Rent-a-List : Put that coffee down ! This lead generator aims to help people in sales find potential customers to sign on the line that is dotted . A ... B ... C ... Always Be Cluttering people 's inboxes . Rent-a-Midget : Lacking morals ? Having a party ? Looking for alternative entertainment ? You 're in luck . "  Barb , I have the perfect idea for Brian 's bar mitzvah reception ! " Rent-a-Negro : Back in 2003 , damali ayo -- who , officially , does n't capitalize the first letters of her name -- created this  now-defunct  website as a form of "  Web-art-performance " based around the fact that she felt like a "  professional black person " to her white friends . Through Rent-a-Negro , she created a special mock rental form so white people could request services such as touching her hair , teaching them how to dance and speaking with their racist grandmother . She eventually turned her art experience into a book called "  How to Rent a Negro . " Because that 's what I need on my shelf . Rent-a-Pet : This led to several articles about renting animals . On that note , my dog is now available for quinceañeras . Rent-a-Quote : Turns out , this is a term used to describe someone who will shamelessly provide a comment to the media on pretty much any topic . Usually , this person 's motivation is money and/or exposure . I enjoy both . Call me . Rent-a-Ruminant : Ruminants are mammals that eat plants and then barf out the cud . Thus , we have yet another service for renting out goats . I wonder if my new friend Gary knows about this . Rent-a-Swag : Comedian Aziz Ansari portrays the character Tom Haverford on NBC 's "  Parks and Recreation . " In the fifth season , he comes up with a business idea for renting expensive clothes to boys in middle school who , because they are still growing , have parents who wo n't buy them nice things . We had Rent-a-Swag growing up . It was called crappy hand-me-downs from my brother . Rent-a-Text : This just takes you to a site for textbook rentals . When I was in college , I once opened a textbook . It was exhausting . Rent-a-Van : It appears Enterprise strategically cornered the Internet market for when you absolutely , positively need an all-white windowless van . They 're perfect for driving slowly down sorority row while breathing heavily . Chicks dig that . Rent-a-Wheel : This is the "  largest rent-to-own custom wheel and tire retailer in the nation . " Excellent . I 've been thinking of tricking out my Saturn . Rent-a-Yurt : Ask anyone . Nothing is more fun than camping in a large round room . "  Ha ! Ha ! Whee ! No corners ! " So , if you want to rent a yurt lodge somewhere in America , Yurt Lodging will help get you there . Because we all want a round room at the end of the day . Rent-a-Zilla : This search leads you to a specifically titled strip from a Web comic called MegaTokyo by Fred Gallagher and Rodney Caston . It involves ninjas and jails and monsters . Kind of like my bris . But that 's a long story . And I 'm saving it for my balloon ride with Gary . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	Rent-a-Wife is an L.A.-based service for general housekeeping and odd jobs There 's actually lots of weird stuff you can rent via the Internet Bellini experimented with Google to see what else was out there
CNN  A nurse contracts Ebola . An urgent care center in Boston shuts down when a sick man recently returned from Liberia walks in . Health care workers complain they have n't been properly trained to protect themselves against the deadly virus . Public health experts are asking whether the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is partly to blame . Here are five things they say the CDC is getting wrong . 1 . The CDC is telling possible Ebola patients to "  call a doctor . " When passengers arrive in the United States from Liberia , Sierra Leone or Guinea , they 're handed a flier instructing them to "  call a doctor " if they feel ill . Never mind how hard it is to get your doctor on the phone , but even if you could , it 's quite possible she 'd tell you to go to the nearest emergency room or urgent care center . We saw how well that worked at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas . On September 25 , the hospital sent a feverish Thomas Eric Duncan home even though he had told them he 'd recently been to Liberia . And we 've seen how well that worked in Massachusetts , where an ill man recently returned from Liberia walked into an urgent care center , which then evacuated its other patients and closed for several hours . One way to do it differently : Set up a toll free number for returning passengers that would reach a centralized office , which would then dispatch a local ambulance to get the patient to a hospital . The hospital would be warned that a possible Ebola patient is on the way , and the patient would not be brought through the main emergency room . That 's the idea of Gavin Macgregor-Skinner , an assistant professor at Penn State 's Department of Public Health Sciences . "  Do you really want someone with Ebola hopping on a bus to get to the hospital ? No , " he said . "  And once they get there , do you want them sitting in the waiting room next to the kid with the broken arm ? Again , no . " CDC Director Tom Frieden faces rising tide of criticism 2 . The CDC director says any hospital can care for Ebola patients . "  Essentially any hospital in the country can safely take care of Ebola . You do n't need a special hospital to do it , " Dr. Thomas Frieden said Sunday at a press conference . "  I think it 's very unfortunate that he keeps re-stating that , " said Macgregor-Skinner , the global projects manager for the Elizabeth R. Griffin Foundation . He said when it comes to handling Ebola , not all hospitals are created equally . As seen at Presbyterian , using protective gear can be tricky . Plus , it 's a challenge to handle infectious waste from Ebola patients , such as hospital gowns contaminated with blood or vomit . Dr. Michael Osterholm , an infectious disease epidemiologist at the University of Minnesota , said some hospitals have more experience with infectious diseases and consistently do drills in how to deal with biohazards . "  If you were a burn unit patient , would n't you want to go to a burn unit ? " he said . The CDC may already be moving in that direction . Designating certain hospitals as Ebola treatment units "  is something we 're exploring further , " said Tom Skinner , a spokesman for the agency . CDC ` doubling down ' on Ebola training efforts 3 . The CDC did n't encourage the "  buddy system " for doctors and nurses . Under this system , a doctor or nurse who is about to do a procedure on an Ebola patient has a "  buddy , " another health care worker , who acts as a safety supervisor , monitoring the worker from the time he puts on the gear until the time he takes it off . The "  buddy system " has been effective in stopping other kinds of infections in hospitals . Skinner said the CDC is considering recommending such a system to hospitals . 4 . CDC did n't encourage doctors to develop Ebola treatment guidelines . Taking care of Ebola patients is tricky , because certain procedures might put doctors and nurses in contact with the patient 's infectious bodily fluids . At Sunday 's press conference , Frieden hinted that Presbyterian might have performed two measures -- inserting a breathing tube and giving kidney dialysis -- that were unlikely to help Duncan . He described them as a "  desperate measure " to save his life . "  Both of those procedures may spread contaminated materials and are considered high-risk procedures , " he said . "  I 'm not familiar with any prior patient with Ebola who has undergone either intubation or dialysis . " Osterholm said CDC should coordinate with medical groups to come up with treatment guidelines . "  We could have and should have done it a few months ago , " he said . 5 . The CDC put too much trust in protective gear . Once Duncan was diagnosed , health authorities started making daily visits to 48 of his contacts . But that did n't include several dozen workers at Presbyterian who took care of Duncan after he was diagnosed . They were n't followed because they were wearing protective gear when they had contact with Duncan . Instead , they monitored themselves . Public health experts said that was a misstep , as the CDC should have realized that putting on and taking off protective gear is often done imperfectly and one of the workers might get an infection . How did Dallas nurse contract Ebola ? "  We have to recognize that our safety work tells us that breaches of protocol are the norm , not the exception in health care , " said Dr. Peter Pronovost , senior vice president for patient safety and quality at Johns Hopkins Medicine . "  We routinely break precautions . " Skinner said that in this case , self-monitoring worked , but that monitoring from health officials can be beneficial , too , and so health care workers who were involved in Duncan 's care will now get daily visits from health authorities .	Public health experts question some CDC actions on Ebola Patients are told to "  call a doctor , " but expert says an ambulance would be better Not just any hospital can care for Ebola patients , experts say
EL DORADO HILLS , California  CNN  -- The attorney for Nancy Garrido , charged in the Jaycee Lee Dugard abduction case , expressed concern Wednesday that intense media coverage may prejudice his client 's ability to get a fair trial . Phillip Garrido and his wife in 1988 , shortly after his release from jail for rape . "  There have been some misstatements made in the media , and possibly very innocent misstatements like , you know , ` She 's charged with 29 counts , she was there , therefore she must be culpable , ' " Gilbert Maines told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday . "  That 's good speculation , but any good prosecutor will tell you that they ca n't prosecute and convict on speculation . "  The media can do that , but the prosecutor ca n't . " Watch Maines talk about Nancy Garrido 's case " Nancy and Phillip Garrido have been charged in connection with the kidnapping and rape of Dugard , 29 , who police say was abducted by the Garridos in 1991 at age 11 . Dugard grew up in a backyard compound of tents and outbuildings , and gave birth to two daughters , now 11 and 15 , fathered by Garrido during her captivity , police said . The Garridos were arrested last week and have pleaded not guilty . Philip Garrido is a registered sex offender . Maines said his client has been charged with "  about half " of the 29 counts against the couple . He said he has discussed "  what she says happened . " He would not elaborate , citing attorney-client privilege . But , he added , he is still "  trying to establish a line of communication " with his client . "  We are in the process of formulating any defense that we have , or that we may have , " he said . "  We are still in the process of investigating this entire thing . " Maines said he was not aware of the case before he was appointed by the court to represent Nancy Garrido . "  I 'm sure you understand that this is a horrendous thing for her , " Maines said . "  I mean I realize it 's horrendous for Jaycee and her parents and the children , but my concern right now is that my client get a fair trial . " He said that he is still working on getting his client to "  confide in me and talk to me so I can formulate any defense that is available . "	Nancy Garrido faces charges with her husband in abduction of Jaycee Lee Dugard Her attorney says media coverage has included "  misstatements ... speculation " Attorney Gilbert Maines says he 's working on getting Nancy Garrido to confide in him Maines says the case is "  horrendous " for Nancy Garrido as well as the victims
CNN  -- American Airlines has already called Alec Baldwin "  extremely rude , " and now the actor is n't making any friends at Greyhound either . Baldwin was booted off an American Airlines flight Tuesday because he refused to turn off his cell phone after the plane 's doors were closed for departure , the airline said . The actor was apparently playing "  Words With Friends , " a Scrabble-like online game . In a column published by The Huffington Post on Wednesday , Baldwin said a crew member singled him out during the incident . He also raged against flight attendants who "  have made flying a Greyhound bus experience . " That did n't sit well with Greyhound . In an open letter to the actor issued Thursday , Greyhound President and CEO Dave Leach said he was disheartened to hear about the comments Baldwin made about the company . "  I 'm the first to admit that Greyhound has had some challenges in the past , so I understand that you probably were basing your comments on that alone . But we 've made so many changes in recent years to significantly improve the travel experience , " Leach writes . "  My guess is you 've never traveled with us , but I ask you to give us a try for a number of reasons and see for yourself that we 're really a great way to travel . " Leach then touts the hundreds of new buses the company has added to its fleet as well as the extra legroom , leather seats , power outlets and free Wi-Fi . "  I think you especially would find the latter two amenities exciting , because we do n't require our customers to turn off their electronic devices ... ever . You could therefore play ` Words With Friends ' during your entire trip and nobody would give you any grief over it , " Leach tells Baldwin in the letter . He also reminds the actor that Greyhound carries more than 17 million travelers a year and asks Baldwin to become one of them . "  I invite you to meet with me in New York and we 'll take a trip to Boston so you can see first-hand what a great ride Greyhound can be , " Leach writes . "  We are not the same company we used to be . We are better , providing a safe , affordable and modern travel alternative to other forms of transportation . Greyhound is an American icon , a proud company that many people depend on to get them to their destinations , the same people who watch your films and TV show . " No word on whether Baldwin plans to take Leach up on his offer . The actor deactivated his Twitter account after the American Airlines incident .	Alec Baldwin : Flying has become "  a Greyhound bus experience " Greyhound President and CEO Dave Leach says he 's disheartened by the comments Leach to actor : "  I ask you to give us a try and see ... that we 're really a great way to travel "
CNN  -- Voters in three states head to the polls Tuesday , and in one of those states history might be made : South Carolina South Carolina Republicans could make state Rep. Nikki Haley their first female gubernatorial nominee . She 's in a runoff against U.S. Rep. Gresham Barrett . Haley just missed out on winning the nomination outright in the June 8 primary , capturing 49 percent of the vote in a four-candidate field . She was short of the 50 percent plus one needed to take the nomination . Once facing long odds for the GOP nomination , Haley rose in the polls thanks in part to endorsements by former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . And unsubstantiated allegations by two other Republicans that they had affairs with Haley , who is married with children , most likely helped rather than hurt her campaign . So did a racial slur by a Republican state lawmaker at Haley , who is Indian-American and was raised Sikh , but became a Methodist at age 24 . "  The unproven allegations and attacks against Haley actually played right into her message as a new kind of conservative , " said CNN political producer Peter Hamby , who is in South Carolina reporting on the campaign . "  In fighting back , she was able to argue that establishment figures in the GOP were playing politics as usual and trying to stop a real reformer from taking charge in Columbia . " If Haley wins Tuesday 's runoff , she 'll be considered the favorite in the general election against state Sen. Vincent Sheheen , the Democratic gubernatorial nominee . Haley would become the Palmetto state 's first woman governor if elected in November . There are also runoffs in South Carolina in contests for the House of Representatives and for the state Legislature . State Rep. Tim Scott hopes to become the first black Republican to win election to Congress from South Carolina in a century . He faces off against Paul Thurmond , the son of the late Sen. Strom Thurmond , in a GOP House primary runoff . Republican Rep. Bob Inglis is hoping he wo n't become the third House incumbent to lose a bid for re-election so far this primary season . He grabbed 27 percent of the vote in the primary and now faces a runoff against Spartanburg prosecutor Trey Gowdy . Inglis is facing criticism for his vote in favor of the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , better known as the Wall Street bailout . North Carolina In neighboring North Carolina , Secretary of State Elaine Marshall faces off in a Democratic Senate primary runoff against former state Sen. Cal Cunningham , who was recruited by national Democrats . The winner will challenge Republican Sen. Richard Burr in November 's general election . "  Richard Burr does n't have the strongest poll numbers , but that may not matter , " said Stuart Rothenberg , publisher and editor of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report . Rothenberg said neither of the Democratic candidates "  seems likely to put together the kind of campaign that would defeat Burr . " Voters in three congressional districts and one state Senate district also will cast ballots in runoff contests . Utah The fight for the GOP Senate nomination is capturing the spotlight in Utah , and the contest will be another test of the political strength of the Tea Party Express . The national Tea Party group , which is based in California , is backing and assisting lawyer Mike Lee in the battle to succeed fellow Republican Bob Bennett , who is supporting the other candidate on the ballot , businessman Tim Bridgewater . Bridgewater and Lee finished first and second , respectively last month at the Utah Republican Party convention , advancing to Tuesday 's primary . Bridgewater and Lee touted themselves as more reliable conservatives than Bennett , who finished third in the voting by delegates , eliminating him from advancing to the primary and ending his chances of re-election for a fourth term . Bennett became the first sitting senator to go down to defeat in a primary season marked by strong anti-incumbent sentiment . The Tea Party Express , best known for its three national bus tours , is running radio ads supporting Lee . The group recently pumped more than $ 500,000 into the recent fight for the Republican Senate nomination in Nevada , helping transform ex-state lawmaker Sharron Angle , once considered a long shot , into an easy winner in this month 's primary election . FreedomWorks also has endorsed Lee , and its volunteers are assisting in get-out-the-vote efforts in Utah . FreedomWorks is a nonprofit conservative organization that helps train volunteer activists and has provided much of the organizational heft behind the Tea Party movement . Bennett upset many conservatives with his 2007 vote for President Bush 's plan for a pathway to citizenship for some illegal immigrants and his 2008 vote for the federal bailout of banks and financial institutions . The fiscally conservative Club for Growth actively worked to defeat Bennett , as did local Tea Party organizations and Tea Party Express . The GOP dominates statewide elections in Utah , and the winner of the Republican primary will be considered the overwhelming favorite to win the general election in November .	South Carolina Republicans will vote in gubernatorial runoff Tuesday State Rep. Nikki Haley just missed an outright win in the June 8 primary Winner of North Carolina 's Democratic Senate runoff will face Sen. Richard Burr in fall In Utah , Tea Party Express is backing lawyer Mike Lee in the battle to succeed Bob Bennett
Washington  CNN  -- Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in the United States on Tuesday for a state visit that will include high-profile talks with President Barack Obama on trade , currency , North Korea and other issues . The three-day trip includes a state dinner on Wednesday and the eighth face-to-face meeting between Obama and the Chinese leader , which administration officials say illustrates the importance of relations between two global powers at a time described by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as a "  critical juncture . " Chinese state media has reported that Hu will stress how a constructive , comprehensive partnership between the two nations could be mutually beneficial and help ensure stability in Asia and worldwide , despite differences between Beijing and Washington on issues such as human rights and currency controls . In addition to Obama , Hu is also scheduled to meet with top legislators and business executives . After Washington , Hu will make a stop in Chicago on Thursday . Vice President Joe Biden greeted Hu when the Chinese leader arrived at Joint Base Andrews in Maryland on Tuesday afternoon . A military honor guard saluted Hu and a military band played the national anthems of both countries as Hu and Biden stood on a red carpet on the air base tarmac . Hu later arrived at the White House for what officials called a small dinner gathering with Obama , Clinton and National Security Adviser Tom Donilon . "  This provides a bit of an informal setting in which to have some of these discussions , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said earlier Tuesday about the dinner . On Wednesday , the two leaders will hold bilateral talks followed by a joint news conference , and Hu will be the guest of honor at a formal state dinner in the evening . Before Hu 's arrival , U.S. legislators and demonstrators criticized China 's human rights record , including political repression , and called for Obama to press the issue in his talks with the Chinese leader . "  It is more important to honor and remember those who can not attend this State Dinner rather than those who will be in attendance , " said a statement by the Rev. Patrick Mahoney , director of the Christian Defense Coalition . "  While the guests are dining on expensive and extravagant food there will be scores who will be oppressed and placed behind bars by the Chinese government because of their faith and political beliefs ; people like Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Liu Xiaobo who is in prison , " and others . Gibbs said that Obama would raise human rights concerns with Hu . "  Obviously that is a topic of some significance that the two leaders will talk about , " Gibbs told reporters . "  We will continue to have difficult conversations " with China on the subject . This week 's meeting between the leaders of the world 's two largest economies also put the spotlight on criticism that the government-controlled People 's Bank of China artificially undervalues the yuan , bringing down the cost of Chinese exports , which would give it an advantage in the international market . Last week , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said China must do more to address its undervalued currency and dependence on exports , adding that such a move is in Beijing 's best interest because it will control inflation . Senate Democrats this week renewed their push to crack down on countries that manipulate their currencies , with China clearly in their crosshairs . A bill introduced Monday by New York Sen. Charles Schumer and two other Democrats would impose penalties , including possible tariffs , on nations that manipulate their currencies . The senators told reporters in a conference call that China 's currency and trade polices undercut U.S. manufacturers and are costing American jobs . "  China 's currency is like a boot on the throat of America 's economic recovery , " Schumer said . But Hu dismissed the argument that price stability is a reason for yuan appreciation , telling the Washington Post and the Wall Street Journal that Chinese inflation is "  moderate and controllable . " In an apparent attempt to smooth relations ahead of this week 's meeting with Obama , the Bank of China last week began providing the yuan directly to U.S. traders for the first time . The Chinese president has complaints of his own , particularly with Federal Reserve policy aimed at stimulating the economy . The policies especially affect China , given that it holds billions of dollars in government debt . The Federal Reserve policy makes U.S. bonds a less attractive investment for the Chinese . In a speech Friday at the State Department , Clinton said China must assume the responsibility of being a world power , rather than basing policies on its own self-interest . Clinton acknowledged that relations between Beijing and Washington were at a "  critical juncture , " noting persisting tensions on economic and security issues and accusing China of discriminatory practices that put American firms at a disadvantage . Still , insisting that the United States does n't view China as a threat , she said , "  our economies are intertwined and so are our futures . " One hot-button issue that Beijing addressed on Sunday was the Korean peninsula , days after Clinton urged China to use its "  unique ties " with North Korea to tamp down tensions there . Urging an early resumption of long-stalled six-party talks committed to reining in North Korea 's nuclear program , Assistant Foreign Minister Hu Zhengyue told Xinhua that "  the peninsula 's denuclearization and the normalization of relations " was in all parties ' interest . "  China will continue to work with all the parties concerned and the international community to ensure peace , stability and prosperity , " he said . CNN 's Ben Rooney , Tom Cohen and Aaron Smith contributed to this report .	Obama hosts Hu at a small White House dinner Tuesday evening Hu is greeted by Vice President Biden on his arrival China 's human rights record will be a topic of the Obama-Hu talks Obama and Hu are expected to discuss trade , currency and North Korea
CNN  -- Yes , she is 28 . Yes , she is a Sunday school teacher , and yes , her name is Melissa Huckaby . Melissa Huckaby of Manteca , California , is also a 28-year-old Sunday school teacher . But the woman from Manteca , California , said she wants people to know that she is not that Melissa Huckaby . This Melissa Huckaby lives about 14 miles from Tracy , California , where the other one was arrested and accused of raping and killing 8-year-old Sandra Cantu . That has n't stopped national talk shows from calling her and people from threatening her , forcing her friends to bring guns to church in an effort to protect her . Her MySpace page has been mistaken so many times for the one of the murder suspect that she has had to shut it down , Huckaby said . "  They hear the name , and a lot of people think it 's me , " Huckaby told CNN affiliate KOVR-TV . "  I was getting hate mail . " Even Melissa Huckaby of Manteca has noticed the similarities with her namesake in nearby Tracy . Watch how the Manteca woman deals with the confusion " Not only are they the same age and both teach Sunday school , the two women resemble each other slightly . Melissa Huckaby of Tracy is accused of killing an 8-year-old playmate of her 5-year-old daughter . Melissa Huckaby of Manteca has two daughters -- 8 and 5 . But that 's where the similarities end , the Manteca woman said , noting that she 's never even received a speeding ticket .	"  They hear the name , and a lot of people think it 's me , " woman tells TV station Melissa Huckaby shares name and age of suspect in 8-year-old girl 's slaying Woman receives hate mail , threats ; she takes MySpace page down Manteca , California , woman says she 's never even gotten a speeding ticket
CNN  -- Demonstrators in Amman , Jordan , battled riot police Wednesday in a fury over gas prices . And those who stayed after the tear gas and water cannons were fired did something rare in that nation : They chanted slogans against King Abdullah . The fighting was in the Jabal al Hussein area , along Soukaina -- one of the main roads running through the capital . Hundreds of demonstrators called on the government to reverse its decision to raise fuel and gas prices . Riot police worked to break up the crowd , and most people fled . But a handful stayed and engaged in a standoff with the police , who fired tear gas canisters to try to force the demonstrators back . CNN saw police beat one man and take him away , and also saw plainclothes intelligence officials takk away two young men as demonstrators threw rocks at the police . The protesters who remained chanted for the downfall of the monarchy . Previous protests have left 14 people injured -- 10 of them by police gunfire , Jordan 's public security department said . There was also property damage . Jordanians have told CNN that while they are incensed about rising prices and government corruption , they 're just as worried about the current situation . Many say they 've never been so fearful about the future of their country . Many believe that if the government does not reverse its decision , the kingdom will plunge into chaos . A wave of protests that began in Jordan in December 2010 has recurred sporadically since . Previously on CNN.com : Thousands rally for political change in Jordan While the demonstrators have often lambasted members of parliament , cursed the prime minister and called for the government to go , they 've rarely spoken out against King Abdullah II . While those voices remain a minority , their call is growing as Jordanians throng to public squares to lash out against the government for cutting fuel subsidies , which resulted in higher gas prices . "  Hey Abdullah , do n't be fooled , look around and see what happened to your peers , " one crowd chanted with reference to toppled Arab autocrats . The government , which the king reshuffled under public pressure in early October , announced the price boost for gasoline , diesel fuel , kerosene and cooking gas Tuesday . Unleaded gas jumped from about $ 3.80 to just over $ 4.25 per gallon . Diesel fuel spiked from about $ 2.80 to around $ 3.70 a gallon . Cooking gas prices spiked from just over $ 9 per canister to more than $ 14 . The government announced a payout to families of just under $ 600 to soften the blow of the higher prices for the nation 's poorest . Pain at the pump is a drag on government approval ratings anywhere . But in Jordan , where the Arab Spring has kept up the pressure on a monarch who is friendly to the West and a stabilizer in the Middle East , a protest could have explosive potential with effects beyond Jordan 's borders . The Hashemite kingdom , which has good relations with Israel , is wedged among the Jewish state , Syria , Iraq and Saudi Arabia , and serves as a buffer in the region . As in Egypt , Islamists hold powerful political influence in Jordan . But the protesters are people of all backgrounds , including women without veils and men without beards . State news agency Petra reported that there were protests in at least seven municipalities . "  Oh , Abdullah ibn Hussein , where is the people 's money ? Where ? " people roared at one demonstration . "  Raising the prices will set the country on fire ! " The higher gas prices come on top of high unemployment and inflation . Jordan 's teacher 's union announced an open-ended strike Wednesday , saying it would last until the government reverses the price hikes . Jordanian demonstrators commonly voice anger about corruption and poverty , accusing those in power of misappropriating government money for personal gain . But as the streets filled , the rhetoric took a caustic turn , dropping the monarch 's title and referring to him crudely by first name only , a rare indiscretion in Jordan . "  Hey Abdullah , listen , listen very well , we will kneel to no one but God ! " was one chant , along with , "  God is mightier than all tyrants . " Insulting the king is illegal in Jordan and can result in a prison sentence . King Abdullah does not have a reputation for bloody oppression like Syria 's Bashar al-Assad or former Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi , and is viewed by many as a benevolent king . He had 20 opposition activists arrested in early October but quickly released them after an international human rights group criticized the move . His recent announcements of concessions to protesters ' demands to democratize have not quelled discontent . Prime Minister Abdullah Ensour , in office for just over a month , took to the airwaves Tuesday night to address the protests . He accused Islamists of lying in wait for any opportunity to incite the collapse of a stable government . Speaking of the Islamic Action Front , he said : "  They have been trying to mobilize their people in the streets and prepare themselves for such an eventful day . " He reminded them that they had shown no opposition when Egypt 's Islamist president , Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood , had to raise gas prices there . He then appealed to Jordanians not to "  be influenced by these petty attempts . " Ensour has blamed the gas subsidy cuts on budget slashing made necessary by the uprisings in neighboring countries , which have reduced the gasoline supply to Jordan . "  In the past 18 months of the Arab Spring , Jordan has lost between $ 4 and $ 5 billion at least as a result of oil stoppage , especially the Egyptian gas supplies , " Petra quoted Ensour as saying . It has put the country 's budget deficit through the roof , he said . In the past two years , King Abdullah has fired four prime ministers . In February 2011 , shortly before Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was forced out of office following weeks of intense protest , the king dismissed his government and ordered "  genuine political reform , " the country 's royal court reported . Political reforms would mean taking power away from his base -- the Bedouin tribes , a group known as the East Bankers . On top of that concern , the king is also dealing with more than 200,000 Syrian refugees who have entered Jordan recently , fleeing despotism in the neighboring country . CNN 's Josh Levs , Ahmed Al-Assad , Raja Razek and Hamdi Alkhshali and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Some of the protesters battle riot police Chanting against the king is very rare in Jordan Tuesday night , 14 people were injured , some by gunfire , authorities say King Abdullah II is friendly with Israel and the West and brings stability to the region
Long before the ink had dried on the Senate deal to end the government shutdown and raise the debt ceiling , the writing was already on the wall for the Republican Party : The last three weeks have hurt them . They have borne the brunt of the blame for shutting down the government , and polls show that a large majority of Americans disapprove of the way the Congressional GOP has handled the fight over funding the government and raising the debt ceiling . Shutdown Poll : No winners but GOP bigger loser than Dems Polls : Time to throw my guy out of Congress ? And now , non-partisan political handicappers say the likelihood of Democrats winning the House and maintaining control in the Senate in 2014 has increased . "  Republicans have ratcheted up their risk , " said Stuart Rothenberg , editor of The Rothenberg Political Report . "  There is now a plausible case for the midterms being a plus for the Democrats , where I would never said that six months ago . " Rothenberg said the GOP is being perceived as "  a chaotic , disorganized , confused party " and it is likely that their fundraising numbers will likely begin to slow in the coming months . "  Big dollar donors , who are more pragmatic business types , are now worried about where the party is going , " he said . "  For Democrats , this helps them for 2014 in recruitment , in fundraising and in overall morale . " Conservatives and Obamacare The deal , which the Senate and the House agreed to late on Wednesday , raises the debt ceiling until early next year and reopens the government that has been shut since October 1 . The shutdown began because conservative Republicans - emboldened by Republican Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah -- pushed Republican leaders to tie funding the government with significant changes to Obamacare and Democrats refused . Throughout the 16-day shutdown , House Speaker John Boehner and his leadership colleagues listened to their caucus and demanded that President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats come to the negotiating table to make concessions on the presidents sweeping healthcare law . But when Democrats did n't budge -- only agreeing in the end to increase fraud protection on the healthcare program -- Republican leadership was forced to agree to a scaled back deal . In defeat , Boehner may live to fight another day On top of drawing the ire of a majority of the American people , the back and forth highlighted a noticeable rift in the Republican party : between more pragmatic Republicans and their emboldened tea party colleagues . Poll : Tea Party 's favorable numbers take a hit Texas newspaper longs for Cruz 's predecessor As news of the deal broke , unhappy tea party groups , who saw the deal as a capitulation by the establishment Republicans in Washington , began to bang their primary challenger drum , promising to run against Republicans that did n't back tying Obamacare to the shutdown and debt ceiling . "  Congress will feel the repercussions of refusing to negotiate at all and for refusing to live under the same law the forced on the American people , " Jenny Beth Martin , national coordinator for Tea Party Patriots said , who told CNN to expect tea party groups to fervently challenger other Republicans in 2014 . "  I expect tea party groups will be very active next year , " Martin said . And Martin may be right . Just a quick look at Republicans running for reelection in the Senate shows tea party groups are already mobilizing to take on other Republicans . Challenges to incumbents Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina has been a leading critic of Obama 's policies on a number of fronts , but in heavily conservative South Carolina , a Republican incumbent ca n't take anything for granted . Graham faces a crowded primary field against state Sen. Lee Bright , businessman Richard Cash , and PR executive and Citadel graduate Nancy Mace . At this early stage of the race , Graham has the clear advantage in terms of money and organization . But that could change if conservative tea party activists begin to coalesce behind a single "  anyone-but-Graham " candidate . The story is similar for Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , who is now seeking his third term in 2014 . He faces a primary challenge from state Rep. Joe Carr and 2012 Senate candidate Brenda Lenard . Alexander is not a favorite among conservative tea party activists . In August , a coalition of 20 Tennessee tea party and conservative groups sent the Senator an open letter asking him to retire . And the highest profile GOP senate primary of 2014 pits three-term incumbent Mike Enzi of Wyoming against Liz Cheney , the eldest daughter of former Vice President and Wyoming favorite son Dick Cheney . The national party is backing Enzi , while Cheney has the backing of conservative activists . Many in the tea party see these races -- along with races in the House -- as an opportunity . "  The Republicans have had five years to try and make some progress in remedying the financial ills that plague our nation 's future , and have made little to no progress , " the Tea Party Express said in a written statement . "  The silver lining in all this is that the 2014 elections are just around the corner and ` We The People ' have our chance to tell our leaders exactly how we feel about the ` compromise ' reached today . " As tea party groups threaten Republican-on-Republican challenges , more moderate Republicans have publicly said that would be a bad idea . "  The way to achieve more conservative governance in 2015 is not spending $ $ to defeat Republicans in 2014 , " Tim Miller , the executive director of the America Rising PAC , a Republican research firm , tweeted hours after the Senate deal was reached . Miller told CNN he still sees the political map in 2014 as favorable for Republicans , especially if they focus on beating Democrats on Obamacare and the debt . "  We need to take back the Senate and build on our House majority next November , " Miller said . "  No progress can be made if that objective is n't met . " Miller continued : "  So I believe GOP and conservative groups interested in advancing a conservative agenda to focus their energy " on defeating vulnerable Democrats in traditionally conservative states and districts . Democrats unified Rothenberg said these divisions in the Republican Party -- between those seeking primary challenges and those seeking to target Democrats -- need to be worked out before the GOP can comfortably say they will keep control of the House . "  At some point , the tea party are going to really want to accomplish stuff , " Rothenberg said . "  And in order to accomplish stuff , they are going to have to change their views about compromise and negotiations . If to them , victory is taking over an emasculated , weak , unsuccessful Republican Party , if that is what they think victory is , then maybe they can have victory . " All of this news , has been music to many Democrats ears , many of whom believe the last three weeks -- and the Republicans fledgling poll numbers around the shutdown -- have made it less likely the those vulnerable Democrats will lose in 2014 . Before the shutdown , Jim Manley , a longtime Senate Democratic aide , said the vulnerability of Sens. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Kay Hagan of North Carolina made Democrats losing control of the Senate a possibility . Now , he is far more bullish on his party 's chances in both the Senate and House . "  I think that for the first time , in light of what has happened , I think for the first time we can honestly take a look at it and question whether it is possible " to keep control of the Senate and win the House , Manley said . "  The Republican Party brand is broken and I am not sure if it can be fixed . " The key for Democrats , Manley pointed out , was their unity during the government shutdown . Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi repeatedly delivered the majority of her caucus against House Republicans piecemeal plans to fund the government , while Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid did the same in the Senate . "  That shows me , " Manley said , "  that we are not scared of the tea party types like Democrats had been in elections past . " Opinion : Five reasons America is still in trouble after shutdown Opinion : Washington  George  got it right Frum : Tea party exit would be GOP blessing	Republicans take brunt of blame for government shutdown , debt fight Some handicappers say Democrats have improved their chances in midterms Tea party groups expected to be very active next year Democrats showed strong unity during Congressional standoff
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The optimism once held by many Americans has been "  beaten out " of them amid a lagging economy , threat of terrorism and two ongoing wars , according to a professor at Emory University . "  All of those things ... have made people start to be much more doubtful than they used to be , " says Patrick Allitt , a British citizen who teaches American history . Allitt recently wrote about what he describes as "  America the miserable " -- the mood swing he has seen in his 30 years in the U.S. -- for The Spectator , a British magazine . Read the professor 's full essay Allitt spoke with CNN about his perspective . Below is a transcript of that conversation , which has been edited : CNN : How would you describe the change in America since you first came to America ? Allitt : The change is this : I do n't get the same sense of intense self confidence as I used to feel when I first came to America , even though that was a period that 's usually remembered as a pretty grim time -- the Jimmy Carter years when there was a lot of stagnation and inflation and a general feeling of malaise . Even so , to me , it seemed incredibly energetic here . People in America worked much , much harder than they did in Britain . They seemed more upbeat . They had faith in progress . And there was this feeling of being intensely wide awake for the first time . But now , I think some of that optimism has been beaten out . Counter : Why there 's reason for optimism It 's been a very tough 10 years since 2001 , has n't it ? The attack on the World Trade Center , the growing fear of terrorism , the difficulty of prevailing in the wars , obviously , more recently the recession . All of those things , collectively , have made people start to be much more doubtful than they used to be . CNN : Do you attribute it to a change in American mentality or are we exposed to an array of different beliefs through the ever-expanding media landscape ? Allitt : It 's certainly true there are far more media than there used to be ... that devote a lot of time to people who are dissatisfied . In other words , if somebody 's happy , that is n't news . It 's certainly news when they become dissatisfied in some way or they have some kind of problem to deal with . In that sense , I suppose there 's an inherent bias in favor of bad news . But I think it 's more than that . I 've spent most of the last 30 years in the company of academics , who also tend to be pessimistic people . They tend to have very high ideals for America . When they see it does n't live up to its ideals , it makes them disappointed and sometimes embittered . So it may be that , if I spent more time with less educated people , I would n't have this sense quite so acutely . I think that 's quite possible . CNN : You write : "  The decline of American confidence is n't just a temporary blip on the screen brought on by the recession . " Elaborate on that for me . Allitt : Even before this recession began , I guess it was in October and November 2008 when things really started to go bad . Already by then , I was having a feeling that the general national optimism was less emphatic than it used to be . In the first five or six years of the last decade , there was this feeling that things were going wrong , particularly that the wars were grinding on interminably and that it was very difficult to prevail . It was n't the same kind of decisive conflict as World War II where you 're fighting against a nation-state and you can clearly detect when you 're winning . The dispersal of the enemy and the very shadowy character of terrorism tends to be very depressing to confront . You have to maintain a high degree of vigilance and sometimes you have to take comfort in thinking what 's extraordinary is what did n't happen ; there was n't another major attack . That does n't feel like a victory . ... That kind of thing is what I was attentive to when I was writing this story . CNN : If we are in this funk as you describe , is there anything wrong with that ? And how do we emerge from it ? Allitt : The one thing I 've always admired about Americans is their willingness to be self-critical . I do think you could take the view that the very fact that so many Americans are willing to scrutinize their own behavior and their nation 's behavior is a sign that they do have these high ideals and they want to live up to them . So in that sense , you can take an optimistic view , even of pessimism -- that sooner or later , the sheer attention to it is going to cause people to recover . But I do think there are generational trends in American life . People who were brought up in the 1930s during the Great Depression -- the image of it stayed with them for a lifetime . ... In the same way , I expect the kids who have grown up in the last few years are also going to carry the marks of this with them through life . They 'll come into conflict with their own children who have different generational experiences . It 's impossible at this stage to say what 's going to happen next . ... But it certainly is true studying the American past , you can see how various traumatic events through the nation 's history leave a long-term impression on the people themselves . CNN : You kind of hint about this in your piece : Maybe you 're just going through a midlife crisis and that 's why you might have this view . Allitt : I think that 's possible , but I think I 'm describing something more real than that . My job is to study the American people in the past ; but also to some extent in the present . I really do feel this kind of change has come about . But you ca n't quantify it . You ca n't say 8 out of 10 people are optimistic -- or at least if you try to you 're really giving a false sense of definiteness . So what I 'm trying to do is capture a mood and compare it to a mood that I saw previously . ... I still feel there 's an enormous amount of hope and potential and capability here , so I do n't share the feeling of gloom , which I see in the people around me . CNN : Describe the "  Avatar " analogy for me ? Allitt : The plot -LSB- of "  Avatar " -RSB- is kind of incredibly depressing . The corporation is at the center of this planet . First of all , they have invaded the planet . And now they 're sort of stomping on the homeland of the blue people who live there . And really the picture it gives you of America is incredibly depressing . It shows Americans to be greedy and incredibly violent and intolerant , and they have n't got time for this anthropological experiment that 's going on . But obviously , the hero is one of the Americans . He 's clearly an outsider . ... The main part of the story is a condemnation of America and its values . I was surprised how few reviewers said this picture is a grotesque distortion of what we 're really like . CNN : Have you started receiving hate mail yet : Hey , Brit , get the hell out of our country ? Allitt : No , not at all . ... It certainly is n't meant to be an attack on America ; quite the opposite . As I say , I 'm very , very pro-American . CNN : Any final thoughts ? Allitt : To me , coming from Britain , one thing that is so inspiring about the United States is people really believe in human equality and they really take it seriously and they try to make it a reality . When I was growing up in Britain , nobody talked about equality . It 's a very hierarchical society in Britain , and everyone has their own place within the hierarchy and others are below them -- and then , what you 've got to do is stay in your place . So it felt very liberating for me to come to America . Although obviously , this is n't a society where everybody is equal in practice . But at least this is a place where everybody tries hard to make sure that every kid really does have the opportunities to make the most of their own abilities . And that 's a great thing . There have n't been many societies in the entire history of the world that have been like that .	British professor recently wrote about what he calls "  America the miserable " Patrick Allitt says U.S. optimism has been "  beaten out " of country in recent years Allitt says mood is like "  Avatar , " which showed Americans to be "  greedy and incredibly violent "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An investigation into an attack that killed eight U.S. troops in eastern Afghanistan last year said the combat outpost was an "  attractive target " because protection improvements had n't been made and intelligence assets had been diverted . These were main points in the findings released Friday by the U.S. military into the probe of the October 3 attack on Combat Outpost Keating in the Kamdesh district of Nuristan province . The attack killed eight U.S. service members and wounded 22 others . Based on the recommendations in the investigation , Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , the top coalition military commander in Afghanistan , "  took appropriate action regarding Army personnel involved . " The report also praised soldiers of B Troop , 3rd Squadron , 61st Calvary for repelling the assault by a force of 300 militants . Commanders must regularly assess "  the value and vulnerabilities " of combat outposts , said the report , which "  made several recommendations to improve coalition tactics . " The base had been scheduled to be closed before the attack occurred , and "  needed force protection improvements  which  were not made " because of the imminent closure . "  Critical intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance assets which had been supporting COP Keating had been diverted to assist ongoing intense combat operations in other areas , " the report said . It also said "  intelligence assessments had become desensitized to reports of massing enemy formations by previous reports that had proved false . " All of these factors "  resulted in an attractive target for enemy fighters . " The military says militants had been planning the attack for days , hiding mortars , rockets and heavy machine guns in the mountains . The assault started around dawn as bullets and rockets peppered the remote outpost October 3 and lasted for 12 hours , pinning down the exhausted troops . One soldier said afterward the insurgency was so fierce that the troops could n't get to their weapons to fire back . They called in air support to help thwart the militants . "  They were under heavy enemy contact , " Sgt. Jayson Souter said . Four servicemen -- Souter , a fellow soldier , an Apache helicopter pilot and a gunner -- talked to a military reporter about their roles during the Keating attack in an interview posted by the Department of Defense on Facebook and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force YouTube Channel . Chief Warrant Officer Ross Lewallen , an Apache pilot , said a few aircraft were damaged in what was a "  time-consuming endeavor " governed by tough terrain . He said the morning battle was "  significant , " but later troops were able to identify targets and eliminate larger weapons . "  One of the primary reasons for the fight taking so long is that it is an extreme terrain , " he said in the interview . The report said the troops killed 150 enemy fighters and "  found that the soldiers and junior leaders fought heroically in repelling an enemy force five times their size . "  Members of B Troop upheld the highest standards of warrior ethics and professionalism and distinguished themselves with conspicuous gallantry , courage , and bravery under the heavy enemy fire that surrounded them . "	Lack of protection improvements made combat outpost an "  attractive target " Intelligence failures also made the base vulnerable to a strike from militants October 3 attack on Combat Outpost Keating lasted for 12 hours
CNN  Fans of the late actor Paul Walker knew that watching him in "  Furious 7 " would be bittersweet . Even so , many moviegoers said the final scenes of the new film , which earned a record $ 146 million over the weekend , still packed an emotional wallop . "  Not gon na lie , I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7 . The tribute to Paul Walker was very well done , " one woman said Monday on Twitter . Hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring Walker , who died at 40 in a car crash in November 2013 , before filming on "  Furious 7 " was completed . To finish Walker 's scenes , the makers of the movie used body doubles , computer-generated images and even the actor 's brothers . But it was the ending that really got to moviegoers . In finishing "  Furious 7 , " the film 's producers sought to retire Walker 's character , Brian , while paying homage to his role in the blockbuster "  Furious " action franchise . But they felt that killing him off might appear exploitative . "  If they had gone down the other path , I think I would have refused to finish making this movie , " director James Wan told BuzzFeed . Instead , the movie 's makers chose to "  retire Paul 's character in the most sincere and elegant way  they  could , " Wan said . Their idea was to have Brian retire from his dangerous , high-octane lifestyle out of a sense of responsibility to his growing family with girlfriend Mia , who is pregnant with their second child . A scene late in the movie shows him and Mia playing on a beach with their son while the crew looks on -- essentially saying goodbye . Then his longtime buddy Dom reminisces about their years together , leading to a montage of Walker scenes from the first six movies . The song that plays over the montage is "  See You Again , " a collaboration between Wiz Khalifa and Charlie Puth . Co-star Vin Diesel shared the video for the song late Sunday on his Facebook page , where it has more than 1.5 million likes . Fans on Twitter and Facebook mostly praised the movie 's ending as a fitting tribute -- and an emotionally wrenching one . "  Man I do n't care how tough u are or how gangsta u claim to be . ... the last five minutes had me choked up in the movie theater ... I saw it 3 times in one day ... ... the ending is the deepest ending I 've ever seen , " one man wrote on the movie 's Facebook page .	Moviegoers are tearing up during the emotional ending of "  Furious 7 " The movie 's end is a tribute of sorts to actor Paul Walker , who died during filming
London  CNN  -- The editors of Rupert Murdoch 's News of the World tabloid knew that their reporters were hacking phones in search of stories , former News of the World journalist Paul McMullan testified Tuesday . He named Andy Coulson , who went on to become an adviser to British Prime Minister David Cameron , and Rebekah Brooks , a Murdoch protege , as editors who were aware of the practice . Coulson resigned as editor of the tabloid in 2007 when one of his reporters went to prison for hacking the voice mails of Prince William 's staff , and he later became Cameron 's communications director . Coulson has always denied knowing about phone hacking , saying he quit the paper because he was ultimately responsible for the actions of his staff . McMullan was testifying before the Leveson Inquiry , a probe Cameron established in the face of public anger at the news that the News of the World hacked the phone of 13-year-old murder victim Milly Dowler . The Leveson Inquiry has been hearing from high-profile figures for more than a week . McMullan said phone hacking was widespread at the tabloid and described being caught out himself while trying to hack David Beckham 's phone . The soccer star shocked him by answering the phone before McMullan could dial the code to access his voice mail , forcing the journalist to hang up quickly , he said . He argued that the public was complicit in the country 's tabloid culture , saying newspapers publish stories about stars because "  there is a taste for it , there is a market for it . " Celebrities also use the tabloid press to increase their exposure , he said , describing how model Katie Price , better known as Jordan , gave him the finger through a window . He snapped a picture of her , thinking , "  Thanks , love , " and sold it for 2,000 pounds  $ 3,100  . "  She knew exactly what she was doing , " he said . He also defended the tabloids ' methods as part of a free society , saying he would not want to live in a country where only the secret services were able to hack phones . His defense of the tabloids came a day after singer Charlotte Church blasted the News of the World tabloid for its decision to publish a lurid story about her father having an affair while her mother was getting treatment for mental illness . "  They knew how vulnerable she was and still printed a story like that , which is just horrific , " she said . The former child star also spoke of her anger at finding out her phone may have been hacked by a private investigator working for the Rupert Murdoch tabloid . The investigator , Glenn Mulcaire , had details of her phone and those of her parents , friends and former boyfriends , Church said police had told her . Mulcaire went to prison for hacking royal staff voice mails along with News of the World royal correspondent Clive Goodman . Celebrities who have already testified before the inquiry include "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling and "  G.I. Joe " actress Sienna Miller , who both complained of being hounded by paparazzi . Actor Hugh Grant also appeared before the panel , and he implied that police leaked information to the tabloid press . He also accused the Mail on Sunday of hacking . Police investigating phone hacking by journalists say that about 5,800 people , including celebrities , crime victims , politicians and members of the royal family , were targets of the practice by journalists in search of stories . It involves illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a PIN to access messages remotely .	NEW : Paul McMullan says the public and celebrities are complicit in tabloid culture The ex-journalist names a former David Cameron aide as knowing about hacking He is testifying at the Leveson Inquiry into press ethics Police say about 5,800 people were targeted by phone-hacking journalists
A month after Panamanian authorities intercepted a North Korean ship with military equipment hidden on board , U.N. inspectors were ready to take a look . The inspectors , who arrived at Panama 's Manzanillo port early Tuesday , came at the request of the Panamanian government . The ship set sail from Cuba , and the Cubans have admitted owning the military equipment it carries , claiming it was being sent to North Korea to be repaired and returned . Because it is pursuing nuclear weapons , North Korea is banned by the United Nations from importing and exporting most weapons . For this reason , the Panamanian government invited the inspectors and said it would let the United Nations decide how to respond to the incident . Panama 's Security Ministry said that the U.N. inspectors would not make any public comments before or during their inspection . A report will be issued at a later date . The inspection is expected to conclude next Friday . The ship was intercepted on July 15 , and authorities met with resistance from the crew . The crew members even cut cables to cranes that slowed the process of searching the ship . The ship 's captain attempted to commit suicide during the search . The equipment , manufactured in the mid-20th century , included two anti-aircraft missile systems , nine missiles in parts and spares , two MiG-21 jets and 15 motors for this type of airplane , the Cuban Foreign Ministry said . The captain and 35 North Korean crew members are charged with illegal possession of weapons and international arms trafficking , Panamanian officials said .	U.N. personnel will inspect the military equipment carried by a North Korean ship The ship was intercepted in Panama last month Authorities found missiles , two MiG-21 jets and more
CNN  After it became apparent there was a problem with the launch of the NASA-contracted Antares rocket , the company that operated the flight hit the destruct button , a spokesman said Thursday . The flight termination system was engaged , confirmed Barron Beneski , vice president of corporate communications at Orbital Sciences Corp. , in an email . Mark Kelly , retired NASA astronaut and SpaceX advisory board member , said it was the right call . "  They commanded the destruct system to make sure it did n't wind up in a populated area when they knew it was n't going to make it to orbit , " he said . The unmanned rocket was destroyed shortly after launch on the Virginia coast on Tuesday night . The crash caused a spectacular fire and scattered debris over a large area . The cargo module was carrying 5,000 pounds of supplies and experiments meant for the International Space Station .	Orbital Sciences Corp. confirms that the flight termination system was engaged Retired astronaut Mark Kelly says it was the right call The rocket was destroyed shortly after launch on the Virginia coast on Tuesday night
One day after leading a peaceful procession of demonstrators along the streets of his native Ferguson , Missouri , State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson turned a outdoor news conference into an impromptu community forum . "  I 'm here to make sure they hear what I 'm talking about , " Johnson , standing with Gov. Jay Nixon and others , told reporters Friday . He stepped away from the microphone and moved closer to members of a community still seething after Saturday 's racially-charged police shooting of an unarmed black teenager . "  Move in a little closer , " he implored residents who had gathered behind reporters . "  Come in closer . " For the man tapped Thursday to restore order in the restive St. Louis suburb where sometimes violent protests were met with a heavy handed police response , the mission is personal . "  The people of our community need to hear what I 'm saying , " he told the crowd . "  They have questions . This is n't about Ron Johnson ... It is about the people that live in our community . " State troopers took over security after days of clashes between protesters and local police , who have been accused of using excessive force -- including rubber bullets and tear gas -- in response to the demonstrations . On Thursday night , Johnson and other officials marched with the protesters and , in his words , they "  walked and shook hands and talked to people and listened and promised that we 're going to communicate better . " "  Last night was a great night , " he recalled . "  There were no calls for service . We did not deploy tear gas . We did not have road blocks . We did not make any arrests . It was a good night . People were talking . " At Friday 's news conference , residents expressed skepticism to details released by Ferguson 's police chief implicating Brown as the "  primary suspect " in a convenience store robbery moments before he was killed . Johnson said he would brief residents about the claims after meeting with Police Chief Thomas Jackson . But he urged residents "  to make sure that we do n't burn down our own house , that we do n't go down there and vandalize our own buildings ... That does n't prove a point . That does not solve the issue . That hurts this community , and that 's what I do n't want . " At one point in the news conference , a man who said he was the father of seven children talked about his kids being "  scared to death " of the police . Johnson responded more like a pastor than a law enforcement officer : "  When I got home , my daughter said , ` Daddy , were you scared ? ' I said , ` Just a little . ' She said , ` Daddy , I want you to remember when Jesus asked Peter to walk with him in the water . When Peter got scared Jesus picked him up and said have faith . ' Today , we need to be just like Peter . " On social media , people praised Johnson 's handling of the situation . "  Capt. Johnson . Inspiring . What an incredible night this is in #Ferguson , " one person tweeted . Music impresario Russell Simmons tweeted : "  When police know the community and come from community , the relationship can be transformed overnight . Well done Capt. Johnson . #Ferguson " When Johnson took over security in Ferguson Thursday , the suburb has become a flashpoint . "  A young man lost his life and so I grieve for that family because I have a son , " he told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  We 're going to look at this from a personal standpoint and if that was my son -- or that was my friend -- how would I feel ? " Earlier in the day , he told reporters in St. Louis that he grew up in the area and considers it both his community and home . Ferguson has been the scene of protests since Saturday , when a police officer shot and killed Brown , who was unarmed . Police say he was trying to grab the officer 's gun . Witnesses say the 18-year-old was holding his hands in the air when he was fatally shot . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Although locals say race relations have long been troubled between the city 's mostly African-American population and the mostly white police force , anger spilled out after Brown 's death , resulting in protests , violence , looting and fires . "  It means a lot to me , personally , that we break the cycle of violence , diffuse the tension and build trust -- showing the utmost respect for every interaction with every citizen , " Johnson , who is African-American , told reporters . "  Moving forward , I 'm confident that the patrol and police resources present here in Ferguson will do just that . " The new head of security said he is committed to the new approach . He stressed the importance of not focusing on the past . "  We 're going to start from today . We 're not going to look back in the past , " Johnson said . "  We are going to have a different approach and have the approach that we 're in this together . " Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests A white man 's response to Ferguson	The man in charge of security in Ferguson walks with protesters Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson was tapped for the job Thursday "  I 'm here to make sure they hear what I 'm talking about , " Johnson says Friday State troopers took over security in Ferguson after days of clashes
CNN  -- The International Olympic Committee  IOC  have opted not to re-award the women 's 100m gold medal at the Sydney Games in 2000 , which was stripped from Marion Jones two years ago . In line with IOC practice , controversial Greek sprinter Katerina Thanou , who finished second to Jones in Sydney , would have been expected to receive the gold medal . Instead , the record books will show no gold in the women 's sprint at Sydney but two silvers , with third-placed finisher Tanya Lawrence of Jamaica promoted to silver alongside Thanou . Lawrence 's compatriot Merlene Ottey was awarded a bronze medal instead of fourth place . It is believed to be the first time in the modern history of the Games that an Olympic event will not have a gold medallist . "  The actual awarding of a gold medal , of any medal , is certainly not a right and therefore in this case it will not happen , " IOC spokesman Mark Adams told reporters . Adams underlined Thanou 's more recent problems , notably evading anti-doping tests in 2004 , in which , "  she disgraced herself . " "  It 's felt that with her conduct she did n't deserve to be honored with this recognition , " he said . Jones ' 200m gold went to Pauline Davis-Thompson of the Bahamas with Sri Lanka 's Susanthika Jayasinghe moving up into second and Jamaica 's Beverly McDonald stepping onto the podium with bronze . Jones was stripped of all her medals she won nine years ago after admitting doping offences , and was sent to prison in the United States after lying to federal investigators .	The IOC have opted not to re-award the women 's 100m gold medal from Sydney 2000 Marion Jones was stipped of her gold medal after admitting taking drugs during her career However , no gold will be awarded because of suspicions surrounding second-placed Katerina Thanou
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A school bus loaded with children came under rocket and small arms fire near Peshawar Tuesday , killing the driver and three children and injuring 16 others , police said . The Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan group claimed responsibility for the attack , according to the group 's regional spokesman , Mohammad Talha , who said it was in response to growing support for local resistance groups against the Taliban in the region . Attackers fired a rocket at the bus and then opened fire . Three of the wounded children have serious injuries , according to Rahim Jan Afridi , chief executive at Lady Reading Hospital . The attack lasted about three minutes , said Naeem Khan , a teacher accompanying the students . Similar attacks have occurred recently in the area , as locals have put up resistance to the Taliban , said Sajjad Khan , a local police official . Talha said attacks on civilian targets would continue until residents end their resistance to the Taliban . CNN 's Aliza Kassim and journalists Shaan Khan and Saboor Khattak contributed to this report .	NEW : A Taliban group claims responsibility for a school bus attack near Peshawar NEW : Four died in the attack , 16 were wounded Police : Similar attacks have occurred recently as residents have resisted the Taliban
CNN  -- There 's a standard Atlantic City itinerary : arrive at one of the many casinos along the Boardwalk , head straight for the card tables and slot machines , drink some complimentary cocktails and proceed to empty your wallet . Sometimes it feels like it would be easier to cut out the middleman and simply hand over your money directly to the dealer because , let 's face it , the odds are not in your favor . But do n't let this dissuade you from visiting Atlantic City . Even if you 're not a gambler , good times can still be had in this iconic Jersey Shore spot , which has largely bounced back from the devastation wrought by Superstorm Sandy . Atlantic City falls somewhere in between Vegas ' glitz and Reno 's grime , and you can find a bit of either , depending on your taste . There are a myriad of eating , drinking , sightseeing and shopping options , both inside and outside the casinos . So venture past the slot machines and try some of the following activities to see what AC truly has to offer beyond gambling . Belly up to the bar at local watering holes Sure , Atlantic City 's casinos offer a glut of nightclubs and ritzy bars with bottle service and pounding sound systems . But for a cheaper drinking experience with more character , check out the city 's local dive bars and pubs . Many are open 24 hours for those who wish to imbibe until the sun rises . You might even chat with some regulars at places such as Culmone 's  2437 Atlantic Ave. ; 609-348-5170  , a pleasantly seedy establishment a few blocks off the Boardwalk . If you 're looking for some bar food to wash down your beer , try the Irish Pub  164 St. James Place ; 609-344-9064  or Pic-A-Lilli  231 S. Tennessee Ave. ; 609-344-1113  -- both offer wings , burgers and more , with a hearty dollop of local flavor on the side . Pretend you 're an extra on ` Boardwalk Empire ' The Knife and Fork Inn  3600 Atlantic Ave. ; 609-344-1133  was a Prohibition-era speakeasy and restaurant . It frequently played host to a gang of colorful characters , including the real-life Nucky Johnson  the inspiration for the HBO show 's Nucky Thompson character  , before being raided and shut down by the feds . It soon reopened , and the restaurant is still going strong today , having been fully renovated and restored in 2005 . It 's an elegant place to enjoy a steak , some seafood , a martini or two and soak in the aura of the Roaring '20s . Get curious about history If you 're in the mood to do some historical sightseeing in the greater Atlantic City area , there are several interesting landmarks . Just south of town , in Margate , sits Lucy the Elephant , a six-story high National Historic Landmark . Lucy was originally constructed in 1881 . Today , visitors can take guided tours inside the novelty pachyderm . Admission is $ 8 for adults , $ 4 for children ages 3 to 12 , free for children younger than 3 . Margate is also home to Marven Gardens , a neighborhood of beautifully restored houses from the '20s and '30s . The Monopoly property , Marvin Gardens , is actually a misspelling of the name , an error Parker Brothers acknowledged in 1995 . Absecon Lighthouse juts up prominently from the north side of Atlantic City . Dating back to 1857 , this is New Jersey 's tallest lighthouse and visitors can climb to the top for a view of the ocean and surrounding landscape . Admission is $ 7 for adults , $ 4 for children ages 4 to 12 , free for children younger than 4 . The Steel Pier does n't look much like it did in the early 20th century , but it has entertained visitors for over 100 years and is home to an array of modern rides , games and food vendors . Single tickets can be purchased for $ 1 , or discounted books of 35 , 80 or 200 tickets are available . Take a dip The gently sloping beach along the Atlantic City Boardwalk is surprisingly appealing and clean . When the weather is nice , you can find swimmers enjoying the warm water and calm surf , as well as surfers and kayakers . From July 1 through Labor Day , 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. , there are lifeguards stationed on the beach from Caspian Avenue to Jackson Avenue . So grab a towel and some sunscreen , and claim your spot early . Look at the fishes , or catch them The Atlantic City Aquarium is a great place to take kids  it also hosts birthday parties  , with exhibits featuring a bevy of fascinating fish and aquatic mammals . It 's located right on the waterfront at historic Gardner 's Basin , where you can dine at dockside restaurants and check out the Atlantic City artists ' colony . Charter sightseeing , dolphin watching and fishing boats leave from the marina . Admission to the Aquarium is $ 8 for adults , $ 6 for seniors , $ 5 for children 4 to 12 and free for children 3 and younger . Get some culture It turns out Atlantic City is not entirely devoid of high culture . Artlantic is a project curated by Fung Collaboratives that turns vacant green spaces along the Atlantic City Boardwalk into temporary art projects that change from year to year . The project began in 2012 and will last until 2016 . There are two art park locations , both an easy walk from the casinos , one between Martin Luther King Boulevard and Indiana Avenue and another on the Boardwalk at California Avenue . Indulge This year 's Atlantic City Food and Wine Festival takes place from July 25 to 27 at Caesars and features copious amounts of food , drink , parties and cocktails as well as talks and demonstrations from celebrity chefs . Packages are available to book now , starting at $ 250 . Learn to gamble This might seem like a cheat , but technically it 's not gambling . Some casinos , such as the Trump Taj Mahal , offer instructional lessons in their poker rooms . According to the casino 's FAQ , you can ask the shift manager to set up a free private or group lesson . Who knows , you might learn a thing or two for when you decide to hit the tables for real . Of course , the house does n't like to lose , so maybe hold off the high-limit tables for just a little while . Explore beyond the tables There is plenty to do inside Atlantic City 's casinos besides gambling . Take in a music or comedy show , pamper yourself at an upscale spa , eat at one of the many posh restaurants or budget buffets or embark on an epic shopping spree . If consumerism is your preferred method of relaxation , you 've come to the right place . The Quarter at the Tropicana is an Old Havana-themed cluster of shops , restaurants and nightlife , nostalgically hearkening back to the days of pre-Castro Cuba . The Pier Shops at Caesars is another area where you can spend a few hours away from the casino floor eating , shopping or watching The Water Show , a Vegas-style water , light and sound extravaganza that pops off once every hour  check with the hotel first , it is occasionally out of service  . Walk the Boardwalk Finally , take a leisurely stroll down the entire length of the Atlantic City Boardwalk , a tourist attraction that dates back to the late 1800s . On one side lies the Atlantic Ocean , stretching out behind the dunes and grass , and on the other are countless casinos , stores , novelty shops and fast-food joints . This summer , free events such as a concert by country singer Blake Shelton  July 31  and AVP pro volleyball  September 5-7  will take place along the Boardwalk . Settle in for some serious people watching . A diverse mass of humanity descends every summer , from Indian-American parades to teenage skaters to extended families from Ohio , all enjoying the sea air perfumed by the scent of fried dough and cotton candy .	Atlantic City has some of the glitz of Vegas and the grime of Reno It also has oceanfront lounging , a historic boardwalk and public art parks Venture beyond the casinos to discover this Jersey Shore destination
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A hacker 's invasion of dozens of celebrity iCloud accounts , leading to the embarrassing leaking of nude photos , has lessons for us all . Here are five things you should know about what happened . Who 's been hacked ? There 's a list of 100 celebrity women -- and one man -- whose photos were supposedly downloaded and stolen by a hacker . It includes A-listers , notably Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence , and D-listers whose names you may not recognize . Many of them only found out they were victims because of media reports naming them , but others -- such as Lawrence -- found out when social networks exploded with buzz about nude photos being distributed online . Lawrence and two others , actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead and model-actress Kate Upton , almost immediately confirmed the images were of them . Several others -- including singer Ariana Grande , gymnast McKayla Maroney and singer-actress Victoria Justice -- said photos supposed to be of them were fakes . Justice later tweeted that she did , in fact , suffer "  a serious violation of privacy , " with real photos leaked . While Rihanna is on the list , it might have been a waste of a hacker 's energy , because the singer is known for frequently sharing revealing photos of herself on Twitter and Instagram . Being on the hacked celebrity list does n't mean the hackers actually found any racy photos . Actress-singer Keke Palmer , 21 , was on the list , but has never taken or kept nude photos on her phone or elsewhere , her mother said . The former Nickelodeon star , now playing Cinderella on Broadway , was taught early in her career about the dangers , she said . Others reportedly hacked include : Aubrey Plaza , Avril Lavigne , Cat Deeley , Farrah Abraham , Gabrielle Union , Hayden Panettiere , Hope Solo , Hillary Duff , Jenny McCarthy , Kate Bosworth , Kim Kardashian , Kirsten Dunst , Mary Kate Olsen , Meagan Good , Sarah Schneider , Selena Gomez , Teresa Palmer , Vanessa Hudgens and Winona Ryder . The one male on the list is actor Dave Franco , but to the disappointment of some female fans , no nude photos of Franco have emerged . Why would celebrities have nude photos of themselves on their cell phones ? There may not be one answer for this , but distance from love interests could be a major factor . Actors spend months away from spouses and lovers while making movies . Musicians tour the world for months . Sexting can become a substitute for intimacy when a relationship goes long distance . Of course , some bathroom mirror selfies may be snapped and kept as a way to measure progress on a diet or to assess the need for a tummy tuck or update with the plastic surgeon . Other celebs , however , have enjoyed career boosts when supposedly inadvertent leaks of nude photos or videos have gone viral . Ask Kim Kardashian about that . Her career highlight was as Paris Hilton 's personal assistant before the world discovered her sex tape . Another way nude photos might find their way onto a celebrity 's cell phone is just plain naivetÃ © . Maybe they do n't realize images on their iPhones are automatically backed up by iCloud , or perhaps they thought iCloud was a safe place for their data . How did the hacking happen ? The hacker apparently took advantage of a security flaw in Apple 's online backup service , iCloud . Many online services lock someone out after several unsuccessful attempts to log in , but not Apple 's "  Find My iPhone " app and iCloud . That has been changed by Apple in the aftermath of the nude celebrity photo scandal . But with unlimited guesses , a computer program can generate and test thousands of potential passwords until an account is entered . It is called a "  brute force " attack . The tendency of many people to choose weak passwords and to use the same password for each service helped . Once a celebrity 's "  Find My iPhone " app password is discovered , the same password often can access iCloud . People might never know their accounts have been compromised . Another thing makes the famous more vulnerable . Wikipedia and many other websites provide biographical information that can help a hacker guess passwords or answers to security questions . Nearly a decade ago , Paris Hilton 's Sidekick cell phone was accessed when a hacker guessed her password was Tinkerbell , the name of her famous teacup chihuahua . Apple said on Tuesday that the company 's core computer systems , which house all its users ' data , were not hacked . "  Certain celebrity accounts were compromised by a very targeted attack on user names , passwords and security questions , a practice that has become all too common on the Internet , " Apple said . Also read : How celebrities ' nude photos get leaked How can you safeguard against hackers ? Learn from the woes of your role models , the celebrities . Choose strong , hard-to-guess passwords . Long but easy to remember pass phrases that include numbers are suggested . Have variations for different email accounts , bank accounts and apps . If one is hacked , it does not compromise your entire virtual world . Many services , including Apple 's , offer the option of two-factor authentication . After you enter your permanent password , you are asked for a second temporary password or number that is automatically generated and sent to you in a text message . A hacker would not have been able to access those celebrity photos unless he or she also had the celebrity 's cell phone . Another safeguard is to be aware that even when you delete a photo or video from your iPhone , it is possibly backed up by iCloud . The service allows you to access images on all your devices , but it also keeps those you might think are deleted . Actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead tweeted that the photos of her that were leaked were "  deleted long ago . " Also read : Naked celeb hack lesson : ` Delete ' does n't mean delete What penalty could the hacker pay ? A stiff prison sentence is the short answer . Jennifer Lawrence 's representatives said investigators have been contacted and "  will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence . " The FBI 's Los Angeles office confirmed Monday that it was investigating the hacking . "  The FBI is aware of the allegations concerning computer intrusionsÂ and the unlawful release of material involving high-profile individuals , and is addressing the matter , " the agency 's spokeswoman said . The same office caught a Florida man who hacked celebrity email accounts in 2011 . Christopher Chaney , whose targets included actresses Scarlett Johansson and Mila Kunis and singer Christina Aguilera , was charged with accessing protected computers without authorization , damaging protected computers , wiretapping and aggravated identity theft . Chaney is serving a 10-year federal prison sentence after pleading guilty in 2012 . The hackers arrested in the Paris Hilton case , including a teenager , got jail time , too . What is the cloud ?	The hacked list includes A-listers plus D-listers whose names you may not recognize Celebs may take nude pics to send to partners when away at film shoots The hacker apparently took advantage of a now-fixed security flaw in Apple 's iCloud Strong , hard-to-guess passwords and two-factor verfication can protect you
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A violent attack on a group of Chinese students in a small town in southwest France has prompted anger and condemnation in China . During the assault Friday night in the town of Hostens , south of Bordeaux , one of the students suffered a serious injury after a glass bottle was thrown in her face , French authorities said . In France to study the making of wine , the six students were at home when they were attacked by three local residents who were "  visibly in an inebriated state , " French Interior Minister Manuel Valls said in a statement Saturday . He condemned the attack "  with great severity , " describing it as "  xenophobic . " Two of the suspected attackers have been questioned and taken into custody , he said . The Chinese embassy in Paris on Sunday "  strongly condemned " the attack , calling on French authorities to "  bring the perpetrators to justice and ensure the safety of Chinese students in the country , " the state-run Chinese news agency Xinhua reported . Users of the popular Chinese social media platform Weibo also expressed anger over the attack and concern about other Chinese students living overseas . "  Hope all students studying abroad take care of themselves and help each other , " said somebody posting on Weibo under the username @Sunzhenming . There are more than 30,000 Chinese students in the French higher education system , more than any other overseas nationality , according to the French foreign ministry . The six who were attacked on Friday had been in France for two months and are due to study there for a year . The seriously injured student , who is about 20 years old , has been transferred to a hospital in Bordeaux for treatment , Walls said . The Chinese embassy has sent officials to Bordeaux to follow up on the situation and visit the injured students , Xinhua reported . Some Chinese social media users speculated that the high-level response to the attack by authorities in Paris and Beijing was because the students are the children of senior Chinese officials . "  They must be sons or daughters of government officials , otherwise , how come they get so much attention ? " asked @Moonyaohuihua . The local French newspaper Sud Ouest reported Sunday that the young woman with the face injury is the daughter of a Chinese "  dignitary . " The Chinese foreign ministry did n't immediately respond to a request Monday about her identity . French media and Xinhua reported that the three local men had attacked the Chinese students because they believed the students had called police earlier in the evening to complain about noise they were making . CNN 's Feng Ke and David McKenzie , and journalist Audrey Shi in Beijing contributed to this report .	Six Chinese students were attacked by three drunk local residents , authorities say One student suffered a serious injury after a bottle was thrown in her face The Chinese embassy strongly condemns the attack There are more than 30,000 Chinese students in French higher education
CNN  -- The current round of fighting between Hamas and Israel will eventually stop . When it does , grieving and exhausted Israelis and Palestinians will still be neighbors . Their differences will remain . The aftershocks of this war will reverberate not just in Gaza , the West Bank and Israel , but also in the streets of Cairo and Riyadh , in the cafes and living rooms of Paris , in the foreign ministries of Arab countries and in the meetings rooms of the U.S. State Department . This war has exposed damaged nerves , deep prejudices and flawed policies . Here are five places where we will see the impact after the fighting stops . Israel As Israelis were taking cover from Hamas rockets and the Gaza-based Islamist group announced it was also targeting planes flying in and out of Israel 's main airport , a television anchor in Lebanon offered a most unhelpful suggestion . Iran , she said , should give nuclear weapons to Hamas to fight Israel . Meanwhile , Iran 's Supreme Leader reiterated his wish to see Israel wiped away . These messages remind Israelis of the seriousness of their situation . Hamas has no interest in a two-state solution . It is committed to obliterating Israel . Israelis do have disagreements regarding settlements and withdrawal from the West Bank . But when it comes to Hamas , there is no question . The Hamas charter reads : "  Our struggle against the Jews is very great and very serious . " As the writer David Grossman put it , leftist Israelis now see that "  the right wing 's fears are not mere paranoia , " and the right will see that there are limits to the use of force . This fight will erode the position of the extreme left and the extreme right in Israel , giving a boost to pragmatic advocates of security . The debate will revive calls to find other options and strengthen more moderate forces among Palestinians who have lost ground to Hamas . The imperative to find a new way forward with moderate Palestinians will re-emerge after frayed nerves cool . But an old obstacle has grown : Israelis ' greatest fear is a Palestinian state falling to extremists , as Gaza did to Hamas , receiving weapons from Iran and others . There is no way Israelis will now accept an armed Palestinian state within tunneling distance of its major cities , especially if Hamas remains a dangerous player . Palestine Hamas ' bravado and its killing of Israelis may give a popularity boost to the group . But Palestinians are pondering Hamas 's tactics . They will blame primarily Israel , no question , but they will take a look at the Hamas strategy that resulted in so much death and destruction . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas was one of the first to say it publicly . When Israel was warning Hamas to stop the rocket fire that triggered a ground assault , Abbas sounded exasperated . "  What are you trying to achieve launching rockets ? " he asked Hamas , adding , "  We prefer to fight with wisdom . " With Hamas fighters hidden in tunnels , drawing Israeli fire to civilian areas , no matter how much you hate your enemy , is a tactic that warrants examination if not outright condemnation . In a stark shift from previous conflicts , criticism of Hamas was widespread in Arab media . Egyptian journalists , in particular , fulminated against Hamas . Europe The suffering of the Palestinian population of Gaza has been a heartbreaking aspect of this conflict , and it 's hardly surprising that it spurred protests , particularly in cities with large Muslim populations . But what happened in a number of European cities in France , Germany , Belgium , the Netherlands and elsewhere was something that goes far beyond a show of sympathy for the victims of war or a rejection of Israel 's tactics . Europe saw some of the ugliest eruptions of blatant anti-Semitism since the 1940s . Critics of Israel often claim that Israel unfairly hides from critics by charging anti-Semitism , but cries of "  death to the Jews , " "  slit the Jews throats , " or "  Jews to the gas chambers " along with the smashing and torching of Jewish-owned shops and attacks on synagogues , have pulled back the cover , revealing anti-Jewish sentiment that still runs deep , and in most cases remains unspoken in polite circles . We will find out how seriously European leaders address the matter now that we have found what lay hidden behind the curtain of civil discourse . Middle East The Israel-Hamas war has highlighted the emerging ideological and political alliances of a new Middle East . Turkey and Qatar have emerged as the champions of Hamas . Their support for the Muslim Brotherhood during the Arab Spring became increasingly bold . Now the two countries have become the defenders of Islamist groups across the region , drawing the ire of other Arab governments . Advocating for Islamists in Gaza is particularly beneficial to their political objectives , because the Palestinian cause draws popular support . That 's why Egypt 's decision to stand back is so remarkable . Egypt under its new government has taken a firm stance against Hamas and increasingly clashes with its supporters , particularly with Turkey . These political alliances complicate matters for the Washington . United States The fighting in Gaza , with the dramatic pictures of Palestinians civilian deaths and thousands of rockets fired by Hamas towards Israeli civilians , has caused a diplomatic conundrum for Washington . Israel is America 's foremost ally in the region . But President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have disagreements . Instead of taking a firm stance on Israel 's side , the United States has engaged in diplomacy with Qatar , which supports Israel 's deadliest enemies , and Turkey , whose leaders have slandered and smeared Israel . Details of the diplomatic process , which amazingly excluded Palestinian moderates , have caused consternation in Israel , fury in Palestinian circles and disdain in Egypt . When the cease-fire comes , the United States should review how it balances allies and their antagonists in times of crisis , because even after the shooting stops , this conflict is far from over .	Violence continues as Israel and Hamas militants fight in Gaza Frida Ghitis : This war impacts not just Gaza , but also Europe and Mideast She says the U.S. should review how it balances allies and their antagonists Ghitis : Hamas has no interest in two-state solution ; both sides need moderates
Editor 's note : Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House . He is an affiliated professor at Georgetown University 's Public Policy Institute and an adviser to the Service Employees International Union , which supports President Obama 's health care plan . Paul Begala says health care is n't getting attention it deserves -- and Obama administration is partly to blame . CNN  -- You probably have never heard of Robin Beaton , and that 's what 's wrong with the debate over health care reform . Beaton , a retired nurse from Waxahachie , Texas , had health insurance -- or so she thought . She paid her premiums faithfully every month , but when she was diagnosed with aggressive breast cancer , her health insurance company , Blue Cross , dumped her . The insurance company said the fact that she had seen a dermatologist for acne , who mistakenly entered a notation on her chart that suggested her simple acne was a precancerous condition , allowed Blue Cross to leave her in the lurch . Beaton testified before a House subcommittee this week . So did other Americans who thought they had insurance but got the shaft . As Karen Tumulty of Time magazine  who has been the journalistic conscience of health care coverage  wrote , other witnesses included : "  Peggy Raddatz , whose brother Otto Raddatz lost his insurance coverage right before he was scheduled to receive an expensive stem-cell transplant to treat his lymphoma . Why ? Because Fortis Insurance Company discovered his doctor had found gall stones and an aneurysm on a CT scan -- conditions that had nothing to do with his cancer , that never bothered him and that he was n't even aware of . And Jennifer Wittney Horton of Los Angeles , California , whose coverage was canceled because she had been taking a drug for irregular menstruation . Now , she ca n't get coverage anywhere else . ` Since my rescission , I have had to take jobs that I do not want , and put my career goals on hold to ensure that I can find health insurance , ' she told the subcommittee . " The subcommittee 's chairman , Democrat Bart Stupak of Michigan , called the hearing to highlight the obnoxious and unethical practice called rescission . His researchers produced performance reviews of insurance company bureaucrats who were praised and rewarded for kicking people off their coverage . Then Stupak asked three health insurance executives the big question : Will your company pledge to end the practice of rescission except in cases of intentional fraud ? All three health insurance executives said no . It was as dramatic as congressional testimony gets . Yet it got no airtime on the networks , nor , as far as I can tell , on cable news , although CNN.com did run a story . Time 's Tumulty was all over it , as was Lisa Girion of The Lost Angeles Times . But the story did not make The New York Times . Nor The Washington Post , which found space on the front page the morning after the hearing for a story on the cancellation of Fourth of July fireworks in Shippensburg , Pennsylvania , but not a story on the cancellation of health insurance for deathly ill Americans who 've paid their premiums . Stupak , and the Energy and Commerce Committee chairman , Henry Waxman , D-California , did their job . Why did n't the media do its ? Why were the outrages uncovered by Stupak and Waxman un-covered by most of the media ? Maybe because the Obama White House drew the spotlight away from health care . They 'd diverted the media to cover Obama 's proposed reforms of the financial regulatory system . On the last day of the 1992 Clinton-Gore campaign , we had the media A-Team traveling with us . So I made it my business to sit next to David Gergen , then with U.S. News & World Report but a former top aide to Presidents Nixon , Ford and Reagan  at that point -- little did I know he would soon be working for President Clinton  . I had never seen a communications shop as effective as Reagan 's , and I was n't going to miss an opportunity to learn from a master . Gergen told me an anecdote I still remember vividly . In the opening months of the Reagan presidency , it was the economy , stupid . America was mired in a recession , and President Reagan wanted to focus the nation 's attention on his economic plan . But Secretary of State Al Haig had other ideas . The State Department had nothing to do with the economy , and Haig had ambitious plans . So , Gergen told me , Haig got a bunch of good press , advocating for intercepting Cuban gun runners  if memory serves  . You would think a staunch anti-Communist such as Reagan would have been happy . But , no . Reagan 's chief of staff , James Baker , upbraided Haig for diverting media attention away from the primary goal : passing the president 's economic plan . I never forgot Gergen 's story -- especially when the Clinton White House wandered off message as it tried to pursue fundamental reform of the health care system . The economic plan eclipsed health care for much of Clinton 's first year . As did NAFTA . And the crime bill , which included the Brady Bill and other gun control measures . And do n't forget gays in the military . And a foreign policy crisis in Somalia -- and another in Haiti . And another in Russia . Clinton gave his health care address to the Congress on September 23 , 1993 . October was supposed to be "  Health Care Month " in the White House , but so many other issues got in the way that he had just one public event focused on health care in the entire month -- just one . I understand that Obama 's White House team has to juggle a lot of issues ; I 've been there . And I 'm sure the Obama financial reforms have merit . But if the president wants to pass his ambitious health care reform , he 's going to have to put other , worthy , ideas on the back burner and shine the media spotlight on the plight of people like Robin Beaton . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala : Health insurers are depriving some ill people of coverage He says practice called "  rescission " is used to deny people benefits Begala says hearing on rescission got little media attention He says Obama administration must put health care on front burner
Beijing , China  CNN  -- A small aircraft crashed in northeastern China close to the border with North Korea , killing its pilot and fueling speculation Wednesday about its origin . China 's official Xinhua news agency said in several brief dispatches that the plane , which went down Tuesday afternoon at Lagu Township in Fushun County , "  might be " from North Korea . It confirmed the death of the pilot and the destruction of a residential house on the ground , but added no one else was hurt . Xinhua said that the Chinese government is communicating with Pyongyang about the incident . The crash location in Liaoning province is about 200 kilometers  120 miles  away from a North Korean air base in the border town of Sinuiju , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . An employee at Songgang Iron Ore , a company near the crash site , told CNN there was a large security presence in the area , with armed police officers and special forces agents cordoning off the crash site . Photographs of the wreckage purportedly taken by an eyewitness have been circulating on Chinese websites , showing the North Korean air force emblem on the fuselage beneath the tail . Military enthusiasts online have identified the aircraft as a Russian-built MiG jet but differed on the specific model , with some calling it a MiG-21 fighter and others claiming it to be a MiG-15 trainer Yonhap quoted unnamed sources in South Korea as saying the plane 's pilot may have been trying to defect from North Korea to Russia , losing direction en route and killing himself on impact of the ensuing crash . Chinese commentators have speculated that the plane may have run out of fuel . An official at the Liaoning provincial foreign affairs office declined to comment , while the Chinese foreign ministry in Beijing referred journalists to the Xinhua news report .	The crash site is about 120 miles from a North Korean air base Security has cordoned off the site Plane enthusiasts say it is a fighter jet
Los Angeles  CNN  The cheering , clapping fans are greeting them with choruses of oohs and ahhs , hero worship for the rock stars of the sea : whales . Whale-watching boats out of Southern California are reporting almost every excursion returns to harbor with giddy patrons carrying images of large marine mammals in their cameras and minds . "  This season has just been magical , there 's just no other way to describe it , " said Dan Salas , a captain for Harbor Breeze Cruises . "  And this is just the beginning of gray whale season . It 's going to go all the way until May . " The gray whales are making their annual migration south from the Arctic Ocean where they feed , down to Mexico , where they breed during winter and late spring . "  We know that the ocean is changing , the Earth is warming , the ice melting , and this might be giving the gray whales more  easier  access to food , " said Kera Mathes , marine biologist with the Aquarium of the Pacific . "  With more access to food , the gray whales might be able to leave the Arctic waters earlier . " During a recent Salas trip , the captain closely followed two gray whales making a parallel journey south near Long Beach . The whales flipped their flukes out of the water and took dives , while dozens of eyes and cameras followed each move . Salas left that pair of migrating gray whales to search for a second set of gray whales , a rarity , a mother and her brand new calf . "  There 's mama and there 's baby , " the captain shouted over the boat 's loudspeaker . "  The baby was born today . Happy birthday . " The mother and baby cetaceans dipped underwater and reappeared , often with a spritz from their blowholes . On this trip , the gray whales did not breech out of the water completely , looking like some sort of slick television commercial . Those picture postcard breeches are uncommon , according to biologists and whale tour boat captains , but any sight of any part of a whale caused celebration . "  CNN had that pretty interesting documentary , "  Blackfish , " and it brought a lot of attention to our customers , to where they mentioned how excited they were to see the whales in the wild , their natural environment , " said Salas . "  Since that documentary our business has increased and we will hear the kids cheering , ` They are free . ' " Orcas , killer whales in captivity , were the subject of "  Blackfish . " Free-swimming orcas have been spotted this season in Southern California along with some Humpback whales and the usual preponderance of a variety of dolphins playfully jumping in clusters . Wide-eyed and smiling children chattered with each sighting . "  I 've been seeing Mother Nature and the birth of a new whale , " said 11-year-old Connor Parrish from Missouri . "  And the awesome dolphins , which are my favorite ocean animal , so it 's been good . "	"  This season has just been magical , there 's just no other way to describe it , " says boat captain Gray whales are making their annual migration south from the Arctic Ocean to Mexico
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States should be making all of its electricity with renewable and carbon-free energy in 10 years , former Vice President Al Gore said Thursday . America 's security , environmental and economic crises are all related , Al Gore said Thursday . "  The survival of the United States of America as we know it is at risk , " Gore said . In a speech at Washington 's Constitution Hall , Gore touched on an array of the nation 's current woes , saying the economic , environmental and national security crises are all related . "  I do n't remember a time in our country when so many things seemed to be going so wrong simultaneously , " Gore said . To begin to fix all the problems , Gore said , "  the answer is to end our reliance on carbon-based fuels . " Watch more on Gore 's answer to energy crisis " Gore called on the country to produce all of its electricity from renewable and carbon-free sources in 10 years , a goal he compared to President Kennedy 's challenge for the country to put a man on the moon in the 1960s . Gore chastised those who have proposed opening new areas for oil drilling as a solution to U.S. energy problems . "  It is only a truly dysfunctional system that would buy into the perverse logic that the short-term answer to high gasoline prices is drilling for more oil 10 years from now , " Gore said . Watch panelists discuss Gore 's speech " New demand from places like China means oil supplies wo n't be able to meet increasing demand , Gore said . "  The way to bring gas prices down is to end our dependence on oil and use the renewable sources that can give us the equivalent of $ 1 a gallon gasoline , " the former vice president and Nobel laureate said . Read Gore 's full speech After losing the presidential election to then-Texas Gov. George Bush in 2000 , Gore returned to the nation 's political main stage with "  An Inconvenient Truth , " a documentary film detailing global warming 's effects on the planet , in 2006 . The widely acclaimed film went on to win an Academy Award for best documentary in 2007 . In the movie , Gore explains how the levels of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases have grown exponentially in the last few decades and how that has led to changes in the Earth 's climate , such as shrinking polar ice caps and an increase in the number of hurricanes and other violent storms . To counteract the effects of global warming , Gore has pushed for policies that would reduce the emission of carbon dioxide , such as greater energy conservation and the development of alternative energy sources like wind and solar energy . Gore has also advocated for governments to tax the emission of carbon dioxide . Gore and the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 for increasing awareness of the climate change issue and for advocating for policies that could potentially offset the effects of global warming . Gore 's return to the political arena has drawn increased scrutiny , particularly of his energy use . In 2007 , the Tennessee Center for Policy Research chastised Gore for "  extravagant energy use " at his Nashville , Tennessee , mansion . Gore subsequently has installed solar panels , a geothermal heating and cooling system , compact fluorescent light bulbs and other energy-saving technologies in his home .	Renewable energy can bring equivalent of $ 1 a gallon gas , Gore says Al Gore calls for electrical grid to be off carbon-based energy in 10 years Gore has pushed for policies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions Former vice president won Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 for advocacy
CNN  -- The U.S. government 's "  no fly " list violates constitutional protections by depriving travelers of a meaningful way to have their names removed , a federal judge ruled on Tuesday . U.S. District Judge Anna Brown of Portland , Oregon , ordered the Justice Department to redraft procedures "  with the requisite due process " and without jeopardizing national security . Thirteen plaintiffs , mostly Muslim-Americans , challenged their inclusion on the list . They said they were denied boarding on flights without explanation and were not allowed to present evidence to show they were no threat to public safety . "  A traveler who has not been given any indication of the information that may be in the record does not have any way to correct that information , " Brown wrote in her 65-page opinion and order . The "  no-fly " list produced by the FBI was created after the 9/11 al Qaeda hijacking of four airliners as an anti-terror measure . It has been expanded over the years and includes thousands of names . It also has been the subject of controversy at times over its size , the criteria for selecting names , and claims that it unfairly singled out Muslims . The American Civil Liberties Union cheered the decision on Tuesday . "  For years , in the name of national security the government has argued for blanket secrecy and judicial deference to its profoundly unfair No Fly List procedures , and those arguments have now been resoundingly rejected by the court , " ACLU National Security Project Director Hina Shamsi , one of the attorneys who argued the case , said in a statement . "  This excellent decision also benefits other people wrongly stuck on the No Fly List , with the promise of a way out from a Kafkaesque bureaucracy causing them no end of grief and hardship . We hope this serves as a wake-up call for the government to fix its broken watch-list system , which has swept up so many innocent people , " Shamsi said .	NEW : ACLU hopes decision will serve as a "  wake-up call " to the government "  No fly " list is enforced on commercial airline flights But a judge says there 's no reasonable way for people to get off of it Muslim-Americans challenged the government in court
Washington  CNN  -- A day after the United States published a blacklist of alleged Russian human rights abusers , whom Washington slapped with personal sanctions , the Kremlin answered with a list of its own . It slaps alleged American rights violators with similar sanctions , official Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported Saturday . The U.S. list is part of a December 2012 law , the Magnitsky Act , which imposes visa bans and freezes assets of Russian officials believed to be connected to the death of whistleblower Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky , who uncovered the country 's largest known tax fraud . U.S. releases blacklist tied to alleged Russia rights abuses Magnitsky was allegedly beaten to death in detention , a claim which Russian authorities dispute . The new law has been a thorn in the side of Moscow , which banned U.S. adoption of Russian children shortly after it passed . Washington 's blacklist , published Friday , contains 18 names . The Russian list also contains 18 and is a conscious , incensed reply to the U.S. list . Russian news agency Interfax published the names of Americans on Moscow 's list . It includes an FBI agent , a DEA agent and officials at a New York district court . "  This war of lists was not our decision , but we do not have the right to ignore such open blackmail , " Russia 's foreign ministry said in a statement according to RIA Novosti . It accused the United States of basing its relationship with Russia on "  mentorship . " Washington 's blacklist includes people said to be linked to the Magnitsky case , including senior officials in the Russian interior ministry , prosecutors , judges , prison officials and tax officers . The people on Russia 's mirror list have a connection to the U.S. detention camp in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , RIA Novosti reported . It also includes Americans who were allegedly "  involved in the abduction and removal to other countries of Russian citizens and in threats to their lives and health . " More on the Magnitsky Act An additional , classified list , which was submitted to the U.S. Congress , includes people who are subject only to the travel ban . Other blacklisted names were tied to other high profile cases . One was accused in the 2006 shooting death of a Chechen man who filed claims against Moscow with the European Court for Human Rights in Strasbourg for human rights violations in Chechnya . The other is believed to have played a part in the 2004 murder of American Paul Klebnikov , the editor of Forbes ' magazine 's Russian edition , in what was viewed as an attempt to quash investigative journalism in the country . A senior State Department official told reporters the list was the product of an investigation based on information from non-governmental organizations and other information made available to the United States . The official said the rigorous standards used to develop this list were similar to those used to designate individuals and companies on other U.S. blacklists . Additional names would be added to the blacklist , should more information become available , the official said . Absent from the list were certain Russian officials close to President Vladimir Putin . But the senior State Department official said "  political considerations " in the U.S. relationship with Russia were "  not a factor " and that additional names could be added to the blacklist , should additional information become available . Russian reactions President Vladimir Putin 's spokesman , Dmitry Peskov , said Friday that the U.S. blacklist would have a "  very negative effect on bilateral Russian-American relations . " But he appeared to play down the long-term impact , saying ties between Moscow and Washington were multifaceted and still had potential for growth . Russia 's foreign minister , Sergei Lavrov , warned Friday that the publication of the list risked overshadowing the visit of National Security Adviser Tom Donilon , who is scheduled to visit Moscow on Monday . "  The choice of timing was not entirely favorable , " Lavrov said , considering Donilon 's visit is meant to address the broad aspects of the U.S.-Russia relationship . If the list is published , we will react and our American partners know that . "	Russia answers a U.S. human rights law with revenge sanctions on 18 Americans The U.S. law already drew an angry response when signed into law in December Friday , Washington published a list of alleged Russian human rights abusers Russia 's blacklist includes members of a New York district court and FBI and a DEA agent
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has issued a strongly-worded statement condemning a deadly , suspected U.S. drone strike in the country 's tribal region . "  Drone attacks have become a core irritant in the counter-terror campaign , " a statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Wednesday . "  We have repeatedly said that such attacks are counter productive and only contribute to strengthen the hands of the terrorists . " Pakistan 's Foreign Secretary has lodged a strong protest with the U.S. Ambassador , according to the statement , and the government has "  taken up the matter with the U.S. at all levels . " Six suspected militants were killed Wednesday when a suspected drone fired two missiles at a hideout in South Waziristan , Pakistani intelligence officials told CNN . The officials asked not to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media . Drone strikes are now carried out autonomously by the CIA , a senior Pakistani intelligence official told CNN earlier . "  It 's unilateral action , " he said as he expressed dismay at Wednesday 's strike . The U.S. does not officially acknowledge the Central Intelligence Agency 's secret drone program in Pakistan , but it is the only country operating in the region with the capacity to carry out such strikes . It was once widely believed that the program had the tacit approval and cooperation of Pakistan 's intelligence agency . Pakistani intelligence officials say Islamabad has asked the U.S. to curtail its drone strikes in remote tribal areas . "  We are not necessarily saying stop . What we are saying is irrespective of tactical games , this is not useful in the long run , " one source told CNN . "  We need a relook and to not be too trigger happy and be selective . " Wednesday 's strike is the first since March 17 , when a drone strike in North Waziristan killed 44 people -- most of them civilians , two Pakistani sources said . It 's the 19th strike this year , according to a count by CNN 's Islamabad bureau . Such strikes have inflamed tensions between Pakistan and the United States . Pakistan has formally asked the United States for an apology . On Monday , Pakistan 's intelligence chief , Lt. Gen. Ahmed Shuja Pasha , met with CIA Director Leon Panetta at CIA headquarters to voice his government 's complaints about CIA activities in his country . U.S.-Pakistani relations have been strained for some time because of ongoing American intelligence operations within Pakistan 's borders . Tensions came to a head recently when when CIA contractor Raymond Davis was arrested after killing two Pakistani men in Lahore . Although the United States said Davis was a security officer assigned to protect CIA officers , the Pakistanis maintained he was actually a spy whom they had been unaware of prior to the shooting incident . Pakistani officials insisted this week that the United States give them details about other CIA contractors in the country .	Pakistan calls U.S. drone strikes "  counter productive " A drone fired 2 missiles at a suspected militant hideout , officials say Official : CIA drone strikes in Pakistan are carried out autonomously Tensions between Pakistan and U.S. have been rising in recent months
CNN  -- Enduring privations of his own as a Civil War prisoner in Georgia , Cpl. Charles H. Knox was concerned about his wife and small child back home in upstate New York . Eight days before Camp Lawton was evacuated as Union forces closed in , Knox wrote to his wife , Frances , saying she might consider selling the family cow to raise money . Georgia Southern University Museum in Statesboro on Thursday announced the $ 2,100 acquisition of Knox 's letter and medals from private collections . The correspondence is the only known surviving letter from Lawton prison , which was built near Millen , the university said . More artifacts unearthed at site of Civil War prison in Georgia In his letter , Knox expresses hope that he will be part of a prisoner exchange between Union and Confederate forces . It was not to be . Knox , a member of the 1st Connecticut Cavalry captured by Confederate forces in May 1864 during the Wilderness Campaign in Virginia , was returned to the notorious Camp Sumter , commonly known as Andersonville . In his letter , Knox refers to the North as "  God 's Land " and the South as "  Cecesia , " a reference to its secession from the United States . "  Little Charlie " is his 4-year-old son . Knox also kept a diary about his experiences as a prisoner . He was paroled at Andersonville on February 27 , 1865 , near war 's end , and resumed his career as a carpenter . He died in February 1895 at age 70 . Knox 's letter : Lawton Prison , Ga November 14th , 1864 Dear Wife , haveing a chance to send a line into God 's Land -- & hopeing you may hear from me by it I write a few lines hopeing they will reach you in safety -- I have written to you every month since I was captured the 5th of May , last & have seen hard times since , but now hopeing the scene may soon change , for we all look for an exchange of most if not all of the Prisinors that are here -- God knows I hope so ... for I am tired of  Cecesia  I have been a Prisnor 6 months & 9 days & I think that will do for this time , but I must change the subject . . I have not heard from any of my Friends since the last letter I got from you , about the 28th of April , last , but hope you & Little Charlie are well to all the rest of my friends at home , hope you have not suffer 'd for Provisions or Clothing & not let my absents trouble you to much . I am here & shall get out some time & hope that will be soon , but do n't know -- if you want any money write to Martin if he is alive for that he is oweing me , it is nine dollars & a half that will help you some ; do that you think is for the best as it regards our affairs perhaps you had better sell the cow if hay is dear , there will be some money due me when I get out & get into our lines : & I think that I shall get a furloe & get home to see you & C -- I think there is no use of your trying to get a letter to me for it will never be delivered to me if it should come here -- my health has been good since here but am rather poor but will soon recruit up when I get to our lines , & will come & see you & the rest of the folks So good by Yours affectionately C.H. Knox Addressed to : Mrs. C.H. Knox Schroon Lake Essex Co -- New York	Georgia Southern University acquires letter written by prisoner of war The Union soldier wrote it from Confederate prison camp near Millen , Georgia Georgia Southern students have unearthed more artifacts from prison site
The National Security Agency 's internal watchdog detailed a dozen instances in the past decade in which its employees intentionally misused the agency 's surveillance power , in some cases to snoop on their love interests . A letter from the NSA 's inspector general responding to a request by Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , lists the dozen incidents where the NSA 's foreign intelligence collection systems were abused . The letter also says there are two additional incidents now under investigation and another allegation pending that may require an investigation . At least six of the incidents were referred to the Justice Department for possible prosecution or additional action ; none appear to have resulted in charges . The letter does n't identify the employees . Several of the cases involve so-called "  Loveint " violations . In one case , detailed by the NSA 's watchdog , a civilian intelligence employee assigned overseas was found to have used the NSA 's signals intelligence collection system to listen to the phone conversations on nine phone numbers belonging to foreign women from 1998 to 2003 without any valid reason . The signals intelligence system is used to spy on foreign targets for national security reasons . Yahoo and Facebook ask for more NSA transparency The case began because a woman , a foreign national employed by the U.S. government , told another employee she suspected the man with whom she was in a sexual relationship was listening to her calls . The employee who misused the NSA 's systems also incidentally collected the communications of a U.S. resident on two occasions , a move that requires a court warrant . The NSA 's vast surveillance powers are under fire after the disclosure of internal documents by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . Intelligence officials have sought to defend the NSA 's surveillance activities by saying the agency does n't misuse its authority . Grassley wrote to the NSA last month seeking to find out how often the NSA 's authorities are misused . "  I appreciate the transparency that the Inspector General has provided to the American people , " Grassley said in a statement . "  We should n't tolerate even one instance of misuse of this program . Robust oversight of the program must be completed to ensure that both national security and the Constitution are protected . " NSA violated phone rules , misinformed secret court In many cases the employees who intentionally abused the NSA 's spying systems resigned before they could be punished . Several were demoted in rank or otherwise sanctioned . In one 2004 case , a civilian employee told NSA security that she had spied on a foreign phone number because she found it on her husband 's cell phone and suspected he was being unfaithful . She collected his phone calls . The employee 's infraction was referred to the Justice Department , but she resigned before she could be fired . Some of the violations appear to have been uncovered by the NSA 's own auditing systems.Others were self-reported , including one during a polygraph of an employee . One employee violated NSA 's rules on the first day he had access to the agency 's signals intelligence collection system . He queried six e-mail addresses belonging to a former girlfriend . He told investigators he wanted "  to practice on the system " using his former girlfriend 's e-mail addresses and that he received no information , and had n't read any emails . He was demoted and his pay was reduced , and the NSA 's inspector general recommended he not be given a security clearance .	The agency found at least 12 cases of misuse The NSA has been under fire after the leak of information by a former contractor A senator had asked the NSA to detail any abuse of its systems
CNN Student News  -- April 13 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What do you think is more compelling : hearing someone tell his own story or hearing a journalist tell it ? Explain . * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What is the minimum age for the U.S. presidency ? * * 2 . What Asian country invited international journalists to tour a rocket launch site on Sunday ? * * 3 . What is the world 's largest museum and research complex ? * * 4 . What Indonesian island was near the site of an 8.6-magnitude earthquake on Wednesday ? * * 5 . What Soviet cosmonaut became the first person to travel into space on April 12 , 1961 ? * * 6 . What ship rescued the survivors of the Titanic disaster ? * * 7 . In what ocean is the Ring of Fire located ? * * 8 . What Major League Baseball team does Ozzie Guillen manage ? * * 9 . What Middle Eastern country experienced a temporary truce on Thursday , after more than a year of conflict ? * * 10 . What kind of transportation is traditionally used in a "  whistle-stop " political campaign ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
Washington  CNN  -- Wolf Blitzer , CNN 's lead political anchor , has lived in the Washington area for 39 years . "  It 's a wonderful place to live and visit . The history is all over the place ; indeed around every corner . I love everything about Washington , especially the Kennedy Center and the museums , " Blitzer said . Blitzer shared some of his favorite capital spots and activities with CNN.com : What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? The Holocaust Museum on the National Mall . It 's really amazing and helps keep a lot of mundane things in perspective . How do tourists stick out and what 's the best way to blend in ? In the summer , they usually wear very comfortable shorts and T-shirts . Why would they want to blend in and have to wear a suit and tie ? Where was your most memorable meal ? I was invited to a State Dinner at the White House in 1979 when President Jimmy Carter hosted Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin after they signed the Israeli-Egyptian Peace Treaty . It was my most memorable meal , although I do n't remember what I ate . I just remember it was delicious . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? That everyone is just interested in politics . We also love sports -- the Washington Nationals , Wizards , Redskins and Caps . Where can you get the best view of the city ? I love the view from atop the Newseum . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? BLT Steak or Café Milano . Besides having terrific food , both restaurants have the setting and service to make a special event feel that much more special . Where is the best place to people watch ? The Palm or Bourbon Steak at the Four Seasons What is your favorite neighborhood ? Bethesda , Maryland -- a D.C. suburb . That 's where I have lived for many years , and I feel very much at home there . Where do you go to relax ? My backyard . Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? A Washington Nationals baseball game with my friends . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Eggplant parmigiana and white pizza at Pines of Rome in Bethesda . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? There are n't any . All of -LSB- the attractions -RSB- are great and unique , but I especially love the Lincoln Memorial and the Jefferson Memorial . What is a good local souvenir ? Check out the stuff at the Smithsonian gift shops . Nice souvenirs there .	Great night out for Blitzer : A Washington Nationals baseball game Blitzer recommends eggplant parmigiana and white pizza at Pines of Rome in Bethesda Get a great view of the city from atop the Newseum , Blitzer says
WIRED  -- When you 're shopping for an iPad 2 , you have a dozen configurations to choose from , and some recent discoveries will make this decision much easier for you . To configure your iPad 2 , you have 12 options as you decide on color , storage and , most importantly , data connection -- 3G + Wi-Fi , or Wi-Fi-only . It turns out that if you 're one of the millions of people who own an Android phone or an iPhone , you do n't need a 3G model , which will save you a big chunk of cash . Here 's why . Smartphone hotspots The most recent U.S. iPhones  the 3GS and the iPhone 4 , when upgraded to the latest version of iOS  and the vast majority of Android smartphones now officially support wireless-hotspot capability , which turns the handset into a Wi-Fi connection that can be shared with multiple devices , including the iPad 2 . More on tablets and e-readers from WIRED So if you go with a Wi-Fi-only model and you want to hop on a cellular connection , you can activate the hotspot option on your smartphone through your carrier , pay $ 20 per month and connect the iPad to that . That 's not as seamless as having 3G built into the iPad , but it will save you the extra $ 130 you 'd plunk down on a 3G model . Plus , you 'd have to pay at least $ 15 a month just to use an iPad 's 3G connection anyway . Jailbreaking for free hotspots If you 're down with getting a little dirty , you can use your Android phone or iPhone as a hotspot without paying monthly fees by hacking your device . For Android phones , you just have to root  aka jailbreak  the device with a tool called Unrevoked . For rooted Android phones , there are unauthorized apps called Wireless Tether and Barnacle , which offer free hotspot utilities . You can also flash your device and install CyanogenMod , a different Android skin that includes a built-in hotspot feature . Presto . For the iPhone , all you have to do is jailbreak with any of the tools out there .  Do note that if you do update to the latest version of iOS , you ca n't jailbreak yet . Jailbreaking will install the Cydia app , which gives you access to the underground Cydia app store . There , you can download the unauthorized app MyWi , which costs a one-time fee of $ 20 , and does n't charge you monthly . GPS transplant The Wi-Fi iPad does n't have built-in GPS , but if you want to use that beautiful Maps app for navigation , you still do n't need a 3G iPad , so long as you have an iPhone . It turns out that if you hotspot with an iPhone , the connection transfers the GPS to the iPad . Just connect the iPad to the iPhone 's hotspot , then launch the Maps app , and you 'll see the blue dot tracking your location . We 're not sure if this works when hotspotting with an Android phone -- if you can confirm , let us know in the comments . 3G FaceTime Another surprise is that if you turn your smartphone into a wireless hotspot , you can connect to it with your iPad 2 and use FaceTime videoconferencing . That 's interesting because typically you ca n't use FaceTime over a 3G connection ; it 's supposed to only work on a Wi-Fi connection . Because a hotspot shows up as a Wi-Fi connection , you 're basically tricking the iPad 2 into using a 3G connection for FaceTime . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	To configure iPad 2 , you have 12 options in color , storage and data connection If you own an Android phone or an iPhone , you do n't need a 3G model Most smartphones officially support wireless-hotspot capability
CNN  -- Juan Martin del Potro suffered a shock second-round defeat at the Australian Open in the early hours of Friday morning crashing out to world no. 62 Roberto Bautista Agut . The no. 5 seed arrived in Melbourne in good form after demolishing Bernard Tomic in straight sets in the final of the Sydney International tournament last Sunday . But on a day of extreme heat followed by storms , the Argentine wilted in the face of some excellent serving by the Spaniard losing 4-6 6-3 5-7 6-4 7-5 in three hours 53 minutes . "  I feel comfortable on these courts . These courts are good for my game , " Bautista Agut said following his epic win which finished at 1.20 am local time . "  I 'm serving and returning very well . That helps me a lot . Today I could return a lot of serves from del Potro . This was the key to win the fourth and fifth sets , " he added . Del Potro , the 2009 U.S. Open champion , was gracious in defeat but will have to wait another year to better his modest record in Melbourne -- he has reached the quarterfinals twice  2009 and 2012  . "  I know him very well . I think he play a great match during the four hours , " del Potro said . "  It 's tough  to lose  when you have played at a very high level during four hours . "  But in every moment , he played unbelievable shots . During break point down , he served well . He made winners with forehands and backhands , and he played close to the lines very often during the match . " Bautista Agut 's reward is a third round match against world no. 28 Benoit Paire from France . Elsewhere in the men 's draw there were no alarms for the top seeds with Rafael Nadal , Andy Murray and Roger Federer all coming through in straight sets . World no. 1 Nadal dispatched Australian teenager Thanasi Kokkinakis 6-2 6-4 6-2 under the roof of the Rod Laver Arena while Murray overcame French qualifier Vincent Millot 6-2 6-2 7-5 . Federer , who is hunting down a fifth Australian Open title , beat Blaz Kavcic of Slovenia 6-2 6-1 7-6 to claim his 70th win in Melbourne . "  I 'm happy on a hot day like this , " Federer said . "  It was a good first two sets I thought . I played really aggressive and it worked out . Third set I think he was more consistent . He served better . In the process , it got closer . I 'm happy I got it done in three , " he added . World no. 10 and 2008 finalist Jo-Wilfried Tsonga is also safely through to the third round after beating Thomaz Bellucci from Brazil 7-6 6-4 6-4 . Japan 's Kei Nishikori is also safely through after seeing off Serbia 's Dusan Lajovic in straight sets 6-1 6-1 7-6 . In the women 's draw , defending champion Victoria Azarenka made light work of her second round opponent Barbora Zahlavova Strycova from the Czech Republic . The Belarusian , who is looking to clinch a third straight title in Melbourne , won through 6-1 6-4 in just under 90 minutes to set up a meeting with Yvonne Meusburger from Austria . The 2008 champion , Maria Sharapova had a far more punishing match , taking three hours to beat Italy 's Karin Knapp 6-3 4-6 10-8 . "  I 'm really happy to get through today . I really am , " a relieved Sharapova said after a energy-sapping match in the searing heat . "  I worked really hard in the last few months and I wanted this match . I did n't play my best tennis . I did n't do many things well . But I got through it , and sometimes that 's what 's important . " she added . France 's Alize Comet is up next for the 26-year-old Russian . Tenth seed Caroline Wozniacki is also through after a three-set win  6-0 1-6 6-3  against Christina McHale from the U.S. while fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska booked a third round spot after a straight sets 6-0 7-5 victory against Olga Govortsova from Belarus . Former semi-finalist Jelena Jankovic from Serbia was also a winner on Thursday . The eighth seed steamrollered Japan 's Ayumi Morita 6-2 6-0 . Thirteenth seed and last year 's semi-finalist Sloane Stephens dropped the first set against her second round opponent Croatia 's Ajla Tomljanovic , but bounced back to win 3-6 6-2 7-5 . The American will face Elina Svitolina from the Ukraine in the third round .	Argentine crashes out in five sets to world no. 62 Roberto Bautista Agut Federer , Murray and Nadal all safely through to third round after straight-set wins Maria Sharapova comes through marathon match against Italy 's Karin Knapp 2013 champ Azarenka wins in straight sets 6-1 6-4 against Barbora Zahlavova Strycova
CNN  -- The Iceman has returned to fire up Ferrari . The legendary Formula One team has re-signed Finn Kimi Raikkonen to partner Fernando Alonso in 2014 . The Italian marque is replacing Brazilian Felipe Massa with its 2007 world champion as it seeks to end an era of Red Bull dominance . "  Scuderia Ferrari announces that it has reached an agreement with Kimi Raikkonen , " read a statement on the team 's official website . "  The Finn will join Fernando Alonso in the driver lineup for the next two racing seasons . " Raikkonen spoke of his pleasure at returning to the team which had employed him between 2007 and 2009 . "  I am really happy to be returning to Maranello where I previously spent three fantastic and very successful years , " Raikkonen said . "  I have so many memories of my time at Ferrari , memories which have stayed with me these past years . "  I ca n't wait to be driving a Prancing Horse car again and to reacquaint myself with so many people with whom I had such close links . " Old foes , new friends ? Ferrari will be the only team to race two world champions next season , making it the most potent , but potentially risky , pairing on the grid . Commenting on his new teammate , Alonso said : "  I 'd like to welcome my new traveling companion : together , starting next year , we will have to tackle a very demanding technical and racing challenge . " Raikkonen added that he considered the Spanish double world champion , "  a great driver . " Ferrari released Raikkonen in 2009 -- ending his multimillion-dollar contract a year early -- to make way for Alonso as its number one driver alongside Massa . Raikkonen said at the time he was "  very sad " to leave Ferrari and he immediately quit F1 to pursue rallying . That backdrop feeds a fascinating dynamic between Raikkonen and Alonso as they work together as teammates next season . Pairing Alonso with another ambitious and capable driver is a risk -- a problem McLaren had to face when it signed the Spaniard alongside Lewis Hamilton in 2007 . Alonso , who won back-to-back world titles with Renault in 2005 and 2006 , left McLaren after a single season in which he and Hamilton fought over No. 1 status within the team . Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo had said earlier this year he did not want "  two roosters in the same henhouse " but that view softened at last weekend 's Italian Grand Prix . Di Montezemolo gave Raikkonen the green light ahead of Massa and Sauber 's Nico Hulkenberg , who had also been linked with a move to Ferrari next season . Massa , who was retained by Ferrari after recovering from a life-threatening head injury at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix , announced his departure Monday . The 32-year-old revealed on his Twitter account : "  From 2014 I will no longer be driving for Ferrari . "  I would like to thank the team for all the victories and incredible moments experienced together . "  Right now I want to push as hard as possible with Ferrari for the remaining seven races . For next year , I want to find a team that can give me a competitive car to win many more races and challenge for the championship which remains my greatest objective ! " Raikkonen , who has won two races since returning to F1 with Lotus in 2011 , will be determined to fight for victories -- something Massa has struggled to do alongside Alonso . The Brazilian , who has spent eight years at Ferrari , has not won a race during his tenure as Alonso 's teammate while the former Renault star has won 11 grands prix since joining Ferrari in 2010 . Raikkonen -- nicknamed "  the Iceman " -- is not expected to be cowed by Alonso 's strong personality or his abilities on track . Ferrari will hope their "  fire and ice " combination will bring out the best in each other as it seeks to win its first team title since 2008 . Team principal Stefano Domenicali chose only to focus on Raikkonen 's comeback Wednesday , saying : "  I sense he is very happy to be returning to Maranello and very determined to tackle the work that awaits him in the best way possible . " Ferrari 's late founder Enzo Ferrari had a reputation for encouraging rivalry between his drivers but Ferrari has preferred to adopt a policy of focusing on a lead driver since Michael Schumacher joined in 1996 . Silent but deadly Raikkonen is as renowned for his reticence as he is for his pure speed -- the 33-year-old simply prefers to do his talking on the track . But his occasional , pithy one-liners have earned him a legion of global fans . His comment to Lotus on team radio as he raced to victory in Abu Dhabi last year  "  Leave me alone , I know what I 'm doing "  was so popular it has appeared as a slogan on t-shirts and mugs . Back in 2001 , Raikkonen was fast tracked into F1 by Sauber after competing in a mere 23 races in motorsport 's junior categories . McLaren was the next team to recognize Raikkonen 's natural talent , and snapped him up on a long-term deal in 2002 . The following season , Raikkonen took Schumacher down to the final race of the season in a thrilling championship but he would have to wait for the German to retire before finally getting his hands on an elusive world title . Ferrari chose Raikkonen as Schumacher 's replacement in 2007 , hiring him for a reported $ 41 million . He soon earned his corn , bringing the drivers ' title back to Ferrari after seeing off Hamilton by a single point . Ferrari has now returned to Raikkonen for a quick fix as the Scuderia desperately seeks to rein in the all-conquering Red Bull team . Raikkonen , who turns 34 in October , will not be able to offer a long-term solution -- but Ferrari chiefs are gambling on the fact that given the right car he will deliver , and deliver quickly .	Kimi Raikkonen has rejoined Ferrari to partner Fernando Alonso in 2014 The Finn won the 2007 Formula One world title with Ferrari after replacing Michael Schumacher Ferrari terminated Raikkonen 's contract in 2009 to make way for Alonso Felipe Massa leaves the Italian team after eight years
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- What do software mogul Bill Gates and banking investor Warren Buffett have in common with wanted Mexican drug lord Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Loera ? Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Loera , pictured in 1993 , ranks 701st on Forbes ' yearly report on billionaires . They are all featured in Forbes magazine 's world 's billionaires report as "  self-made " billionaires . Guzman Loera , whose nickname means Shorty , escaped from a Mexican prison in 2001 . He heads the powerful Sinaloa cartel , investigators say . Authorities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border blame the Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region . He ranked 701st on Forbes ' yearly report , with an estimated fortune of $ 1 billion . Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora expressed outrage at the publication and described Forbes ' calculations on Guzman Loera 's fortune as mere "  speculation . " "  I will never accept that a criminal could be recognized as someone distinguished , even if it is by a magazine like Forbes , " Medina Mora said to local media during a drug traffic summit Thursday in Vienna , Austria . Forbes is "  comparing the deplorable activity of a criminal wanted in Mexico and abroad with that of honest businessmen , " he said . Mexican President Felipe Calderon -- speaking at a business summit Thursday in Mexico City -- alluded to the report , saying , "  It is very sad the intensification of a campaign , which seems to me , has been launched against Mexico . " Calderon added , "  Public opinion and now even magazines not only attack and lie about the situation in Mexico , but now also praise criminals . In Mexico , it is considered a crime to praise criminals . " Guzman Loera has a three-decade history of drug trade spanning North , Central and South America . The Forbes profile of Guzman Loera reported that "  the U.S. government is offering a $ 5 million reward " for the billionaire 's capture . Steve Forbes , the magazine 's editor-in-chief , issued a statement on Saturday saying "  it is deplorable that someone like this has a billion dollars . " But the magazine , he said , was simply doing its job and reporting a fact . "  Forbes has listed other criminals from Meyer Lansky  1982  to Pablo Escobar  1987-1993  on our Rich Lists , " Forbes said . "  Do n't shoot the messenger . " Its article offers a rationale as to why Guzman Loera made the list . "  So is there anywhere one can still make a fortune these days ? The 38 newcomers offer a few clues . Among the more notable new billionaires are Mexican Joaquin Guzman Loera , one of the biggest suppliers of cocaine to the U.S. " CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Loera reportedly heads Sinaloa cartel in Mexico Magazine says Guzman Loera "  one of the biggest suppliers of cocaine to the U.S. " He ranks 701st on Forbes ' yearly report -- worth an estimated $ 1 billion Mexico 's attorney general expresses outrage at Forbes publication
CNN  -- Last weekend , suspected Islamic jihadists killed at least 40 students at a Northern Nigerian agricultural college , many while they slept . The Council on Foreign Relations Nigeria Security Tracker shows that jihadist-related attacks in Nigeria are increasing . Most of the victims in this violence are Muslim , but some are Christian . While no group has claimed responsibility for Sunday 's massacre , the Nigerian media assigns responsibility to Boko Haram , and the operation has the hallmarks of the group 's previous massacres . What is Boko Haram ? It remains shrouded in mystery . Boko is the Hausa word for "  book , " and commonly refers to Western education . Haram is the Arabic word for "  forbidden . " Hostile to democracy , modern science , and Western education as non-Islamic , it is highly diffuse . For some adherents , religious , even apocalyptic , themes appear to be paramount . They are looking toward the creation of God 's kingdom on earth through violence against those they see as Islam 's enemies , rather than the achievement of a political program . But , political opportunists and criminals also operate under the label of "  Boko Haram . " The movement 's umbrella appears to be a shared Islamic vocabulary of protest , a hatred of the secular government in Abuja and of a corrupt Nigerian political economy -- and a disposition toward violence . It is especially murderous toward members of the Islamic establishment that have "  sold out " to Abuja . It does not appear to have an overarching political structure , and Abubakar Shekau , the leader of perhaps its largest element , does not exercise universal command or control over many of its elements . Does this pose a threat to U.S. or other Western interests ? Should ties between the United States and the Abuja government strengthen under the guise of a common "  war on terror , " American interests -- though limited in Northern Nigeria -- could become a Boko Haram target , not least because "  the friend of my enemy is my enemy . " Thus far , Boko Haram has shown little interest in the world outside of Nigeria and the Sahel . But the situation in Nigeria is dynamic , and it is possible that closer ties will develop between al-Qaeda and elements of Boko Haram . The group was founded by Malam Mohammed Yusuf , a charismatic preacher who was murdered by police in 2009 in a public episode that went viral on the internet . But , even with respect to Yusuf 's core disciples , there is remarkably little hard information about their structure and leadership . After Yusuf 's murder , leadership fell to his deputy , Abubakar Shekau . He normally communicates through videos , and has not been seen in person since Yusuf 's death . His latest video appeared in September 2013 . The revolt 's foot soldiers likely are drawn from unemployed youth in Northern Nigeria , a region of profound poverty . Many of them attended Islamic schools where they learned little other than to memorize the Quran . Often they are children of peasants , rootless if not homeless , in a big city . They can bond through a common radical Islamic sensibility , inchoate rage , and the prospect of earning a little money as terrorists . Up until 2012 , Boko Haram attacks appeared to be largely funded by bank robberies . One commentator credibly estimated that there had been several dozen since 2011 . Boko Haram has successfully looted weapons from government arsenals . What is new is Boko Haram 's use of suicide bombers . Suicide is anathema to West African culture , and had been unknown as a weapon of terror in Nigeria . West African borders are porous , and travel between Nigeria and areas where al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb -- the Salafi-jihadist militant group -- operates is easy . Yet , while there is evidence of communication between different groups in the region , there continues to be little sign that al-Qaeda 's influence has been transformative . Instead of the international jihad , Boko Haram continues to be focused primarily on internal Nigerian issues . It shows little interest in southern Nigeria , let alone Europe or the United States . Still , Nigeria 's federal government is addressing Boko Haram as an al-Qaeda-linked terrorist movement . On May 14 President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in the three northern states of Yobe , Adamawa , and Borno , where Boko Haram normally concentrates . But the heavy security presence , especially during the state of emergency in these areas , is dysfunctional . There is a downward spiral , with soldiers resorting to brutality on an increasingly hostile population . On the other hand , soldiers and police are primary targets of Boko Haram , and their casualty levels are high . An endgame is hard to foresee . In the past , millenarian Islamic movements have burned themselves out , often under military pressure . There are few signs this process is under way . And the military appears incapable of controlling it . If Boko Haram is not going away , it is also unlikely to be able to overthrow the Nigerian state . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Campbell .	John Campbell : Islamist Boko Haram suspected in slaughter of Nigerian students He says the Nigeria-focused group opposes democracy , science , Western education . If Nigeria , U.S. unite in "  war on terror , " the group is ripe to for al-Qaeda ties Campbell : Nigeria pushes back hard at Boko Haram , but it does n't seem to be going away
"  Good Morning America " anchor Robin Roberts used a Facebook post to acknowledge what friends and co-workers have long known : She 's gay . Roberts , 53 , has been very open about her health battles , but she has not previously spoken publicly about her sexuality . First lady Michelle Obama tweeted her support to Roberts Monday : "  I am so happy for you and Amber ! You continue to make us all proud . - mo " In an end-of-the-year message posted on her Facebook "  like " page Sunday , Roberts wrote : "  I am grateful for my entire family , my long time girlfriend , Amber , and friends as we prepare to celebrate a glorious new year together . " While Roberts did not give her girlfriend 's last name , People magazine identified her as Amber Laign , a licensed massage therapist from San Francisco whom she met through mutual friends a decade ago . It was ABC 's Roberts whom President Barack Obama chose in May 2012 for his landmark interview to acknowledge his support for same-sex marriage . Roberts has kept few secrets about her health . She wrote and spoke extensively about her battle with breast cancer in 2008 and again in 2012 when she underwent a bone marrow transplant to treat a rare blood disorder called myelodysplastic syndrome . Sunday 's Facebook posting came on the first anniversary of the 100th day of her recovery from the transplant . "  At this moment I am at peace and filled with joy and gratitude , " she wrote . "  I am grateful to God , my doctors and nurses for my restored good health . I am grateful for my sister , Sally-Ann , for being my donor and giving me the gift of life . I am grateful for my entire family , my long time girlfriend , Amber , and friends as we prepare to celebrate a glorious new year together . I am grateful for the many prayers and well wishes for my recovery . I return every one of them to you 100 fold . On this last Sunday of 2013 I encourage you to reflect on what you are grateful for too . "	First lady Michelle Obama tweets : "  I am so happy for you and Amber ! " Roberts has not previously spoken publicly about her sexuality The ABC anchor thanks "  my long time girlfriend , Amber " in a Facebook message Sunday "  At this moment I am at peace and filled with joy and gratitude , " she writes
CNN  Raymond Heiber estimates he has told this story 100 times . He 'll never get tired of telling people about the forces that brought him to his soul mate at 51 . The story begins in 1969 , when Raymond walked down the aisle with Helen Klinger for the first time . They were the ring bearer and flower girl in the wedding of Raymond 's uncle , Ron , and Helen 's oldest sister , Charlotte . Ray was about to turn 6 , and Helen was 7 . After the wedding , they remained childhood playmates , meeting up at family picnics and pool parties in the coal region of Pennsylvania where they lived . But by the time they were teenagers , their lives took different directions . Helen married young and had four children . Raymond joined the Navy , married and had a son . Things did n't work out how either of them planned . Raymond 's wife died of lung cancer after 30 years of marriage , and Helen 's marriage ended in divorce . In early 2014 , they were both on their own again , living 50 miles apart in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania . "  All she wanted in her life was for someone to love her , for her , " Raymond said . "  And the way I was left , all I wanted was to love somebody for one more day . " That 's when what they like to call the "  divine conspiracy " began . Ron and Charlotte , now living in Las Vegas , traveled back to Pennsylvania in May to celebrate their 45th wedding anniversary . Thinking of the couple , knowing they each could use a companion , Charlotte suggested Raymond give Helen a call , just to talk . He was nervous . "  He said , ` It 's been years , I do n't even know if she would know me anymore , ' " Charlotte remembers . Raymond called Helen a week later . You can probably guess what happened after that . "  Things just fit together -- there was no real working stuff out . The whole thing was very easy . The families knew each other , I knew her brothers , I knew her sisters , she knows my whole family and everything just worked out , " Raymond said . Helen , who says Raymond had appeared to her in a dream weeks before they reconnected , looks at the picture of him and her as ring bearer and flower girl and believes they had a spiritual connection even then . Sometimes , they wonder why they did n't get married all those years ago , but they believe God truly did have a plan . From ring bearer and flower girl to husband and wife , 20 years later "  If his wife would n't have passed away and I had n't got divorced , we probably would n't have met again , " said Helen , who just turned 53 . "  I think he was supposed to go through that experience , just like I was supposed to go through my experience to be a better person . " After dating for four months , they walked down the aisle for the second time on September 14 , 2014 , to become husband and wife . This time , the roles were reversed : Ray 's uncle carried the rings and Helen 's sister carried the flowers .	Raymond Heiber and Helen Klinger first walked down the aisle in 1969 Forty-five years later , they found their way back to each other Go to CNN.com / soulmatestories to see more and add your own
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama 's record on foreign policy has changed dramatically since taking office -- he now has one . What was arguably candidate Barack Obama 's biggest weakness in 2008 may become President Obama 's biggest strength with the announcement of an interim deal with Iran to slow that country 's nuclear program . Since taking office in 2009 , the President can boast successes including ending the war in Iraq , winding down the war in Afghanistan and killing al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . But unlike the other events , the Iran deal brings a tremendous amount of risk that could yield high reward or total catastrophe : It could end in either a more peaceful world or a nuclear Iran . State of play The President has had a rough go of it in the past two months , largely due to the disastrous rollout of HealthCare.gov . The latest CNN/ORC poll , which was released last week , has his approval rating at 41 % -- the lowest of his presidency . However , the same poll found that 56 % of Americans said they would favor the kind of interim deal with Iran that was reached Saturday . 20 questions about the Iran nuclear deal : What it says , what 's at stake , what 's next Republican strategist Alex Castellanos said on CNN 's State of the Union Sunday that the deal could help the President 's public perception . "  Any time you see the President on the world stage , captain of the ship of state , you see him as the father figure for the country , " Castellanos said . "  That 's a good thing for the President politically . " Domestic impact But that picture could get clouded if he does n't have the support of Congress . Lawmakers from both parties urge caution on Iran deal The deal between Iran and the six negotiating nations -- the United Kingdom , the United States , France , China , Russia and Germany -- has been met with staunch opposition , even from members of Obama 's own party . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , an important Democratic voice on Iran , said the deal disproportionately favors the Islamic republic , and he predicted bipartisan support in Congress for new sanctions . "  This disproportionality of this agreement makes it more likely that Democrats and Republicans will join together and pass additional sanctions when we return in December . I intend to discuss that possibility with my colleagues , " the senator from New York said . And on State of the Union , Rep. Eliot Engel , D-New York , said the deal makes it "  very difficult " to continue sanctions that are considered effective at hobbling Iran 's nuclear capabilities . Congress could choose to try to circumvent the deal and impose new sanctions on Iran , starting another battle between the President and the Congress . Such an action would be a huge embarrassment for Obama internationally if Congress successfully undermines him . "  Weakness invites the wolves , " Castellanos said . "  When you are in a weak position politically as leader of the United States ... you 're a little more open to things you should n't be open to . " With trust between the executive and legislative branches extremely low , the Iran deal could drive a bigger wedge between the two sides . International impact Also at stake is the United States ' relationship with its allies in the Middle East . On Sunday , Israel and Saudi Arabia slammed the deal , with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calling it a "  historic mistake . " Iran nuclear deal : One agreement , wildly different reactions "  They 're afraid this deal is the start between the United States and Iran that will take us off Saudi Arabia 's side and put us on Iran 's side , " Ken Pollack of the Brookings Institution said on CNN 's Fareed Zakaria GPS . While allies worry that the deal might weaken their relationship with the United States or put their security at risk , CNN 's Zakaria said the alternative could be worse . "  Had the Geneva talks broken down this week , Iran would have continued to expand its nuclear program , " he said , adding that Iran has increased the number of centrifuges from 160 to 19,000 in the past decade . Russia and China , two countries that have tenuous relationships with the United States and have closer ties to Iran , support the deal . Retreat or redefine ? While he has received bipartisan praise for some of his foreign policy initiatives , Obama has been criticized by opponents for acquiescing American leadership . Castellanos said some might look at this deal as another example of the President "  retreating from the world . " "  It 's our presence and strength that keeps the world peaceful , " he said . "  As we approach a more global kind of perspective , we 're just one of many countries that is working to make the world a better place , the world is more uncertain . " His supporters , however , have praised his foreign policy philosophy . Bill Burton , a former adviser and deputy press secretary for Obama , said the deal shows "  a significant shift in American foreign policy " that includes consensus-building and diplomatic engagement . While the interim deal is only the first stage of multistep negotiations that could unravel at any time , only time will tell how it will be remembered by future historians examining Obama 's legacy . Breaking down the Iran nuclear deal	President Barack Obama has struggled politically recently On interim Iran deal , the public could be on his side Congress , however , has indicated that it is skeptical His foreign policy legacy could be defined by deal 's outcome
London , England  CNN  -- A British soldier who went absent without leave rather than return to fight in Afghanistan was jailed Friday for nine months by a military court , officials said . A Ministry of Defence spokesman confirmed that Lance Corp. . Joe Glenton had been convicted by a military judge at a court martial in Colchester , southeast England , Glenton , who completed a seven-month tour of duty in Afghanistan in 2006 , became an outspoken critic of British military operations in the country during his absence , frequently appearing at anti-war rallies and on television . In an interview last July , the 27-year-old told CNN that he was not a conscientious objector , but was refusing to return because he felt the 2001 invasion and subsequent conflict against Taliban militants was not a legitimate use of force . "  The situation in Afghanistan and our involvement is further antagonizing the Muslim population of the world , " Glenton said . "  I think the conflict has become part of the problem , not part of the solution . "	Lance Corp. . Joe Glenton jailed for nine months for refusing to fight Glenton told CNN he was not a conscientious objector 27-year-old said conflict was not legitimate use of force
Forget everything we know and love about physical magazines . Forget their length . Forget their size . Forget their weekly or monthly publishing schedule . Forget all these qualities except for one : What it 's like to come to an end , and to take a deep breath . Like Newsweek , almost all magazines will eventually go purely electronic . This should n't surprise anyone . Already , nearly 40 % of tablet owners read digital newspapers or magazines , with nearly 10 % doing so daily . Still , as I watch this shift , I ca n't help but feel a twinge of nostalgia . Not for the paper , but for the boundaries . I miss the edges -- physical and psychological . I miss the start of reading a print magazine , but mostly , I miss the finish . I miss the satisfaction of putting the bundle down , knowing I have gotten through it all . Nothing left . On to the next thing . Newsweek ending print edition , job cuts expected It may seem strange to think about printed publications as having a "  user experience . " But they do , of course . Print is a technology as much as desktop computers and tablets are technology . One of the qualities most natural to the user experience of print is the sense of potential completion , defined by the physical edges . It is a quality that is wholly unnatural to digital formats . The digital reading experience makes one want to connect and expand outward . Print calls for limit and containment . Ted Nelson , who invented the term "  hypertext " in 1963 , also coined another word : Intertwingularity . Describing it , he said , "  In an important sense there are no ` subjects ' at all ; there is only all knowledge , since the cross-connections among the myriad topics of this world simply can not be divided up neatly . " Later , he added , "  Hierarchical and sequential structures , especially popular since Gutenberg , are usually forced and artificial . " The digital landscape is the perfect playground for actualizing the intertwingular , since the same information can be referenced in an endless number of locations , can be remixed freely , and need not abide by any single hierarchy . It is this intertwingularity that can make navigating digital content so stressful . While a stack of printed back issues of National Geographic may seem intimidating , it is not unapproachable . The magazines may be dense , but you know where you stand as you read them . But what about staring at an empty search box leading into the deep archive of nationalgeographic.com ? Petrifying . Boundless . Like standing on the edge of a giant reservoir in the dead of the night , looking down into its infinite blackness . Link after related link keeps pushing you along until , suddenly , you may end up reading about polar bears on an entirely different website , and maybe you have n't been up for air in hours . Magazine websites , like the World Wide Web itself , open one up to continuous exploration through links and related content . There 's beauty in that , if one is up for total immersion . But it 's easier to become overwhelmed , or lost . Linda Stone created the term "  e-mail apnea " to describe holding your breath as you traverse the horrors of your inbox . I find myself experiencing digital apnea of all sorts . Google News apnea . Twitter apnea . Facebook newsfeed apnea . RSS reader apnea . In the face of endless content streams , it 's hard to stop and take a breath . There is no print apnea . Perhaps , at worst , one may experience library apnea -- standing before the vast greatness of the reading room in the British Museum , for example . But even then , it 's different . There 's the cozy smell of old books and the softness of the aged pages . It 's more akin to basking in grandeur than to suffocating under information overload . It 's hard to feel the same reverence for our 24/7 Twitter feeds . The question "  How deep does it go ? " is one that that nobody had to ask the printed edition of Newsweek . Newsweek.com ? It 's not so clear . It 's why we love "  Most Popular " and "  Most E-mailed " lists -- they bring some relief of edges to the digital page . As more of our content consumption shifts digital , the onus lies on tablet and smartphone applications to find a way to create cleaner and more bite-sized forms of boundaries in a medium that does n't want to be contained . At the start of 2013 , Newsweek joins the legions of other digital-only publishers . We 're losing the paper , the touch and the romanticism of the printed object . But hopefully , we 'll find a way to create new edges .	Craig Mod : Like Newsweek , almost all magazines will eventually go purely electronic Mod : Physical magazines have start and finish ; they give a sense of completion He says digital formats lack edges and boundaries ; it 's harder for readers to focus Mod : Until digital magazines make it easier to stop , there will be nostalgia for print
One moment , dozens of sports bar patrons were cheering the Miami Heat as they watched the NBA finals on a deck above South Florida 's Biscayne Bay on Thursday night . The next -- just as they stood to cheer a Heat basket , a hostess recalled -- the packed deck collapsed , spilling them into water . About 100 people were on the deck of Shuckers Bar & Grill at the time of the collapse , Miami-Dade Fire Lt. Eugene Germain told reporters . Authorities are treating 24 victims , three of whom have "  critical injuries , " Germain said . Officials believe no one is missing . Read about the Philadelphia building collapse Video from CNN affiliate WSVN showed fire trucks and ambulances at the scene , which was illuminated by a spotlight from a helicopter . Rescue divers were also there . At least one patient on a stretcher was put inside a waiting ambulance . The collapse is believed to have happened shortly before 10 p.m. ET . What had been the deck was largely unrecognizable after the collapse , video from CNN affiliate WFOR showed . Connected to a Best Western hotel , Shuckers Bar & Grill is in Miami 's North Bay Village . On its website , it boasts outdoor dining on a dock over Biscayne Bay and 23 high-definition flat-screen TVs . At the time of Thursday 's collapse , the hometown Miami Heat were playing in San Antonio against the Spurs in the NBA finals . Leah Masters , a Shuckers hostess , told WFOR that the deck collapsed just as people stood to cheer as the Heat scored . Miami Heat vs. San Antonio Spurs : Game 4 Highlights	The collapse happened during a San Antonio Spurs , Miami Heat game Twenty-four people are being treated , three have critical injuries Authorities believe no one is missing Shuckers Bar & Grill is located in Miami 's North Bay Village
Chicago  CNN  -- Kain Colter actually got this idea sitting in a college classroom at Northwestern University . The 21-year-old quarterback , soon to graduate with a degree in psychology , is taking the day off from training for the NFL draft to take the stand at a National Labor Relations Board hearing today and testify against his own university and on behalf of fellow football players . The goal : an attempt to revolutionize the way collegiate athletes are treated . Colter , with the help of a team of lawyers and the National College Players Association , is leading an effort to unionize the Northwestern football team . Backed by the overwhelming majority of the team , Colter will kick off a days-long hearing before the National Labor Relations Board in Chicago . "  Student athletes do n't have a voice , " Colter said at a press conference last month . "  They do n't have a seat at the table . The current model resembles a dictatorship with the NCAA putting rules and regulations on students without their input . " A union would certainly change that . It would put the athletes in a position to bargain , to demand things that college athletes have never had before -- like stipends , continuing medical coverage after graduation , more concussion testing and even a portion of the profits of the multibillion dollar windfall created by college football and basketball . Never before have current players been so vocal in standing up for themselves . It 's a bold move , given the incredibly controlling nature of collegiate athletics . "  These guys at Northwestern are really an inspiration , not just to other football and basketball players and athletes , but these are young men standing together , 70 to 80 guys and they 're taking on a multibillion industry because they know it 's the right thing to do , " said Ramogi Huma , president of the NCPA , which last season organized the All Players United wristband protest in support of NCAA reform at Georgia Tech , Northwestern and the University of Georgia . "  If they win , it immediately sets a standard , " Huma said . Colter came to Huma with this idea last year , and Huma has been helping him with resources to see it through . If they win , it could have a huge effect on the structure of the NCAA . Despite some quiet resistence at Georgia and Georgia Tech against the players who participated in the All Players United wristband protest in September , Northwestern leaders have been vocally supportive of the leadership exhibited by the team . They do n't , however , agree with the idea . At the NLRB hearing , it 's expected to present a handful of experts who will argue that college sports are not a commercial venue . "  Northwestern teaches its students to be leaders and independent thinkers , " a lengthy statement says , in part . But it continues "  we believe that a collective bargaining process at Northwestern would not advance the discussion of these topics . ... Our student-athletes are not employees , but students . " The NCAA , which is not a party to the case , also put out a statement opposing the move . "  This union-backed attempt to turn student-athletes into employees undermines the purpose of college : an education , " said Donald Remy , the NCAA 's chief legal officer , in a statement . "  Student-athletes are not employees , and their participation in college sports is voluntary . " A seat at the table So , could it work ? New York University labor law professor Richard Epstein said it could , but he cautions that it may take away what fans like about college sports . With unions come bargaining , the potential for strikes and lack of stability . Imagine pickets instead of rivalry games , he said . "  It 's just very difficult to be confident that if you try to put this on the opposite side of the NCAA , it 's going to improve things , " he said . However , he does think they have a shot at winning this fight . NYU recently settled a case with graduate students who argued they were both students and employees of the university and deserved rights . But even if the athletes at Northwestern succeed , it could be years before they see any change , and it 's unclear how it would affect other teams . It 's very likely the players who took the risk to stand up and say something will never see the benefits . The hearing that starts Tuesday is expected to last through the week . The judge has a month to make a decision , and appeals , which could take years to hash out , may potentially go all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court . "  Comprehensive reform will always be elusive unless players have a seat at the table , just like the NBA , just like the NFL , " Huma said . There 's been growing support for NCAA reform , mostly because of former UCLA basketball player Ed O'Bannon suing the NCAA for rights to his own likeness . And of course there 's long been a debate about whether the for-profit sport athletes deserve a cut of the money they generate . Lost in that , though , are stories like former Northwestern player Jeff Yarbrough . When he was recruited in 2003 , he was among the top six fastest teens in the state of Illinois . But he fractured both legs during his college career and doctors had to put metal rods and screws in both shins . He 's in so much pain , he can barely run . He 's only 27 years old . "  I 'm like a 45-year-old man . I ca n't move , " he said . Huma said most people do n't know that the NCAA does n't even mandate that colleges cover the cost of medical expenses for current players , and there 's no help at all for former ones . Each year , $ 30 million is generated by Northwestern football , Huma said , "  yet  players  have no guarantee that medical costs will be covered . " Yarbrough wants to have the rods removed from his legs , but the procedure could cost him $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 in out-of-pocket expenses , money he does n't have to spare working as a teacher in Chicago . "  I definitely feel a little let down by the NCAA in regards to football , " Yarbrough said . "  It 's not like other sports . There are concussions that occur . If there was protection for players after they graduate that would be a great deal . " Then he lights up , and says , "  I 'm really proud of the guys at Northwestern for taking this stand . " CNN producer Brian Rokus contributed to this report . Watch The Lead with Jake Tapper weekdays at 4pm ET . For the latest on The Lead with Jake Tapper click here .	Northwestern University quarterback leads effort to unionize football team National Labor Relations Board holds hearings on issue starting Tuesday Northwestern , while supportive of the team 's leadership , opposes the idea NYU labor law professor says union could work , but fans may not like result
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- The Boxee Box , a cubelike device that shares Internet content with your TV , won the annual "  Last Gadget Standing " competition Saturday at the International Consumer Electronics Show . The box narrowly beat out Plastic Logic 's Que e-reader and the Intel Reader , a device that scans printed text and reads it aloud , in the annual product-demonstration contest , which is decided by audience applause . The Boxee Box plugs into your TV and allows you to search and store Web content , play it on your television and and share it with your friends on social networks via a keyboard in the device 's remote control . The device is scheduled to go on sale this spring and cost about $ 200 . "  It 's truly a game-changer , " said Boxee marketing vice president Andrew Kippen , who presented the device . "  We 're really bringing the creativity of the Web onto your TV screen . " The ninth annual "  Last Gadget Standing " event pits 10 new products against each other in a lighthearted , "  American Idol " - like competition for tech gear . Past winners have included the OnStar vehicle security system , the Roomba robotic vacuum and Eye-Fi wireless memory cards for cameras . The 10 finalists , all on display at CES , were chosen beforehand by a panel of judges . Company reps were given four minutes to demonstrate their products before a standing-room-only crowd . The freewheeling demos included a Dr. Evil character from the "  Austin Powers " movies plugging a pocket projector and a "  Star Wars " - inspired skit in which a Jedi knight battled Darth Vader over a smartphone . Tech geeks who could n't attend the contest in person were encouraged to vote online . The online winner was the SHOW WX Pico Projector , a portable projector that 's the size of a cell phone and can display a Power-Point presentation anywhere . The other finalists : Motorola Droid , the new multitasking smartphone that runs on Google 's Android system . Que proReader , Plastic Logic 's forthcoming touchscreen e-reader that delivers newspapers and magazines wirelessly . Haier Ibiza Trainer , a Web-enabled workout gizmo that clips on your belt and combines an MP3 player , pedometer , heart rate monitor , stopwatch and calorie counter . Neato Vacuum Cleaner , a robotic vacuum with a square jaw for getting into corners and a mapping system that prevents it from wandering aimlessly . Acer Aspire 3D notebook , which combines portable computing power with a 3D display . Intel Reader , a handheld device that scans text , converts text to voice and reads it aloud -- a potential aid to the dyslexic or vision-impaired Sony Dash Personal Internet Viewer , a small , Web-enabled device that seeks to replace the bedside alarm clock by offering news , weather , video , Internet radio and other services . Nvidia Ultra Android Tablet , which packs a gaming PC and a multimedia player into the body of a portable tablet less than an inch thick .	Boxee Box plugs into your TV and allows you to search and store Web content "  Last Gadget Standing " pits 10 products against each other in "  American Idol " - like competition Boxee beat out Plastic Logic Que e-reader , Intel Reader and seven other finalists SHOW WX Pico Projector , a portable projector the size of a cell phone , wins online contest
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- An Indonesian air force jet crashed into a residential area of Jakarta on Thursday , killing at least nine people , officials and local media said . Six of the dead were crew members and a surviving copilot was in intensive care . Another three people died on the ground , an air force spokesman said . The jet slammed into houses . Local media reported that eight homes were damaged .	Six of the dead are crew members , an air force spokesman says The jet crashed into a residential area of Jakarta
New York  CNN  -- Six picture frames hang inside a firehouse in Manhattan , each displaying a photograph of a man who died in the aftermath of the worst terrorist attack in U.S. history . "  We always say never forget , " said one firefighter from New York 's Engine 23 . The grizzled middle-aged man , who did not want to share his name , said President Barack Obama 's visit to New York was an acknowledgement of "  what we 're going through . " After nearly a decade of war prompted by the horrific events of September 11 , 2001 , the president traveled to Manhattan Thursday to meet with 9/11 survivors and lay a wreath at ground zero , four days after the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . "  I wanted to just come up here to thank you , " Obama said in prepared remarks , after eating lunch with firefighters and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani . "  This is a symbolic site of the extraordinary sacrifice that was made on that terrible day almost 10 years ago . " The president visited with members of Fire Engine 54 , Battalion Nine , which lost 15 men after hijackers flew two fully-fueled commercial airliners into the World Trade Center 's twin towers . "  Obviously we ca n't bring back your friends that were lost , " the president said . "  I know that each and every one of you not only grieve for them , but have also over the last 10 years dealt with their family . " The men of Engine 54 left behind 28 children . Meetings with firefighters were private exchanges , White House officials said , during which the president sought to mark a clear end to a near decade-long hunt for the Qaeda leader . "  It was a wonderful gesture , based on the news that we got of Osama bin Laden 's death , " New York Fire Chief Edward Kilduff told reporters . "  For him to come here to see the faces of those killed in 9/11 , " Kilduff said , referring to photographs that hung inside the firehouse of the men who died , "  I think it really meant something to him . " In a pre-dawn raid in Pakistan Monday , a U.S. Navy SEAL team fired two bullets that killed bin Laden , the al Qaeda leader behind the attacks in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania , which left nearly 3,000 people dead . "  When those guys took those extraordinary risks going into Pakistan ... they were doing it in the name of your brothers that were lost , " the president told the firefighters . White House press secretary Jay Carney said Thursday 's visit to ground zero -- the former site of the World Trade Center -- was intended to "  help New Yorkers and Americans everywhere achieve a sense of closure . " It included a moment of silence and a wreath-laying ceremony at the foot of the Survivor Tree , badly damaged during the attacks and replanted after it was discovered beneath piles of smoldering rubble . The solemn ceremony evoked memories of previous presidents reaching out to the American public at emotional times -- Ronald Reagan after the space shuttle Challenger disaster in 1986 , Bill Clinton after the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 , and George W. Bush at the same spot in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks . "  He is trying to bring the country together . He is trying to rally spirits and show that when we do come together , we can do anything , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , adding that Obama was "  doing this with a quiet dignity " that "  fits well with him " and "  fits well with the moment . " In addition to Giuliani , the president was accompanied by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , and Port Authority Chairman David Samson . Gergen noted that the presence of Giuliani helped "  bring it back full circle , because he became the face of 9/11 of a defiant America , of an America that was courageous in the face of adversity . " In a separate moment Thursday , Obama walked over and hugged Payton Wall , a 14-year-old girl who wrote the president a letter explaining how she was handling the loss of her father , Glen James , who was killed in the attacks . Behind the president 's security detail -- a small army of secret service members clad in dark suits and sunglasses -- camera-wielding tourists and news crews snapped images of the motorcade as it rumbled through Manhattan , and later of Obama 's meeting with the friends and family members of those killed during the attacks . Onlookers meanwhile posed for photographs with firefighters in what appeared to be a day of mixed emotions -- satisfaction at bin Laden 's death , but renewed grief for what was lost on 9/11 . Across the city , New Yorkers and visitors thought of where they were on that fateful Tuesday in September . Others more quietly remembered friends and family who died . "  My husband 's here in spirit , " said Monica Iken , whose husband , Michael Patrick , was a bond trader who worked in the World Trade Center . "  We 'll never forget what happened here . " "  I 'm proud today , " she said . Former President George W. Bush , who was in office at the time of the 9/11 attacks , did not appear alongside his successor during Thursday 's visit to New York . A spokesman for Bush said he turned down an invitation to attend , citing his desire to remain out of the public spotlight . The image of the former president beside firefighters at ground zero once became an emblem of America 's resolve in the war on terror , a term the Obama administration has since tried to distance itself from . Meanwhile , Obama 's visit to the hallowed site nearly 10 years later left many New Yorkers eager to witness the closing chapter of a man once considered the world 's most wanted terrorist .	NEW : Obama follows tradition of other presidents with a personal appearance Obama met a 14-year-old girl who wrote him a letter about the loss of her father President Barack Obama went to New York to meet with 9/11 survivors The trip comes four days after a U.S. Navy SEAL team killed Osama bin Laden
CNN  -- Days after a senator and a police official raised security concerns , the Interior Department has reversed a National Parks Service plan to screen visitors only after they arrived by ferry at two of New York 's landmarks -- Ellis and Liberty islands . In a letter written to Mayor Michael Bloomberg , Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewel announced the change and requested that a security screening facility be built in Manhattan 's Battery Park so visitors will be screened before embarking for the historic islands . Jewell requested that the city immediately begin getting the permits to build a temporary security screening facility in Manhattan before the July 4th opening weekend for Liberty Island , which is home to the Statue of Liberty . Both islands were hard hit by Superstorm Sandy in October and have been closed since then . Ellis Island will remain closed as it undergoes extensive repairs . A National Parks Service spokesman said in a statement that the agency remains committed to implementing a plan that does not compromise the safety of their visitors . "  Safety will continue to be our number one priority as we re-establish a temporary screening facility at Battery Park , " said park service spokesman John Warren . "  We are prepared to begin work immediately and appreciate the partnership with the City of New York that we will need to allow for a reopening of the Statue on July 4 . " Recent park service changes -- with visitors to be allowed on ferries and on the islands before security scrutiny -- were challenged by Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , and New York City Police Department Commissioner Ray Kelly . Criticizing the proposed security changes , Kelly told reporters last week , "  The NYPD and the National Park Service have differences when it comes to ideas on how to protect visitors from a terrorist attack . " "  It 's sort of ridiculous . It 's sort of saying we are going to screen people at airports after they get on the plane , " Schumer told reporters last week . "  They 've made a serious mistake here , and we are asking them to rethink it , to change it and simply go back to the old procedure . " In response to Jewell 's letter announcing the change , Schumer thanked the Interior Department for its quick decision in time for the July holiday weekend . "  This solution wisely avoids any trade-off between speed-of-opening and optimum security procedures , " said Schumer . "  The Statue of Liberty is vital to maintaining our pre-eminence as the tourist capital of America , and with these procedures in place , it can continue to safely draw people from around the world . " Since 9/11 , visitors have been screened at a lower Manhattan security checkpoint before boarding the daily ferries to the islands .	The National Park Service had planned to relocate screening to the islands Visitors would have been allowed on ferries and on the islands before security checks Senator : "  It 's sort of saying we are going to screen people ... after they get on the plane " Visitors will continue to be screened before boarding ferries
China will have a major leadership change soon when the current leaders , President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao , bow out . In the post-Mao era , Chinese leadership change and power transition have become institutionalized and more predictable . That 's until the somewhat unexpected Bo Xilai affair . Although the sacking of the Chongqing leader -- in the wake of a murder investigation that implicated him and his wife -- revealed the startling degree of widespread corruption and abuse of power among high-ranking leaders , it also exposed the intense struggle among various ideologies of China 's leaders and intellectual elites . This is somewhat unprecedented . After three decades of reforms , China 's social economic landscape has been transformed . Short-term and long-term problems and challenges abound . While addressing such problems as inflation , the asset bubble , corruption and increasingly daring expressions of public discontent , China 's leaders and intellectual elites are also searching for long-term legitimacy . The challenge has become more pressing , as Chinese society gets wealthier and more restless after three decades of rapid economic and social change . China is in urgent need of a soul , a set of dominant ideas , as the efficacy of the Chinese Communist Party 's official ideology -- emphasizing "  harmonious society " and "  scientific development " -- diminishes . Despite the Party 's calls to "  speak with one voice , " dissenting ideas and differences are being voiced and heard . Unlike the simple dichotomy of reformers and conservatives during the 1980s and early 1990s , today 's sets of views on China 's problems and its future have become more sophisticated and complex . The increasingly intense debate now appears to have three strands : the neoliberal reformers who seek to liberalize the economic and political arenas and reverse the recent expansion of the state ; the neo-Maoists who argue for strengthening the state and breaking what they see as a "  state capitalist " alliance between the rich and the powerful ; and the neo-Confucian traditionalists who bemoan the loss of a moral compass in a modernizing society and want to rekindle China 's soft power in the world . Dominating the debates and ideological clashes are the neoliberals and the neo-Maoists who occupy the leadership , while neo-Confucians , popular as they may be among some common folk and patriotic youths , have yet to find their strong advocates among top leaders . Why you ca n't expect easy answers with new leadership In a symbolic example of neo-Confucians ' inability to gain ground , a giant Confucius statue was removed last year some 100 days after it was unveiled in front of the newly reopened National Museum of China in Tiananmen Square . The statue 's appearance in such a prominent location caused an uproar among neoliberals , neo-Maoists and the intellectual elite . In the competition for dominant ideas , Confucius -- whose school of thought has been touted as a call for Pax Cina  "  Chinese peace "  -- lost in the gigantic square that is bookended by Mao 's iconic portrait and his mausoleum .  The statue now resides in the museum 's sculpture garden , ostensibly for esthetic reconsiderations . The implications of this ideological debate are enormous and will likely determine the future of China . The neo-liberals hold the free market and democracy to be universally applicable and deny the uniqueness of the Chinese experience . Their power base is Guangdong Province , where market reforms first served as a pilot test for the nation three decades ago . The provincial Party Secretary , Wang Yang , tipped for promotion to the Politburo Standing Committee , is widely regarded as a daring leader , willing to promote changes based on the market and open society principles . Pursuing the notion of "  fairness and justice , " officials like Wang have won the backing of Beijing for emphasizing opportunities for the weak and underprivileged . Unlike leaders like Bo Xilai who used iron-fisted measures when dealing with social discontent , Wang has a reputation for listening to netizens , including their criticisms of the government . It is not surprising that some of the most liberal news media are based in his province . On the other hand , Bo , who had been a contender for the Standing Committee until his downfall , had been known for advocating Maoist tactics , including mass rallies and anticrime campaigns to counter problems like organized crime and corruption . His programs provided neo-Maoists , who oppose "  westernization " and are critical of state-capitalist market reforms , with a rallying call for "  common wealth and equality " at a time China is facing a widening wealth gap . In a subtle rejection of the "  fairness and justice " advocated by neoliberals , the neo-Maoists see the state as a beneficial force and the market as an evil one . To them , China is unique and can not be remade into the West ; they reject the idea of a universal model of development . Bo 's "  Chongqing experiment " provided China 's neo-Maoists with a set of ideas that could compete against the neoliberals ' advocacy of the market and democracy . Charming and media savvy , Bo had populist appeal that garnered local support , but a seeming return to the "  redness " of the Maoist era caused a certain unease among Party officials , particularly liberal-bent elders . His downfall has put neo-Maoists on the retreat , but there are signs they are ready to become vocal , as the new leaders take over . Read about Bo being under criminal investigation Behind the façade of unity that the Party has emphasized is a struggle not just for leadership positions but of ideas . This struggle will affect major policy decision making , including political reforms . It is still too early to predict who will get into the top governing body of the Communist Party . But ideological orientation will surely be one of the considerations in the jockeying for power . As Hu 's 10-year term comes to an end , his cautious and above-the-fray approach to economic reforms and ideological debates may have come to an end as well . The question is , will any of these disparate sets of ideas be accepted by Hu 's expected successor as Party chief , Xi Jinping ? His ideological orientations remain unclear , and he may not have an easy time walking a middle path and continuing a mishmash "  mainstream " ideology by not choosing sides . How he and other key leaders take up stands in this struggle for ideological dominance will be immensely important for China and its direction in the next decade .	Despite Party 's calls to "  speak with one voice , " dissenting ideas , differences being voiced Lu : Dominating the debates are the neoliberals and neo-Maoists who occupy the leadership Neo-liberals see free market , democracy as universal ; Wang Yang represents them , Lu says Bo , tipped for Standing Committee until his fall , neo-Maoists touted "  common wealth "
CNN  -- When tragedies occur , such as the one at the Navy Yard in Washington this week , all Americans are deeply affected . They include the one in four American adults who experience mental health problems . That 's approximately 60 million Americans . Their first reaction is much like that of anyone else : feelings of anger and anguish and wanting to know when such events will ever stop . But there 's another , secondary impact to this community if a history of mental illness is suspected . Tragically , in the case with the Navy Yard gunman , mental illness appears to be a factor . But in too many cases , people simply assume that it is , no matter how much we caution that it 's best not to attempt to diagnose any medical condition speculatively through the news media . Unfortunately , stigma surrounds mental illness . It 's most associated with a violent stereotype . The result has always been fear , prejudice and discrimination toward anyone struggling with a mental health problem . The stereotype endures despite the fact that the U.S. surgeon general has found that the likelihood of violence from people with mental illness is low . In fact , "  the overall contribution of mental disorders to the total level of violence in society is exceptionally small . " Despite the impact of the Navy Yard tragedy and those of Newtown , Aurora and Virginia Tech on perceptions , a much greater , different reality exists . Many thousands of veterans experience post-traumatic stress disorder . Civilian employees of the military seek help for depression ; teachers live with anxiety disorders . Students succeed academically while managing bipolar disorder . People living with schizophrenia may be psychologists , professors , peer counselors or businesspersons . They are all members of their communities . Few are violent . In the face of violence , people may simply be unable to fathom how an event could occur other than through mental illness , thought of often in non-medical terms such as "  madness " or "  insanity . " Their perceptions also are conditioned by headlines that largely overshadow the greater reality . Stigma perpetuated by the Navy Yard tragedy will be internalized by many people living with mental health problems , causing them to stay silent and withdraw from others . This will impede their recovery in many ways . Stigma will remain a major barrier that keeps people reaching out for help when they need it . In the wake of such tragedies , some will call for persons with mental health problem to be "  screened out " by employers in the hiring process or to deny them security clearances . In the first case , the Americans with Disabilities Act provides some protection against discrimination , but it is not always followed or easily enforced . With top secret security clearances , just ask any member of the military or government official or contractor about the anxiety they often feel if they need to see a psychiatrist and then needing to disclose it as part of a security clearance application or review . Many issues need to be addressed in the case of the Navy Yard tragedy and the tragedies before it . They include what happened -- or did n't happen -- in the military and veterans mental health care systems , particularly when the gunman allegedly sought help from the Veterans Health Administration . Was there effective engagement ? The response of law enforcement should also be addressed . In theory , had the police both arrested and charged the gunman in past incidents involving a gun or disorderly conduct , he would have been put into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System database and prohibited from buying a gun , regardless of his mental health status . It is also possible that his case might have been handled by a mental health court , leading to supervision and treatment . Had Rhode Island police who responded to the gunman 's 911 call for help in August been trained for crisis intervention and worked with a mobile crisis unit to have him medically evaluated , then perhaps this past week 's horrors could have been averted . Those are issues that must be pursued . But in the haste to respond , let 's not stigmatize or discriminate against the millions of American who live productively with mental illness and who share the anguish and anger of other Americans in response to tragic horrors . If stigma wins , things wo n't get better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael J. Fitzpatrick .	Approximately 60 million American adults experience mental health problems The likelihood of violence with mental illness is "  exceptionally small , " surgeon general says Author : Stigma perpetuated by this tragedy will keep people from reaching out for help
It 's probably not the kind of thing voters will use to choose the leader of the free world . But the Web was taking no shortage of presidential potshots Wednesday over Republican candidate Mitt Romney 's new mobile app , which embarrassingly misspelled "  America . " Yes , Internet . Welcome to AMERCIA . "  Sorry about the shaking California , that was just the rest of America laughing at Mitt Romney running for Pres. of #Amercia , " wrote a person behind a parody President Obama account on Twitter  referencing a minor earthquake late Tuesday  . The gaffe , presumably by some poor developer hired by the campaign , appears on "  With Mitt , " the campaign 's newly released iPhone app . The app invites users to photograph themselves with their choice of 14 pro-Romney slogans such as "  I 'm a Mom For Mitt , " "  Obama Is n't Working " and "  The America We Love , " and then share them on social media . But one of the slogans reads , "  A Better Amercia . " Oops . Somebody did n't observe the "  I-before-C " rule . An update to the "  With Mitt " app , with the typo corrected , became available at about 1 p.m. on Wednesday . No one with the campaign was speaking on the record about it , but staffers were downplaying its importance in the run-up to November . By Wednesday afternoon , the campaign also had paid for a "  promoted tweet " that appears when a Twitter users searches for "  Amercia . " Slips of the tongue by political candidates are , of course , not uncommon . In 2008 , then-candidate Obama got grief for saying he 'd visited "  all 57 states . " And Vice President Joe Biden 's free-speaking nature has gotten him no shortage of headlines . But the Web 's politically minded  many of whom , presumably , do n't consider Romney their top choice  , were noting that when a mistake appears in writing , it shows a lack of attention to detail . "  If you 're applying for a job , and you misspell the name of the company you want to work for , you wo n't get that job . #Amercia , " wrote a Twitter user . " #Amercia " was a trending topic  meaning it 's one of the most discussed terms  on Twitter late Tuesday and again Wednesday morning . The typo has already also inspired its own Tumblr blog , "  Amercia Is With Mitt . " It features photos created with the app and , as of Wednesday morning , included a group of spelling bee champions , Beaker from "  The Muppet Show " and Rich Uncle Moneybags , the Monopoly mascot , among its subjects . And numerous images were popping up on Instagram -- one highlight being Bart Simpson having to write the correctly spelled "  America " during his iconic chalkboard gag from the intro to "  The Simpsons . " To be honest , the Romney camp is probably more pleased at winning enough delegates in the Texas primaries Tuesday to make him the unofficial GOP nominee than it is worried about a spelling gaffe . And it 's worth noting that lots of folks who support Romney probably only learned that the app exists because of talk about the typo .	Romney iPhone app goes viral with misspelled "  Amercia " The campaign app lets users take and share photos with pro-Romney slogans The typo has been the butt of jokes on social media UPDATE : Campaign issued an updated version of the app Wednesday that fixed problem
CNN  -- London 2012 Olympic organizers said Wednesday they oversold thousands of tickets for the synchronized swimming events at this summer 's Games . The committee said it discovered the error while comparing final seating configurations at Olympic and Paralympic venues against the millions of ticket orders placed . They found that four synchronized swimming sessions were oversold . Organizers last month contacted around 3,000 customers who had applied for tickets to the four sessions and told them of the error . "  We are exchanging their synchronized swimming tickets for tickets in other sports that they originally applied for , " a London 2012 spokesman said in a statement . It was not immediately clear whether the committee discovered oversold tickets in other events . The newly-built Aquatics Center , with its giant wave-like roof , is located at the Olympic Park and will play host to synchronized swimming and other water sports , including swimming and diving . The majority of spectators for those events will be seated in two temporary wings that will be taken down after the Games , the committee said . The London Olympics are scheduled to take place July 27 through August 12 . The Paralympics go from August 29 to September 9 .	The error affects four synchronized swimming events About 3,000 customers were told of the error The Olympics are scheduled to open July 27
In a gesture toward the romance of Valentine 's Day , Pope Francis on Friday gave his advice on how to have a happy marriage before thousands of young engaged couples . The unprecedented event , held under brilliant winter sunshine in a packed St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City , may reflect Francis ' desire to be closer to ordinary people 's lives . Three couples were able to put their own questions directly to the Pontiff before being blessed . His answers were shared with the 25,000 or so people from around the world spread out in the square before him . The first young couple to speak explained how they had decided to get married . "  We did n't want to give in to the easy way of not committing , " the man said . The couple asked the Pontiff to give them his advice on how to make a lasting marriage . Francis , himself committed to lifelong celibacy as a Catholic priest , said that many people are afraid these days to make "  definite decisions " and long-lasting choices -- but that it can be done . ` Do n't be afraid to marry ' "  Today , everything is changing rapidly and nothing lasts for long . This sort of mentality leads so many who are getting ready for marriage to say they will be together for as long as love lasts , " which can lead to divorce , he said . Love has to be built together , he said , not alone . "  To build such a thing means to help your love grow , " he said . "  Dear engaged people , you are getting ready to grow together , to build a home , to live together for good . Do not just base it on those feelings that come and go , but on the rock of true love that comes from God , " he said . Francis also took to Twitter to encourage those who are in love to take the plunge and tie the knot . "  Dear young people , do n't be afraid to marry . A faithful and fruitful marriage will bring you happiness , " he said on his official @Pontifex account . Do n't go to bed angry A second couple in St. Peter 's Square told Francis of how their love and commitment had changed their lives , before the woman asked for the Pope 's advice on how to live together day to day . "  Living together is an art . It 's a patient art , it 's a beautiful art , it 's fascinating , " Francis replied . He spoke of the need to communicate with respect and attention , "  to request politely so that you enter with courtesy into the life of the other . " That is n't easy , he said . Each half of the couple must learn to say thank you , and to apologize for his or her mistakes . "  We all know there is n't a perfect family , neither a perfect husband nor a perfect wife . Of course , we are not talking about the perfect mother-in-law , " he joked . "  Do not end any day without asking each other for forgiveness , having peace back in your house and your family , " he said . "  Never end a single day without being at peace with each other . This is the secret in order to preserve love . " The third couple 's question dealt with how to celebrate their marriage . Francis said the key thing was not to have a wild party , though the celebration is important , but to feel the presence of Jesus . The dress , flowers and food are important , but only if the couple are there in a true spirit of love , he said . St. Valentine was a third-century Roman priest who is widely believed to have been martyred on February 14 for his beliefs . He has since become the patron saint of love and engaged couples .	Pope Francis : "  Dear young people , do n't be afraid to marry " He takes Valentine 's Day questions from young couples about having a happy marriage Thousands of young engaged couples gather in St. Peter 's Square to hear him He says couples must build their love together and let it grow
LONDON , England  CNN  -- One year before the FIFA World Cup kicks off , 26 teams of gay and lesbian footballers are battling for global supremacy in the Gay Soccer World Championships . Players from the London Stonewall Lions hold the 2008 Gay World Soccer Championship trophy aloft Co-ordinated by the International Gay & Lesbian Football Association  IGLFA  , the tournament , which began on Sunday , is being hosted by the Federal Triangles club in Washington D.C. , and supported by the local Major League Soccer  MLS  side D.C. United . IGLFA spokesman Michael Pranikoff told CNN that the competition has been running annually since 1992 . "  We started very small . There were just a few clubs from around the world . But we have gone from strength to strength . Last year the tournament was in London and sanctioned by the Football Association . " Pranikoff said there are no professional players involved , but the standard of play is strong and the teams in the top divisions are very competitive . Although the tournament involves club sides -- rather than national teams , there is still a strong international feel with players from the U.S. , United Kingdom , Ireland , Canada , Germany , Australia , Denmark , Belgium , Sweden , Argentina , Italy , and Norway all taking part . The London Stonewall Lions are the reigning champions in the men 's division and expected to figure in Sunday 's final at Trinity Washington University , he said . Despite the competitive nature of the event , Pranikoff said there are also less serious divisions where there is a more important message . "  When you are on the pitch it 's all about the game . But it 's also about providing an environment where people can be free to be who they are . "  It 's a lot about camaraderie too . There are a lot of places in the world where gays and lesbians are n't accepted . " So , is the competition restricted to only gay and lesbian players ? Not at all , said Pranikoff . "  It 's very open , we do n't discriminate . " He said gay , lesbian , bi-sexual and heterosexual players were all welcome to play . Pranikoff said he is happy with how the 2009 event is unfolding , despite numbers being slightly down on what was expected -- due to the effects of the recession , swine flu and the upcoming Out Games in Denmark which has made attending the football tournament unaffordable for some teams . "  This year we did n't have as big a global turnout as we hoped for but there have been a lot of challenges -- so we 're pleased to have 26 teams here . " Outside of organizing the current world championships , the IGLFA has also been involved in helping other organizations at stamping out homophobia , Pranikoff said .	The Gay World Soccer Championships are being held in Washington D.C. Twenty-six teams with players from 12 different countries are competing Major League Soccer team D.C. United have supported the tournament
