Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Olympic and Paralympic runner Oscar Pistorius on Sunday canceled his appearance in five upcoming races , days after being charged with murder in the shooting death of his girlfriend in South Africa . The move is meant to help Pistorius focus on the legal proceedings and "  help and support all those involved as they try to come to terms with this very difficult and distressing situation , " said Peet Van Zyl of Pistorius ' management company , In Site Athlete Management . The Valentine 's Day shooting has stunned South Africa , where Pistorius is a national hero . Universal admiration for his sports achievements turned to shock , and with only scant details being made public , the questions are swirling . What transpired in Pistorius ' upscale Pretoria home ? What led to the killing of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , a platinum-haired model gearing up for her reality television debut ? And why on Valentine 's Day ? In a packed courtroom in Pretoria , the man nicknamed "  Blade Runner , " for his lightning-fast prosthetic legs , held his head in his hands and wept . His loud sobs shook his body uncontrollably . "  As you can imagine our entire family is devastated , we are in a state of total shock , " said his uncle , Arnold Pistorius , in a written statement . "  All of us saw at first hand how close she had become to Oscar during that time and how happy they were . " "  We have no doubt there is no substance to the allegation and that the State 's own case , including its own forensic evidence , strongly refutes any possibility of a premeditated murder or indeed any murder at all . " Pistorius , 26 , also rejected the murder allegation "  in the strongest terms , " his agent said in a statement . ` Medals are just medals ' But Saturday , two days after Steenkamp 's death , some South Africans remained puzzled over his alleged involvement . Despite the fact that he is innocent until proven guilty , some said the allegation has tainted his image . "  I was very shocked . A mother lost a daughter . I was not expecting anything like this from someone like him , " said Nondumiso Mlondo , who lives in Durban . "  Everybody is still talking about it . Just think of those young kids who want to be like him , who are looking up to him . After his Olympic success , we were hoping for something bigger for him this year ... look what has happened . " Citizens carried on heated discussions in buses , bars , barber shops . "  People are saying . . why do stars make a point of screwing up when they are doing so well ? " Mlondo asked . "  Medals are just medals ... I do n't care whether he has hundreds of them , he should be held accountable . " Opinion : Pistorius case and the plague of violence against women ` Life goes on ' But for others , the shock was ebbing . "  Life goes on , " said Rufaz Mavhure , who lives in Woodmead , a commercial suburb of Johannesburg . "  It was a shock to the nation when we first heard it ... but it has worn off , " he said . "  We have sobered up -- even though people will still question why . " The allegation was a major fall from grace for a man who made history last year by becoming the first double-amputee runner to compete in the able-bodied Olympic Games in London . Meanwhile , South Africa 's national broadcaster aired a reality TV show featuring Steenkamp discussing her exit from the taped program , on which she was a contestant . "  I 'm going home with sort of a sweet taste in my mouth . I do n't have any regrets . I do n't have any bitterness , " she said . "  I 'm going to miss you all so much and I love you very very much . " The decision to air the program took "  much deliberation , " and that "  this week 's episode will be dedicated to Reeva 's memory , " Executive producer Samantha Moon said . A fallen hero When Pistorius was 11 months old , his legs were amputated below the knees because he was missing the fibulae in his legs . He runs on special carbon fiber blades , hence the nickname . A few weeks after the Olympics , he smashed a record to win the men 's 400-meter in the 2012 Paralympic Games . Images of his sports feats flashed across the screens at the time . But by Thursday , it was a jarringly different story . Pictures of his walk to a police car , his head covered by a sweatshirt , flashed across television screens worldwide . Then there was his court appearance 24 hours later , grim-faced and sobbing uncontrollably . Prosecutors planned to upgrade the charge to premeditated murder . Nike 's bullet ad with Pistorius backfires A nation , jolted Steenkamp 's killing rattled South Africa , which is grappling with the aftermath of the recent murder of 17-year-old Anene Booyson -- a case that has put a spotlight on violence against women . Booyson died after she was gang-raped and mutilated in Bredasdorp , a tiny tourist town southeast of Capetown . While police have not discussed a possible motive for the 29-year-old model 's killing , local media reported that Pistorius had mistaken his girlfriend for an intruder . But South African authorities stressed that the scenario did not come from them , and said there was no evidence of forced entry at the home . Police found her in a pool of blood before dawn Thursday after neighbors in the gated community alerted them . Investigators found a 9mm pistol at the scene . Renewed calls for stricter gun laws South Africa has a high crime rate , and many homeowners keep weapons to ward off intruders . Groups renewed calls for stricter gun laws in the nation after this week 's killing . "  There are 1.5 million gun owners -- about 3.5 million guns in civilians hands , " said Alan Storey , chairman of Gun Free South Africa . Most of the victims of gun homicides in the nation of 50 million people are between the ages 20 and 30 , he said . South Africa has passed tough legislation that includes a requirement for a thorough background check for prospective gun owners . The check includes spouses and partners , and is repeated every few years , he said . "  People acquire guns believing they are more safe ... but they place themselves at greater risk , " Storey said . "  We 've made airplanes a gun-free zone . We need to bring that logic down to earth . " But the South African Gunowners ' Association , a popular gun lobby group , has said citizens have the right to protect themselves from increasingly violent crimes . "  There are already more than enough laws and regulations to control the possession of firearms by private citizens , " it says on its website . "  Fewer and less complex laws reasonably , yet properly , applied could achieve the required objective . " Postponed bail hearing Beyond the violence , South Africans struggled with the idea that they 've lost a hero , an athlete who defied incredible physical odds to become a global star . His face became a fixture on billboards across the nation , some of which started coming down after his arrest . The Pretoria court postponed Pistorius ' bail hearing to Tuesday and ordered him to remain in custody until then . Prosecutors said they will argue that he committed premeditated murder . Authorities said they will oppose bail , but did not provide their reasons for the decision . CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported from Pretoria and Faith Karimi from Atlanta .	NEW : Pistorius cancels his upcoming races "  We are in a state of total shock , " his uncle says Famed Olympian Oscar Pistorius rejects the murder allegation Some South Africans remain puzzled over his alleged involvement
CNN  -- Germany have become the first team to qualify for next year 's European Football Championships after thrashing Austria 6-2 in Gelsenkirchen . Mesut Ozil bagged a brace as the three-time European champions continued their 100 % percent record in the campaign . Miroslav Klose opened the scoring in the eighth minute , with Ozil doubling the advantage after 23 minutes . Lukas Podolski made it 3-0 five minutes later before Marko Arnautovic pulled one back for the visitors . Ozil all but sealed victory two minutes after the restart with Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze adding late goals to cap another impressive German display . "  We got caught out twice defensively , but I think we restricted the Austrians to just two chances and I prefer that we created so many chances , " German coach Joachim Low said after the game , AFP reported . "  It is our philosophy to constantly attack and we are working all the time to have a team in which we can interchange players . This is what you have to have if you want to be amongst the best in the world , " Low added , AFP reported . In the other Group A matches , Belgium 's chances of qualifying took a knock when they were held to a 1-1 draw by Azerbaijan - Rauf Aliyev 's 86th minute equalizer canceling out defender Timmy Simons penalty kick . Turkey consolidated second place in the group with a 2-1 home win against bottom-placed Kazakhstan . Robin Van Persie scored four as the Netherlands put San Marino to the sword with an 11-0 thrashing . Wesley Sneijder and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar both scored twice as the Dutch consolidated their lead at the top of Group E. San Marino have now conceded 44 goals in eight matches without managing a single goal themselves . Hungary are now level on points with Sweden after beating them 2-1 in Budapest . Both teams now have 15 points although Hungary have played a game more . In the other Group E match , Finland beat Moldova 4-1 in Helsinki . Two goals from Wayne Rooney and a first international goal for Gary Cahill helped England to a 3-0 win over Bulgaria in Sofia in Group G. Wales ' 2-1 victory over second-placed Montenegro in Cardiff also helped Fabio Capello 's men open up a three point gap at the top of the table . Russia are top of Group B after they beat Macedonia 1-0 -- Igor Semshov 's goal in the 41st minute separating the teams . The Republic of Ireland drew 0-0 with Slovakia in Dublin as both teams missed out on going top of the table . Armenia kept their slim hopes of qualification alive with a 3-0 win over Andorra . In Group C , Italy could only manage a 1-0 win away to the Faroe Islands but still extended their lead over Slovenia , who lost 2-1 at home to Estonia . Serbia boosted their chances of qualifying for next year 's championships with a 1-0 win over Northern Ireland in Belfast -- Marko Pantelic 's 67th minute goal lifting them to third in the table . Two early goals from Karim Benzema and Yann M'Vila set up a 2-1 victory for France against Albania in Group D . The win leaves them three points ahead of Bosnia and Herzegovina who leapfrogged Belarus on Friday after they defeated them 2-0 in Minsk . In the other Group D match , Romania kept in touch with the qualifying places with a 2-0 win over Luxembourg . In Group F , Greece are top after a 1-0 over Israel in Tel Aviv , while Croatia remain a point behind them after a 3-1 win over Malta . In the bottom half of the table , Latvia beat Georgia 1-0 in Tbilisi . Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Portugal stayed top of Group H on goal difference with a 4-0 away victory against Cyprus . Second-placed Norway also won . A penalty two minutes from time by Mohammed Abdellaoue saw them beat Iceland 1-0 in Oslo . There was only one match in Group I , Friday which ended goalless between Lithuania and Liechtenstein .	Germany thrash Austria 6-2 to book their place at next year 's finals Robin Van Persie scores four as Netherlands destroy San Marino 11-0 Wayne Rooney scores twice as England comfortably beat Bulgaria
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho , the self-anointed ` Special One ' , has been hailed as the man who convinced Mauricio Pochettino to make the move to the Premier League and take the reins at Southampton . Real Madrid manager Mourinho , who enjoyed a hugely successful time with Chelsea , gave Pochettino a few words of wisdom on life in the Premier League . The Argentine , who was appointed Friday following the removal of Nigel Adkins , has previously managed Espanyol in Spain and will take charge of his first game against Everton on Monday . ' I hate my social life , ' says Mourinho "  I am very passionate about the Premier League , " the 40-year-old told reporters . "  I have seen many games , the Premier League is an attractive league and I have spoken to people at length about it , people such as Jose Mourinho , who is a good friend of mine . "  He told me the best football in the world is being played here . How the league is structured there 's a lot of respect towards the other clubs and that has only convinced me to come here , aside from the project that Southampton have offered me , the chance to work in this league I am very happy about . " The move comes as something as a surprise given Southampton 's recent good form , which included a fine comeback to draw 2-2 at Chelsea in its last match . Adkins , 47 , arrived at the club when it was second bottom in the third tier before winning successive promotions to reach the Premier League . The club is currently 15th with a three-point lead over the teams in the relegation zone . Flying high : Mourinho mentors Cape Verde 's ` Special One ' Executive chairman Nicola Cortese has been criticized by supporters for the ousting of Adkins with fans taking to Twitter to register their disgust . But journalist Gordon Simpson , who covers the club for the Southampton Echo newspaper , says Cortese 's decision will ultimately be judged on results . "  The decision to sack Nigel Adkins has obviously come as a shock to many Saints fans , " Simpson told CNN . "  It is not a complete surprise , however . It has been rumoured for some time that the chairman , Nicola Cortese , has been considering a change and there has been a sense for a while at St Mary 's that Adkins has been living on borrowed time . "  Adkins is an enormously popular figure with the supporters here , and as you can imagine the news has been largely met with a degree of hostility and sadness . "  The timing is certainly strange , with the club having enjoyed a fine series of results and performances in recent months -- two defeats in 12 Premier League games tells its own story . "  Obviously , Cortese 's decision will ultimately be judged on results . If the club continues to move forward under new manager Mauricio Pochettino 's guidance then he will feel vindicated and supporters will quickly come to accept the change . "  But Saints ' season is delicately balanced right now , and if results start to regress then the anger and frustration emanating from much of the fan base will only heighten . " Bielsa Pochettino , who represented Espanyol and Paris Saint-Germain as a player , won 20 caps for Argentina at international level . Known for his readiness to use young players , he learnt his trade as a 16-year-old under the watchful eye of current Athletic Bilbao coach Marcelo Bielsa during their time together at Newell 's Old Boys in his native Argentina . While at Espanyol , he took a club struggling at the wrong end of La Liga before establishing them as a competitive mid-table team by using the products of an impressive youth system . Southampton has a good history of blooding young players with Gareth Bale , Theo Walcott and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain just a few to have progressed through the ranks in recent years . Youth According to David Cartlidge , Spanish football correspondent for Mirror Football , Pochettino 's work with the youth players at Espanyol produced excellent results . "  Mauricio Pochettino 's work with the youngsters at Espanyol was perhaps his most accomplished work while in Spain , " Cartlidge told CNN . "  He understood very well the financial rigours placed upon his club , and reacted by developing a close relationship between them and first team . "  During his four year spell , 23 players were promoted from the youth set-up , the youngest being Paul Quaye , at just 16 years old . "  Not only did he develop players for Espanyol 's own gains on the field , but off it too , as several were sold on for considerable profit . "  He would spend hours at Espanyol Sports Complex , going through videos and recording warm-ups to get insight on players . "  But he would also spend time with the young players , working with them just as he did with the first team , making them feel part of things . " Walcott Meanwhile , former Southampton star Walcott has signed a new long-term deal with Arsenal . The England international had been linked with a move away from the club , but has put pen to paper following lengthy negotiations . The 23-year-old told the club 's official website : "  I have made it clear from the start that I wanted to stay at Arsenal so I am pleased we have agreed a deal that everyone is happy with . What 's important now is for the team to realise its potential and win trophies . "	Mauricio Pochettino has been named as the new manager of Southampton Argentine replaces Nigel Adkins and will take charge of Monday 's game against Everton Pochettino revealed he spoke to Jose Mourinho about taking Premier League job Alex Ferguson and Rafa Benitez express shock at Adkins ' sacking
CNN  -- The search continued Tuesday for as many as 67 people missing after a boat carrying about 200 Haitians capsized , the U.S. Coast Guard said . The U.S. Coast Guard intercepted this crowded boat last week and repatriated its occupants to Haiti . The boat overturned Monday off Turks and Caicos , a British territory about 550 miles southeast of Miami , Florida . Searchers aboard boats and aircraft have rescued 118 passengers and found 15 bodies , said Petty Officer Jennifer Johnson , a Coast Guard spokeswoman , on Tuesday morning . The Coast Guard described the boat 's occupants as migrants from Haiti . The overcrowded vessel was believed to have set sail from the Haitian port of Cap Haitien , the Turks and Caicos Sun newspaper reported . The search resumed at dawn Tuesday after being suspended because of darkness Monday night , Johnson said . The Coast Guard is contributing one boat , the 210-foot cutter Valiant , and three aircraft to the search , Johnson said . The aircraft are a Falcon jet out of Miami , an HH-60 helicopter and a slow-flying C-130 cargo plane out of Clearwater , Florida . Watch Coast Guard rescue Haitians after boat capsizes " "  If the weather and conditions are right , -LSB- the C-130 -RSB- can fly really low , " Johnson said . "  It makes a fantastic search aircraft . " Turks and Caicos authorities are using small boats in the search , she said . About 70 people were plucked Monday from a reef near the island group , authorities said . Four other bodies were found , though it was unclear which authorities located them . A nurse at Myrtle Rigby Hospital in the Turks and Caicos said that about 70 people were brought there , including four who had died . Five people were admitted to the hospital , and the others had minor injuries , the nurse said . The Coast Guard said it intercepted another "  grossly overloaded " boat , with 124 Haitians aboard , late last week in the same region . Those migrants were returned to Cap Haitien on Monday . Overloaded vessels can quickly lose stability and capsize , sending migrants into the water , a Coast Guard release said . CNN 's Jim Kavanagh and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : 15 confirmed dead after boat capsizes ; as many as 67 missing Boat with about 200 Haitians capsized Monday near Turks and Caicos Islands Coast Guard intercepted another boat overloaded with Haitians late last week
CNN  -- Hero Vincent has a dream : to see the titans of Wall Street trade their palatial office suites for a row of dank prison cells . The crime ? Theft . Stealing billion-dollar , taxpayer-funded bailouts . Getting rich on your dime while you struggle to make ends meet . And if you 're tired of standing by while the rich get richer and the middle class crumbles , he has a suggestion : Take it to the streets . Vincent , 21 and unemployed , has suddenly become one of several unofficial spokesmen for Occupy Wall Street , a leaderless protest movement made largely of twenty-somethings upset with the state of the economy , the state of the war in Afghanistan , the state of the environment , and the state of America and the world in general . If that sounds vague , it 's meant to be . In less than three weeks , the movement has become a magnet for countless disaffected Americans . And at a time when an overwhelming majority of Americans say the country 's on the wrong track , there 's no shortage of new potential recruits . Photos : ` Occupy Wall Street ' protests On Saturday , more than 700 protesters were arrested for blocking the Brooklyn Bridge . A splinter group called Occupy Chicago touted a "  huge afternoon march . " In Boston , 34 groups -- unions and other organizations focused on everything from foreclosure prevention to climate change -- marched for "  an economy that works for all of us , " according to one website . Over on the West Coast , Occupy Los Angeles kicked off with a march to City Hall . In Seattle , demonstrators touted "  a leaderless resistance movement with people of many colors  and  genders . " On Monday , a live video feed from Occupy Wall Street was featured at the start of a three-day conference of progressive leaders in Washington . What does it all mean ? "  We 're here for different reasons , " said Vincent , whose father is also unemployed and recently went through a home foreclosure . "  But at the end of the day , it all boils down to one thing , and that 's accountability . We want accountability for the connection between Wall Street and the politicians . " "  Something has to change , " he told CNN . "  We 're out here because we 're tired of what 's been going on . " Giles Clarke , a 46-year-old freelance photographer and father of two , echoes Vincent 's call for greater accountability . "  People have simply had enough , " Clarke said . "  We 're living in an age where the inequality between high-end Wall Street and the  rest of us  is simply a gap that has become too big . Millions of people have lost their jobs . Millions of people have lost their homes . " There 's been , Clarke said , "  way too much cloak-and-dagger activity within the corridors of Wall Street " in recent years . "  This is about raising awareness and a change of political discourse . " The average person , according to Vincent , "  is just fed up because there 's no more middle class . The margin between us and the employers is so great now . Where will we be in a couple of years ? " Does he actually want to occupy Wall Street and shut it down ? "  We want to educate people , " Vincent said . But "  if Wall Street actually shuts down , we 'll be happy about it . " The movement "  feels like something that will ultimately spread like the Arab spring , " said Egberto Willies , a CNN iReporter in Washington . "  I call it the American autumn . " Occupy Wall Street and its offshoots have clear strains of liberal economic populism -- a powerful force in U.S. history during various times characterized by growing economic stress . That said , it could be a mistake to label or tie the movement to a specific agenda , said Susan Olzak , a Stanford University sociology professor . "  It 's difficult to classify a social protest movement early on in its history , " Olzak told CNN . "  Clearer goals could eventually emerge , but there 's no guarantee . " "  Many movements fizzle out . Others become more organized , " she said . But "  I think we run a risk  by  taking a snapshot at any one point in time , and trying to categorize the movement in any one way based on that snapshot . The only way to study these protest movements is to follow them over time . " If Vincent , Willies and Clarke have their way , there will be plenty of time for this movement to continue to grow and evolve . Some observers question if it could become a liberal counterweight to the conservative populism of the tea party . For his part , Clarke predicts the movement will go international in the next few months . "  Let 's get talking , " he urged . "  Let 's have some of these issues looked at . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Maggie Lake contributed to this report .	Occupy Wall Street is a protest movement covering a range of issues , with no clear leadership Many of the protesters are upset with growing wealth divide in the United States Nobody 's being held accountable , one protester complains It 's too soon to clearly label the movement , Stanford sociologist Susan Olzak says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Most musicians do n't like doing interviews at their homes . It 's much too private . Stevie Nicks , however , has no problem inviting journalists to her big colonial house in Pacific Palisades , half a mile above the California coastline . Fleetwood Mac is back on the road with Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham , shown performing in 2004 . "  It 's just easier , " she confides . Perhaps that 's true . But after three decades in the public eye , she really has nothing to hide . Fans know all about her fabled history with Fleetwood Mac -- in particular , her tumultuous relationship with the band 's prodigal guitarist , Lindsey Buckingham . Even hovering around age 60 , they are yin and yang . Buckingham is spirited and hot -- in sharp contrast to Nicks ' eternal cool . The tension that fueled such songs as "  The Chain , " "  Dreams " and "  Go Your Own Way " in the late '70s is still palpable -- and they seem to return to it instinctively , like muscle memory . But these days , there 's also a certain acceptance and understanding . Watch the pair talk about life , love and the band " Along with bandmates Mick Fleetwood and John McVie , Buckingham and Nicks are back on the road with Fleetwood Mac for their first tour in five years . It 's a celebration of their greatest hits , as well as 30 years together as a group . During our interview , Buckingham and Nicks reminisced about how their rocky relationship became immortalized in their music -- while Buckingham 's wife Kristen snapped photos six feet away . CNN : This is the first Fleetwood Mac tour in five years . Stevie Nicks : We do n't like comebacks . We do n't make comebacks . We 're not making a comeback . We never went away . Lindsey Buckingham : Every time we get together , it 's like a whole new group of people . CNN : Is Christine McVie still sitting this one out ?  The singer/keyboardist retired from Fleetwood Mac in 1998 . Nicks : Christine would rather be skinned alive and fed to the sharks . She does n't want to do it anymore . It 's kind of like when someone breaks up with you and you see that look on their face like , "  It 's really over ? " For Christine , it 's really over . She does n't want to fly . She never told us she used to get panic attacks , because she 's so brave . And if you do n't fly , that means the bus . So that was it for her . We can not replace Chris . CNN : Was n't there talk about Sheryl Crow filling in at one point ? Buckingham : It was considered . I think what happened was Sheryl kind of took it upon herself to announce that she was joining Fleetwood Mac , and nothing had ever really been decided . Nicks : I would like to say something in Sheryl 's defense . Sheryl had the chance . She and I are really good friends . When I told her how difficult Fleetwood Mac was -- it 's like being in the army -- once you sign up for Fleetwood Mac , you have no life , you have no opinion . And I said , "  So understand what you 're signing up for . " And she said , "  Are you trying to talk me out of this ? " And I said , "  No , I 'm just telling you the truth about what it is to be in this band , and honey , you 've got to really think about it . " And she called me back and said , "  I think you 're right . I think I 'm going to pass . " Buckingham : On a business level , or on a marketing level , it might have made sense to bring someone in . But when you contemplate going out there and doing some songs of Christine 's that we are going to do this time , to me , there was the potential of making it a bit loungey -- having someone come in and do her songs . I think we are better served to interpret them in new ways ourselves , and in a way that resonate -LSB- s -RSB- with our own history . CNN : People have always been fascinated by the dynamic between the members of Fleetwood Mac . You guys lived together , worked together , wrote songs about each other and dated each other . Buckingham : I think if the media  paparazzi  had existed in 1977 when we were going through break-ups within the band and still moving forward on a professional level , the tabloidism that exists today would have probably eaten us alive . Nicks : Let 's use Britney Spears as an example , poor little thing . In our day , I think that the audiences revered their rock stars -- and I say that with all respect -- that our audiences cared about us , and took care of us and would never have put us under that kind of danger . I would have been a very unpleasant star if people treated me the way people treat the kids that are out there now . If I had to feel that somebody was waiting for me every time I came out , I would never leave the house . I hardly leave the house , as it is ! CNN : In the '70s , you guys were going through your own troubles with drugs and alcohol . Now it seems as though that always makes the front page of the tabloids , especially with young Hollywood . Buckingham : At the time that we were doing that , that subculture existed sort of across the board , I think . Generally speaking , rock-and-roll bands were conducting their personal lives in a such a way that was a reflection of what they thought they had to do in order to be creative . That was sort of a holdover from the '60s in the sense that you needed to experiment -- and that was an illusion , obviously , because it eventually hit the wall , and we all had to re-evaluate the way we were behaving and conducting our lives . And you know , in that sense , we 're survivors . CNN : What do you think about , Stevie , when you are out there on stage and you hear "  Go Your Own Way ? " Does it bring back memories of what you were going through at the time -- because that song was about you , was n't it ? Nicks : I think . CNN : Lindsey ? Buckingham : Indeed , it was . Yeah , completely autobiographical . You know , the funny thing was I do n't think we were aware we were writing songs specifically to each other . It was really only when our audience picked up on it that it became obvious we were dealing with a completely transparent , autobiographical piece of work . Nicks : If Lindsey and I had been happy , happy , happy , there would have been no "  Go Your Own Way . " It would have just been , "  Here we are -- happy , happy . " And the audience would have been like , "  OK , well -- next couple . " So you know , we played off of it . We had fun with it . We could actually walk on stage and have our own little almost-love affair , and have the audience go , "  Oh my God ! They 're getting back together ! " And we 'd be like , "  They 're falling for it ! " You know , we would totally play it , and we did , and we do , and we always will . CNN : Why do you continue to do this ? Because you could just sit in your beautiful house in England , like Christine , and not have to worry about any of this . Buckingham : That 's a very interesting question . I think there are chapters yet to be written within this group . Look at Stevie and myself . We have known each other since we were in high school . Nicks : 16 and 17 . Buckingham : And it 's been a convoluted road , you know . It 's been a great road , and often painful for both of us . We have been extremely close , we have been alienated . It 's a road of contrast . But there are still things to be learned , and still things to be shared , and still a certain amount of growing up to do in the never-ending quest to become adults . CNN : You both recently completed solo projects . Lindsey , you have your solo album , "  Gift of Screws , " and Stevie , there 's an upcoming CD and DVD  "  The Soundstage Sessions " and "  Live in Chicago , " respectively  . Nicks : We 've been lucky . You do Fleetwood Mac , and then you work on your own stuff , and then you do Fleetwood Mac and then you work on your own stuff . As much as I love my solo work , I 'm a little bored with it , so I can put that away in its magical box and I can go straight into working with three of my favorite people in the whole world . Fleetwood Mac is bigger than anything Lindsey and I solo-wise will ever do . I never rented a 737 jet for my solo tour . So now we get to be grand , and at the end of the tour , it 's kisses for everybody and goodbye . Go do your own thing , and we 'll meet up again in two or three years .	Fleetwood Mac back on tour this year Group 's Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham say it 's not a "  comeback " Sheryl Crow was considered as fill-in , but decided against it Long career of Mac has been "  convoluted road , " says Buckingham
London  CNN  -- A British man charged with planning either a "  Mumbai-style " terror attack or an attack on a prominent person said in secret recordings that he had been to Syria and reveled in the idea of being labeled a terrorist , a court in London heard Thursday . Erol Incedal , 26 , is accused of preparing terrorist acts with the intention of committing terrorism , and of having documents on how to build a bomb . He denies the charges against him . Police first detained Incedal , a British citizen of Turkish descent , over a traffic violation in London in September 2013 . During a search of his car , they found a piece of paper with the address of a property tied to former British Prime Minister Tony Blair written on it . Police planted a secret listening device in Incedal 's E-Class Mercedes before releasing him . The recordings have been revealed this week at Incedal 's trial , which will be partially held in secret . While the judge has allowed some reporting of its opening phases , journalists and members of the public will be barred from observing other parts of the trial . The prosecution says the recordings from inside Incedal 's car give "  a flavor " of the law student 's frame of mind in the weeks before he was arrested again in October of last year and formally charged . In one clip , Incedal and his associate Mounir Rarmoul-Bouhadjar claim to have been in Syria . "  In Syria , the weather was ... , " Rarmoul-Bouhadjar says , before Incedal interjects with , "  Wallahi , it was like minus-20 degrees because we were on a mountain ! " "  Another word , ` terrorist . ' That 's a great word , Mounir . There 's never been a greater word than that to describe us , " Incedal tells Rarmoul-Bouhadjar in another clip . The jury also heard recordings of Incedal and Rarmoul-Bouhadjar purportedly using code words in a discussion about buying a gun . Incedal told his partner : "  Update me at every stage and just say ` yeah the sausage is nice , there 's enough sauce in it . ' " "  What 's the sausage ? " Rarmoul-Bouhadjar asks . Incedal replies : "  Bullets . If there 's not enough sauce in it , you 'll have to make that decision if we 're gon na take it or not . If it 's less than five , it 's not worth it . " In another clip , the pair appear to be discussing the quality of their potential purchase . "  It is only about a grand , so I do n't think it is going to be a great quality , " says Incedal . Rarmoul-Bouhadjar asks , "  It fires ? " Incedal replies : "  Mmm ... it 's not a replica . " In another recording , Rarmoul-Bouhadjar appears to suggest to Incedal that he should leave his wife . "  I think you should separate , " he tells Incedal . "  She has mentally become unstable . " "  Do you know what I 'm worried about now ? She knows some of our secrets , " Incedal replies . "  She do n't know much but she knows I was , like , in trouble . ... I 'm not saying it 's going to happen , but she might just chat s ** t. " Police finally decided to swoop in on October 13 , 2013 . Specialist firearms officers stopped the pair in east London and shot out the tires of Incedal 's car to prevent an escape . They arrested both men and seized several iPhones and other mobile phones from the car , according to prosecutors . Prosecutors say Incedal 's iPhone had a number of images on it , including an image of a YouTube page for a song called "  O Islamic State " and an image of a page of titles by Anwar al-Awlaki , the radical U.S.-born cleric who was killed by an American drone strike in late September 2011 in Yemen . Both men 's iPhones concealed an SD card between the phone and the phone 's protective case . Both SD cards contained three identical files , including a "  Car Bomb Recognition Guide " and a "  bomb making " Word document , parts of which were considered "  viable " but also incomplete , the court heard . Incedal and Rarmoul-Bouhadjar communicated via email and Skype , using code words and aliases to refer to the words "  Kalashnikov " and "  Mumbai-style , " the prosecution said . More than 160 people were killed in November 2008 when 10 Pakistani gunmen associated with the terror group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba stormed buildings in Mumbai , India . Rarmoul-Bouhadjar has already pleaded guilty to one count of possessing a document that could be used in a terror attack . Officers searching Incedal 's south London home also found a document on top of a wardrobe referring to a "  Plan A " that appeared to be a checklist for an operation involving "  three to four workers , " "  two tennis rackets , " "  one months ' surveillance , " and renting a flat nearby , Prosecutor Richard Whittam said . Incedal 's wife , Kadeejah Baluch , was home at the time with Incedal 's three children and another child . Police also searched a second address in west London that Incedal had failed to disclose to police at the time of his arrest . That search turned up a laptop with Incedal 's DNA all over it and several Nicolas Cage DVDs , among other things , the court heard . It is unclear when the alleged terror plots were to be carried out . But during an argument with his wife that was captured by the police listening device inside his car , Incedal says : "  I 'm never going to be around for very long anyway ... at least my last few months of life , I 'll live with peace of mind . " The trial continues at the Old Bailey Central Criminal Court . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	A British man charged with planning an attack said he had been to Syria , court hears Defendant Erol Incedal had documents on how to build a bomb , prosecution says Incedal denies two charges ; a second defendant has admitted to one charge Police say Incedal had the address of a property belonging to former UK PM Tony Blair
CNN  -- Park Ji-Sung will sign a new two-year contract with Manchester United , according to the English football champions ' manager Alex Ferguson . The midfielder , 30 , has one year remaining on his current deal , but Ferguson is confident the former South Korea star will commit his future to the club he joined from Dutch outfit PSV Eindhoven in 2005 . "  He 's been offered a new contract , yes , " Ferguson , 69 , told the Old Trafford team 's official web site . "  I 'm sure he 'll sign it . His career at United has been nothing but excellent . He 's a tremendous professional . I 'm sure he 'll accept a new offer and tie himself to the club for the next two years . " Park , who is in the U.S. on United 's preseason tour , scored in the Red Devils ' first two matches against New England Revolution and Seattle Sounders respectively . Since arriving in Manchester , Park has picked up four Premier League titles and helped United become champions of Europe in 2008 . He won 100 international caps for his country and became the first Asian player to score at three successive World Cups with a goal against Greece in June 2010 . Park , who began his career with Japanese club Kyoto Purple Sanga , announced his retirement from international football on January 31 .	Alex Ferguson is confident Park Ji-Sung will sign a contract extension at Manchester United South Korean midfielder has been at United since 2005 , joining from PSV Eindhoven Manager Ferguson says Park will agree to a new two-year deal at Old Trafford The 30-year-old became the first Asian player to score at three World Cups in 2010
CNN  Freddie Gray was arrested Baltimore police on the morning of April 12 without incident , according to police . Less than an hour after he was detained , officers transporting him called for a medic . He subsequently slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest . So what happened ? The events surrounding Gray 's encounter with police remain unclear . To shed light on what happened , police released a more detailed timeline of events on Monday , and officials speaking at a news conference elaborated on specifics of the events . "  We want to clear up some of the confusions that may exist , " Baltimore Deputy Police Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez said . "  We will be looking specifically at our actions from the point that we came into contact with Mr. Gray up until the time we requested medical assistance -- specifically , did we miss any warnings ? Should we have acted sooner ? Should we have acted in any different manner ? " This is what police say occurred : -- 8:39:12 a.m. , Sunday , April 12 At the corner of North Avenue and Mount Street in Baltimore , a police officer makes eye contact with two individuals , one of them Gray . Both individuals start running southbound as officers begin pursuing them . 8:39:52 a.m. . One unit  officer  says "  I got him " at 1700 Presbury Street , two blocks south of North and Mount . 8:40:12 a.m. . An officer says we 've got one and confirms the address of 1700 Presbury , where Gray gave up without the use of force , according to Rodriguez . One officer took out his stun gun but did not deploy it , he said . 8:42:52 a.m. Gray asks for an inhaler . Police request a "  wagon " to transport him . 8:46:02 a.m. . The van 's driver says he believes Gray is acting "  irate " in the back , according to Rodriguez 8:46:12 a.m. . At the corner of Mount Street and Baker Street , an officer asks the vehicle driver to stop so they can finish paperwork . At that point , Gray is placed in leg irons and put back in the wagon . Police interviewed several witnesses in the community with regard to that specific stop , Rodriguez said . The videos that were filmed by bystanders show events similar to what Rodriguez describes happens at this point . 8:54:02 a.m. . The wagon clears Mount Street and heads southbound towards central booking . 8:59:52 a.m. . The van 's driver asks for an additional unit to "  check on his prisoner -LSB- Gray -RSB- , " Rodriguez said . Another individual is arrested and a wagon is requested . Before the wagon leaves , there is "  some communication " with Gray , according to Rodriguez . They then travel to the police cepartment/s western district with Gray and the other suspect in the wagon . The two are separated by a metal barrier and the two had no physical contact . 9:24:32 a.m. . A medic is called . -- An autopsy on Gray 's body was done on Monday , according to Rodriguez He said there was no evidence that force was used against Gray , nor did any officers describe using any force against him . "  When Mr. Gray was placed inside that van , he was able to talk , he was upset , and when Mr. gray was taken out of that van he could not talk and he could not breath , " Rodriguez said . "  I know Mr. Gray suffered a very traumatic injury , but I do n't know if it happened prior to him getting into the van or while he was in the van . "	Freddie Gray died on Sunday after slipping into a coma He was arrested a week earlier under murky circumstances
London  CNN  -- A shipwreck laden with 200 tonnes of silver -- the largest haul of precious metal ever found at sea -- has been discovered in the North Atlantic . The wreck of the SS Gairsoppa , a British steamship sunk by a German U-Boat during World War II , was found 300 miles off the coast of Ireland by underwater archaeology and salvage experts Odyssey Marine Exploration . The U.S. company has explored the wreck which lies 4,700 meters down , on the sea bed , using a remotely operated submarine . It now hopes to bring the SS Gairsoppa 's valuable cargo of silver bullion to the surface . Odyssey 's senior project manager Andrew Craig said : "  We 've accomplished the first phase of this project - the location and identification of the target shipwreck . Now we 're hard at work planning for the recovery phase . " Craig said he was "  extremely confident " the company would be able to salvage the seven million ounces of silver  200 tonnes  , which was worth more than Â # 600,000 in 1941 . The 412ft steel-hulled SS Gairsoppa was built in 1919 for the British India Steam Navigation Company , and originally served as a cargo ship on routes to and from the Far East , East Africa and Australia . When the Second World War broke out , she was ordered into Britain 's merchant navy . In February 1941 , the SS Gairsoppa was traveling from Calcutta , India , to Liverpool , Britain , with a cargo of silver , tea and pig iron when she became separated from the rest of her convoy in bad weather . As the crew battled to bring the ship , which was running low on fuel , safely in to port at Galway in Ireland , she was struck by a torpedo from a German U-Boat . More than 30 of the 85 sailors on board the SS Gairsoppa are believed to have made it onto lifeboats , but only one , Second Officer Richard Ayres made it safely home , landing in Cornwall after drifting at sea for two weeks . Odyssey says it does not expect to find any human remains on the wreck . Neil Cunningham Dobson , Odyssey 's Principal Marine Archaeologist , said that -- as a former merchant mariner -- the story of the SS Gairsoppa had struck a chord with him . "  Even though records indicate that the lifeboats were launched before the ship sank , sadly most of her crew did not survive the long journey to shore , " he said . "  By finding this shipwreck , and telling the story of its loss , we pay tribute to the brave merchant sailors who lost their lives . " The company won a British government contract to search for and salvage the ship . Under the terms of the agreement , it will keep 80 % of the value of any silver recovered from the wreck .	SS Gairsoppa was sunk by a German U-Boat in February 1941 The ship was carrying a cargo of silver bullion , tea and pig iron Only one of the 85 people on board survived the sinking Wreck found 300 miles off the coast of Ireland , at a depth of 4,700 meters
CNN  -- Since the disappearance of Amelia Earhart , no aviation search has garnered more attention than the loss of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . The disappearance has become the mystery of the century . It is baffling both to the public and to aviation experts alike , myself included . First , let 's not forget to find compassion for the families and friends of the passengers on board this flight . Accident investigations are aimed at finding them an answer , at discovering the cause of such tragedies and at preventing them from ever happening again . Rather than delve into the numerous sabotage/terrorist theories , I 'd like to focus on mechanical malfunction . Considering all the facts , or the accepted assumption of facts , a malfunction that overwhelmed the crew may still be a viable explanation . This makes the most sense to me , as a 30-year airline veteran . Opinion : Flight 370 " s resting place is best clue Piecing together all the current information as of March 24 , I 'll describe a chronological scenario . The scenario is pure speculation on my part , and I have included commentary at various points . 0 . The captain utilizes a PC-based flight simulator and deletes some files . So what ? My take : This is a hobby . The captain is passionate about flying . Did he fly only the 777 in the simulator ? He could well have flown other types of aircraft in the simulator , for his own purposes . Regardless , he would n't require this device to execute a nefarious plot . An 18,000-hour captain already has all the resources , i.e. charts and manuals , including his own experience . 1 . The captain completes a cell phone call prior to takeoff . Judging by the distance from the main terminal to the runway , this cell phone call was most likely made after pushback from the gate at Kuala Lumpur . Yes , this was a violation of the sterile period  during which extraneous activity outside of aircraft operations should not occur  and not quite up to professional standards but not a big deal . Most likely , the captain made the call while the airplane had been safely stopped on a taxiway . It does not imply malicious intent . As of this writing , information has not been released regarding the details of the phone call . 2 . At 12:36 a.m. , Malaysia 370 contacts the Kuala Lumpur tower and receives a clearance to hold short of Runway 32R at the departure end , my translation from a non-verified transcript . 3 . At 12:40 a.m. , Malaysia 370 receives clearance to take off . 4 . At 12:42 a.m. , Malaysia 370 receives a clearance to climb to 18,000 feet and is directed to the IGARI waypoint , approximately 300 miles away , the entry point into Vietnam 's airspace . 5 . Although the transcript timeline seems abridged , having eliminated communication with other aircraft that had to be on the frequency , it appears that the co-pilot reported the altitude level at 35,000 feet on three occasions . Apparently , this repeated report has caused concern . My colleagues will agree that the most diplomatic method to remind an air-traffic controller that you had requested a higher altitude would be to state your current altitude . It 's a subtle hint in air-traffic control parlance . Maybe the original clearance was filed for a higher flight level than 35,000 feet . 6 . At 1:07 , ACARS  the Automatic Communication and Reporting System  gives what turns out to be its final report . Also at this time , it was alleged that an additional waypoint not on the original flight plan had been entered into the flight management computer . The implication is that someone in the cockpit had intent to veer off-course for nefarious purposes . I believe that if indeed a waypoint was entered -- and it seems difficult to verify with the ACARS no longer reporting -- it was entered as a means to identify an equal-time point . Such a point is a position on the route that indicates the flight is equal in time to two or more diversionary airports . It is a required dispatch calculation prior to departure but an optional entry on the flight management computer . 7 . At 1:19 , a Kuala Lumpur Center air-traffic controller instructs Malaysia 370 to contact Ho Chi Minh Center  Vietnam radar  on frequency 120.9 . The co-pilot responds with the now-famous "  All right , good night . " Although the correct response would have been to repeat the frequency , the co-pilot was informal . Not a big deal . Crews that have flown that route know that the frequency does n't change . It is printed on the en route chart . 8 . At 1:21 , the transponder ceases to send out its coded discrete signal that identifies the flight . Perhaps the beginning of a malfunction in the electronics and engineering compartment ? 9 . At 1:37 , the automatic ACARS transmission does not give its 30-minute report . Had the problem become a full-blown emergency ? 10 . An undocumented report that a Narita , Japan-bound flight is asked by Ho Chi Minh Center to attempt contact with Malaysia 370 . The Narita flight is approximately 30 minutes ahead but is unable to establish contact with Malaysia 370 . This attempted "  relay " would have been a typical procedure used by air-traffic control . Ho Chi Minh Center would have first attempted contact on the assigned frequency and then used the emergency frequency that all controllers and airlines monitor . There is cause for concern but no reason just yet to sound the alarm . 11 . At 2:15 , Malaysian military radar  disclosed one week after the disappearance  claims to have observed a primary target on the west side of the Malaysian peninsula , indicating that the flight flew a westerly course at some point after the last verbal transmission . In my view , the above timeline only includes what appears to be the most credible assertions . Subsequent to this timeline , reports of satellite "  pings " and engine data being transmitted indicate that the airplane may have remained airborne for an additional five to seven hours . Without verification and true understanding regarding the implications of these reports , it is difficult to speculate . Coming together : Flight 370 search unites global community In addition , raw data from another radar site indicated that the 777 may have climbed to an altitude above the airplane 's certified ceiling and then quickly descended and climbed again . And now the most recent assertion has the airplane descending to 12,000 feet . If in fact the airplane descended to 12,000 feet , its fuel consumption would have been almost double that at the higher altitudes . In that regard , how did the airplane fly so far south into the Indian Ocean , as has now been announced emphatically by the Malaysian Prime Minister ? Assuming the airplane did indeed continue to fly , here is a hypothetical scenario : A smoldering fire began to affect the components in the electronics and engineering compartment . The fire was insidious , producing smoke at a slowly increasing rate . As components began to fail , the crew followed appropriate checklists until it was determined that the primary concern was to land the airplane . The captain entered the waypoint identifier for a diversionary airport into the flight management computer . The autopilot turned the airplane toward the diversionary airport , a southwesterly direction . In the meantime , the crew attempted to control an airplane that may have been losing portions of its electronic flight control systems . Primary flight displays on the instrument panel may have begun to shut down , making it difficult to interpret airplane attitude and airspeed . The crew donned their oxygen masks with the integral goggles , but toxic fumes , low visibility etc. eventually overcame them when the oxygen bottled was depleted due to the pilots both breathing rapidly in a high-stress environment and the mask switch most likely being selected to 100 % at high pressure . A degraded autopilot continued to steer the airplane toward the diversion airport at an altitude selected by the crew . When the airplane reached the last waypoint -- the diversionary airport -- the flight management computer functioned as designed and kept the airplane on its last heading . Fuel exhaustion caused the engines to flame out one at a time . Operating on one engine for a brief period may have caused a turn due to the differential power that could n't be compensated by a degraded automatic system . When the autopilot could no longer maintain the airplane at the selected altitude , it disconnected . The airplane would have begun a slow , erratic descent . When the last engine shut down , the ram air turbine would have deployed , providing both limited hydraulic power and limited electric power . Eventually , the airplane would have descended and crashed into the ocean . A lot of focus has been on the fact that the crew did not communicate the problem . Maybe they did attempt to declare a "  mayday . " Had the primary radios been destroyed by fire ? Or more likely , the communication went unheard because the airspace where the malfunction occurred was just out of the range of normal VHF communications , in addition to being just outside Ho Chi Minh Center 's radar . It is all pure speculation until the airplane is located . I 'd like to keep an open mind . Regardless , perhaps I 've explained some of the unexplainable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Les Abend .	Pilot Les Abend : Evidence on Flight 370 is consistent with a mechanical concern He says the plane might have been flying on autopilot in its final hours All explanations are speculative until the plane 's components are found , Abend says
It 's an unimaginable horror . A 14-year-old girl with special needs allegedly was raped at school after a teacher 's aide persuaded her to act as bait to catch an accused sexual predator , a fellow student . "  It has essentially devastated her life , " attorney Eric Artrip -- who represents the girl and her father -- said of the alleged January 2010 incident . The Department of Justice and U.S. Department of Education filed an amicus brief Wednesday supporting her family 's federal lawsuit against the Madison County School Board in Alabama . An amicus brief is a legal argument offered to the court by someone who is not a party to the case . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit in Atlanta will decide whether to accept the argument . "  School administrators knew the student 's extensive history of sexual and violent misconduct and were alerted to the substantial risk he posed " to other students , according to the brief . About a week before the alleged rape , Sparkman Middle School vice principals Jeanne Dunaway and Teresa Terrell received a complaint that the boy had touched a female student inappropriately and was assigned in-school suspension , according to federal attorneys . A few days later , June Simpson , a teacher 's aide at the Huntsville-area school , told the principal , Ronnie Blair , that the boy had "  repeatedly tried to convince girls to have sex with him in the boys ' bathroom on the special needs students ' corridor " and had actually had sex with one student , according to the brief . The boy and his alleged sexual partner denied having sex in the bathroom , but Simpson recommended the boy be "  constantly monitored , " according to the brief . Blair said the boy could not be punished because he had not been "  caught in the act , " the brief reads . School policy requires allegations of student-on-student misconduct be substantiated . Trying to "  catch him in the act " On January 22 , 2010 , the boy approached a 14-year-old girl with special needs who had already declined his "  recent , repeated propositions " for sex , according to the brief . "  She was not physically or mentally handicapped , although she does qualify for special education classes , " Artrip told CNN . When the girl told Simpson , she encouraged the girl to "  meet  the boy  in the bathroom where teachers could be positioned to ` catch him in the act ' before anything happened , " according to the brief . The girl initially refused , but then agreed , according to Artrip . Simpson and the girl went to Dunaway 's office to explain the plan . Dunaway "  did not respond with any advice or directive , " according to the brief . "  If this was problematic for the administration it would have been better to express that on the front end instead of the back end , " said attorney McGriff Belser III , who represents Simpson . The girl left Dunaway 's office , found the boy in the hallway , and "  agreed to meet for sex , " according to the brief . "  Something went wrong , " said Artrip . Instead of meeting in the boys ' bathroom on the special needs students ' corridor , the boy told the girl to meet him in the sixth-grade boys ' bathroom , in another part of the school , according to the brief . "  No teachers were in the bathroom to intervene , " the brief reads . "  She stalled for time . She continually tried to fight him off but ultimately was anally raped by this young man , " Artrip told CNN . "  It was evident that this had been a severe trauma for her , " said Artrip . Police were called and the girl was taken to the National Children 's ' Advocacy Center in Huntsville , where a rape kit was taken , Artrip told CNN . Medical personnel found evidence of trauma "  consistent with  the girl  being sodomized . " The boy claimed he had only kissed her , according to the brief . Fraternity investigated over ` date rape ' drug allegations Attorneys : Boy had a long history of serious misconduct The girl was uncommunicative after the incident , Artrip said . The district attorney in Madison County investigated the incident , but with a victim who was unable or unwilling to talk about the incident , the office did n't think they had a good case , and did not pursue it . Even after viewing photographs of the girl 's injuries , vice principal Terrell "  testified that she did n't know whether  the girl  had consented to the assault , " according to the brief . The school listed the alleged rape as "  inappropriate touching a female in boys ' bathroom , " on the student 's computerized disciplinary report . He was suspended for five days and sent to an alternative school , but later returned to Sparkman after about 20 days , according to the brief . Vice principal Dunaway testified that the girl was responsible for herself once she entered the bathroom , according the brief . DoJ and DoE attorneys claim the boy had a long history of sexual and other misconduct in school and Sparkman Middle School administrators knew it . Several pages of the 126-page brief detail years of disciplinary problems . The boy had been involved in 15 violent or sex-related proven incidents of misconduct before the alleged rape , according to the brief . Federal attorneys say details about the severity of the incidents are unavailable because school administrators shredded the boy 's disciplinary files . The girl 's father filed the federal lawsuit in October 2010 against the boy , the three administrators , the teacher 's aide and the Madison County School Board . "  We felt ,  that  the teacher putting her into this position , because of the policy as interpreted by the school board and the principal , violated Title IX , " Artrip told CNN . Title IX is a federal law aimed at ending sexual discrimination in education . In part , it dictates how schools that receive federal funds must respond to claims of sexual harassment . In 2010 , a district court judge allowed the father 's claims of state violations , including negligence , against Simpson and Dunaway , while dropping the boy from the lawsuit because he was a minor . The judge tossed out the federal claims -- that the school district violated Title IX and that Simpson and school administrators deprived the girl of her civil rights . Both sides have appealed . Schools preach ` enthusiastic ' yes in sex consent education Fighting for a jury trial According to the rare amicus brief , written in part by an attorney with the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division , the school , in its capacity as a recipient of federal funds is "  liable for -LSB- its -RSB- deliberate indifference to known acts of peer sexual harassment . " On the same day the federal brief was submitted , the Women 's Law Project , joined by 32 national and local organizations , submitted a joint brief supporting the family 's lawsuit . Earlier this month , the National Women 's Law Center and Artrip submitted a joint brief to the Eleventh Circuit . Artrip told CNN his client deserves her day in court and a jury should weigh in on the Madison County District 's requirement of substantiation of allegations of student-on-student misconduct . "  We hope that the attention that this case is getting will spur a movement on these kinds of policies so that a girl can simply report sexual harassment without having a need to bring a witness with her or roll up her shirt and show bruises , " Artrip told CNN . The girl was withdrawn from Sparkman Middle School and underwent extensive counseling . She went to live with her mother in North Carolina , but her mother died soon after . Instead of moving back to Huntsville , she and her brother were placed with Child Protective Services in North Carolina , the attorney said . Geraldine Tibbs , the head of public relations for the Madison County Board of Education , said the board and school officials "  are confident that the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals will rule in favor of the Board and the administrators . " "  Our attorneys recommend that we not discuss ongoing litigation , " she said . Ronnie Blair and Teresa Terrell are still principal and vice principal at Sparkman Middle School . Jeanne Dunaway is now principal at Madison County Elementary School . June Simpson resigned shortly after the incident . "  My client has gone from being a teacher 's aide to being a scapegoat , " said Simpson 's attorney . When asked why his client thought it was a good idea to use a special needs teen as bait to catch a suspected attacker , Besler told CNN , "  I do n't personally think it is a good idea . The events of this case have shown us that it was not . " Clemson under fire for asking students about their sex lives	14-year-old girl with special needs allegedly was raped in Alabama school in 2010 Amicus brief : Teacher 's aide had girl meet accused sexual predator in a boys ' restroom Plan was to "  catch him in the act , " but it went awry and girl was raped , brief states Appeals court to decide whether to hear claims that officials violated girl 's civil rights
CNN  -- George Zimmerman , from his comments to police to the arguments of his lawyers , has steadfastly maintained he should n't be found guilty of murder in the death of Trayvon Martin , contending he shot the teen in self-defense . But jurors weighing his fate wo n't hear that from him directly . On Wednesday afternoon , Judge Debra Nelson asked Zimmerman if he 'd made a decision about taking the stand in his own defense . "  After consulting with counsel , " Zimmerman replied , he 'd decided "  not to testify , your honor . " Moments later -- and after Nelson refused a request from Zimmerman 's team to dismiss the case before the jury could weigh in -- the defense rested its case . That closed another chapter in a case that has transfixed much of the nation on issues such as race and gun violence and set the stage for closing arguments starting Thursday and a jury decision as soon as Friday . What exactly the jury will be deciding , though , is still in question . Zimmerman , 29 , is accused of second-degree murder in the February 26 , 2012 , death of Martin , a 17-year-old from Miami who was staying with his father in Zimmerman 's Sanford , Florida , neighborhood . He was shot dead after an altercation with Zimmerman that occurred as he was walking back from a nearby convenience store . Prosecutors asked the court Wednesday to let jurors consider two charges other than murder in relation to Martin 's death : manslaughter and aggravated assault . Zimmerman 's lawyers objected , saying it should be murder or nothing . Nelson , with Florida 's 18th Judicial Circuit responsible for overseeing cases out of Seminole County , is expected to decide that matter Thursday . Another point that will be addressed is whether Florida 's controversial "  Stand Your Ground " law -- which gives a person facing a "  presumption of fear of death or great bodily harm " extra protections should they respond with force instead of retreat -- can be applied by the jury . Zimmerman has never denied shooting Martin . But he 's contended that he had to do so to save his own life , portraying himself as the victim and Martin as the aggressor . But the late teen 's backers insisted the shooting could not be justified , with activists leading widely attended rallies and taking other steps urging authorities to press charges . Faulting Zimmerman for ignoring a 911 dispatcher 's direction not to follow the teen , they believe Zimmerman profiled Martin because he was black . Zimmerman trial : It 's about race Many of those arguments , on both sides , will likely play out during closing arguments . Those start Thursday afternoon , when Bernie de la Rionda makes the prosecution 's case for up to two hours . Defense lawyer Mark O'Mara will make his case , for up to three hours , on Friday morning , followed by a rebuttal of up to one hour from prosecutor John Guy . Then , later Friday , the case will be in the hands of the all-female jury . Lawyer wrestles with foam dummy The prosecution had once stated its intention to call up to three witnesses in the rebuttal phase of the trial . But for various reasons -- because the judge ruled they could n't pursue one line of questioning , amid uncertainty if one witness was unavailable and in the other case unexplained -- they did not . That means the last witness the jury will have heard from is Robert Zimmerman , George 's father . He testified -- like his wife , Gladys , had earlier in the trial -- that he believes it was his son who was screaming on the infamous 911 recording of the altercation that ended in Martin 's death . Contrast their testimony to that of Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , who said she was "  absolutely " certain that the panicked voice was that of her son Trayvon . The late teenager 's brother , Jahvaris Fulton , made a similar declaration in court . Defense attorneys argue Zimmerman shot Martin in self-defense after the Miami teenager charged him . Prosecutors argue Zimmerman followed Martin through his neighborhood and shot him without provocation . Besides Robert Zimmerman , others took the stand Wednesday as well in the defense team 's fourth day presenting their case . They included a "  use-of-force " expert and Olivia Bertalan , who spoke of being appreciative of her neighbor Zimmerman 's support after being the target of a home invasion . Still , the day 's star may have been a foam dummy . O'Mara grappled with the life-size model inside the courtroom , working to show rapt jurors the competing versions of what happened the rainy night Martin was killed . Assistant State Attorney John Guy brought out the dummy in an effort to demonstrate that it would have been difficult for Zimmerman to retrieve his handgun from his pocket with Martin straddling him , as defense attorneys have argued was the case . The fatal gunshot , Guy reminded defense witness Dennis Root , was fired at a 90-degree angle into Martin 's body . ` Raise your voice , not your hands , ' cops urge as Zimmerman verdict looms "  Would n't that be consistent with Travyon Martin getting off of George Zimmerman and George Zimmerman raising the gun and firing it ? " Guy asked Root , a use-of-force expert . "  It could be consistent with any kind of movement ... We were n't there so the info that we have is George Zimmerman 's statement , " he said . Later , defense attorney Mark O'Mara straddled the dummy himself , pounding the back of its head against the carpeted courtroom floor , demonstrating how he says Martin gave Zimmerman the head wounds seen in police photographs from the night of the shooting . He later asked Root -- a former police officer with extensive training in firearms and self-defense -- if it would have been possible for Zimmerman to reach around Martin 's body to get at a gun located near his hip . "  Yes , sir , " Root replied , minutes before Nelson called a lunch break . Earlier , Root testified the apparent fight between Zimmerman and Martin went on for a relatively long time -- some 40 seconds -- and was clearly marked by a high level of fear and anxiety . "  I have personally sat there and timed it myself , where it is about 40 seconds of time . That 's a very long time to be involved in any type of physical altercation , " Root said . "  We have a golden rule , " he told defense attorney Mark O'Mara . "  If you have not successfully completed the fight , if you have not won the fight in 30 seconds , change tactics , because the tactics you are using are not working . " In trial , it 's a jury of millions HLN 's Grace Wong , Graham Winch , Jonathan Anker and Anna Lanfreschi and CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	The defense rests their case after George Zimmerman declines to testify This comes after rapt jurors watch attorneys tussle with a dummy in the courtroom The judge will mull a request to include a manslaughter option The prosecution will close on Thursday ; the defense will do so Friday
CNN  -- Boys may become men , but they will always be their mothers ' sons . That 's the lesson two brothers , on opposite ends of the political spectrum , learned the hard way Tuesday when their mother called from North Carolina into C-SPAN to ask them both to -- please -- cool it before Christmas . "  Oh God , it 's Mom , " Dallas Woodhouse said as soon as he realized the woman calling the show was their mother . He dropped his head into his hands . Dallas Woodhouse and his brother , Brad , were on C-SPAN to discuss their documentary "  Woodhouse Divided , " which looks at divides in family and politics . Their mother was not pleased . "  I disagree that all families are like ours . I do n't know many families that are fighting at Thanksgiving , " said Joy Woodhouse , stealing the show . "  I 'm hoping you 'll have some of this out of your system when you come here for Christmas . " Like so many others this time of year , Joy Woodhouse just wants to have a happy holiday . "  I would really like a peaceful Christmas , " she said . "  And I love you both . " Brad Woodhouse is president of Americans United for Change , a progressive group . Dallas Woodhouse is president and founder of Carolina Rising , a conservative group .	Dallas and Brad Woodhouse are brothers on opposite ends of the politic spectrum "  I would really like a peaceful Christmas , " their mother says on C-SPAN
CNN  -- A leading anti-racism group has applauded UEFA 's decision to appeal against sanctions handed out to the Serbian Football Association for "  improper conduct " following allegations of racist chanting . The European governing body has confirmed it will appeal against all punishments following the under-21 qualifying game between Serbia and England in Krusevac on October 16 . While UEFA president Michel Platini had hinted at seeking tougher sanctions , the news of an appeal came following a statement in which "  the UEFA disciplinary inspector felt it necessary to immediately confirm his intention to appeal on UEFA 's behalf . " FARE -- a network of anti-discrimination and inclusion groups which tackles racism , xenophobia and homophobia across European football , says the latest developments are hugely encouraging "  UEFA 's decision to appeal is very welcome , " executive director Piara Powar told the English Press Association . "  We had been lobbying for it and like a lot of other people within UEFA felt this was the right thing to do . " Serbia was ordered to play one under-21 match behind closed doors was fined $ 105,000 . The team 's assistant coach Predrag Katic and fitness coach Andreja Milunovic were also banned from football for two years . In addition , four Serbia players were suspended with Goran Causic banned for four games , Ognjen Mudrinski and Filip Malbasic for three and Nikola Ninkovic for two . UEFA will also challenge the decision to hand England duo Steven Caulker and Tom Ince two and one-match bans . The pair were caught up in a brawl during the playoff game , which was sparked following allegations of racist abuse directed at England 's Danny Rose . UEFA 's Serbia fine heavily criticized Critics of UEFA have accused accusing the organization of failing to find a suitable punishment . During the 2012 European Championship finals , Denmark 's Nicklas Bendtner was fined $ 125,800 for exposing boxer shorts with the logo of an online betting company Earlier this year , Manchester City officials were infuriated after the club was fined $ 40,000 by UEFA for taking to the pitch late for a Europa League game -- which was $ 13,000 more than FC Porto 's sanction for fans ' racist abuse during a game against the English team . Powar added : "  UEFA now have an opportunity to send out a message and it takes a lot of honesty and self-reflection to admit that one arm of the organisation got it wrong . "  It 's a good lead for other national associations to follow if they issue a sanction that on reflection does n't get the right message across , such as the  English  FA in a certain case earlier this year . " Racism row shines light on Serbian football Tottenham 's Rose , who is currently on loan at Sunderland , was shown a red card after the final whistle for kicking the ball away in anger after complaining he had been subjected to monkey chants throughout the contest . "  As per the UEFA disciplinary regulations , the UEFA disciplinary inspector has the right to open disciplinary investigations and to lodge appeals against decisions taken by the control and disciplinary body , " read a statement on UEFA 's website . "  Having reviewed the motivated decisions for the sanctions imposed in this specific case , which have also been provided to all parties , the UEFA disciplinary inspector felt it necessary to immediately confirm his intention to appeal on UEFA 's behalf . "	UEFA has appealed against decision of its own disciplinary body Serbia was ordered to pay $ 105,000 after being found guilty of ` improper conduct ' "  UEFA 's decision to appeal is very welcome , " says Piara Powar , executive director of FARE
One doctor says the study "  very clearly shows that autism did not arrive through a vaccine . " A new study published in the January 2008 issue of Archives of General Psychiatry found the prevalence of autism cases in California children continued to rise after most vaccine manufacturers started to remove the mercury-based preservative thimerosal in 1999 , suggesting that the chemical was not a primary cause of the disorder . Researchers from the State Public Health Department found that the autism rates in children rose continuously during the study period from 1995 to 2007 . The preservative , thimerosal , has not been used in childhood vaccines since 2001 , except for some flu shots . The latest findings failed to convince some parents and advocacy groups , who have long blamed mercury , a neurotoxin , for the disorder . For years , parents have been concerned that a mercury-containing vaccine preservative may play a role in autism . But a study conducted in California found that autism rates increased even after thimerosal was removed from most vaccines . The study authors say this is evidence that thimerosal does not cause autism , although advocacy groups say it 's too soon to determine whether autism rates have been affected . Do these findings suggest that autism is n't linked to mercury in vaccines ? Dr. Sanjay Gupta , chief medical correspondent : Let me explain . In 1999 , manufacturers began removing thimerosal - which is a mercury-based preservative - from vaccines . Some people believed autism would decrease as a result , because they thought the two were connected . A new study in the Archives of General Psychiatry says this just did n't happen . Researchers looked at cases of autism in California after 1999 . They reasoned that if mercury exposure in vaccines was a major cause of autism , the number of affected kids should have dropped after thimerosal was removed . Just the opposite happened . From 2004 to 2007 , when exposure to thimerosal dropped significantly for 3 - to 5-year-olds , the autism rate continued to go up , from 3 per 1,000 children to 4 per 1,000 children in California . A child psychiatrist who supported the study said it "  very clearly shows that autism did not arrive through a vaccine . " But advocacy groups say it 's too soon to determine whether autism rates were affected by removing thimerosal from vaccines . The National Vaccine Information Center says the study does n't include children under the age of 3 , which they say is the only group that was never exposed to mercury in vaccines . It says thimerosal was n't completely off the shelves until 2002 or 2003 . Their main point is that mercury is a neurotoxin , so why take a chance by putting it in vaccines ? What do scientists think causes autism ? As many as one in every 166 children in this country is found to have autism , and doctors still do n't know why . Doctors point to genetics and environment as culprits , but it could be more complicated than that . The latest research shows these children are not necessarily born with autism but with the potential to develop it . What exactly are these outside factors ? It 's hard to pinpoint . What we eat , what we breathe , what we drink -- all these things could play a role . Some doctors say the increase is due to a change in the way the condition is diagnosed kids who were once labeled mentally retarded are now being labeled as autistic . What are possible signs of autism in your child ? Doctors are now looking for signs of autism in children as young as 18 to 24 months . Some red flags that indicate your child may have autism : no babbling or pointing by 12 months , no single words by 16 months , no brief phrases by 24 months , loss of language or social skills . If you see any of these signs , the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends seeing a pediatric neurologist , developmental pediatrician or child psychologist . What led companies to remove thimerosal from vaccines to begin with ? Several things pushed companies in this direction . Over the past decade , more and more attention was given to the health effects of mercury on humans . And then in the '90s , the CDC added new vaccines to the list of routine shots that children should get . Some of them used thimerosal as a preservative . This was happening while the government was trying to decrease our exposure to mercury . So the FDA began looking into the issue . In 1997 , Congress passed a bill that mandated review of products containing mercury , which led manufacturers to begin removing thimerosal from vaccines two years later .	Removal of thimerosal from most vaccines has n't reduced the number of autism cases diagnosed in the state of California .
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Jurors in the involuntary manslaughter trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor Tuesday heard dramatic opening statements and a startling recording of the pop singer , his words slow and slurred as he talks about his planned comeback concerts . Prosecutors portrayed Dr. Conrad Murray as motivated by money , while the defense contended Murray 's superstar client self-administered a fatal mix of drugs . Witnesses gave varying accounts of Jackson 's condition as he prepared for the shows in London . Murray abandoned "  all principles of medical care " in attending to Jackson , prosecutor David Walgren said in his opening statement . Defense attorney Ed Chernoff countered , saying Jackson 's death was "  tragic , but the evidence will not show that Dr. Murray did it . " Murray acquired massive quantities of the powerful surgical anesthetic propofol to help Jackson sleep , giving him a final dose of the drug after a long , restless night when the singer begged for help sleeping , according to recordings played by prosecutors . Murray gave in to Jackson 's demands not because it was the right medical decision , but because he was motivated by a $ 150,000 a month contract to serve as Jackson 's doctor , Walgren said . "  The evidence in this case will show that Michael Jackson trusted his life to the medical skills of Conrad Murray , unequivocally that that misplaced trust had far too high a price to pay , " Walgren said . "  That misplaced trust in the hands of Conrad Murray cost Michael Jackson his life . " Jackson fans create bizarre scene outside courthouse Jurors heard a May 10 , 2009 , recording , captured by Murray 's iPhone , of Jackson "  highly under the influences of unknown agents , " as he talked about his planned comeback concert , according to Walgren . "  We have to be phenomenal , " Jackson said in a low voice , his speech slurred . "  When people leave this show , when people leave my show , I want them to say , ` I 've never seen nothing like this in my life . Go . Go . I 've never seen nothing like this . Go . It 's amazing . He 's the greatest entertainer in the world . ' I 'm taking that money , a million children , children 's hospital , the biggest in the world , Michael Jackson 's Children 's Hospital . " The tape , prosecutors say , is evidence that Murray knew about Jackson 's health problems weeks before his death . Jurors also saw a video of the superstar rehearsing at the Staples Center in Los Angeles the night before he died . Jackson sang and danced to "  Earth Song , " the last song he would rehearse on stage . Prosecutors also presented a photo of Jackson 's lifeless body on a hospital gurney , about 12 hours later . If convicted of involuntary manslaughter , Murray , who wiped away tears during his lawyer 's opening statement , could spend four years in a California prison and lose his medical license . Chernoff blamed Jackson 's death on drugs that he said Murray had neither given to Jackson nor known about . Scientific evidence will show that , on the morning Jackson died , he swallowed a sedative without his doctor 's knowledge , "  enough to put six of you to sleep and he did this when Dr. Murray was not around , " Chernoff said . Jackson , desperate for sleep , then ingested a dose of propofol on his own , creating "  a perfect storm that killed him instantly , " Chernoff said . "  When Dr. Murray came into the room and found Michael Jackson , there was no CPR , no paramedic , no machine that was going to revive Michael Jackson , " he said . "  He died so rapidly , so instantly that he did n't have time to close his eyes , " Chernoff said . Chernoff told jurors that Murray was trying to wean Jackson off propofol when Jackson died . Jackson was addicted to Demerol , prescribed by another doctor , and his insomnia was at least in part related to that , according to Chernoff . Jackson 's inability to sleep on the morning he died was "  one of the insidious effects " of Demerol addiction withdrawal , Chernoff said . Since Murray did not know about the Demerol , he could not understand why Jackson was unable to fall asleep that morning , Chernoff said . Jackson told Murray a day before he died that he needed to fall asleep in order to be able to rehearse for upcoming concerts , Chernoff said . "  I have to sleep , I have to get some sleep . They will cancel my rehearsals . I will lose that performance , " Chernoff quoted Jackson as saying . Chernoff said Tuesday that he will challenge prosecution assertions that greed factored into Murray 's treatment of Jackson . "  If the prosecution is going to tell you he is greedy , callous and reckless , you need to hear the full story , " he told jurors , adding that Jackson was the only celebrity Murray had ever met . Jackson died June 25 , 2009 . "  Just make me sleep . It does n't matter what time I get up , " Murray quoted Jackson as telling him , according to a recording of a police interview played in court . He agreed to administer the drug and Jackson fell asleep . After he left to go to the bathroom , he discovered Jackson was no longer breathing . Walgren argued Murray was not a specialist with anesthetics and misused the drug , which he said can suppress proper function of the heart and lungs . "  It is not a sleep aid , it is not a sleep agent , " Walgren told jurors . "  It is a general anesthetic . " Between April 6 , 2009 , and the time of Michael Jackson 's death , Murray ordered enough propofol to give Jackson 1,937 milligrams a day , Walgren said . Murray told police he gave the entertainer doses of propofol virtually every night for two months , according to a recording played in court . Murray also used a cheap instrument to monitor oxygen levels in Jackson 's blood , Walgren said . The device was "  utterly useless " unless Murray constantly monitored it because it lacked an alarm that would go off if Jackson was not getting enough oxygen into his lungs , Walgren said . Murray "  repeatedly acted with gross negligence , repeatedly denied care , appropriate care , to his patient , Michael Jackson , and it was Dr. Murray 's repeated incompetent and unskilled acts that led to Michael Jackson 's death , " Walgren told jurors . Prosecutors contend that Murray used a makeshift intravenous drip to administer propofol , a practice they argue violated the standard of care and led to the pop star 's death . But Chernoff said Murray did not use a makeshift intravenous drip to administer the drug . Chernoff added that an expert on propofol will testify that Murray was not responsible for Jackson 's death . Murray never told emergency responders or emergency room doctors trying to save Jackson 's life that the musician had been dosed with the propofol , Walgren said . Producer Kenny Ortega , the first prosecution witness , said he was jolted by Michael Jackson 's appearance when the latter arrived at a rehearsal , on June 19 , less than a week before he died . "  He appeared lost and a little incoherent , " said Ortega . "  I did not feel he was well . " Ortega said he gave the pop singer food and wrapped him in a blanket to ward off chill . Jackson watched the rehearsal and did not participate . Ortega was helping Jackson prepare for the "  This Is It " world tour scheduled for London 's O2 Arena in autumn 2009 . In an e-mail written early June 20 , Ortega wrote , in part , to AEG president Randy Phillips , "  My concern is , now that we 've brought the Doctor in to the fold and have played the tough love , now or never card , is that the Artist may be unable to rise to the occasion due to real emotional stuff . He appeared quite week and fatigued this evening . He had a terrible case of the chills , was trembling , rambling and obsessing . Everything in me says he should be psychologically evaluated . If we have any chance at all to get him back in the light . It 's going to take a strong Therapist to  get  him through this as well as immediate physical nurturing . ... Tonight I was feeding him , wrapping him in blankets to warm his chills , massaging his feet to calm him and calling his doctor . "  I believe that he really wants this ... it would shatter him , break his heart if we pulled the plug , " Ortega wrote . "  He 's terribly frightened it 's all going to go away . He asked me repeatedly tonight if I was going to leave him . He was practically begging for my confidence . It broke my heart . He was like a lost boy . There still may be a chance he can rise to the occasion if get him the help he needs . " AEG was the concert promoter . Murray was unhappy that Jackson did not rehearse and told Ortega not to try to be the singer 's physician , Ortega testified , adding Jackson insisted the next day he was capable of doing the rehearsals . Jackson was a full rehearsal participant in the days before he died , the producer said . AEG executive Paul Gongaware testified that after the 50 London shows sold out instantly , there were still 250,000 buyers wanting tickets . Gongaware said he negotiated with Murray , at Jackson 's request , to work as the singer 's personal doctor . Murray initially asked for $ 5 million a year , explaining that he would have to close four clinics and lay off employees . Gongaware rejected that deal , but later offered him $ 150,000 a month , an amount recommended by Jackson . The physician agreed . Both Gongaware and Ortega testified that Jackson on many occasions appeared fully engaged and excited about the impending concerts . The trial has attracted widespread attention . On Tuesday , a woman rushed toward Murray as he was walking to the courtroom , but she was stopped by three deputies guarding him . The woman said she just wanted to talk to Murray . Jackson 's parents , brothers Tito , Jermaine and Randy , and sisters La Toya , Janet and Rebe filled a row in the courtroom for opening statements and the first witness Tuesday . Jackson 's three children are not expected to attend the trial or testify , according to a source close to their grandmother , Katherine Jackson . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Murray originally wanted $ 5 million a year , promoter says Jurors see video of Jackson in his last rehearsal Jackson 's death was "  tragic , but the evidence will not show that Dr. Murray did it , " lawyer says Conrad Murray "  abandoned all principles of medical care , " prosecutor says
CNN  -- Recent tragedies and negative publicity be damned , millions of vacationers still love cruise ships . In North America alone , the cruise industry projection for 2013 is 17.6 million passengers , up from 17.2 million last year , according to Cruise Lines International Association . Globally , the number is more than 20 million . For would-be cruisers who just ca n't deal with choice overload , U.S. News and World Report has ranked the best cruise lines and ships according to traveler type . More : 7 super extravagant U.S. cruises The magazine calls Celebrity Cruises ' "  Reflection " the world 's "  Best Affordable Cruise , " and says the recent publicity hits across the industry have translated into bargain prices for passengers . Crystal Cruises ' "  Symphony " is the top pick for "  Best Luxury Cruise . " "  The Crystal Symphony 's calling card is n't only its delectable cuisine or its stylish staterooms , " says the report . "  Seafarers opt for this vessel year after year for its superior service and stimulating onboard entertainment . " The magazine based its rankings on traveler ratings from data collected in collaboration with Cruiseline.com , opinions from travel experts and official safety evaluations . The top cruises by category are summarized below . See the comprehensive rankings here . Best Cruise Lines Best Cruise Line for the Money : Royal Caribbean International Best Cruise Line for Families : Disney Cruise Line Best Cruise Line for Romance : Crystal Cruises Best Cruise Line in the Caribbean : Disney Cruise Line Best Luxury Cruise Line : Crystal Cruises Best Cruise Ships Best Affordable Cruise : Celebrity "  Reflection Best Luxury Cruise : Celebrity "  Symphony " Best Cruise for Couples : Crystal "  Symphony " Best Cruise for Families : "  Disney Dream " Best Cruise for Groups : Silversea "  Silver Shadow " Best Cruise for Singles : Silversea "  Silver Spirit " Best Cruises by Region Alaska : Silversea "  Silver Shadow " Caribbean : Crystal "  Symphony " Europe : Crystal "  Symphony " Mediterranean : Silversea "  Silver Spirit " Mexico : Holland America "  ms Statendam " Pacific : Crystal "  Symphony " More : 74 days on a felucca : New adventure on the Nile 5 reasons to go barge cruising in France	Bargain prices mean now is best time to take a cruise vacation , says U.S. News & World Report Crystal Cruise 's "  Symphony " takes top spot for best luxury cruise ship rankings Singles should book Silversea 's "  Silver Spirit "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea on Monday reprimanded five senior military officials after admitting that a North Korean soldier had managed to cross the heavily patrolled border between the two countries undetected and knock on the door of his enemy 's barracks . Revelations about the ease with which the North Korean soldier reached the South Korean side of the border , considered to be the most heavily militarized in the world , have prompted criticism of the nation 's military . Read more : S. Korea fires warning shots at N. Korean fishing boats The soldier , whose name and rank were not disclosed , jumped three barbed-wire fences along the eastern part of the border without being spotted on October 2 , according to the South Korean Defense Ministry . He was picked up by South Korean soldiers in the province of Kangwon only after he knocked on a barracks door , wishing to defect , the ministry said . He had escaped from his unit and traveled about 50 kilometers  31 miles  through North Korean territory to get to the border zone . South Korean Defense Minister Kim Kwan-jin made a public apology in a live broadcast on national television Monday , calling the incident "  a clear failure in security operations . " "  As the defense minister , I express sincere apology for causing concern to our people , " he said . Read more : N. Korea taunts S. Korean candidate with ` Gangnam Style ' - inspired video Kim said a lieutenant general , two major generals and two brigadier generals were facing disciplinary action . He also pledged to enhance security measures and increase the number of soldiers around the border area . The security breach was deemed "  lamentable " in an editorial last week by The Korea Times , an English-language newspaper . "  What if the defector were an agent armed with guns and grenades who sneaked into the barracks on orders from the North ? " the editorial asked . It also criticized the initially misleading information about the situation from defense officials . The South Korean military had announced a subsequent defection across the border on October 6 , in which a North Korean solider on guard duty at the border told authorities in the South that he had killed his superiors before fleeing across the Military Demarcation Line . North Korean soldier shoots comrades before defecting to South At the time , defense officials said it was the first defection over land since March 2010 . But news of the controversial October 2 defection and another in September later emerged after a South Korean lawmaker , Kim Kwang-jin from the main opposition Democratic United Party , questioned officials from the Joint Chiefs of Staff in a parliamentary hearing last week . In a statement , he criticized the "  lies and deception from the military . " According to the lawmaker , at least 10 divisions from the South Korean army and two Marine Corps divisions are guarding the roughly 250-kilometer-long border area . Defections over land through the heavily armed and patrolled border area are rare , as most prefer to try crossing by sea or going through China . More than 24,000 refugees have entered the South from the North since the country 's division , according to the Ministry of Unification in Seoul .	The North Korea-South Korea border is considered the most heavily militarized in the world This month , a North Korean soldier crossed it undetected He is one of three defectors in the past two months , a lawmaker says The South Korean defense minister apologizes for the security failure
CNN  -- The fate of famed aviator Amelia Earhart remains a mystery after DNA tests on one of three bone fragments discovered on a Pacific island proved inconclusive . Cecil M. Lewis Jr. of the University of Oklahoma 's Molecular Anthropology Laboratories reported "  the question of whether the bone is human must remain unanswered " until new technologies may make a determination possible . The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery  TIGHAR  asked Lewis to test the bones found in 2010 on Nikumaroro , formerly Gardner Island . The bone tested by Lewis may be from Earhart 's finger , the group says . Earhart disappeared near the island in 1937 while flying around the world with navigator Fred Noonan . She was later declared dead . "  You learn patience , " TIGHAR executive director Ric Gillespie said Wednesday night about the findings . "  The door is still open for it to be a human finger bone . " According to Gillespie , a British officer found 13 bones , including a skull , of a likely castaway on the island in 1940 and sent them to Fiji . The officer also reported finding the remains of a woman 's shoe and a man 's shoe . A doctor in Fiji determined the bones were of a human male , but the remains disappeared . TIGHAR , using notes from the doctor , asked two forensic anthropologists to examine the report on the bones . They concluded they were of a female with northern European origin , Gillespie said . Researchers and the public have long speculated on Earhart 's fate . One theory has she and Noonan crash-landing on the island , only to die while awaiting rescue . The three bone fragments were found in the same area as the 13 bones , Gillespie said . The question is whether the bones were from a human or a turtle . But teams have found no evidence of turtle limbs , he said . Lewis , who will discuss his findings Thursday , said in his report posted on TIGHAR 's website that two procedures detected possible human mitochondrial DNA , but he was unable to repeat the result . "  We 're waiting for new technology to continue sampling without destroying much more bone , " Gillespie said . Any results would have to be independently verified . TIGHAR has DNA samples from a female relative of Earhart that could be tested with any bones definitively found to be human , Gillespie . Lewis also reported that possible fecal clumps found in the same area will continue to be tested . It 's possible definitive human DNA can be confirmed . Gillespie said his group has found many artifacts on Nikumaroro , including fish bones and a small "  ointment pot . " The only product we can find that was sold in this kind of jar was Dr. Berry 's Freckle Ointment  a cream for making freckles fade  , " Gillespie said . "  Earhart had freckles and is known to have considered them unattractive . "	Tests on bone fragment proves inconclusive Group is trying to learn fate of aviator Amelia Earhart She and navigator Fred Noonan disappeared in 1937 during flight around the world Some believe they crash landed on a Pacific island
CNN  -- Skiing superstar Lindsey Vonn led an historic sweep of a World Cup podium for the United States with a stunning comeback victory in the downhill at Lake Louise Saturday . Vonn has endured a miserable 22 months since sustaining career-threatening injuries in a high speed crash at the world championships in February 2013 , but returned to the top of the podium with a commanding performance in the Canadian Rockies . A promising eighth in Friday 's opening downhill at the resort , Vonn called on all her experience on the slope to record a time of one minute 50.48 seconds . It left her 0.49 seconds ahead of teammate Stacey Cook , with Julia Mancuso in third completing a triumphant race for the American team , the first time it has achieved such a feat at this level . It was the 12th World Cup downhill victory for Vonn , who was unable to defend her 2010 Olympic downhill title at the Sochi Games earlier this year because of her injuries . "  I am extremely happy to be on top of the podium again and also with my two teammates . It could n't be a better day , " she told the official FIS website . Vonn is nicknamed "  Lake Lindsey " because of her liking for racing at this venue , wrapping up her 15th victory there in all disciplines since her first win in 2004 . "  I think I am as much excited for the whole experience of the three of us being on the podium as I am for myself , " said the improving Cook . Stefan Abplanalp , who coaches the U.S. squad in the speed disciplines , said their hard work ahead of the season had paid off . "  I 'm very proud of the team . They really succeeded and achieved their goals . It was a pretty big day for the U.S. Ski Team , with a podium sweep , " he told CNN . Vonn 's boyfriend Tiger Woods , who has been battling fever and indifferent form on his comeback to golf after injury , summed up their respective fortunes on Twitter . "  I competed and Linds won , " he posted . Slovenia 's Tina Maze , who jointly claimed Vonn 's Olympic title with Switzerland 's Dominique Gisin in Sochi , had won Friday 's opener , but could only manage eighth in the second race . Gisin was back in 29th as she battles to return to her gold medal form . Vonn can also gain encouragement from her second place in the super-G competition Sunday which concluded the weekend 's racing at Lake Louise . She was edged out by Olympic bronze downhill medallist Lara Gut with World Cup overall points leader Maze in third to complete her fine weekend .	Lindsey Vonn wins World Cup downhill at Lake Louise First victory in nearly two years after serious injury problems Leads first-ever U.S. clean sweep in World Cup Vonn finishes second to Lara Gut in concluding super-G in Canada
CNN  -- Embattled Romanian President Traian Basescu declared victory late Sunday after low voter turnout appeared to doom a referendum on whether to remove him from office . The Central Electoral Bureau estimated turnout at 45.9 % , short of the majority of registered voters needed for the vote to be valid . Basescu had urged his supporters to boycott the polls , telling reporters , "  The best help today is to stay home . " After the polls closed at 11 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  , he said voters had rejected a "  coup " by Prime Minister Victor Ponta and the interim president , Crin Antonescu . Asked if he was certain about the figures , he told them , "  I 'm never wrong . " Election officials ' estimate was based on a survey of nearly 3,000 polling stations across the country , about 6 % of the precincts . They estimated their sampling error at about 3 percentage points . Exit polls from Romanian television stations indicated turnout was about 44 % late Sunday , and that the overwhelming majority of those voting favored Basescu 's impeachment . That led Ponta to say Basescu "  should strongly consider whether he is still legitimate or not in the office . " "  I believe that any politician that says he can ignore the voice of almost 9 million people is totally unrealistic , " Ponta said . Ponta 's Social Liberal Union  USL  disputed the turnout figures , saying it had estimated 9.2 million people had voted -- slightly over 50 % -- which would mean Basescu would be ousted . Final results are expected Monday . Basescu has been suspended since the USL-led parliament voted to impeach him in early July , saying he overstepped his authority by ordering wage and benefit cuts for public workers . Basescu said the measures were needed to meet the terms of a $ 24 billion loan from the International Monetary Fund for the cash-strapped country , but the move soured many Romanians on his leadership . Romanian president suspended Opponents also accuse Basescu of cronyism . He took office eight years ago and has already survived one effort to remove him , in 2007 . The latest crisis in the southeastern European nation -- slightly smaller than the U.S. state of Oregon -- has sent its currency , the leu , plummeting to record lows . Romanian president faces impeachment Two pro-Basescu governments have collapsed , paving the way for Ponta 's center-left USL to take office . Ponta succeeded in getting lawmakers to not only suspend Basescu , but to remove both speakers of parliament and replace them with allies . In voting Sunday , Ponta expressed anger that the prime minister of neighboring Hungary , Viktor Orban , had urged Romania 's ethnic Hungarian minority not to vote . "  I want Romanians to decide their own fate , " Ponta said . Ponta is dealing with his own controversy : He has been accused of plagiarizing his doctoral thesis . He has dismissed the accusation as a political attack from Basescu . Journalist Cosmin Stan contributed to this report .	NEW : Election officials estimate turnout at 46 % Basescu declares victory as exit polls indicate low turnout Prime minister says Basescu should consider stepping down despite result The embattled Romanian president had urged supporters to skip Sunday 's vote
CNN  -- The FBI said Monday night that a Tennessee mother and her 14-year-old daughter are dead , though the man they believe abducted them -- along with two other daughters -- remains at large . Authorities previously reported that they had found two bodies Friday at a Guntown , Mississippi , residence tied to the kidnapping suspect , Adam Mayes . But it was not until Monday that the Shelby County , Tennessee , medical examiner positively identified the pair as Jo Ann Bain , 31 , and her daughter Adrienne Bain , according to the FBI . Mayes is considered armed and dangerous , with authorities asking for the public 's help in tracking down him and the two other girls , 12-year-old Alexandria Bain and 8-year-old Kyliyah Bain , whom he also allegedly abducted . Authorities established contact with and tried to interview the 35-year-old Mayes soon after the mother and her three daughters were reported missing on April 27 by Jo Ann 's husband from Whiteville , a western Tennessee town of 4,600 people , but then he fled , Joel Siskovic , the spokesman for the FBI bureau in Memphis , Tennessee , told CNN affiliate WPTY . He was last seen May 1 in Guntown , the same northern Mississippi town where the bodies were found . Details have n't been released as to how or exactly when they died . The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation late last week issued an Amber Alert asking for the public 's help in finding the Bain sisters and for information leading to Mayes ' arrest . Aaron T. Ford , special agent in charge at the FBI 's Memphis bureau , told CNN on Sunday that investigators believe all the kidnapping victims "  were transported across state lines into Mississippi . " Local , state and federal law enforcement 's focus is now in Union County , Mississippi , where Guntown is located , the FBI agent said . Authorities have also pointed out , however , that Mayes has connections to Texas , North Carolina , South Carolina and Florida and could be en route to Arizona . Mayes may be using the alias of Christopher Zachery Wylde or Paco Rodrigass , his Facebook profile name , the FBI said Monday . Rick Foster , whose wife was a lifelong friend of Jo Ann Bain and whose daughter was a classmate of Adrienne Bain , recently told CNN that Mayes had been a friend of the Bain family for years . Mayes lived about 90 miles away in Mississippi , Foster said , but would stay with the Bains when he was in the Whiteville area . He described Mayes as "  a big kid in a grown man 's body . " Mary Patterson , Mayes ' landlord in Alpine , Mississippi , told WPTY that she thought he was a "  kind " and "  fun guy . " "  If somebody told me this , I would have never believed it , " she said . Authorities characterize Mayes as a white man who has blue eyes and brown hair , weighs about 175 pounds and stands 6-foot-3 . He recently cut his own hair and may have done the same to the three children , according to the Amber Alert . As for the Bains , Foster described the marriage between Jo Ann and her husband , Gary , as "  perfect " and said the family had planned to move to Arizona once the school year ends . The FBI and U.S. Marshals Service are offering a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to Mayes ' arrest and to the missing girls . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Jo Ann Bain and her daughter Adrienne were found dead in Mississippi , the FBI says They and 2 other daughters were reported missing April 27 in western Tennessee Authorities say their suspected kidnapper is considered armed and dangerous
Washington  CNN  Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan will not run for president in 2016 , he said in a statement on Monday , preferring instead to focus on policy work as chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee . "  After giving it a lot of thought , I 've decided not to run for president . Our work at the House Ways and Means Committee over the next few years will be crucial to moving America forward , and my job as chairman deserves undivided attention , " he said . Romney vs. Bush : The establishment match-up "  It 's clear our country needs a change in direction . And our party has a responsibility to offer a real alternative . So I 'm going to do what I can to lay out conservative solutions and to help our nominee lead us to victory , " Ryan added . Ryan , the GOP 's 2012 vice-presidential nominee , has long been seen as a top contender for the presidency . The nine-term congressman has made a national name for himself as a policy wonk on Capitol Hill , helping to draft and promote the GOP 's budget proposals as chairman of the House Budget Committee . Indeed , the Real Clear Politics average of national political polls of the potential 2016 Republican field found Ryan in third place , behind former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . A CNN/ORC poll conducted in mid-December , however , found him farther down in the pack , tying for sixth with Florida Sen. Marco Rubio . But even as he 's decided to say no to a presidential bid , Republicans have a chance for deja vu with his top-of-the-ticket running mate , former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney . Romney recently told donors that he 's considering a 2016 run for president , and has led a number of national polls of the potential field . But Ryan told NBC News that his decision came over the holidays , long before Romney appeared to be inching towards another bid . "  It is no secret that I have always thought Mitt would make a great president , " he said . "  As for his plans for 2016 , I do n't know what he is ultimately going to do and the last thing I want to do is get ahead of his own decision making process . " Ryan would n't offer his support for any potential GOP contender , however . "  I think we 've got a number of very capable candidates who have every ability to become president . There are a lot of talented people , " he told NBC in a phone interview . "  I think it is critical that our party puts forward bold , conservative ideas and give people a choice . I think we have a number of capable leaders who can do that . "	Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan will not run for president in 2016 , he said Monday Ryan said his work on the House Ways and Means Committee deserves his "  undivided attention " He praised former running mate Mitt Romney but would n't offer an endorsement
CNN  -- An estimated 600,000 Fijians took to the polls on Wednesday as the country held its first election since a military coup in 2006 . There are hopes the election will mark a genuine return to a democratic era for this South Pacific island nation , whose record of coups has seen it labeled a "  Bainimarama Republic , " after the name of its military leader , and whose turbulent domestic politics sits sharply at odds with the idyllic image that draws hundreds of thousands of tourists each year . "  It 's been highly anticipated . There 's the expectation that after eight years this will be the defining moment for re-democratization in Fiji , " says Steven Ratuva , a Fijian academic who is a senior lecturer in Pacific studies at the University of Auckland . But in a country that has experienced four coups d'etat in the past 27 years , not everyone is optimistic . "  I 'd describe it as a return to a very fragile democracy dependent on the whims and fancies of essentially one or two individuals , " says Fijian academic Brij Lal , a professor of Pacific and Asian history at Australian National University . Why does Fiji have so many coups ? At the heart of the country 's political instability , said Ratuva , are ethnic tensions between the country 's indigenous majority , predominantly Melanesians , who are believed to have arrived on the islands 3,500 years ago , and Indo-Fijians . The latter group are mainly descendants of indentured laborers brought from India by Fiji 's former British colonial rulers in the late 19th and early 20th centuries to work on the sugarcane plantations . In the 2007 census , indigenous Fijians accounted for about 57 % of the population , Indo-Fijians for about 38 % . These tensions were particularly exacerbated by the previous political system , in which ethnicity was politicized and politics was a zero-sum game , says Ratuva . Fiji 's first coup in 1987 saw an elected , Indian-dominated coalition overthrown by indigenous Fijians , leading to the implementation , and later withdrawal , of a constitution that guaranteed indigenous political supremacy . In 2000 , the country 's first ethnic Indian prime minister , his cabinet and several MPs were held hostage for several weeks in a coup , led by businessman George Speight , that began with deadly riots in the streets of Suva , the capital . By contrast , said Ratuva , during the 2006 military coup , led by then Military Commander Josaia Voreqe "  Frank " Bainimarama , an ethnic Fijian , the military 's role shifted from acting in the name of indigenous nationalist interests to taking action against them . At the heart of the dispute triggering the 2006 coup was proposed legislation that would have granted pardons to plotters of the previous coup , and two land rights bills that Bainimarama believed would have unfairly favored indigenous Fijians over the Indo-Fijian minority . "  In the 2006 coup , the military itself had shifted from being an ethno-nationalist military into a more politically moderate institution , " says Ratuva . Why does the military play such a large role in Fijian politics ? Partly , because it plays a large role in Fijian life , says Ratuva . "  Even before colonialism , tribal leaders who were the dominant chiefs in Fiji came to power as warriors . When the British came they transferred that warrior psychology into the new military psychology , " he says . "  The notion of the warrior class has always been there . " Over the years , the military has become deeply entwined into Fijian society . "  Almost everyone has a relative in the military . It 's linked to the Fijian sense of masculinity , it 's linked to the economy -- there are Fijian soldiers doing peacekeeping around the world who send back remittances , " he says . Will the elections be free and fair ? While polls indicate Bainimarama 's party is the most popular of the seven contesting the election , questions remain as to how far the strongman prime minister has shaped the process in his favor . "  In terms of whether the ballot boxes are secure , my sense on that front is it will be fairly OK , " says Lal , a long-standing critic of the regime . "  The problem is that you have to assess if it 's fair in the context in which it takes place . " Fiji does not have a free media , he says , with the government controlling TV , radio and newspaper outlets . "  He has media exposure which other parties do n't -- they 've complained but there 's no action . He has used the advantages of incumbency to the hilt . " Lal says there is a "  sense of fait accomplit " around the election -- "  that whatever happens , Bainimarama will return , " either through the ballot box , or by insisting on staying if the results are not to his favor . Another scenario , he says , is that the military could step in to safeguard the new constitution , implemented last year , if other parties look to make good on their stated desire to change it . How will the country 's ethnic divide be reflected in voting ? Bainimarama 's changes to political structures have gone some way to creating a more equitable situation between indigenous and Indo-Fijians , says Lal . He has introduced a new constitution , abolished the powerful Great Council of Chiefs , a traditional group of indigenous Fijian leaders who mostly inherited their positions , and done away with electoral boundaries that grouped people according to their ethnicity to the benefit of indigenous Fijians . He pushed steadily for equal rights , culminating in a 2013 constitution , helping him to consolidate his popularity among Indo-Fijians . "  Bainimarama says we have abolished racial voting , which is true , but how does that translate into race relations ? " says Lal . "  Many Indo-Fijians will vote for Bainimarama , partly out of fear that they 'll be at the mercy of Fijian nationalists should they fail -- also because his policies are geared towards bread and butter issues , and ... many Indo-Fijians live below the poverty line . " While there are many Indo-Fijians who do n't support Bainimarama -- and many indigenous Fijians , particularly among the poor , who do -- many indigenous voters were aggrieved by the changes he had brought about in the name of equality . "  Many indigenous Fijians feel hard done by -- their cultural institutions such as the Great Council of Chiefs have been abolished with no consultation whatsoever , " Lal says . The restoration of democracy would also help hasten the international rehabilitation of a country that has been diplomatically isolated at the behest of regional powers Australia and New Zealand . If the election is judged fair by the team of about 100 international observers monitoring the vote , the Commonwealth group of nations has indicated Fiji could be welcomed back into the fold as early as this month .	Fiji held its first elections Wednesday since a 2006 military coup d'etat The South Pacific island nation has had four coups since independence The party of the strongman PM , a former military commander , is leading in polls The military plays a large role in Fijian social and political life , say academics
CNN  -- A suburban Philadelphia swim club has invited children from a largely minority day-care center to come back after a June reversal that fueled allegations of racism against the club , a spokeswoman said Sunday . Some kids from the Creative Steps Day Care center say club members made racial remarks . The development came during a hastily called Sunday afternoon meeting of the Valley Club in Huntingdon Valley , Pennsylvania . Club members voted overwhelmingly to try to work things out with the day-care center , which accused some swim club members of making racist comments to black and Hispanic children contracted to use the pool , said Bernice Duesler , the club director 's wife . Duesler said the club canceled its contract with the Creative Steps day-care because of safety , crowding and noise concerns , not racism . "  As long as we can work out safety issues , we 'd like to have them back , " she told CNN . She said the club has been subpoenaed by the state Human Rights Commission , which has begun a fact-finding investigation , "  and the legal advice was to try to get together with these camps , " Duesler added . Alethea Wright , Creative Steps ' director , said , "  They should have done that before . " Wright has repeatedly lambasted the club for its tepid response to the charges and said the children in her care were "  emotionally damaged " by the incident . "  These children are scarred . How can I take those children back there ? " she said . However , Wright 's lawyer , Carolyn Nicholas , said the center will give the Valley Club 's offer "  due consideration " once it is received and looks forward to sitting down with the parties . "  The children are our primary concern , " Nicholas told CNN . Swimming privileges for about 65 children from Creative Steps were revoked after their first visit June 29 . Some children said white members of the club made racist comments to the children , asking why "  black children were there " and raising concerns that "  they might steal from us . " Days later , the day-care center 's $ 1,950 check was returned , Wright said . Club director John Duesler told CNN that he had underestimated the amount of children who would participate , and the club was unable to supervise that many kids . He called his club "  very diverse , " and said it had offered to let day camps in the Philadelphia area use his facility after budget cuts forced some pools in the area to close . Wright has rejected the camp 's contention that the swim club 's pool was overcrowded . The club had accepted a 10-to-1 ratio of children to adults and was considering adding up to three lifeguards , according to e-mails obtained by CNN . But John Duesler said last week that the Valley Club also canceled contracts with two other day-care centers because of safety and overcrowding issues . The Pennsylvania Human Rights Commission launched an investigation last week after allegations of racism at the Valley Club . The commission said that as part of any investigation , the two sides eventually could be asked to sit down face-to-face with its investigators . "  We always encourage opposing parties to communicate with one another if they feel they can resolve these issues amicably , " Commission Chairman Stephen Glassman said . Bernice Duesler said she was n't yet sure how the club will "  reach out " to Creative Steps and the other two camps . And Wright said she still has concerns about the issue . "  Are the members who made those comments still there ? " she asked .	Suburban Philadelphia club invites kids at largely minority day care to come back Lawyer for Creative Steps says the day care will give offer "  due consideration " Some club members accused of making racist comments to black , Hispanic kids Valley Club said it had revoked pool privileges out of crowding , safety concerns
CNN  -- Gold is always worth its weight in , well , itself . Sometimes , it 's worth even more . A gold nugget , weighing 100 troy ounces , sold at auction in Sacremento for $ 400,000 Wednesday night . "  We valued it at around $ 200,000 , " said Amy Baker , auction manager for Holabird-Kagin American . "  There were 6 to 7 people bidding on it , most of them anonymously . It went to an anonymous  phone  bidder . " Baker said the auction house may be able to release more information on the winning bidder Thursday . Security is important when you 're dealing with a large hunk of precious metal . "  The new owner , I 'm not sure when it will exactly be delivered to him , " Baker said . "  That 's confidential . " On Wednesday , gold closed at $ 1,396.10 an ounce on the New York Mercantile Exchange , making the nearly 7-pound nugget worth about $ 140,000 , if it were melted down . But since the nugget , found last year in Nevada County , California , is believed to be the largest one left from the state 's gold rush , it has special value . An estimated 500,000 people traveled to California between 1848 and 1864 in search of instant wealth . "  It 's the last one we know left in existence , " Baker said . "  There have been larger ones over the years , but they have been melted down . " The nugget will be on display this weekend at the Sacramento Convention Center , she said . The California Natural Resources Agency says the largest nugget ever mined in the state was found in 1854 and weighed 195 pounds . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report	Gold closes at $ 1,393.40 an ounce in electronic trading on Wednesday Value of the gold , if melted , is about $ 140,000 The winning bidder pays $ 400,000 for the nugget The largest nugget ever mined in California weighed 195 pounds
A young boy wanders through the high grass , looking lost after attending church services in Kakata , Liberia . The child , Moses Kallie , wears a black T-shirt that 's too big for him . It reads "  Trouble is my middle name . " Trouble has certainly come into his life . He 's lost 13 of his relatives recently -- his parents among them . They were all killed by Ebola . His village is a hotspot for the virus . So far 1,578 people are believed to have died from Ebola in Liberia alone , according to the latest numbers from the World Health Organization . The country has seen a 52 % of increases in cases in just the past three weeks . That 's in large part because there is little or no outside medical help for residents who get sick there . Searching for the answers : Can the world stop Ebola ? In Monrovia , the country 's crowded capital , doors to hospitals and clinics are shut tight , locked with thick padlocks . Many health care workers in West Africa have lost their lives due to the way the virus spreads -- through contact with bodily fluids from those who are infected . On Monday , the World Health Organization urged the affected countries to give health care workers both the adequate security and safety equipment they need , as well as appropriate education and training on infection control . A new Ebola clinic opened in Monrovia this week , but bodies lay on the ground outside its walls . Ambulances filled with Ebola patients , some that have traveled seven hours to get there , are not unloaded . Without help to get them inside , the patients fall in the dirt , mere feet away from treatment . Without help , family members must care for these Ebola patients . And without the proper safety equipment , they too fall sick and Ebola continues to spread . The virus forces the local dead body management teams to work 12 hours a day , six days a week . All for a paycheck of $ 300 to $ 500 a month . Why I became a human guinea pig for Ebola Dressed from head to toe in white protective suits and thick goggles , the burial teams try to stay safe , but nothing can shield them from the unspeakable horrors they 've seen when they make their regular rounds . On Friday , Kiyee described what he saw when he entered a home : "  I took the key and opened the door and went in and saw a 6-month-old child licking on the mother 's skin , " said Kiyee . The mother was lying on her stomach . She had died from Ebola . The baby was searching for the mother 's milk . "  Right away I started shedding tears . " WHO said on Monday the overall death toll in the Ebola outbreak has risen to 2,803 in the five countries at the heart of the epidemic : Sierra Leone , Liberia , Guinea , Nigeria and Senegal . When people go out in public , they are encouraged to take whatever precautions they can . In Monrovia , people get their temperatures taken wherever they go -- at the grocery store , the office and at church . A fever is one of the early symptoms of the disease . At the little boy 's church in Kakata , the pastor is both practical and philosophical about Ebola . He has spent his career thinking deeply about death and what happens afterward . When his congregation asked the Rev. Victor King if he 's afraid of death he said "  No , " but "  I do n't want to die from Ebola . " Ebola outbreak : How to help At his church , he 's called off the part of the service where congregation members shake hands . He tells them not to hug when they see each other , and no one takes communion wine from the same chalice any more . Many in his congregation were at first displeased when he ended that practice , he said . Communion is the high point of the church service and it is central to their tradition of worship . But he believes the congregation , like many in Liberia , are starting to better understand the disease and how it spreads . After services , the congregation files out the door and stops at a container the pastor has placed right outside . The container looks like it should hold a sports drink . Instead , it contains bleach for them to wash their hands . To a person the congregation stops and takes their time to wash up thoroughly . Anthony Kallah , a teacher , is one of them . "  We are all afraid , " Kallah said . "  This is a threatening disease . "	At least 1,578 people in Liberia have died from Ebola , according to the World Health Organization Liberia has seen a 52 % of increases in cases in just the past three weeks . WHO says two of the countries at the heart of the epidemic have made progress
CNN  -- Emily Blunt may be the most vivacious and personable light comic actress in the movies right now . She has something of Carole Lombard 's instinct to take a tired scene and give it a good kick in the pants . And Jason Segel 's forlorn and directionless Tom in "  The Five-Year Engagment " could use it , too . Segel is the anti-matter to Blunt 's shooting star : doughy  well , he is playing a sous chef here  , oversized and doleful , he 's one of those actors who has learned to capitalize on his flaws , exposing his inadequacies as often as possible to lugubrious comic effect . We 've all seen lopsided couples like this , but the central flaw in "  The Five-Year Engagment "  which Segel also co-wrote with his regular collaborator , director Nicholas Stoller  is that despite their regular protestations of love , for most of the movie , Segel 's Tom and Blunt 's Violet make a miserable team . She 's selfish , he sacrifices his career , are you laughing yet ? We are given to understand that wedded bliss would make all the difference , but somehow they just ca n't get their act together . Tom proposes in the movie 's very first scene . There is an engagement party , everything is going swimmingly , but events overtake them . Violet 's sister  Alison Brie  gets pregnant by Tom 's best man  Chris Pratt , doing a big-screen tweak on his "  Parks and Recreation " persona  , so their nuptials take precedence . There are religious and geographical divisions to be ironed out -- Tom 's family is Jewish , Violet 's Church of England . Then she 's offered a place at the University of Michigan , and while Tom renounces his promising culinary career in San Francisco to be with her , somehow the circumstances do n't seem so propitious for a wedding ceremony . She 's still happy , but he 's stuck in a rut and losing his grip . Delay and deferment do n't seem like the ideal building blocks for comedy , especially when this couple already lives together . Are we expected to care that much if they tie the knot ? Does their hesitation reflect misgivings about the institution , or doubts about the relationship itself ? The latter , naturally , but only because Tom is asked to play second fiddle to his more goal-oriented fiancÃ © e . In other words , to play what is traditionally the part of the supportive wife . What is a man to do when he 's no longer the principal breadwinner ? Michigan is cold , and they hunt things there . Going native involves home-knitted sweaters , crossbows and lots of facial hair . Clearly , this is not going to work . The movie occasionally throws up scenes or situations adults might recognize from their own attempts to reconcile romance and professional fulfillment , but no more than you might find in an average sitcom . This being a Judd Apatow production , that would be a sitcom afflicted with Tourette Syndrome and more male nudity than usual , but still essentially a sitcom nonetheless . Ungainly and uneven , the movie offers some compensation in the peripherals  whoever cast Jacki Weaver , the terrifying matriarch from "  Animal Kingdom " as Violet 's mum has a wicked sense of humor , and Rhys Ifans is lively as a charismatic psychology professor  but struggles to convey any sense of purpose in its story . Rom-coms traditionally end in marriage , convenient shorthand for the fairytale happy ever after , and "  The Five-Year Engagement " is no different ; it just takes an awfully long time to get there .	Jason Segel is one of those actors who has learned to capitalize on his flaws For most of "  The Five-Year Engagement " lead characters make a miserable team Ungainly and uneven , the movie offers some compensation in the peripherals
London  CNN  -- The United States , the European Union and Japan have filed a trade case over China 's export restrictions on rare earth minerals that are crucial for the production of many high-tech devices . What are rare earth minerals ? Rare earths are 17 minerals with magnetic and conductive properties that are used in most of today 's electronic devices , including flat-screen televisions , smart phones , hybrid cars and weapons . The minerals include cerium , neodymium , dysprosium , tungsten and molybdenum . Tungsten , for example , is used in electronics , automotive , aerospace and medical technologies . China produces 91 % of the world 's tungsten . Molybdenum is a metallic element used for filaments in light bulbs . China produces 36 % of the world 's molybdenum . They are not actually "  rare , " and can be found in other countries -- including the U.S. -- but they are difficult to mine safely . About a third of the world 's rare earth deposits are in China but the country controls around 97 % of production , in part due to its lower labor costs and less stringent environmental regulations . Rare earth minerals ' importance and limited supplies have created friction between China and the U.S. , among other countries , for years . What is the issue ? China 's dominance in the industry has led to suggestions it can be used as part of a trade war with the U.S. and Europe . In 2010 , a report commissioned by the U.S. Congress found China 's dominant position in production could have major implications for the U.S. Department of Defense . In June that year , China tightened export restrictions on the materials by raising export taxes and reducing the amount it can send overseas . It reduced the quota for Chinese-owned companies by 32 % but by 54 % for companies with foreign investment . In December , it further reduced quotas . It also temporarily halted shipments of rare earths to Japan , prompting a sharp spike in prices of the minerals . What has happened now ? The trade case by the U.S , European Union and Japan accuses China of increasing prices outside China while lowering them within the country , creating unfair advantages . The U.S. also accuses China of hoarding the minerals for its own use . The U.S. aims to pressure China to lift export limits . China has defended its actions by saying they are in line with World Trade Organization regulations , and that the restrictions are due to environmental concerns . Why does it matter ? Rare earths minerals are hugely important to the technology industry , and the U.S. and the European Union are fierce in their language against China . According to a European Commission statement , restrictions "  violate international trade rules " and hurt producers of car components and computers , among other industries . The EU said it has raised the issue with China repeatedly over the past years without success . U.S. president Barack Obama said : "  We have got to take control of our energy future and we ca n't let that energy industry take root in some other country because they were allowed to break the rules . " What will happen next ? The European Union , U.S. and Japan are all making requests for consultations with the Chinese , as part of the WTO dispute process . If agreement is not reached within 60 days , the issue can get kicked up to a WTO settlement panel . Whatever the outcome , it could take some time : A similar dispute over restrictions on raw materials was settled this year -- in favor of the EU , U.S. and Mexico -- three years after it was launched .	The U.S. , European Union and Japan have filed a trade case over China 's export restrictions on rare earth minerals Rare earths are minerals with magnetic and conductive properties that are used in most of today 's electronic devices China 's dominance in the industry has led to suggestions it can be used as part of a trade war with the U.S. and Europe
CNN  Russia 's ambassador to Britain was summoned to the UK 's Foreign Office on Thursday to explain why two Russian bombers were flying over the English Channel this week , a representative of the office said . Two Russian bombers "  caused disruption to civil aviation " when they flew near , but did not cross into , British airspace on Wednesday , the Foreign Office representative said . Two UK Royal Air Force jets intercepted the bombers , both capable of carrying nuclear weapons , south of Bournemouth , England , over the English Channel , a UK defense spokesman said Thursday . The British jets escorted the bombers for about an hour-and-a-half until the bombers left the area , the defense spokesman said . "  Russian aircraft maneuvers yesterday are part of  an  increasing pattern of out-of-area operations by Russian aircraft , " the Foreign Office representative said . The representative did not elaborate on how civil aviation was disrupted . Details about what the Russian ambassador has told Britain about the incident were n't immediately available . Wednesday 's incident would be the latest in what NATO has said is an increase in Russian military flights near alliance members ' territory . In November , NATO said its members ' jets had been scrambled more than 400 times in 2014 to intercept Russian military flights close to members ' territories -- a 50 % increase over the previous year . The increase harkens back to the days of the Cold War , NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said November 20 during a visit to NATO member Estonia . "  This pattern is risky and unjustified , " Stoltenberg said . "  So NATO remains vigilant . We are here . And we are ready to defend all allies against any threat . " In a November report , the European Leadership Network listed more than 40 "  close military encounters between Russia and the West " in the eight months from March to October . Three of those , including a near-collision between a Russian military plane and a Swedish passenger aircraft carrying 132 people , were classified as "  high-risk " incidents that could have led to direct military confrontation between Russia and the West , according to the report , titled "  Dangerous Brinksmanship . " UK jets intercepted more than 100 Russian aircraft last year , according to the British defense ministry . CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Russian bombers disrupted civil aviation , UK Foreign Office representative says UK : Russian bombers were flying over English Channel Russian aircraft did n't cross into British airspace , spokesman says
Actress Karen Black 's long and public battle with cancer has ended with her death , her agent said Thursday . Black , who was nominated for an Oscar for her role in the 1970 film "  Five Easy Pieces , " was 74 . "  She was a stellar person in every area of her life , " agent Sarabeth Schedeen wrote . "  Smart funny talented tenacious supportive and loving . Everyone who knew her will miss her . " Black took her fight to overcome her illness to a crowd-funding website earlier this year , raising thousands of dollars to pay for treatments she hoped to get in Europe . Her husband posted a message to donors Wednesday -- just hours before her death -- explaining that over the last months her "  health continued to deteriorate at an alarming pace . " "  She became bed-bound : the spreading cancer having eaten away part of a vertebra and nerves in her lower back , " husband Stephen Eckelberry wrote . "  Her left leg stopped functioning . We could not go to Europe as we had hoped . It would have been almost impossible to travel to the airport . So we brought alternative treatments to her bedside . " Black survived weeks longer than doctors predicted , he said . "  I ca n't tell you how many times doctors and nurses have pulled me aside and told me that I better start hospice , as she was about to die . " She was placed in a nursing facility by the Motion Picture Television Fund recently , he said . Eckelberry , a filmmaker , said he captured her struggle over the past three years on film . "  I had n't planned on doing anything with the footage , until a few weeks ago , Karen reached out to her old friend , Elliot Mintz , " he wrote . "  Elliot is considered a media guru who has offered advice to dozens of famous clients over the years including Karen . " As a result , Black filmed a "  deeply moving and candid conversation " with Mintz at her bedside on June 21 , which could be released on "  the right platform for some kind of presentation . " Black studied under famed acting coach Lee Strasberg in New York early in her career , while she acted on stage in off-Broadway productions in the early 1960s . She made her Broadway debut in "  The Playroom " in 1965 . Her big screen career began with Francis Ford Coppola 's "  You 're a Big Boy Now " in 1966 , but it was her acting opposite Dennis Hopper and Peter Fonda in "  Easy Rider " that brought her attention in 1969 . She was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe for her work with Jack Nicholson in "  Five Easy Pieces " a year later . Black played a jewel thief in Alfred Hitchcock 's last movie , the 1976 film "  Family Plot . " People we 've lost in 2013	"  She was a stellar person in every area of her life , " he agent says Black took her fight to overcome cancer to a crowd-funding website Her "  health continued to deteriorate at an alarming pace " recently , her husband says Black was nominated for Oscar for her role in the 1970 film "  Five Easy Pieces "
CNN  -- Pharmaceuticals giants Merck and Schering-Plough are planning to merge their operations under the name Merck in a deal worth $ 41.1 billion . Merck chairman and CEO Richard T. Clark will head the combined company . Under the terms of the agreement , Schering-Plough shareholders will receive just over half a Merck share and $ 10.50 in cash for each Schering-Plough share they own . Each Merck share will automatically become a share of the combined company . Merck shareholders are expected to own approximately 68 percent of the combined company , and Schering-Plough shareholders are expected to own approximately 32 percent . Merck Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer Richard T. Clark will lead the combined company . "  We are creating a strong , global healthcare leader built for sustainable growth and success , " Clark said in a media statement Monday . "  The combined company will benefit from a formidable research and development pipeline , a significantly broader portfolio of medicines and an expanded presence in key international markets , particularly in high-growth emerging markets . "  We look forward to joining forces with an outstanding partner we know well and that shares our commitment to patients , employees and the communities where we work and live . " Merck added that its 2009 outlook has not changed , and it is committed to keeping its annual dividend at its current level of $ 1.52 per share . Both drug-makers reported better-than-expected quarterly results in early February , but announced steep job cuts . On a conference call with investors on February 3 , Clark said the drug-maker was open to a takeover of a large pharmaceutical company .	SP shareholders to get over half a Merck share and $ 10.50 in cash per share Merck shareholders expected to own around 68 percent of combined company Both drug-makers reported better-than-expected quarterly results in February
CNN  -- Padraig Harrington has accepted his punishment after being disqualified from the Abu Dhabi Championship for an incident during Thursday 's opening round of the European Tour golf event . Television replays showed that the three-time major winner inadvertently moved his ball with his hand on the green at the seventh hole , but did not sign for the required two-stroke penalty . The Irishman went on to card a seven-under-par 65 which left him one shot off the lead , but he did not tee off for Friday 's second round after officials noticed his infringement . "  I was aware I hit the ball picking up my coin . I looked down at the time and was pretty sure it had just oscillated and had not moved , so I continued on , " the world No. 26 told the European Tour website . "  In slow motion it 's pretty clear the ball has moved three dimples forward and it 's come back maybe a dimple and a half . At the end of the day that 's good enough , but I would n't have done anything differently yesterday -- there was nothing I could do about it at that moment in time . " The European Tour 's senior referee Andy McFee explained that Harrington was disqualified after signing for an incorrect score . "  It 's a minute movement , but it 's a movement and he never replaced it , so he should have included a two-stroke penalty . Because he signed for a score lower than actually taken , the penalty is disqualification , " McFee said . Harrington , who has not won on the European Tour since his second British Open victory and subsequent U.S. PGA Championship triumph in 2008 , said he had no quarrels with the officials . "  The one thing all golfers love about their sport is the fact that we can stand up and say , ` We have the best rules , we are the fairest , we call them on ourselves . ' "  I think in this situation and other situations like that , with the new technology , maybe going forward , that the penalties can be changed . But the actual rulings have to stay where they are . " Meanwhile , defending champion Martin Kaymer claimed a three-shot lead on Friday after shooting 65 to move up to 12-under 132 at the halfway stage . The 2010 Race To Dubai winner -- also the 2008 victor in Abu Dhabi -- carded a flawless seven-birdie second round , five of them coming in his first seven holes . The German , playing his first tournament of 2011 , will replace Tiger Woods as world No. 2 if he finishes in the top seven . First-round leader Charl Schwartzel was second after a 71 , as the South African dropped three shots in five holes in the middle of his front nine and made two more bogeys after the turn before finishing with a birdie . In-form Schwartzel holds early Abu Dhabi lead That left last weekend 's Joburg Open winner a shot clear of U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell , who countered three bogeys with five birdies in his 70 . World No. 12 Rory McIlroy was tied for seventh on 138 after a 67 , while former European Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie was another shot back in a group of eight after a 69 . World No. 4 Phil Mickelson  70  was tied for 25th on 141 along with South Africa 's two-time major winner Retief Goosen  71  . World No. 8 Paul Casey , the winner here in 2007 and 2009 , was tied for 50th after a 70 , while top-ranked fellow Englishman Lee Westwood may also scrape into the weekend rounds after a 75 left him tied for 62nd on 144 -- a shot inside the projected cut . Westwood suffered two double-bogeys on his front nine , but bounced back with birdies at two of his last three holes . Last year 's runner-up Ian Poulter and British Open Louis Oosthuizen were both set to miss out on 145 . Meanwhile , Venezuelan rookie Jhonattan Vegas claimed a share of the lead at the PGA Tour 's Bob Hope Classic after shooting five-under 67 in California on Thursday . The 26-year-old carded eight birdies but closed with his third bogey at the PGA West 's Nicklaus Course in La Quinta . The first man from his country to play on the main U.S. circuit , he had been second overnight following his 64 at the Palmer Course . American Boo Weekley carded 66 at the Nicklaus Course to join him on 13-under 131 , with fellow Americans Charles Howell  66  and Chris Crouch  65  tied for third another shot back . The five-round charity event is played over four courses with a mix of professional and amateur players .	Padraig Harrington disqualified from Abu Dhabi Championship after rule infringement Irishman moved the ball with his hand but did not sign for two-stroke penalty Defending champion Martin Kaymer claims halfway lead at European Tour event Venezuelan rookie Jhonattan Vegas shares halfway lead at PGA Tour 's Bob Hope Classic
A truck is loaded with munitions , then driven up a hillside in northern Syria . Moments later , there is a massive blast followed by cries of "  Allahu Akbar , " or God is great in Arabic , as well as the rattling of gunfire . Suicide bombings like this are not new in war-torn Syria . But what could make this one different is the man who radical Islamists say played a part in pulling it off . An American . Abu Farouk al Shamy , a spokesman for the rebel Suqour al-Sham battalion , told CNN the Sunday attack was executed in coordination with the al-Nusra Front , an al Qaeda-linked organization that the U.S. government has blacklisted as a foreign terror organization . One video on YouTube , with the title "  the American martyrdom from al-Nusra Front , " identifies the suicide bomber as Abu Hurayra Al-Amriki . This video and several other social media posts feature a picture of a bearded man with that name , smiling and holding a cat . The man 's full and true identity is not known , and CNN can not independently verify an American by any name recently died in Syria . But a U.S. law enforcement official concurs the man likely has an American connection . It 's not known if he might be a U.S. citizen or resident , though . And the official pointed out any identity ca n't be confirmed until remains are recovered or examined , something that would be difficult , given the size of the explosion . U.S. concern about Americans fighting in Syria Syrian activists say the video is from Sunday and shows militants ' preparations and ultimate attack on Syrian military checkpoints in Jabal Al-Arba ` een , near the city of Ariha in Idlib province and believed to be along a key rebel supply route . According to Syrian activists and social media postings , four vehicles laden with explosives were part of the attack . One YouTube video says the American detonated the biggest one , which contained 17 tons of explosives , including artillery shells . It is not clear what exactly this man 's involvement was , including whether he was driving an armored truck , a tanker or some other vehicle . Even if he clearly did not act alone , it is the man identified as Abu Hurayra who has gotten a lot of attention on websites and social media venues tied to radical Islamists . This includes a tweet by a man with the handle Abu Suleiman al-Muhajer , whose bio identifies him as belonging to al Qaeda in the Levant , the umbrella organization for the al-Nusra Front . His tweet , which was published on the radical Islamist website Hanein , features the alleged American 's picture and the words , "  Abu Hurayra Al-Amriki performed a martyrdom operation in Idlib , Jabal Al-Arba ` een . May Allah accept him . " The name Abu Hurayra , which is popular among Sunni Muslims , offers little clue as to the man 's identity . Abu Hurayra was a companion of the Islamic prophet Mohammed and the narrator of Hadith . Regardless , if his U.S. nationality could somehow be confirmed , it would n't be a total surprise . U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials have expressed concerns about Americans joining the fight in Syria , including with groups like the jihadist al-Nusra Front . The worry is that they and other Westerners might pose a threat when they return a home . "  There 's going to be a diaspora out of Syria , " FBI Director James Comey said last week . "  And we are determined not to let lines be drawn from Syria today to a future 9/11 . " U.S. closer to expanding training for Syrian rebels 6 chemical weapons inspectors reported kidnapped in Syria now safe Gas attack alleged in Syria ; 21 die in shelling	Video shows a recent suicide attack on government troops in northern Syria Radical Islamists : One of the attackers is American , identified as Abu Hurayra U.S. official : Man likely had an American connection , but it 's not fully confirmed U.S. officials have expressed concerns about Americans fighting in Syria
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The State Department will renew its contract with Blackwater to provide security in Iraq , Greg Starr , acting assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security , said Friday . An woman passes a burnt car in a Baghdad neighborhood where Blackwater guards killed 17 in September . No provisions have been added to the contract , Starr said , but Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ordered several changes to procedure after a September incident in which Blackwater guards shot and killed 17 people , including women and children . The incident placed the operations of Blackwater and other security firms under scrutiny in Iraq , where an estimated 25,000 private contractors protect diplomats , reconstruction workers and government officials . Under a provision instituted in the early days of the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq , security contractors have immunity from Iraqi law . The five-year State Department contract , which began in 2006 , must be renewed every year and is up for renewal next month . Starr said , in effect , Blackwater 's contract will roll over for another year . Blackwater is one of three contractors working under a "  task order " to provide security services in Iraq . The other two are Triple Canopy and DynCorp . An agreement , or memorandum of understanding , between the State Department and U.S. military calls for a higher level of coordination and supervision of contractors , Starr said . Blackwater still has to work under the rules of the Iraqi government , he said . The FBI is in charge of the U.S. investigation of the September incident , in which survivors and victims ' family members said Blackwater guards started shooting unprovoked . Blackwater said its employees were returning fire after coming under attack from armed insurgents , but an Iraqi investigation called the killings "  premeditated murder . " Starr said the U.S. government , in particular U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker , will take a close look at the FBI 's investigation report and then "  decide whether it is consistent with U.S. goals and policies to continue the contract . " He said it will be important to see whether the FBI finds Blackwater itself criminally responsible , or merely a few of its employees . "  We can terminate contracts for the convenience of the government if we have to , " he said . "  I am not going to prejudge what the FBI is going to find in its investigation . It 's complex . I think the U.S. government needs protective services . " Starr said he did have some concern about the reaction of the Iraqi government and people . But he noted that there have been only three additional "  escalation of forces " incidents since the new rules of engagement . "  I am up to this point very satisfied with the changes we have seen , " he said . "  Essentially I think they do a very good job . The September 16 incident was a tragedy , it needs to be investigated carefully . The results of that will come out of that eventually and we will decide how we will proceed . " Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell declined to comment , referring all questions to the State Department . E-mail to a friend	Blackwater guards shot and killed 17 people in disputed incident FBI investigating Blackwater ; contract will be reviewed afterward Contractors protect diplomats , reconstruction workers , government officials Security contractors have immunity from Iraqi law
CNN  -- The next time Minnesota drivers looking to play the Powerball lottery pay at the pump , the pump might pay them back . The Minnesota State Lottery has launched a pilot program to allow customers to purchase lottery tickets while they fill up their cars . This week 's winning tickets for the $ 587.5 million Powerball jackpot were purchased at convenience stores , but Ed Van Petten , director of the Minnesota State Lottery , said sales of lottery tickets at gas pumps have been brisk . It works like this : Customers who use debit cards to fill up can enter their mobile phone numbers when they buy a lottery ticket at the pump . Their lottery numbers are then sent to their phone via text message , and the pump prints out a receipt . After the drawing , drivers get a text message telling them whether they won . Drivers can track their playing history and choose to have winnings of $ 599 or less paid directly to their accounts . Credit cards are not permitted . The program was developed by Linq3 , a New York-based software developer . Van Petten said developers approached several states before partnering with Minnesota Lottery officials . The same lottery software is also available at various ATMs in sports bars and even at a state driver 's license office and is part of the same Minnesota pilot program . Van Petten said South Africa is the only other place he knew of that allows lottery purchases through ATMs . Minnesota lottery officials have set a weekly purchase limit of $ 50 through gas pumps and ATM machines to encourage responsible gaming , Van Petten said . "  We 're the only ones in the world who are doing this , " Van Petten told CNN . The prize for the Powerball lottery -- held in 42 states , the U.S. Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia -- swelled to the largest jackpot in Powerball history after the jackpot rolled over 16 times without a winner . Two winning tickets matched all the numbers in Wednesday night 's drawing . On Friday , a Missouri family collected its half of the prize money . Lottery officials have not yet confirmed the identity of the other winner , who bought a ticket in Arizona . Meet the Powerball winners He sold a winning Ticket	Minnesota Lottery allows drivers to purchase tickets at the gas pump After purchase , lottery numbers are texted to players ' cell phones Lottery officials impose $ 50-a-week limit to discourage overspending
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho has admitted he was left angered by the decision to sell Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona , although the Inter Milan coach reveals he is delighted to welcome Samuel Eto'o to the San Siro . Jose Mourinho believes Inter Milan have done good business in selling Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona . Inter are on the verge of completing a deal which will see them receive 45 million euros  $ 64m  plus Eto'o for Ibrahimovic after both players agreed terms with their prospective clubs . Mourinho knows it will be a blow to lose last year 's leading goalscorer in Serie A but , speaking about the deal for the first time , admitted it is a fantastic bit of business . "  I was a bit angry because no coach is happy to lose Ibrahimovic , " the Portuguese told Sky Italia . "  But no one is not happy to have Eto'o -- we have lost a top player but we have taken another one . If I talk as a coach and a man on the pitch , I say that I do n't want to lose this player . If I talk as a manager , I say that Inter have done great business , " added Mourinho . Mourinho feels Ibrahimovic will adapt to life at the Nou Camp in no time but insists he would not make a similar move . "  He had this dream and wanted to go , " added the Nerazzurri coach . "  He told me he would miss me and I told him exactly the same thing . He 's going to a club in which I worked for four years , Barcelona are an extraordinary club and he will be happy . "  I did n't give him any advice but I spoke to him a few days before the final decision . I told him that if he wins the Champions League with Barcelona he wo n't be doing anything extraordinary , seeing as they have won it twice in three years . I like doing something extraordinary , not what 's normal . "	Jose Mourinho angered by the decision to sell Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona However , Inter Milan coach happy to welcome Samuel Eto'o to the Italian club Inter Milan to receive 45 million euros  $ 64m  plus Eto'o for Swede Ibrahimovic
Tokyo  CNN  -- A controversial Japanese politician apologized Monday for suggesting that U.S. military service members should use the adult entertainment industry in Japan more often to relieve sexual frustration and reduce aggression . But he did n't back down over comments he made about the Japanese military 's use of forced prostitution during World War II . Japanese politician calls wartime sex slaves ` necessary ' Toru Hashimoto , the mayor of Osaka , stirred outrage in Japan and around the world with a series of comments this month about the treatment of women by the military . He had said May 13 that he had told a U.S. military commander during a trip to a base on the island of Okinawa that the adult entertainment business in Japan should be "  utilized more " by U.S. personnel . "  I told him there are places that operate within the boundaries of the law which can be used for releasing sexual frustration , so they  the U.S. military  should fully utilize it or the Marines wo n't be able to control their aggressive sexual desires . " In a statement delivered Monday at the Foreign Correspondent 's Club of Japan in Tokyo , Hashimoto acknowledged that his comment "  could be construed as an insult to the U.S. forces and to the American people , and therefore was inappropriate . " Hashimoto , who is also a co-leader of the nationalist Japan Restoration Party , said he retracted the remark and apologized for it . He said it was prompted by "  a strong sense of crisis " he felt in light of a series of recent sexual abuse cases involving U.S. service members in Japan . Opinion : Japanese politicians still struggle with wartime past ` Comfort women ' controversy But he said comments attributed to him that described women forced to become prostitutes to entertain Japanese troops during World War II as "  necessary " had been taken out of context . On May 13 , he said "  anyone would understand " the role of "  comfort women " when soldiers were risking their lives and you wanted to give them "  a rest . " "  Comfort women " is the term used for the 200,000 women whom historians estimate were forced to become sex slaves for Japan 's former Imperial Army . Hashimoto 's comments about them had provoked an international outcry , especially in Asian countries occupied by Japan during the war , such as South Korea and China . The U.S. government called the words "  outrageous and offensive . " Hashimoto did n't offer an apology Monday for those comments , claiming that he had been talking about sexual violations by military personnel in a more general sense . He also disputed that forcible recruitment of women during the war was conducted as government policy . "  I stated that ` the armed forces of nations in the world ' seemed to have needed women ` during the past wars , ' " he said . "  Then it was wrongly reported that I myself thought it as necessary for armed forces to use women and that ` I ' tolerated it . " Japan not only culprit , mayor says He repeated the assertion he made previously that "  sexual violation in wartime was not an issue unique to the former Japanese army . " "  The issue existed in the armed forces of the U.S.A. , the UK , France , Germany and the former Soviet Union among others during World War II , " he said . "  It also existed in the armed forces of the Republic of Korea during the Korean War and the Vietnam War , " Hashimoto added , using the official name of South Korea . "  If only Japan is blamed , because of the widely held view that the state authority of Japan was intentionally involved in the abduction and trafficking of women , I will have to inform you that this view is incorrect , " he said . He did , however , recognize that the Japanese military had caused suffering to comfort women . "  We must express our deep remorse at the violation of the human rights of these women by the Japanese soldiers in the past , and make our apology to the women , " he said . In 1993 , the Japanese government released a statement acknowledging the "  immeasurable pain and suffering " endured by thousands of women forced into sex during World War II . It even vowed to include the comfort women issue in new junior high school textbooks for the first time . Can ` womenomics ' save Japan ? CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Toru Hashimoto does n't apologize for his "  comfort women " comments He says they were taken out of context He retracts a remark urging U.S. military personnel in Japan to use the sex industry more His comments this month provoked international outrage
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- A boat 's horn bellowed 32 times off the coast of Italy on Sunday , honoring each of the victims who died a year ago when a luxury cruise liner ran aground . Family members of those who perished tossed wreaths , lilies and notes into icy waters at a ceremony marking the anniversary of the Costa Concordia crash . And a large boulder bearing a plaque with victims ' names was lowered into the same sea that claimed their lives . The somber memorial was a sharp contrast to the chaos of a year ago , when the massive ship ran aground with 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members on board . According to passengers ' accounts , pandemonium erupted as guests rushed to fill the lifeboats and escape the ship . Some crew members helped passengers and then jumped overboard ; remaining members seemed helpless to handle the melee . The night of the accident , many survivors sought shelter in churches and other buildings on the tiny Tuscan island of Giglio . At one of the churches on Sunday , many survivors and family members of victims gathered for a two-hour Mass to remember the victims and honor divers and rescue workers . "  I came to pray for my colleagues and the passengers who lost their lives , " said Santosh Velhal , a Costa Concordia crew member from Mumbai who worked in the ship 's security department . The children of Gerald and Barbara Heil -- an American couple from Minnesota who died in the accident -- were also among those who traveled to Italy for Sunday 's ceremony . The day 's events also included the dedication of a plaque with the victims ' names on a wall in Giglio 's harbor and a violin concert held in a local church . At 9:45 p.m. , the exact one-year anniversary of the moment of impact , survivors planned to light 32 lanterns -- one for each of the victims . Meanwhile , the Costa Concordia , now a half-submerged carcass , still sits in the harbor where it ran aground . Hundreds of people are working 24-7 to secure it , but salvage efforts are taking longer than expected . Officials now hope to have the ship upright by late June or early July and to tow it to some port by September . During Sunday 's ceremony , the skies were overcast and a fierce wind blew . The seas were rough , and the waves washed up against the wreckage and salvage barges with such force that crews had to reinforce their equipment . "  Thank God the weather was n't like this last year , " Karin Fogazzi told reporters as she stared at the wreckage . The weather was more temperate last year , when she and her husband Roberto escaped the ship carrying their 10-month-old son Daniel down a rope ladder . The family came on Sunday to mark the occasion , she said , and to try to help deal with the post-traumatic stress disorder they 've been battling over the past year . The Concordia 's captain , Francesco Schettino , could face charges that include manslaughter and abandoning ship . Other crew members and Concordia executives also could face trial . Schettino has said that managers of the cruise line instructed him to sail close to the island and has denied allegations that he was sailing too fast . He said the rock the ship struck was not indicated on his charts of the area . In an interview with Italy 's "  Domenica In " television show on Sunday , Schettino blamed the ship 's helmsman for misunderstanding orders to avoid the rocks . The captain said he 'd felt pain over the victims ' deaths every day for the past year . The day was a somber reminder of the lives lost in the shipwreck , but it was also important for the 900 residents of Giglio to commemorate an event that changed their island forever . "  This is not a celebration , " Mayor Sergio Ortelli said . "  This year has been dramatic for the people of this island who have had their whole lives turned upside down by this event . We hope our island returns to a place of tranquility once the steel monster out there is towed away . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : In a television interview , the ship 's captain says he was not responsible for the wreck Family members and survivors mark the anniversary with a somber memorial The Costa Concordia ran aground off Italian island last year , killing 32 people Several hundred passengers are in Giglio to commemorate the anniversary
CNN  -- Farrah Fawcett , whose public battle with anal cancer has brought new attention to a rarely discussed disease , has not been given a timetable from her doctor about how much time she has left , according to her friend Alana Stewart . Farrah Fawcett , seen here in 2006 , has waged a very public battle with anal cancer . "  No one has said to her you have two months to live , " Stewart said Monday . "  So I 'm looking at that as a really good sign . " Stewart talked with Lara Spencer , host of "  The Insider , " who discussed her interview with Fawcett 's close friend on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Monday night . Spencer said Fawcett , her family and friends are clinging to hope for a recovery . "  She -LSB- Alana Stewart -RSB- does n't want to throw out a number . And neither does Farrah . ... They 're still hoping for that miracle , " Spencer said . "  Farrah 's Story , " a documentary-style program that has followed the course of her illness and showed her grueling treatment in graphic detail , aired on NBC Friday and was viewed by almost 9 million people . Fawcett and partner Ryan O'Neal watched the show together , Spencer confirmed . "  Alana said it was the ultimate in bittersweet , " Spencer said . "  You know , they 're reliving two years of hell that they 've endured together . " King asked Spencer whether Fawcett , who made her name a household word on the hit '70s TV series "  Charlie 's Angels , " and O'Neal might marry . "  He said you never know . He was cagey about it , " Spencer said . "  And , you know , I think he would in a second . He 's so madly in love with her . " King also had a panel of medical experts on his show to discuss Fawcett 's cancer . Dr. Thomas Vogl , who at one time treated the actress in Germany , called her medical condition "  very , very serious . " Dr. Allyson Ocean , a medical oncologist in New York , said only about 5,000 cases of anal cancer are diagnosed in the United States yearly . Unlike Fawcett 's case , it usually does n't spread , and only about 10 to 15 percent of cases are advanced , Ocean said . Fawcett 's cancer , however , is in Stage 4 and has spread to her liver . Ocean said there are various causes of anal cancer . "  One of the causes is a virus called the human papilloma virus , which is a sexually transmitted virus . It seems to be more common in women , in general , outside of any viral infections . Smoking is actually a risk factor , " she said . King asked Dr. Paul Song , a radiation oncologist , if he had seen Stage 4 cancer cured . "  Not with anal cancer . I have seen it with other GI malignancies such as rectal cancer , " Song said . "  But anal cancer is a little bit more difficult to treat . " Despite the bleak outlook , Song had praise for Fawcett and her documentary . "  I think one of the most powerful things that Miss Fawcett did in this documentary was give patients a sense of hope and to just show how she 's handled this with such courage and dignity , " Song said . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta told King that doctors have to strike a delicate balance when they are caring for patients such as Fawcett . "  You have to be absolutely honest with patients , but , you know , you do n't want to strip away their hope and optimism , either . There are people , Larry , as you know , who beat the odds , " Gupta said . Vogl told King he developed a close relationship with Fawcett during the time he treated her in Germany and expressed admiration for his one-time patient . "  From a lot of treatments and contact and communication , I think she is extremely special , an extremely brave person , " he said .	"  Insider " host Lara Spencer says friends , family holding out for a miracle Farrah Fawcett has been fighting Stage 4 anal cancer , which has spread Doctor who once treated her calls condition "  very , very serious " Another doctor said actress has handled illness with "  courage and dignity "
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo grabbed his sixth hat-trick this season as Real Madrid went 10 points clear of arch-rivals Barcelona in Spain with a 4-2 home win over fourth-placed Levante . Sunday 's victory left Real in the driving seat to win the La Liga title following champions Barca 's 3-2 defeat at Osasuna on Saturday . Portugal star Ronaldo took his league tally to 27 goals this season with another superb display , but Gustavo Cabral gave Levante a surprise early lead in the Bernabeu . Ronaldo , the world 's most expensive player , leveled from the penalty spot following a handball by Vicente Iborra , who was also sent off for his second yellow card . Ronaldo headed home a Gonzalo Higuain cross after 49 minutes and then completed his 13th hat-trick for Real with a thunderous drive that took him past legendary Hungarian forward Ferenc Puskas and into second place behind Alfredo di Stefano 's total of 22 trebles for the club . Brave Levante pulled one back through Arouna Kone 's header , but France forward Karim Benzema sealed three points for Jose Mourinho 's men with a fourth after 65 minutes . Mourinho cautioned against thinking the title is already won despite opening such a big gap over Barca . "  The mathematics tell us that to consider this league won , it 's necessary to get another 39 points , that 's 13 wins , " he told AFP . Earlier , third-placed Valencia moved eight points clear of the chasing pack with a 4-0 victory over struggling Sporting Gijon , ending a run of five league matches without a win . Sofiane Feghouli opened the scoring in the 34th minute , and his 73rd-minute effort was deflected in for an own-goal by Alberto Botia . Substitute Jonas Goncalves scored twice in injury time as Valencia moved to within eight points of Barcelona , while Gijon remained second from bottom .	Real Madrid beat Levante 4-2 in La Liga clash Cristiano Ronaldo grabs his sixth hat-trick of season Victory lifts them 10 points clear of champions Barcelona Valencia consolidate third with 4-0 win over Sporting Gijon
A band of rogue Philadelphia police officers allegedly held a drug suspect over the balcony railing of his 18th-floor apartment as an interrogation technique , federal prosecutors say . In another instance , according to prosecutors , the six officers allegedly kidnapped a drug suspect and kept him in a hotel room for days while threatening his family . In what Philadelphia 's police commissioner described as one of the worst cases of corruption , the six officers were arrested Wednesday on a range of charges , including conspiracy , robbery , extortion , kidnapping and drug dealing . The case centers on a six-year scheme in which they allegedly pocketed $ 500,000 in drugs , cash and personal property , including Rolex watches and designer suits , authorities said . The officers -- identified as Thomas Liciardello , 38 ; Brian Reynolds , 43 ; Michael Spicer , 46 ; Perry Betts , 46 ; Linwood Norman , 46 ; and John Speiser , 44 -- were arrested at their homes , authorities said . They were members of Philadelphia Police Department 's narcotics field unit . Attempts to contact the officers for comment were unsuccessful . It was unclear whether they have hired lawyers . The arrests came after a nearly two-year joint investigation by the FBI , federal prosecutors and Philadelphia Police internal affairs unit , said U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger said . The suspects were named in a 42-page indictment unsealed on Wednesday . "  I have been a police officer for more than 40 years , and this is one of the worst cases of corruption that I have ever heard , " Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey told reporters . Memeger said the officers allegedly engaged in an array of criminal activities , including beatings , threats to shoot a suspect , entering homes without warrants for the purpose of stealing money and drugs , and the distribution of narcotics . "  The reprehensible conduct alleged to have been committed by the six charged officers tarnishes the badge held by the thousands of officers who currently serve -- and have previously served -- this city with distinction , " Memeger told reporters . The officers often filed false police reports to conceal their activities , Memeger said . Investigators used information provided by Jeffrey Walker , a former member of the narcotics unit , to build a case against the officers , Ramsey said . In May 2013 , Walker was arrested on charges of robbery , extortion and using his position as a police officer to commit criminal acts , according to a criminal complaint . Walker pleaded guilty to robbery charges and will be sentenced on November 4 , according to Patty Hartman , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office . He faces up to 10 years in prison . Investigators corroborated information provided by Walker to indict the six officers , authorities said . The six officers were pulled off the street and removed from narcotics investigations after the district Attorney 's Office informed the police commissioner that their testimony could no longer be used in cases , Ramsey said . The officers were not fired at the time in an effort to avoid jeopardizing the ongoing investigation , Ramsey said . The Philadelphia District Attorney 's Office is reviewing previous convictions involving the six officers , according to a statement . The office said it has no open cases involving Liciardello , Reynolds , Spicer , Betts and Speiser at this time . Cases involving Norman will be reviewed for the relevant period . If convicted , the officers could face between 40 years and life in prison , according to Memeger . Puerto Rican police indicted for running ` criminal organization ' San Francisco corruption probe ensnares five cops and one retired officer	Six officers arrested were members of the Philadelphia PD 's narcotics field unit Federal prosecutors accuse the officers of robbing , extorting and kidnapping drug dealers The arrests were based on information from a former officer who was also charged
CNN  -- SPECIAL EDITION REPEAT SHOW EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW with Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum , Ruler of Dubai and Prime Minister of the UAE . From the region 's largest airport , the largest airline and the largest trade port , in the past two decades , Dubai has created a name for itself in finance , tourism and logistics . The past six months have included a whole different set of challenges . It has restructured $ 23.5 billion of Dubai World 's debt and is now dealing with the debt of other companies . In an exclusive interview , MME sat down with the Ruler of Dubai and Prime Minister of the UAE Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1745 Saturday : 0445 Sunday : 0615,1745	Dubai has created a name for itself in finance , tourism and logistics Dubai has restructured $ 23.5 billion of Dubai World 's debt It 's now dealing with the debt of other companies
London , England  CNN  -- The former husband of alleged Russian spy Anna Chapman said her personality changed after she started having "  secretive meetings " with Russian friends a few years ago . Alex Chapman told The Daily Telegraph newspaper he "  hardly knew her anymore " after she became involved with shadowy contacts . Anna Chapman also confided to her husband that her father , Vasily , had been a senior KGB agent . The Chapmans met at a London rave or party in 2001 , when Alex Chapman , then 21 , saw her across the dance floor and told her she was "  the most beautiful girl " he had ever seen . She was 19 . They married six months later . Her "  carefree " bohemian lifestyle soon changed , however , he told the paper , and she became obsessed with money and moving to America . "  It was like someone having a midlife crisis , but in their 20s , " Chapman told the paper . "  She would arrange to go out , but when I said I would join her , she told me not to bother because they would all be speaking Russian . She was adamant I was n't to meet them . " Chapman said he had suspicions she was being "  conditioned " by shadowy contacts by the time their marriage broke down in 2005 . "  She had never been materialistic during the years we were together , but in 2005 and 2006 , after she started having these meetings with people she referred to as ` Russian friends , ' she was transformed into someone with access to a lot of money , boasting about all the influential people she was meeting . " There was such a "  dramatic change " in her thoughts and behavior that "  I felt I hardly knew her anymore , " he said . Chapman is one of 10 suspects arrested this week in the States as part of an alleged Russian spy ring . She was denied bail and has her next hearing July 27 . The suspects were "  trained Russian intelligence operatives , " a U.S. Justice Department spokesman said , and information from court documents alleged they were part of a mission to plant "  deep-cover " agents in the United States . The Justice Department said the suspects were supposed to recruit intelligence agents , but were not directly involved in obtaining U.S. secrets themselves . They were charged with acting as agents of a foreign government , and nine also were charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering . The case resulted from a "  multiyear investigation " conducted by the FBI , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Justice Department 's National Security Division , according to a Justice Department statement . Chapman and another suspect , Mikhail Semenko , allegedly conducted the private wireless computer links to communicate with a Russian government official , one court document alleged . In one instance , Chapman was in a bookshop and the Russian government official drove by in a van to make the wireless connection , the document said . Wednesday , a Security Service officer visited Alex Chapman at his current home in Bournemouth , England , to question him about his ex-wife , the Telegraph reported . The officer wanted to know whether Anna Chapman could have been recruited in London or even spied on Britain while she lived there , the paper said . Alex Chapman met his former father-in-law for the first time during the couple 's delayed honeymoon to Africa in 2002 , he said . "  Her dad was scary , " he said . "  He was very concerned about which direction my life was going , how I was going to earn my money . Anna told me he worked as a diplomat for the Russian government . It was only much later that she told me he had been a KGB agent . " The Chapmans remained close after their divorce in 2006 , the Telegraph reported , and Alex Chapman "  watched with bemusement " as his former spouse achieved success in America . "  She had always said she did n't like America , " Chapman told the paper . "  She did n't like their accents and would always imitate them when American TV shows were on . "  In late 2006 she went back to Russia and said she was staying there for good , but then all of a sudden she wanted to go to America . She started seeing a very rich American guy who took her to the States , and when she came back , she said she loved it . " Anna Chapman told her ex-husband she was having trouble making her Internet real estate agency a success , he said , but the business suddenly flourished last year and she was employing 50 people . "  Clearly a lot of money had been pumped into the business from somewhere , but I could n't work it out , " he said . Anna Chapman "  seemed distant " when he last spoke to her four weeks ago , Alex Chapman told the paper . "  I thought I knew her , but she has taken this path I do n't believe she consciously knew she was going down , " he said . "  I believe in my heart there has been some sort of influence on her , some sort of conditioning . Then , when push came to shove , she found herself in a situation she could n't get out of . "	Alex Chapman tells newspaper he "  hardly knew her anymore " The couple met in London in 2001 After they were married , she became obsessed with money , he says Husband : She was being "  conditioned " by shadowy contacts
Lahore  CNN  -- Nawaz Sharif , the prime minister whose government was overthrown by a military coup more than a decade ago , appears to be back on top in Pakistan , election officials said Sunday . According to unofficial results in Pakistan 's violence-marred election , Sharif 's party looks to have won most of the seats in the National Assembly . It won 16 of the 23 seats in the lower house , election officials said . Imran Khan , candidate for the Tehreek-e-Insaf  Movement for Justice  party , said the elections were rigged . "  Police  were  used , and how the -- the staff of the Election Commission were used , " he said . "  And unfortunately it 's because the provincial governments were in power right up till 20 days before the elections -- so they had plenty of time to place their people . " Still , democracy moved forward , he said . "  But I 'm very optimistic that the foundation of what we call the new Pakistan has been laid , " he said . "  Pakistan will never be the same again . ... Because of the youth participation and female participation , we have seen incredible scenes at this -- vibrancy at this -- in the elections . " His party won four seats in the lower house , election officials said . Further election results were not immediately available . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called the election a historic democratic step . "  The Pakistani people stood up resiliently to threats by violent extremists , " he said . "  We 'll be working with the new government to advance shared interests including a peaceful , more prosperous and stable future for Pakistan and the region . " Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh tweeted his congratulations to Sharif and the Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz party on their "  emphatic victory . " Saturday 's voting saw bursts of deadly violence aimed at polling stations that failed to deter Pakistanis keen to have their say in landmark national and provincial elections . Voter turnout was nearly 60 % , the chief election commissioner said early Sunday . Many were voting for the first time . The national election marks the first transition between civilian governments in the nation 's 66-year history . In its short existence , Pakistan has experienced three military coups and been ruled by generals for half its life . It remains mired in political turmoil . In March , the democratically elected government finished serving a full five-year term , paving the way for the elections . Street parties erupted in the cities of Lahore and Peshawar early Sunday , with hundreds of people celebrating even before the results of the vote were in . In his stronghold of Lahore , Sharif said he was confident his party will form the next government . He said he hopes his party won enough seats to form a government on its own but that he is willing to work with others to solve the country 's problems . The Election Commission extended polling hours in some constituencies in the southern city of Karachi , where there were complaints about the vote . The Election Commission secretary , Ishtiak Ahmed Khan , told a news conference the election was free and fair across much of the country , despite the problems in Karachi . Aside from claims of irregularities , four blasts hit Karachi as people voted , killing 14 people and wounding dozens . Across the country , 29 people were killed in Election Day violence . Despite pre-election attacks , voters lined up at dawn at polling stations nationwide , eager to send off the caretaker government put in place in March . "  This is the first time I am voting and I am 60 ; I want change , " said Shaheen Khan , who was at a polling station in Karachi , the nation 's largest city . "  There were thousands of people when I came . ... The queue was so long , people in wheelchairs and crutches all waiting to vote . " Waits of three hours or more were reported at some polling stations . Election officials also reported delays in opening at some polls , the official Associated Press of Pakistan news agency reported . A statement from the office of interim Prime Minister Mir Hazar Khan Khoso thanked the people of Pakistan for "  coming out in huge numbers " to vote , as well as everyone involved in participating in and organizing the elections . He voiced "  confidence that the next phase of counting of votes will also be completed smoothly , " and reiterated the determination of the caretaker government to hand over power to the winners without delay . More vote-rigging claims The leader of the governing Pakistan People 's Party , Taj Haider , alleged vote rigging in some constituencies in Sindh province and its capital , Karachi , in a news conference broadcast by CNN affiliate Geo TV . Haider called on the country 's Election Commission to hold a new vote in the affected constituencies . Leaders of the Sindh-based Muttahida Quami Movement , one of Pakistan 's largest and most liberal parties , told reporters that they would boycott the elections over allegations of rigging . The Sunni Ittehad Council and Jamaat-e-Islami parties also announced a boycott , Geo TV reported . Many Pakistanis hope the polls will usher in reform in a country battling issues including corruption , a struggling economy and security threats . President Asif Ali Zardari condemned Saturday 's election violence but said the militants ' "  cowardly acts " would not stop people from exercising their right to vote . An open letter from Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani schoolgirl who was attacked by the Taliban last year for her efforts to promote girls ' education , urged everyone , and particularly women , to use their votes . "  If we want education , electricity and natural gas in our country , we must take a step , " said her letter , published by Pakistan 's Dawn website . "  Let 's vote for our country . We never realized how much powerful our vote is . One vote can change our country . " Blasts target voters In some cities , the insecurity was evident Saturday . Two of the blasts in Karachi targeted the Awami National Party office , killing 11 and wounding 36 , said Naeem Shah , a spokesman for Karachi police . A third explosion was in the Karachi suburb of Landhi . It killed three people and wounded nine , according to the deputy commissioner of Malir district , Qazi Jan Mohammed . Voting continued afterward , he said . A fourth explosion , which wounded four people , was in the Peerabad area of Karachi , Shah said . Fakhruddin Ebrahim , the chief election commissioner for Pakistan , said he contacted the military over security concerns in Karachi and the harassment of polling station staff in the city . He said polling material was stolen in several areas . Eleven people were killed in two separate bombings in Pakistan 's volatile Balochistan province , district police officer Allauddin Kasi said . One of the attacks was on a vehicle carrying voters who had cast their ballots , he said . Another targeted independent candidate Khadim Shah , the prime minister 's office said in a statement condemning the bombing . Elsewhere in Balochistan , at least four people were killed and eight injured in a clash between two groups at a polling station , police official Sardar Muhammad said . In another incident , 12 Awami National Party supporters were hurt by a hand grenade thrown at a party electoral office in Quetta , said Syed Mobeen Ahmed , a deputy inspector general of police . Brig. Muhammad Abdur Raheem , the military spokesman for Balochistan , said polling still went well in the province apart from interruptions caused by a few incidents . There was a good turnout , including by women voters , he said . In the northwestern city of Peshawar , 12 people , children among them , were wounded when a bomb exploded at a polling station in a school , said Habibullah Arif , a local deputy commissioner . Record numbers Of the 86 million voters registered to cast ballots , there were 36 million new voters , according to the Election Commission of Pakistan . There are more than twice as many women candidates as five years ago , with 161 running , compared with the 64 who contested the 2008 poll , according to the United Nations . As the nation makes the transition after years of mostly military rulers , the economic , political and security situation remains unstable . As well as high inflation and poverty rates , Pakistan has seen outbreaks of violence , in some cases by Islamic extremists . Since April , the Taliban in Pakistan have killed dozens in attacks on the three main political parties . Many urban voters and parties regard resurgent fundamentalism as one of the country 's biggest threats . More than 600,000 security personnel were deployed nationwide leading up to the election , Information Minister Arif Nizami said Friday . Pakistan 's army , which helped deliver 650 tons of ballots to polling stations , deployed 91,000 troops around the country , a military spokesman said . Fractured nation The ruling Pakistan People 's Party is led by Bilawal Bhutto Zardari , the son of assassinated former prime minister and party leader Benazir Bhutto . While his party became the first civilian government to complete a full five-year term -- the three governments after the death in 1988 of military strongman Zia ul-Haq were all brought down by the army -- its legacy is a deeply fractured country with a faltering economy . The party 's main opposition came from Sharif 's Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz . One of the country 's leading industrialists and richest men , Sharif has been prime minister twice before and was overthrown in a coup when Gen. Pervez Musharraf seized power in 1999 . His party -- Pakistan 's second largest -- believes it would have won elections in 2008 had the assassination of Bhutto not given a massive boost to the ruling party . Another contender was Khan , a former cricket star and heartthrob . Not in contention is Musharraf , who returned in March from four years of self-imposed exile to take part in the elections . A court banned him from taking part in politics and his party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , announced a boycott . Musharraf and his allies were n't the only ones upset with Pakistan 's leadership ahead of the election . The New York Times "  strongly protested " the expulsion of its Islamabad bureau chief -- an order that Declan Walsh received at 12:30 a.m. local time , at his home . The Committee to Protect Journalists joined the Times in slamming the move , with its Asia program coordinator Bob Dietz saying "  it shows just how much the authorities fear independent media coverage . " CNN 's Saima Mohsin reported from Lahore and Aliza Kassim from Atlanta , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Nasir Habib , Shaan Khan , Saska Vandoorne , Jessica King and Greg Botelho , and journalist Imran Javaid contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. looks forward to working with new government , secretary of state says Former prime minister 's party appears to have won most seats in National Assembly Other candidates allege there were instances of voting improprieties Attacks on polling stations cause death and injury in Karachi , Peshawar and Balochistan
CNN  -- A tractor-trailer slammed into a school bus driven by the mayor of a Louisiana town Friday morning , critically injuring two children . Twenty-one children -- ranging in age from 5 to 17 -- were on the St. Landry Parish school bus when it was hit while pulling back onto a highway in central Louisiana , Louisiana State Police said in a news release . Earlier Friday state police indicated that the crash left three children -- ages 5 and 15 , plus one more whose age was unknown -- in critical condition . As of 5 p.m. , Port Barre High School Principal William Duplechain said , 19 students had been treated and released from hospitals , and two remained in critical condition . They included a kindergarten student , who was unresponsive , according to the principal . The other was a middle-schooler who was placed in a medically induced coma so surgeons could operate on his broken leg . Gil Savoy , a substitute bus driver , was driving the students when the accident occurred , Port Barre Town Clerk Toria Comeaux said . Savoy is the mayor of Port Barre , a community of about 2,400 people some 30 miles north of Lafayette . He had pulled over on the side of U.S. 190 and , after all the students had boarded , began to slowly move forward "  with all of his warning devices still activated , " according to Louisiana State Police . At that point , an 18-wheel truck driven by David Cox , 52 , of Dallas , Texas , rammed into the bus from behind , police said . Comeaux said that the truck , which she was driving behind , had debris coming off it at the time of the crash . Both Savoy and Cox suffered minor injuries , with "  routine toxicology samples " taken from both , the state police said . No one has been charged , and the investigation is ongoing . Video from CNN affiliates KLFY and KATC showed severe damage to the back of the bus and to the tractor-trailer 's front . Anthony Standberry , a St. Landry Parish school board member , told KLFY that the speed limit on that stretch of U.S. 190 is 65 mph . He said he favors working with parents and school officials to remove all bus stops along major highways . CNN 's Max Newfield and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : 21 children were on a Louisiana bus when it was hit from behind Friday NEW : The bus , driven by the town 's mayor , had picked up kids alongside a highway At least two students are critically injured
CNN  -- Police in Europe and South America have arrested 25 alleged members of the "  Anonymous " hacking group , Interpol said , amid a suspected attack on its own website by the group 's supporters . The arrests include four people in Spain , 10 in Argentina , six in Chile and five in Colombia as part of a worldwide sweep carried out as part of Interpol operation "  Exposure . " Interpol did not immediately announce charges against the 25 . After Interpol announced the attacks , its website failed to load , a fact acknowledged by Anonymous on Twitter with the message "  interpol.int DOWN . " Who or what is Anonymous ? The Spanish police website also failed to load after it announced police had arrested four people in the country as part of the international action . Spanish police said the four suspects were accused of carrying out denial of service attacks , defacing the websites of political parties , institutions and companies , as well as publishing personal information relating to high-profile figures . One of those arrested was a 16-year-old girl , who was allegedly part of international "  sector 404 , " a hacking group which is believed to be linked to the attacks claimed by Anonymous . Police said the girl had been released to the custody of her parents . Two of the others had been detained , while the third was released on bail , police said . Anonymous made headlines in 2010 when it carried out distributed denial of service or DDOS attacks targeting MasterCard , Visa and PayPal websites . DDOS is a kind of network stress test in which each attacker gives consent to have his or her computer linked to a bot net . The force of all those computers working together , focused on one site , overwhelms the targeted site 's server and consequently disrupts or takes the site down . At the time , Anonymous claimed that it was lashing out at the corporations because they had stopped doing business with WikiLeaks , the publisher huge tranches of confidential information under the leadership of founder and editor Julian Assange . Since then , the group has claimed responsibility for a number of attacks , notably claiming that it attacked government websites in Tunisia and Egypt as a way to show support for protesters during Arab Spring uprisings . A video -- laced with Anonymous ' typical computer-voiceover -- appeared online during the January 2011 revolution . It threatened Egyptian authorities if they attempted to censor Internet access and other freedoms . "  Anonymous is you . You will not be denied your right to free speech , free press , free association and your universal right to freely access information both in real life and on the Internet , " the voice said . Anonymous had a hand in organizing and agitating in the Occupy movement throughout 2011 . Protesters have been seen at Occupy demonstrations across the globe wearing Anonymous ' distinctive Guy Fawkes mask . This year , the group claimed to have posted an internal FBI conference call discussing investigations into Anonymous . It also posted e-mails that it claimed were from an adviser to the Syrian president , suggesting how Bashar al-Assad could downplay violence in the country when he was interviewed by Barbara Walters last summer . CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report	Interpol website suffers suspected attack after "  Anonymous " arrests 25 suspected members of the hacking group arrested worldwide Four arrested in Spain including a 16-year-old girl Spanish police website also down after statement issued
CNN  After 32 games , 23 days and one drawn lot , it 's all over . A dramatic 9-8 penalty shootout alleviated a turgid scoreless draw , but after a 23-year wait Ivory Coast will not care how they secured the silverware . The unlikely hero of the evening was Boubacar Barry , Ivory Coast 's hitherto reserve goalkeeper , only promoted to the team after an injury side-lined first choice Sylvain Gbohouo . After saving two penalties , he slotted the winning kick against his opposite number , sending the West African nation into raptures . It was a bizarre and beguiling night of football in Equatorial Guinea , but the festivities were not contained to the Estadio de Bata . Millions around the world , including players past and present , took to social media to share their despair and jubilation . Here , we have compiled the juiciest online outbursts as we reflect on this , the morning after the night before . The importance of the occasion could not be understated . But an utterly uncompelling 120 minutes of football gifted few highlights . Fans were impatient . As open play drew to a close the painful inevitability of penalties awaited . Ivory Coast 's Gervinho , subbed in the dying moments of extra time and knowing he would play no further part , could n't bring himself to watch the shootout . Sitting despondently in a plastic chair , the internet turned on the Ivorian striker and reacted in the only way it knows how : a meme . Both teams missed two penalties apiece , calling forth the dreaded sudden death . With the late drama , all was forgiven according to ESPN . Neutrals reveled in the late drama . With all outfield players having stepped up , it was down to the goalkeepers . Tom Gann was at hand to provide a Marxist reading of the situation . As Boubacar Barry broke the deadlock , Ivory Coast legend Didier Drogba reacted to the moment . With the help of The Simpson 's Jasper Beardly , one parody account summed by the absurdity of the situation . Wyclef Jean of The Fugees was quick to offer both his congratulations and commiserations . Ghanaian recording artist M.anifest was despairing . The post-match analysis was swift and cutting , some suggesting the Ghanaians could have done with a little more training and a little less of this : The Black Cats ' John Mensah was magnanimous in defeat ... ... And the hero Boubacar Barry was humble in victory . There were consequences for ex-Ghana player Samuel Kuffour , who bet his team would win . Ivory Coast ' Salomon Kalou pointed to the long path he and his captain Yaya Toure had taken to victory . And fans felt the same . But after 23 years of hurt , the journey was complete . Read the full match report Read more from CNN Sport	Ivory Coast beat Ghana in penalties to win the Africa Cup of Nations This was the first AFCON title for the west African nation in 23 years Check out the reaction on social media during and after the dramatic match
CNN  -- After the vote in the House of Representatives to slash the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , I wrote a column against cutting food stamps . This column generated more than 5,200 online comments and hundreds of e-mails . Comments reflected , not surprisingly , the tone and tenor of the political debate : a lot of partisan passion , some mutual understanding , animosity based on stereotypes and a lot of misinformation . I would like to address some of the typical concerns that were expressed . For example , "  Willis CurryFans " wrote , "  These wealthy Republicans spend a lot of time RUNNING from the typical black person this affects . If they came and visited some of these neighborhoods , they would see folks that they KNOW they wo n't give a job to . " But who are the people using food stamps ? They 're us . The Census Bureau , which gathers statistics house by house , reports that Americans on food stamps are 49 % white , 26 % African-American and 20 % Hispanic . The Pew Research Center , a nonprofit polling firm , found in a July survey that self-identified liberals , moderates and conservatives who receive food stamps are in a statistical tie . A lot of people who commented on the column wanted to regulate what foodstuffs program participants can buy -- often not realizing that alcohol and prepared foods are banned . And many respondents bashed food stamp recipients , declaring they should "  get a job , " "  stop having kids on my dime " or giving a variation on such cliches . "  Chiefpr " writes to one reader who 's been out of work : "  Get training to better yourself and DO NOT have kids until you can feed them . But do not demand I do all that and support you ... " But the truth refutes the cliches : Feeding America says participation in SNAP , or the food stamp program , "  historically follows unemployment with a slight lag . " Unemployment increases food stamp rolls , not people with children who go looking for aid . And unemployment has been abnormally high because of the recession that began under the previous president . In fact , USA Today found that "  under President George W. Bush , the number of recipients rose by nearly 14.7 million . Nothing before comes close to that . " With employment increasing , "  the Congressional Budget Offices projects SNAP participation to begin declining in 2015 . " Shaun Kirkpatrick commented : "  There was a work requirement for welfare . Bill Clinton did that during his welfare reform that most working people applauded . To make sure he got the votes and make Republicans look greedy and evil , Obama removed the work requirement ... " Kirkpatrick 's perception is prevalent on the Web . But that information comes from a 2012 Mitt Romney political ad that got it dead wrong . Obama actually encouraged the states to strengthen their work requirements . Also , of course , welfare is not the same as food stamps . As for food stamps , more than 72 % of all SNAP beneficiaries are families with children . Most of the recipients are children  48 %  , the elderly  8 %  and the disabled . Less than 10 % of food stamp recipients receive welfare payments . "  John in WNY " wrote , "  Yes , many do work , but many of them make sure they never make enough to lose their benefits ... " Again , the facts refute the assumption . SNAP has strict time limits for unemployed workers : Able-bodied adults without children can only get three months worth of food stamps in a three-year period , unless working in a qualifying job training program . And how much are the benefits , anyway ? The average monthly SNAP benefit per person is $ 133.85 , or less than $ 1.50 per person per meal . Those benefits are low , and for many families , SNAP benefits do n't last the whole month . Why do we need to support the food stamp program ? Because low-income families experience unemployment at a far higher rate than other income groups . Because cutting nutritional assistance programs is immoral and shortsighted and protecting families from hunger improves their health and educational outcomes . Food stamps are an investment in our future . Being on food stamps can be demeaning . Cashiers know the difference between the new plastic SNAP cards and a credit card . Some food stamp recipients say some cashiers have made them feel uncomfortable and embarrassed . Maybe we should focus on rewards rather than punishments . Behavioral psychologists say that 's more effective . Why not add benefits for making healthy food choices , provide a transition bonus for getting off food stamps or increase job training opportunities and income -- raising minimum wage ? Doing so takes courage , compassion and believing in "  We , the people . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile says her column on food stamps got tons of comments , many misinformed Brazile : Recipients are 49 % white , 26 % black , 20 % Hispanic ; conservative and liberal Joblessness fuels food stamp use , she says ; most funds go to children and elderly Brazile : We need compassion , courage to improve program with incentives , job training
CNN  -- Forget the applications like video and audio streaming , or the built-in speakers . The most noteworthy feature of Google 's new Nexus Q device may be this : It 's made in the United States . When Google rolled out the device at its developers conference in San Jose , California , on Wednesday , reporters noticed the words "  Designed and Manufactured in the U.S.A. " etched onto the bottom . The gadget , about the size and shape of a Magic 8 Ball , is billed by Google as "  the first social streaming player . " It can be connected to a TV , has its own speakers , and can stream music and video from the cloud as well as connect an Android tablet or phone with home electronics . Google has n't played up its origin , even though the vast majority of electronics are manufactured in China or other countries where labor is cheaper than in the U.S. . A Google spokeswoman did not immediately reply to a message seeking comment for this story . But The New York Times reported Thursday that it had been given a brief tour of the plant , which it says is about 15 minutes from Google 's headquarters in Mountain View , California , and that "  hundreds " of employees appear to work making the Nexus Q . The tour was given on condition that the Times not report the factory 's exact location . "  We 've been absent  from the U.S.  for so long , we decided , why do n't we try it and see what happens ? " Andy Rubin , Google 's vice president in charge of the company 's Android operating system , told the Times . Electronics companies , like those in many other sectors , for years have flocked to China to take advantage of cheap labor costs and loose business regulations . Most famously , Apple has appeared in headlines over its relationship with Foxconn , the Chinese manufacturer that makes its iPads and iPhones . Foxconn has been accused of unsafe and unfair working conditions in recent years . Apple has announced it 's working to improve conditions at its supply-chain plants , and CEO Tim Cook visited a Foxconn factory earlier this year . But as wages and other costs begin to increase in China , a handful of mostly smaller companies has begun bringing those jobs back to the States . Late last year , an analysis by the Boston Consulting Group predicted that 2015 will be a "  tipping point " when it will make more sense for many industries to keep their plants closer to home . "  A surprising amount of work that rushed to China over the past decade could soon start to come back -- and the economic impact could be significant , " said Harold L. Sirkin , a senior partner and lead author of the analysis . "  We 're on record predicting a U.S. manufacturing renaissance starting by around 2015 . " The analysis predicts lower-tech manufacturing like textiles and apparel will stay overseas , while more complex products , like electronics and automobiles , might be more likely to be made in the United States .	Google 's new Nexus Q media device is manufactured in the United States Report says plant is in California and employs hundreds of people Vast majority of electronic gadgets are built in China or other countries with cheap labor The Nexus Q streams music and video using an Android mobile device
Six-year-old Jayden David violently shakes on the ground , his blue eyes vacant and then filled with searing pain . The video shows an unvarnished look at a seizure , something Jayden once experienced routinely . Not anymore , says his father , thanks to medical marijuana . Before he started taking a liquid , nonpsychoactive form of marijuana , Jayden could n't walk , eat solid food or take a bath . He has Dravet 's syndrome , a rare and catastrophic form of childhood epilepsy . It has triggered seizures so frequent that 44 times he has been rushed to the hospital in an ambulance , his distraught father by his side . Jayden 's doctors prescribed 22 anti-seizure pills a day , which controlled the seizures but left him immobilized due to the side effects . "  He 's in pain and suffering and crying , " said Jayden 's father , Jason David . "  You ca n't help him no matter what . What are you supposed to do ? You have to do whatever it takes to save their life . " Last year , he had enough . Delirious with fatigue and emotional pain , Jason David called his mother to say he wanted to put a gun to his head , just to end the heartbreak of seeing his son suffer . His mother convinced him to not give up . David turned to something he had seen on television : medical marijuana . On June 4 , 2011 , David gave his son marijuana . For the first time since Jayden was 4 months old , the boy went through an entire day without a seizure . "  Instead of medical marijuana , this is miracle marijuana , " said David , holding up a jam jar full of liquefied and cooled cannabis . Jayden is not just walking , he 's running . He plays at a park , climbing up and down the steps of the jungle gym . He swims at his local pool , splashing in the water with his father and other children . He loves to go to Fuddruckers to dig into his favorite food , a cheeseburger with mushrooms . His father has begun to wean him off the powerful pharmaceutical pills , which he believes have kept his son from developing properly . Children and medical marijuana The liquid , nonpsychoactive form of marijuana that Jayden takes ensures the boy does n't get "  high . " In a laboratory , the marijuana is distilled down to mostly cannabidiols , which advocates say is the potent medicinal value of the drug . Harborside Health Center , a medical marijuana clinic in Oakland , California , helped create the original tincture Jayden took . The center still analyzes and tests the marijuana before David administers it to his son . Harborside says it helps a number of child patients , including Jayden , whose parents legally obtain the marijuana . "  Parents do n't want to bring their children to something controversial like cannabis , " says Harborside 's executive director , Steven DeAngelo . "  They do it reluctantly , and they do it because they 're at their wit 's end . " Eighteen states have legalized marijuana for medicinal uses or limited personal use . California , which has the nation 's largest number of registered users , does not keep demographic data on its registrants . But Colorado has 45 registered users under age 18 , Oregon reports 56 child users and Montana has 55 . DeAngelo says children with severe autism , epilepsy , ADHD and cancer can be helped by medicinal marijuana . But those sick children , says DeAngelo , often face barriers to accessing marijuana . "  What I worry about are the thousands and thousands of children like Jayden who are suffering unnecessarily , who I know we could help , " he says . "  The only thing separating them from help are outdated rules that need to be changed . " Those rules are at the federal level , where marijuana remains illegal . Highs and lows of using marijuana Dr. Seth Ammerman , a pediatrician and specialist in adolescent substance addiction , acknowledges anecdotal reports like Jayden 's remarkable turnaround . But he warns that a parent is "  flying by the seat of his or her pants " when it comes to treating children with marijuana . "  I do think there 's potential for these cannabinoids to be medically relevant , but at this time we do n't know the risks , " says Ammerman . Because marijuana is illegal at the federal level , the government has n't conducted any thorough research on the possible medicinal benefits . Ammerman is in favor of federal testing , but without it , he says marijuana is too risky to administer to children . "  We do n't know if these treatments are going to work for every given child , or every given adolescent . There may well be serious side effects . " David says he 'd pit his son 's progress on medical marijuana against any pharmaceutical drug that currently treats Dravet 's syndrome . What drives him , he says , is the hope that his boy will one day say , "  I love you , " something David says a thousand times a day to his son . While we 're present , Jayden says something close to "  I love you . " His father 's face lights up . "  That 's all I want to hear , " says David . He hugs his son . "  I 'm really close . "	Jayden David suffers from a rare form of childhood epilepsy The 6-year-old suffered from frequent , violent seizures At wit 's end , his father gave him a liquid , nonpsychoactive form of cannabis For more than a year , it has helped stem his seizures
WIRED  -- Oh sure , Boeing 's new 787 Dreamliner is made of composite materials and it 's super fuel efficient , but unless you own an airline , the only thing you care about is how comfortable it is . Boeing knows this , and has striven to give passengers an experience unlike any other airplane . The aerospace company decided an all-new airplane needs an all-new interior and went all-out to make the 787 's interior as innovative as its airframe , aerodynamics and engines . From the air you breath to the turbulence you  wo n't  feel to the windows you look through , the passenger experience promises to provide something new at every stage of your flight . "  When you go inside a 787 mockup , you get this ` wow ! ' " said airline analyst Scott Hamilton , who got to see a demo interior at Boeing 's facility near Seattle . You know the 787 is something different the moment you step inside . Boeing wastes no time giving passengers a new experience . As soon as you board the Dreamliner , you 're greeted by an open area just inside the door . The ceiling resembles a skylight , complete with blue LED lighting that mimics the sky . "  They 've designed this kind of lounge area instead of coming in next to a galley , " Hamilton says . "  It really gives you a welcoming area instead of entering into somebody 's kitchen . " Of course , it 's up to the airlines buying the planes to decide what you see , and some of them may well modify the boarding area and other features of the plane . But even if they muck it up completely , there 's still a lot of "  wow " in the 787 cabin . The onboard lighting is one of the coolest features . Anyone who has flown across more than a couple of time zones knows how difficult it is to sleep , and to be awakened with the flick of a switch that floods the cabin in fluorescent white light . Boeing 's LEDs allow the crew to adjust the lighting to match different phases of the flight . The light is fairly standard during boarding and while cruising . During meals it is adjusted to warmer tones . Once you 're done eating and want to tilt the seat back and relax , the cabin can be bathed in a relaxing lavender hue . When it 's time to sleep , the lights are turned way down . But it 's how the crew wakes you that 's the best part of the Dreamliner 's lighting . Instead of flicking the lights on and flooding the cabin in light , the cabin will brighten slowly , with the light transitioning from the purples and oranges of a sunrise to yellows , and eventually white against a blue sky . Boeing 's thought is mimicking the light schedule of your destination , some of the dreaded jet lag can be alleviated Sleep time brings up another innovation . Gone is that dreaded moment when , after you finally fall asleep , that passenger in the window seat raises the shade to make sure the Pacific Ocean is still there and fills the cabin with sunlight . The windows of the 787 do n't have shades . They use an electrochromic dimmable system . You can let in all the light you want -- or none at all -- at the flick of a switch . Of course , the crew has a master switch , so when it 's time to sleep , that guy in the window seat can only get just enough light to confirm the Pacific has n't gone anywhere without bothering everybody else . He 'll have a better view , too . The 787 's windows are 65 percent bigger than the windows in other planes . Boeing made them taller , so kids and NBA players can enjoy the same view as the average passenger . Boeing spent a lot of time focusing on how passengers perceive the cabin . Let 's face it : you 're sitting in a tube . It 's only so big -- the fuselage is 18 feet 11 inches wide -- and there 's only so much space you can use . Things are always a little more spacious in first class , but Boeing wanted to make sure even those of us crammed into coach feel like we have more room . To do that , Boeing 's designers gave the 787 an open , airy design . It 's another reason for the skylight-like lighting . "  The upper ceiling designs are arched in such a fashion that you get a much more open feeling than you do in a typical wide-body airplane , " Hamilton says . Even the overhead bins have been redesigned . To accommodate the trend of more carry-on bags due to baggage fees and the unwillingness of some passengers to part with their luggage , Boeing made the bins about 30 percent bigger . They 're easier to load because they lower when opened and tuck away when raised . That should be a big help for people who do n't understand what a carry-on should be and make it easier for the rest of us to stash our stuff and get out of the aisle . The composite structure of the 787 means the Dreamliner is lighter and more aerodynamic , which is a boon for airlines . But the composite construction means the airframe is n't prone to corrosion like aluminum . That means the crew can increase the humidity of the cabin , reducing that parched feeling you have after a long flight . And thanks again to the composite fuselage , the interior cabin pressure can be increased . This means the cabin will be pressurized to an altitude of 6,000 feet instead of the typical 8,000 feet . These combined factors should make breathing much more comfortable and lead to fewer headaches , fatigue and other health issues common to many passengers . Another factor that often leads to headaches and general annoyance is noise , especially if you 're sitting behind the engines . The new serrated engine nacelles on the 787 make the plane quieter -- both for passengers and those who live in the plane 's flight path . Even the fan blades inside the engine are designed to be quieter . One of the more innovative passenger comfort systems on the 787 is the computer-controlled turbulence-reduction system . Boeing claims the Smoother Ride Technology will provide an eight-fold reduction in the number of people experiencing motion sickness . Sensors throughout the airplane detect subtle changes in air pressure indicative of turbulence and direct the fly-by-wire flight controls to move flaperons on the wings to counter the vertical motion . It wo n't eliminate all the bumps , but Boeing says it will work especially well on the moderate turbulence that causes most airsickness . All of this technology puts the 787 well ahead of the competition , Hamilton says . He points out that if you only know the standard airline interior , you wo n't feel like you 're missing anything . But even the most modern of interiors in other airplanes does n't compare . "  Airbus had done a complete makeover of the A320 interior in 2007 , " Hamilton says . "  But it 's a conventional looking interior . It 's very good , but having been inside the 787 , you just get that ` wow ' factor . " And the new interiors will make the airlines happy as well . From the windows to the bathrooms and everything in between , the 787 interior is designed to be easier to clean and cheaper to repair or replace . The Dreamliner is two years overdue and Boeing has lost orders because of those delays . But Hamilton and others say once the flight test is finished and the first loads of passengers have flown on the new airplane , most of the bad memories should be erased . He says there are likely to be a few more hiccups between now and then , but is confident both the airlines and the flying public will appreciate the new design . "  Boeing is going to have a real winner on its hands , " he says . We 'll find out in nine months . That 's when Japan 's All Nippon Airways starts service with the first passenger carrying 787 . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Long-awaiting Boeing 787 Dreamliner promises to "  wow " passengers , analyst says Innovative lighting , airy quality , bigger windows , less turbulence among 787 benefits Airlines may modify features after buying planes , but public should still be pleased In nine months , Japan 's All Nippon Airways will start first 787 passenger flights
CNN  -- U.S. conservatives deeply admire Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper . In a March story , National Review hailed Harper as the new "  leader of the West " -- and they did n't mean Western Canada . The Wall Street Journal and The Weekly Standard have added their own praise . Well they might . Harper has achieved more from a weaker position than any conservative leader of recent times . A decade ago , Canada 's Conservatives were split between two antagonistic parties . Harper won the leadership of one of those parties , then negotiated a merger , with himself as leader of the united right . He then had to fight a rapid series of elections : In 2004 he reduced the once-dominant Liberals to minority status . In 2006 , he won just barely enough seats to form a minority government himself . He won a stronger minority in 2008 , but only in 2011 did he at last gain the secure majority he 'd sought for a decade . Under desperately precarious political circumstances -- and in the face of the worst global economic crisis since the 1930s -- Harper achieved remarkable things . Almost 1 million more Canadians are working today than before the financial crisis -- the best employment record in the Group of 7 . Incomes have recovered and surpassed pre-recession peaks . Canada 's national debt burden is lower than that of any other major economy -- and less than half that of the United States . Corporate tax rates are lower in Canada than in the United States , and on the present trajectory the same may soon be true of personal income taxes as well . How did Harper and his Conservatives do it ? Not the way that American conservatives are trying to do it . American conservatives have followed a radical path to repeated defeat . Canadian conservatives have followed an incremental path to accumulating success . Americans then might benefit as much as Canadians from reading "  The Longer I 'm Prime Minister , " a lively new book about the secrets of Harper 's survival and success , written by one of Canada 's leading political columnists , Paul Wells of Maclean 's magazine . The title plays off a joke Harper frequently tells on himself : "  The longer I 'm prime minister " -- pause for dramatic effect -- "  the longer I 'm prime minister . " It 's a joke based on a grim political reality : Twenty-one men and one woman have served as prime minister of Canada . Six of them have lasted less than a year . Three more lasted less than three years . On the other hand , five prime ministers served more than 10 years . If the 54-year-old Harper completes his current term , he will have served for nine years . One more win after that , and he will have joined the champions . "  My models are n't Conservative prime ministers , " Wells quotes Harper . "  My models are successful prime ministers . " Wells is not especially sympathetic to Harper 's politics or purposes . But he has invested the close attention necessary to understand them . As Wells explains , Harper 's first priority is to last . As Harper himself said in a 2004 speech that outlined his political program before a friendly audience , incremental gains are "  inevitably " the only real ones . Revolutionary projects almost always fail . "  The surest rebuttal Harper can offer to a half-century of Liberal hegemony , " Wells points out , "  is not to race around doing things the next Liberal could undo . " The better rebuttal , instead , is to build a counter-hegemony of one 's own . What could be more foolish than futile provocative actions that serve only to consolidate the other guy 's advantages ? American conservatives enamored of their bold programs may disdain Harper 's caution . Think again . "  Because he is temperamentally the most conservative Canadian prime minister of his lifetime , he will not ever run out of ideas for conservative things to do . So on any day he has a choice , he can do the big conservative thing that would be the end of his career , or he can do some of the small conservative things that wo n't . He is amazed that earlier leaders had a hard time choosing . " As Wells points out , however , a politician can accomplish a lot by the simple act of refraining from committing career suicide . "  How many decisions does a prime minister make in a day ? Sixty ? A hundred ? Almost none go reported . He does n't even have to keep most of them secret : the rush of events ensures they wo n't be noticed and assayed by the  press  gallery . As the 2011 election approached , Harper was approaching two thousand days in office . Imagine how different the outcome would have been if a different prime minister , with different assumptions , prejudices , and instincts had made those thousands of decisions . " Many U.S. Republicans argue that elections are won by boldly standing on principle . Sen. Ted Cruz articulated just that idea in his speech Friday to Iowa 's Ronald Reagan Dinner . He lauded the House Republicans who nearly pushed the nation into bankruptcy as "  a profile in courage who stood strong and listened to the American people . " In fact , of course , those House Republicans appalled and frightened the American people -- and badly damaged themselves in the process . After the worst miscalculation of his own career -- a failed maneuver that nearly brought down his government in 2008 -- Harper explained the lesson he 'd learned : Never surprise the voters . Do not outpace the consent they have granted . Lead from the front -- but never from very far in front . As for those bold "  Braveheart " speeches so cherished by conservatives these days ... they are to be avoided at all costs . Wells observes the Harper speechmaking operation close up : "  He works at removing memorable turns of phrase and identifiable ideas from his speeches . He puts great effort into flattening his prose . " Why ? "  All that stuff that sounds good in speeches -- ` We must , ' ' I will never , ' ` Mark my words ' -- all that becomes a line in the sand . It gets held against you later . So that stuff 's coming out . " I know Harper a little , and I can attest : It requires immense self-control to keep this relentlessly interesting intellect sounding dull . But politics is not a business for the self-indulgent . "  Observers looking for something to dislike get less fodder than they would if he were a loudmouth . " As I write , the Harper government is facing a moment of controversy . Harper appointees to the unelected upper chamber of the Canadian Parliament are accused of cheating on their expenses , and the opposition parties are making a familiar uproar over the familiar questions of what did the prime minister know and when did he know it . It 's all very exciting , and likely all very fleeting . What is lasting is governance . American conservatives should rediscover it -- and Wells ' entertaining and insightful study of North America 's most governance-minded conservative offers an excellent place to start . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Stephen Harper shows path U.S. conservatives should follow He says Canadian prime minister avoids "  Braveheart " speeches , bold policy shifts Canada has emerged strongly from world economic crisis , Frum writes Frum : By contrast , U.S. conservatives have appalled and frightened Americans
CNN  -- As last night 's Republican presidential debate over national security issues demonstrated , credibility is crucial to winning a debate . Think of credibility like money you have in a bank . Each time you stretch it thin , you have less the next time you might need it . It is your own personal bank of believability . Knowing your arguments and facts is one way to gain credibility . Mitt Romney fattened his credibility bank account at the expense of Rick Perry , who supported a no fly zone over Syria . Romney argued that a no fly zone over Syria would be pointless since the Syrian government has 5,000 tanks . Romney jokingly said it would make more sense to impose a "  no drive zone . " Jon Huntsman made a similar deposit when he stated that sanctions on Iran would not work since "  the Chinese are n't going to play ball and the Russians are n't going to play ball , " and Iran has already decided to go nuclear . Huntsman 's cited the examples of Libya  which gave up its nuclear ambition , and later the government was overthrown with the help of the United States  and North Korea  which has tested nuclear weapons and whose government is still in power . Another way to maintain credibility is to cite proof for your arguments . Michele Bachmann has said things in previous debates  President Obama wants Medicare to collapse  and in last night 's debate  suggesting that the CIA can not interrogate terrorist suspects any longer because the ACLU is in charge  that were not very credible . These frequent ATM withdrawals hurt Bachmann because a lack of believability spills over . Her disagreement with Rick Perry about whether to give aid to Pakistan should have been an excellent point for her . She showcased her knowledge of the subject , saying that we exchange intelligence information and the United States must have our interest represented . Bachmann called Pakistan "  too nuclear to fail , " and chastised Perry for being naÃ ¯ ve when he said he would not give Pakistan one penny until it proved it had America 's best interests in mind . This was a terrific answer that warranted applause because it was thoughtful , logical and well reasoned . What did she get ? Crickets . Why ? Because her believability bank is in the red . Ron Paul is an enigma . He can provide such thoughtful answers at one time and later interject completely unsubstantiated statements . He was banking responsibly with his argument that the war on drugs was a failure and a reason for much of the violence in Mexico . Paul reminded us that prescription drugs kill many more people than illegal drugs do and that alcohol is a deadly drug . Paul 's argument was factually accurate , even if unpopular with many conservatives . But then Paul writes an overdraft with moderate Republicans by saying things like aid to Africa for malaria or AIDS prevention is "  all worthless . " Paul hit the daily double . Unpopular answer ? Check . Wrong on facts ? Check . There are countless examples of disease prevention aid being effective . Could aid be more effective ? Sure . But that was not Paul 's answer . He simply asserted that aid is worthless , but he had no proof . Answering questions with non-answers simply is n't credible . For example , Herman Cain twice last night reached into a very old bag of tricks to answer questions with the standard "  I 'd consult the experts " line . Actually , he originally answered a question about terrorist profiling with his support of "  targeted identification . " But when asked a follow-up not 20 seconds later , he retreated by saying he would "  ask the professionals . " Nothing hurts your credibility worse than flip-flopping on the same question and diving into a non-answer . Cain 's bank account is probably under a thousand dollars . But that still leaves him 999 . Finally , to save credibility , you should be prepared to defend your position when giving a potentially unpopular answer . Newt Gingrich had two answers that the conservative wing of his party might not like , but he defended them well . Gingrich said it was possible to cut some of the military because , "  If it takes 15 to 20 years to build a weapons system when Apple changes technology every nine months , there 's something profoundly wrong with the system . " And Gingrich went against the Republican current when he stated that some long-term illegal immigrants should be allowed to stay legally , but without citizenship , in the United States . Romney and others said giving amnesty would be a magnet for more people to come illegally to the United States . Gingrich said we should be humane , and he was ready to take the heat for his stance . Gingrich has enough credibility banked because of his stances on other issues that he was able to withstand the criticism on this one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Todd Graham : Key currency in debates is your stock of credibility He says Mitt Romney , Jon Huntsman added to their credibility Credibility of Michele Bachmann , Rick Perry , Herman Cain running low , he says Graham : Newt Gingrich successfully defended unpopular stances
CNN  -- Dylan Harris ' latest venture in the tourist business has proved a resounding , if unlikely , success . A timely piece of good news too for the British travel agent from Wigan , an industrial town on the outskirts of Manchester , who has been keen to keep turnover strong in these austere times . It was always a bold business model : his company , Lupine Travel , specializes in holidays that normal people would n't dream of paying for , flying to destinations where even an innocent tourist could be suspected as a foreign agent . Iran used to be a popular resort for his customers . Ukraine too . But revenues fell when all their pre-booked tours to Chernobyl in July were cancelled following the government 's ban on visitors to the area . Caddies : The good , the bad and the outspoken The most captivating experience on offer though was the tour to North Korea . Harris hatched a plan to get more people interested in traveling to the last Stalinist enclave on earth : by setting up North Korea 's very first international amateur golf championship . "  Someone contacted me saying they were interested in playing the golf course of North Korea . I said there was absolutely no possibility what so ever of that happening , " Harris told CNN . The Korean crisis and the $ 74m course that nobody plays "  But I asked them -LSB- the North Korean authorities -RSB- anyway and they were interested . " North Korea 's golfing pedigree begins and ends with the oft-repeated legend that in 1994 that the DPRK 's leader Kim Jong Il hit a world record 38 , with five holes in one , at the Pyongyang Golf Course . Aside from being entirely false -- the course record is 73 shot by a local Korean golfer -- the game runs deeper than many would think with several courses to be found in the north . Along with the 18-hole Pyongyang Golf Course , and a nine hole course next to a hotel in the city , a $ 73 million championship course was built near the North-South border during calmer times . It was hoped that tourism could help bring valuable foreign currency north , whilst helping to mend relationships with the south . A pro-event was even held . As the political tensions heated up the course was abandoned , its empty fairways a metaphor for relations between the two countries . But Harris decided to go ahead with the inaugural 2011 DPRK Amateur Golf Open anyway . "  It is in the middle of the military range , so you get soldiers patrolling the fairways , " he explained . "  It 's 40 miles outside Pyongyang . The grass was a little bit longer than we were used to . It was inside a valley , with mountains all around . I do n't think many people use it . It has 80 members , mainly diplomatic staff . " A ramshackle field of 17 British , American , South African and Scandinavian golfers took part . More than 30 had applied , Harris explained , but several were dropped after it was discovered they were journalists . North Korea puts heavy restrictions on journalists entering the country . Reporters Without Border 's annual Press Freedom Index ranked North Korea 177 out of 178 counties , making it one of most repressive countries in the world to be a journalist . "  Originally I was trying to play golf in Cuba , Iran and North Korea , " explained 35-year-old Philadelphia-based computer programmer Warwick Poole , one of the 17 golfers who made the trip . "  I had an idea to play golf in these three countries for an adventure . Anywhere that has a poor reputation in the U.S. and see what golf was like over there . The list of unlikely places to play golf is diminishing . As the world opens up the list gets smaller and smaller every year . " Yet North Korea remains resolutely closed , making its first home-grown golf tournament all the more surprising . When Poole read about the tournament -- open to anyone that has an official handicap -- he thought it was a joke . But two months later he was getting on a train at the Chinese border headed for Pyongyang , terrified . "  I was so nervous about going in , " he recalled . "  I left instructions with my family that if I did n't contact them within a day they should start looking for me . " But after arriving in the capital , seeing the wide , car-less boulevards , empty cities and "  fields full of crops , being worked by hand , " he felt safe enough to stay . "  The course was n't in fantastic condition , not terrible . It was like a municipal course in a southern town to look at it . The greens were interesting . Because the North Koreans are loath to get any foreign input they have done greens how they think they should do it . They were quite hilly . The out of bounds were everywhere . " So severe were the out of bounds -- a bi-product of being built next to a military firing range -- that many found it difficult to stay on the course from one hole to the next . "  We had a team of female North Korean caddies who would applaud every shot , " said Warwick . "  I did n't play well . I shot 91 . I was nervous on the first tee . With the female caddies there were 40 people there . TV cameras , including a North Korean TV crew , were watching it . I hit my first tee shot out of bounds . " Alas , Poole did n't claim the the DPRK AGO 's first ever winner 's trophy . That honor was reserved for the Finnish golfer Olli Lehtonen , clinching the course record after shooting a respectable 72 . Now Harris believes that the tournament can help raise the profile of the sport in the country . "  There was one North Korean who played in it , the rest were watching it . It 's too expensive for most people . But loads of people said they were going to take up the sport after watching it , " he said hopefully . Recently the Korean government approved the 2012 DPRK Amateur Golf Open , meaning that Harris will be back next May with another batch of scratch golfers and curious hackers looking to play on one of the most hard to reach courses on the planet . The plan is to , one day , move to the empty $ 73 million championship course on the 38th parallel , but that might have to wait a while . "  We 'd like to play it there but there 's no chance at the moment because of the political situation , " he admitted . "  They -LSB- the North Koreans -RSB- have seized some property off the South Koreans but I hope so . One day we will play it . "	Lupine travel set up North Korea 's first international amateur golf championship Iran used to be a popular resort for Lupine 's customers . Ukraine too . But pre-booked tours to Chernobyl were cancelled "  A team of female North Korean caddies applauded every shot , " amateur golfer Warwick Poole
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- His phone number was published in a German phone directory -- Rafid Alwan , whose claims that Saddam Hussein was producing biological agents helped launch the Iraq war . Rafid Alwan says he wants to return to Iraq to work for his people and his country . He was reluctant to speak on the record , initially denying he was Iraqi or that he was the defector dubbed "  Curveball " by the CIA . But eight months after we first contacted him , Alwan agreed to an interview , and we met in an anonymous hotel room in a southern German town . Trying to get details from him was difficult -- he spoke at length , often launching into a flowery history of Iraq or a description of Hussein 's crimes , and in Arabic , which meant we had to wait after each answer for a translation . We spoke for more than three hours , Alwan sitting across the room from me , wearing a stylish black suit . But in the end , he had n't said very much at all . In the run-up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 , Secretary of State Colin Powell delivered a dramatic presentation to the U.N. Security Council . The United States had first-hand accounts , he said , detailing how Hussein was secretly creating biological agents using mobile laboratories in "  road-trailer units and rail cars . " As slides depicting drawings of the supposed germ labs flashed on a big screen in the Security Council 's chamber , Powell drove his point home : "  The source is an eyewitness , an Iraqi chemical engineer , who supervised one of these facilities . " Just days after Powell 's presentation , U.N. weapons inspectors presented evidence they said disproved those claims . But six weeks later , on March 20 , 2003 , the United States launched its invasion , toppling Hussein 's government in three weeks but locking itself in a war against an insurgency that has cost more than 4,000 American lives . No biological weapons , no germ labs , no weapons of mass destruction of any kind were found in Iraq after the invasion . Curveball -- Rafid Alwan -- remained in hiding in Germany , where he had been interviewed by the German intelligence service , the BND . Subsequent U.S. investigations into the intelligence failure around the claims found that German intelligence considered the defector "  crazy " and "  out of control , " while friends said he was a "  liar . " And , it turned out , the CIA not only never spoke with him , it never even saw transcripts of the German interviews , only the Germans ' analysis of the interviews . Alwan brought with him to our meeting documents to prove his identity , certificates saying he has a degree in chemical engineering from Technical University in Baghdad and a student ID card from a German college . Multiple intelligence sources told CNN that the man we spoke with was , indeed , Curveball . But Alwan told us he never told the BND that Iraq was producing weapons of mass destruction , and he said many other things said about him were false . "  There are many wrong statements made about me , and I want to declare it one by one . I have documents proving that everything said about me is false , " he said . "  No , " he said , "  I never told anyone Saddam Hussein was producing weapons of mass destruction . " When I pressed him about Powell 's use of his information , Alwan said in German with an Arabic accent , "  That is Colin Powell 's problem . " He said that as long as he is living in Germany , he will never tell the full story of what information he passed on to the BND . "  It is not true that I am the only person who said things about Iraq , " he said . "  There are so many other people who gave information as well . Right now I am trying to protect my children . They have been through hard times with me . " And then Alwan got nervous . He wiped his face often and lit a new cigarette after almost every question . He seemed uncomfortable in front of the camera . Alwan had brought with him a second man , introduced only as "  Mr. Ali . " Mr. Ali was also wearing a flashy suit with a peach-colored shirt , and he seemed to be coaching Alwan , making strange signals behind my back . As I talked to Alwan , I could feel the wind from Mr. Ali frantically waving his arms . Whenever Alwan began to offer details , Mr. Ali made a time out signal with his hands , and Alwan stopped talking . When he was n't prevented from talking by Mr. Ali , Alwan answered questions in a roundabout manner , sometimes backtracking and correcting himself , sometimes telling completely different stories in the same sentence . Alwan came to Germany in 1999 seeking asylum and was picked up by the German intelligence service , which questioned him . According to intelligence sources , Alwan told the BND that Hussein had a secret biological weapons program , and that the cover was a seed purification plant in Djerf al Nadaf , a site just north of Baghdad , where mobile weapons labs in truck trailers would pick up the biological agents . It begs the question : How could the BND and CIA trust Alwan 's information with the stakes so high ? While he provided little detail during our interview , Alwan insisted that Hussein was producing weapons of mass destruction , and that he had worked on one of the weapons projects . Norbert Juretzko , a former BND officer who is familiar with the Curveball case , now criticizes the German intelligence service for its handling of the matter . The BND wanted so badly to believe Alwan , Juretzko said , that the case officers did n't notice inconsistencies in his story . "  He was put under pressure by the BND : ` Tell us something , ' " Juretzko said . "  They were desperate for something . They gave him money , privileges , a visa and the like . And so this man used his imagination to get all these things . " Alwan , however , claims he was never "  an agent or spy for any intelligence agencies in the world . And I never got paid by anyone . " Tyler Drumheller , the CIA 's station chief in Europe at the time , said he tried to warn his superiors at the agency about using Curveball 's information . Drumheller said he thinks the Curveball case is one of the lowest points in the history of the CIA , but he does not believe Alwan was at fault . "  He was driven by his own self-preservation , and then he got caught up in the story he was telling , and then he just had to keep going , " Drumheller said . Bob Drogin , who wrote about the case in "  Curveball : Lies , Spies , and a Con Man Who Caused a War , " called the episode "  arguably the biggest intelligence failure in history . " "  Never before have we gone to war on the basis of such an utter and complete fraud , " Drogin said . "  After 9/11 , what we heard from the authorities was that they had failed to connect the dots that led to that scandal . In this case , they made up the dots . " But Alwan made clear in our meeting that he does not feel remorse . He said he wants to return to Iraq to work for his people and his country . And , he said , he feels the Iraq war was justified . "  I feel that America offered to Iraq what no other country can offer to Iraq , " he said near the end of the interview . "  America sacrificed its people and its money and its position to free a dictatorial country . "	CNN speaks to Rafid Alwan , code named "  Curveball " Alwan 's claims that Iraq had WMD were used to support U.S. invasion Alwan came to Germany in 1999 seeking asylum
CNN  -- Most of us have n't lived enough to fill one memoir , let alone two , but then again most of us have not lived the life of Anjelica Huston , the Academy Award-winning actress and daughter of late legendary director John Huston . Huston set out to write a book about her life , but it started to become a "  tome " at 900-plus pages in length , she said with a laugh during a recent interview , so she was advised by her agent to do two books . Her second and newest memoir , aptly titled "  Watch Me , " begins with her start in Hollywood , and just seven pages in , she gets to the "  juicy " stuff , she admits , the start of her 17-year-relationship with one of the biggest stars at the time , Jack Nicholson . ` Instantly in love ' She was 21 and had just been living in California for about two months , she said , when her stepmother brought her along to a party at Nicholson 's house . "  The door of this sort of ranch house opened and there was that smile , " she said with a smile . "  And , of course , I fell instantly in love . " There were "  lots of up and downs , " she said , especially because her "  seriously handsome " companion happened to be one of the most sought-after men in the world . She describes being at the Cannes Film Festival when a beautiful young woman came up and offered Nicholson a ride on her motorbike . "  He 'd go , ` Well , why not ? That 's great . Bye , Toots , ' and off he goes , " said Huston . "  I 'd be kind of left in the dust like , ` What happened ? ' And so I had to negotiate that , and it was extremely hard at first . Then you develop more of a sense of humor about it . "  People also say to me , ` Well , why did you hang on ? ' Oh , why not , you know . I was in love , and I think maybe in a few cases I took those infidelities more seriously than he did , " she said . A message for women Huston , in her memoir , also opens up for the first time about a very troubling time in her life , when she claims her then-boyfriend , actor Ryan O'Neal , physically assaulted her . They were at a party together when O'Neal could n't find her and abruptly left , she said . She followed him and called after him . "  And he turned around and gave me what the English describe as a ` nutter , ' which is when you take somebody 's head in your hands and smash it against your own , " she said . Although O'Neal had a temper , Huston said she does n't want to "  characterize him as somebody who beats up women . But I do n't think it 's something that men should get away with . " After that incident , Huston stopped dating O'Neal . She has a message for any woman who finds herself in an abusive relationship . "  Move . Get out . Do n't stick around . Any man who lifts a hand against a woman is a coward in my book . " Calls to O'Neal 's representative seeking comment were not returned . Huston had plenty more to say in our interview , including her thoughts on the way Oscar night used to be ; her first Broadway role , beginning in January , starring in "  Love Letters " with Martin Sheen ; and the continued challenges for women in Hollywood . These highlights of our conversation have been edited for length and clarity . On how Oscar night used to be "  Nobody wears clothes anymore . ... They 're wearing very long brassieres . And I think it 's great to look back on old Oscar footage ... and some of the dresses people came up with . ... People made great mistakes . It was a lot of fun . Things have gotten very much more , sort of , conventional . " On aging in Hollywood "  For me , it 's getting better , because I 'm able to laugh at it , and I do n't take it as seriously as I used to . ... I think we develop a sense of humor about these things that we go through . We can laugh at them . ... You do n't have to fret so much about how you look . You look the way you look . Hopefully , you 're happy . " On the challenges for women in Hollywood "  I just wish ladies got better parts in movies these days . I wish we could see more of them ... young and old . ... I remember going to a ` women in film ' meeting . God , it 's got to be 25 years ago , and all the women there were , some of them were saying , ` Oh , things are so much better for women . ' And the others were saying things were worse for women . Well , I think they 're worse . I honestly do . " On her first Broadway role starring in "  Love Letters " opposite Martin Sheen in January "  I 'm nervous and excited and thrilled , and it 's going to be great for me . It 's a brand new thing . I love to do new things . I hope it 's all going to go well . ... I 'm sort of terrified of live audiences ... but it 's a good time to challenge myself . Why not ? " On @anjelicahuston recently joining Twitter "  I 'm looking forward to having nice conversations and meeting my fans . ... I think it 's pretty wonderful in an ideological way . The idea that people can contact each other and contact you , and you can all have a kind of massive conversation I think is probably what 's going to save the world . " On the story behind the title of her new memoir , "  Watch Me " "  I guess I was about 28 , 29 years old , and I 'd been dabbling around the outskirts of show business for some time , doing little parts here and there . ... And I was at a party , and the director Tony Richardson was there , with whom I 'd worked years before ... and he said , ` Oh , Anjelica , come over here . Sit on my lap , poor little you . You 're never going to do anything with your life . You have so much talent and so little to show for it . ' And I looked at him with love and just a little bit of hate , and I thought , ` Watch me . ' " And we 've been watching her and loving her on the big and small screen ever since ! What do you think of Anjelica Huston 's reflections in her new memoir ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	"  Watch Me " is Anjelica Huston 's second memoir The Academy Award winner dated Jack Nicholson for 17 years Huston claims Ryan O'Neal assaulted her when they dated The actress makes her Broadway debut in "  Love Letters " in January
CNN  -- Germany 's St. Pauli plans on further supporting the gay community by permanently flying the rainbow flag -- which symbolizes gay pride -- at its stadium from this season . "  The club has been active for many years against homophobia and discrimination , " St. Pauli 's vice-president Gernot Stenger told the club website . "  With this flag we are giving this highly visible sign that these issues have great importance at St. Pauli and we are working hard on them . " A member of the club 's gay and lesbian fan club , Dirk Brullau , backed the initiative and said it would be a "  quantum leap for the football world " if a Bundesliga team followed suit . Hamburg 's St. Pauli , which enjoys a cult following due to the skull and crossbones shown on the flag of its supporters , plays in Germany 's second tier . Its move comes less than two months after American Robbie Rogers became the first openly gay male athlete to play in a U.S. professional match . Rogers initially retired from soccer in February , announcing he was gay . He unretired and signed with the Los Angeles Galaxy of the MLS , making his debut in late May . Jason Collins , a pro basketball player who announced he was gay in April , tweeted Rogers good luck . "  People are just really growing and accepting and loving , " Rogers said earlier in May . "  Those other things are just not that important to them . "  I think as the younger get older and the generations come and go , I think times are just becoming more accepting . " But for now no soccer player from the Bundesliga or one of the other elite divisions in Europe has come out as gay , with German international teammates Mario Gomez and Tim Wiese seemingly taking different views on whether they should . Three years ago , Gomez urged gay players to go public . Wiese , however , said they would be "  destroyed " by "  merciless fans , " the Guardian reported . German Chancellor Angela Merkel last year said gay footballers should n't be worried about revealing their sexuality . "  Anyone who sums up the strength and bravery should know that they live in a land where they have nothing to fear , " said Merkel .	German team St. Pauli to fly rainbow flag in recognition of the gay community American Robbie Rogers was the first openly gay male athlete to play in a U.S. pro match Rogers returned to soccer after retiring and announcing he was gay in February
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Ten people were killed Monday in a suicide bombing outside a U.N. compound in Kandahar , Afghanistan , officials said . Three employees working for the U.N. Refugee Agency were killed in the attack , as well as two Afghan civilians and an Afghan National Police officer , according to officials . In addition , four assailants were killed , according to a press release from the local Kandahar government . Five others were injured , Afghan officials said . The attack began when a truck full of explosives blew up near the U.N. compound , according to the government release . The massive blast , which shattered the windows of buildings surrounding the compound , was followed by an hours-long gunbattle with police , who prevented the insurgents from breaching the compound . The U.N. Refugee Agency is "  seeking a fuller understanding of the circumstances of today 's attack . Nevertheless the fact remains that people working for us have been wounded and killed and the functioning of our Kandahar office seriously disrupted , " according to a statement from the group . Gen. Hamid Wardag , a local commander of the Afghan National Army , attributed the attack to the Taliban . "  This is a tragedy for UNHCR and for the families of the dead and wounded , " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said in a statement . "  It also underscores the great risks for humanitarian workers in Afghanistan . " The U.S. Embassy in Kabul also expressed its condolences to the families of the victims . Kandahar province has seen a rash of recent violence . On Thursday , insurgents launched attacks on a Provincial Reconstruction Team base and a military outpost , Afghan and NATO officials said . Insurgents fired small guns and rocket-propelled grenades  RPGs  toward the Provincial Reconstruction Team , said Agha Lali , a member of the Kandahar provincial council . Officials killed two of the attackers , according to a regional police chief . And on October 22 , three U.S. service members were killed when an improvised explosive device blew up near their assault force . Journalist Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. official calls the attack a "  tragedy " A truck full of explosives blew up in front a U.N. compound , local officials say An hours-long gunbattle followed the blast Afghan security forces kill four assailants , officials say
CNN  -- A South Dakota ranch worker who found a record-setting hailstone says the chunks of ice falling from the sky sounded like "  big bricks " being thrown at his house . Leslie "  Les " Scott found the record-breaker , which is almost the size of a soccer ball , last week . It 's been been officially declared the largest ever recorded in the United States , in terms of both diameter and weight . The hailstone measured 8.0 inches in diameter , had a circumference of 18.62 inches , and weighed one pound , 15 ounces , according to the NOAA National Climate Extremes Committee . Scott says larger hailstones fell around the tiny town of Vivian , South Dakota last week . As severe thunderstorms swept through the area on July 23 , Scott says he and a few friends gathered on a hilltop to watch the weather system . He abandoned his position when he saw twisters taking shape in the clouds , but continued watching the storm from his home . He told CNN that he saw hailstones that were as large or larger than the one he actually kept . In fact , Scott said the smallest hailstone he found was about the size of a tennis ball . Damage around the town is also evidence of the unusual large size of the hailstones that fell , according to Scott . He said there are patches on every home in Vivian . Hailstones punched through many roofs and ended up in attics and even bedrooms . As for the record-breaking hailstone itself , Scott said it 's unusual shape was what caught his attention initially . He told CNN that , as he watched the storm pass , he saw this particular stone falling from the sky and thought it looked "  spidery . " On closer inspection , he found it covered in "  fingers " of ice that were four or five inches long Scott immediately took steps to preserve his unique specimen . But the after-effects of the storm interfered . He put it in the freezer but a power outage lasting 5 or 6 hours caused some melting . Scott said many of the ice "  fingers " that first attracted his attention disappeared and the entire hailstone shrank a bit . He believes it was up to eleven inches in diameter when he picked it up the first time . With the focus in Vivian firmly on cleaning up and repairing homes , Scott seems bemused by the new-found notoriety that has come along with breaking a U.S. record . He was n't even the one who notified weather officials about the hailstone . News about its unusual size actually spread by word-of-mouth . Scott says he was surprised when he started getting calls from the media . It was the weather office in Aberdeen , South Dakota that notified regional weather authorities about the discovery . They asked the National Climate Extremes Committee to evaluate the stone . Official measurements were submitted to the committee of three , who then certified that the hailstone was a record-breaker . Scott says the weather in his area has been "  way out of whack " all summer . It 's been much wetter than normal , and says he can keep track because he has to cut the grass about twice as often as he normally does . Even Scott 's mother has been talking about how strange the weather has been during the summer of 2010 . She 's celebrating her 86th birthday Friday , and Scott says she 's never seen anything like this before in her life . Scott 's hailstone actually broke two previous records . The previous record in the weight category came from a hailstone that fell in Coffeyville , Kansas . It weighed 1.67 pounds . The previous record-holding hailstone in the diameter category fell in Aurora , Nebraska . It measured 7 inches across . This stone -- at 18.75 inches -- still holds the hailstone record for circumference .	NEW : Hail sounded like "  big bricks " being thrown at the house The stone is slightly smaller than a soccer ball NEW : The smallest hailstone seen during storm was the size of a tennis ball The hailstone beat record despite power-outage affecting freezer where it was stored
For about a month , Barbara Gattuso felt at least 40 years younger . Gattuso , 65 , had enrolled in a clinical trial for a drug aimed at women who have low sexual desire . There is no treatment available in the United States for boosting the female sex drive , but women like Gattuso hoped that would change with this experimental medication , called flibanserin . "  It was amazing , absolutely amazing , and it just makes you feel whole , " Gattuso said , recalling her feeling of taking this drug . "  It makes you feel like a complete woman again . " Outside such experimental settings , there are no medications available in the United States for female hypoactive sexual desire disorder . That 's the technical term for when women have a distressing lack or absence of sexual desire or fantasy . Up to one-third of adult women may experience it , according to a 2002 study . Flibanserin seemed like a potential answer for many . But the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has rejected applications to green-light the drug . Sprout Pharmaceuticals , which is pursuing approval of the drug , has appealed the FDA 's most recent decision , and was scheduled to have a meeting with FDA officials on Friday , said the company 's president and chief operating officer , Cindy Whitehead . Given that the drug has been through numerous , rigorous clinical trials , and so much has been invested in it , the FDA 's refusal to approve it is a turning point in the field of sexual medicine , says Dr. Irwin Goldstein , director of sexual medicine at Alvarado Hospital in San Diego , California , who collaborated on clinical trials for flibanserin . If there is no positive action on the drug , it could spell doom for pharmacological efforts to manage female sexual desire , he said . "  It will go back to dark ages of saying , ` This is all a relationship problem , ' even though we know it 's not , " he said . The FDA declined to answer specific questions regarding the matter . FDA spokeswoman Andrea Fischer said in a statement : "  The FDA is only able to provide information on approved drug product applications . Any information on an application that has yet to receive an approval or was denied approval belongs to the manufacturer/sponsor developing the drug . " Sprouting a drug Flibanserin was initially developed by pharmaceutical giant Boehringer Ingelheim , but the company ditched it in 2010 after the FDA declined to approve their new drug application , asking for more research , Goldstein said . A smaller operation , Sprout Pharmaceuticals , took over work on the drug in 2011 , and resubmitted an application with 14 new clinical studies , encompassing data on more than 3,000 new patients , according to the company . In total , more than 11,000 people have participated in clinical trials for flibanserin , Whitehead said . Still , the most recent attempt to get flibanserin off the ground failed ; the FDA did not approve the company 's revised drug application in October . The FDA characterized the drug as having a "  modest " effect in its response letter , Whitehead said . But clinical trial results show statistically significant improvement in the women who took the drug , compared to those who took a placebo , she said . "  In terms of what we see , I would say ` modest ' is meaningful , " Whitehead said . Sex is doctor 's life 's work A 2013 study in the Journal of Sexual Medicine showed that women taking the drug reported an average increase of 2.5 satisfying sexual events in four weeks , compared to an increase of 1.5 among women using a placebo . Flibanserin is not a hormonal treatment and does not appear to affect fertility or interact with birth control medications , Whitehead said . The drug works by increasing brain blood flow in particular ways , Goldstein said . It increases levels of the neurotransmitters dopamine and noradrenaline , and lowers levels of serotonin . Side effects of flibanserin include dizziness , nausea , fatigue and sleepiness . Unlike some treatments for men , flibanserin needs to be taken once a day , every day . Other options There are other experimental treatments for low female sex drive in the works . Drugs called Lybrido and Lybridos , developed by a company called Emotional Brain , have undergone several randomized studies with results that are "  very promising and will be published soon , " according to the company 's website . A drug called Bremelanotide is being investigated by Palatin Technologies for both men and women . None of these drugs has completed phase 3 trials , which are necessary before approval . Whitehead counts 24 FDA-approved treatments available in the United States for male sexual dysfunction , including popular drugs such as Viagra  sildenafil citrate  . For women , it 's zero . "  A lot of times , the medical community has really put men 's needs first and has n't really addressed women 's sexual needs , " said Jennifer Foust , a sex therapist in Aventura , Florida , who is not affiliated with flibanserin . Because doctors have no solutions , women have tried less-proven treatments for their low sexual desire , such as diets and herbs . None of Foust 's clients has had success with them . She said some women who are n't functioning well sexually would be "  open to anything . " "  I 've had women complain , ` Why is n't there a female Viagra ? ' " Foust said . Sex drive : It 's complicated Sex drive is more complicated for women than for men , Foust said . There are a lot of factors that could explain a woman 's low desire -- and not all of them are medical , she said . Lifestyle and relationship issues may come into play . Having a first child can be a problematic factor for some women ; the adjustment and figuring out how to restructure their sex life can throw off desire . Foust has spoken to some new mothers who feel they are constantly being asked for something from their body , as if they are "  touched out , " but find their lack of desire troubling . Some couples maintain satisfying sex lives over many years -- but some , over time , go on autopilot and have less and less sex . "  You have to continue to feed your sexual relationship , and feed your relationship in general , " Foust said . "  A lot of it depends on how much importance and energy you put toward your sex life . " Sometimes stress is the issue , too , she said . Foust offers cognitive-behavioral , focused exercises to help women who are distressed about their low sexual desire . Low sexual desire in women is n't necessarily a problem in menopause or later . Foust works with many women complaining of low sex drive who are in their 30s and 40s . The average age of participants in the flibanserin trials was 36 , Whitehead said . Gattuso 's daughter is in her late 30s , and she and her friends are having similar problems , Gattuso said . Her physician friends want a solution for low female sexual desire , too , she said ; they want to be able to offer female patients something besides "  I 'm sorry . " Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	There is no FDA-approved treatment for low female sexual desire Flibanserin is a drug that showed positive results in clinical trials The FDA has declined to approve this drug The drug 's promoters have appealed that decision
KENNESAW , Georgia  CNN  -- Singing "  Frosty the Snowman " and "  Jingle Bells " may not seem like a big deal to most third-graders , but for Joey Finley , 8 , doctors say it 's a miracle . Joey Finley , 8 , suffers from a rare condition that can prevent people from speaking normally . The blond , freckle-faced boy was unable to speak in a normal voice until about a year ago . "  I thought I would sound bad , " he said . Joey suffers from a rare virus that can get into the cells of the voice box . "  He has a condition called recurrent papillomatosis , " explained Dr. Steven Sobol , director of pediatric otolaryngology at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia . "  It causes growths like warts that you would see in other parts of the body . " Watch and hear Joey sing " Sobol said lesions in RRP  for the condition 's full name , recurrent respiratory papillomatosis  are caused by the human papilloma virus , or HPV , the same condition that causes cervical cancer . An estimated 20,000 children and adults in the United States suffer from the disease . Not only can RRP rob patients of their ability to speak normally , it can create serious breathing problems if left untreated . "  It can be rapidly fatal for somebody who completely blocks off their airway , " Sobol said . "  Try to imagine breathing through a coffee stirrer . That 's what those children breathe like when they first come to our attention , " Sobol described . Experts are n't sure exactly why some people contract the virus , but Sobol believes that "  it 's a combination of genetic factors and exposure either in utero or during early childhood . " Joey 's symptoms surfaced during infancy . His mother , Melanie Finley , recalled that when Joey was a year old , he would strain his neck muscles every time he tried to talk . She took the child to several doctors before they finally met with Sobol , who diagnosed the condition . Finley was relieved to get some answers , but Joey 's medical journey was just beginning . Sobol reported that from the age of 4 , Joey endured 16 surgeries to remove the growths from his vocal cords . "  When I first met Joey ... he could n't breathe , " Sobol recalled . Treating the boy took time , the doctor explained . "  Even though you remove the parts of the virus that you can visually see ... the virus will tend to regenerate the growths , so over time ... days or months , it will cause the growths to reoccur and obstruct the airways . " RRP is not passed through casual contact , and there is no cure . Sobol is hopeful that one day , a vaccine may be used to help prevent the development of the disease . He said Gardasil , a series of three shots offered to adolescent girls for the prevention of cervical cancer , may be one of the drugs used to stop the spread of RRP . Ear , nose and throat specialists end up spending a lot of time with their patients with this condition , Sobol said . "  I tell my parents once we diagnose a child , ` We 're going to get to know each other really , really well . Coming to see me is like going to the dentist . ' " But there 's an obvious difference between removing laryngeal warts and cleaning teeth . "  Certain children have a very tough time with this , " Sobol acknowledged . "  They 're in the operating room every two weeks to save their life . ... Then , there are children like Joey who have the disease when they 're very young and grow out of it by the time they are older adolescents or teenagers . " Though he 's required fewer operations during the last couple of years , the surgeries altered Joey 's voice . He used to joke with his doctors that he had "  frogs " in his throat . Between all the procedures that caused him to miss school and his shyness about his voice , Joey was reluctant to socialize . His mother said he was teased by his preschool classmates . "  There is nothing worse than being different , " she stated . Joey 's outlook started changing shortly after he was assigned to work with Edie Hapner , a speech language pathologist at Emory University School of Medicine . "  When Joey came in , he was using compensatory muscles to make his voice , " Hapner said . "  He had had so many surgeries on his vocal cords , he did n't even know how to use them anymore . " It took a little over a year , but Hapner is credited in part with giving Joey his voice back . She taught him how to imitate funny sounds . "  Things like lip trills and tongue trills , " Hapner said . "  Silly little motorboat and car noises that physiologically and comfortably help people get their voice . " Hapner said it did n't take long in their few first sessions together before Joey was able to make normal sounds . "  I heard a sweet little high-pitched voice , not that 80-year-old man voice in a 5-year-old body , " she said . Melanie Finley remembered : "  I bawled when I heard his real voice . " Hapner called Joey 's recovery a miracle . "  To see someone like Joey , who every day is getting in trouble for talking or singing and is now participating in after-school activities that he would not do before because of his voice , it 's incredible . " And what 's it like to sing Christmas songs with classmates ? "  I usually was afraid to sing , and now I 'm not , " Joey said . "  You actually get to have fun and use your voice . "	8-year-old left unable to speak normally by a rare virus in his voice box Lesions in a condition called recurrent papillomatosis are caused by HPV An estimated 20,000 children and adults in the U.S. suffer from the disease The condition can create serious breathing problems if left untreated .
CNN  -- A joint operation between police from China , Laos , Myanmar and Thailand has resulted in 2,534 arrests during a two-month anti-drug campaign along the Mekong River , reported Chinese state media Xinhua . The operation , named "  Safe River , " has led to 9.78 tonnes of drugs being seized , along with 38 firearms , $ 3.6 million and 260 tonnes of precursor chemicals , Liu Yuejin , director general of the Ministry of Public Security 's Narcotics Control Bureau told a press conference Liu said 1,784 drug-related cases were solved during the campaign , which ran from April 20 to June 20 , the news agency reported . The Mekong River runs through China , Cambodia , Laos , Myanmar , Thailand and Vietnam -- including southeast Asia 's Golden Triangle region , one of the world 's major drug-producing areas -- forming a major trade route in the region . Xinhua previously reported that one raid , conducted by China and Myanmar police on May 12 , busted a Myanmarese ring engaged in smuggling methamphetamine into China , while another series of busts in China 's Yunnan and Hunan provinces saw the arrest of 35 involved in importing drugs from foreign countries for distribution in China . In March , China executed four foreign drug traffickers who had been convicted of murdering 13 Chinese sailors along a stretch of the Mekong in northern Thailand in 2011 , state media reported . Thai authorities discovered the gruesome murder scene in October 2011 , after boarding two cargo ships , the Hua Ping and Yu Xing 8 , that had come under gunfire . They found 12 dead bodies , some with their hands bound . One sailor was missing . Chinese authorities identified one of the convicted men as a Myanmar drug lord named Naw Kham , with the other three -- believed to be members of his gang -- named as Hsang Kham from Thailand , Yi Lai , referred to as "  stateless , " and Zha Xika , a Laotian , Xinhua reported . The agency reported that Kham was nicknamed as "  the Godfather , " saying that his was "  the largest armed drug trafficking gang on the Mekong River . " In an interview from his prison cell with state broadcaster CCTV , Kham appeared to express regret about his past . "  The Golden Triangle area is a place of evil , " he said , referring to area that overlaps the mountains of Myanmar , Laos , Vietnam and Thailand . "  It turns good people bad . "  People come here doing business , but they could n't resist the temptation of drugs , then they become drug dealers too . " CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	Chinese state media report success of a major joint anti-drug operation China , Laos , Myanmar and Thailand worked together to make over 2,000 arrests Nearly 10 tonnes of drugs were seized over two months The ` Golden Triangle ' area in southeast Asia is a major drug-producing region
CNN  -- It looks like New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady underestimated Buffalo when he took a jab at the upstate New York city 's hotels Wednesday . The insult came as Brady was praising his father , Tom Brady Sr. , for his dedication to his son 's career . The elder Brady travels all over the country to watch his son play . "  I do n't know if any of you guys have ever been to the hotels in Buffalo , but they 're not the nicest places in the world , " the younger Brady said . Brady has apologized for insulting the area 's lodging options during a pre-Super Bowl press conference , according to The Buffalo News . But not before the city 's hotels and tourism officials went on the offensive . "  Tom Brady comes to Buffalo once a year , and to pass judgment like that I think is just irresponsible at best , " Bryan Drew , general manager of Embassy Suites , told CNN affiliate WIVB . "  We 've got some great hotels , especially here downtown . " The local tourism organization , Visit Buffalo Niagara , also took issue with Brady 's slam . "  Buffalo Niagara is filled with excellent hotel options to meet the needs of the most refined travelers , " said Ed Healy , vice president of marketing . "  P.S. - go Giants ! " Healy mentioned the historic Roycroft Inn in East Aurora and The Mansion on Delaware Avenue as examples of the area 's upscale properties . The Mansion 's owner , Geno Principe , offered Brady and his family a free night at the hotel in response to the dig at Buffalo . Buffalo News sports columnist Jerry Sullivan spoke with Brady about the offer from the elite hotel . "  I appreciate that , " Brady responded , then said , "  I apologize for saying that . " The offer of a free night was n't the most popular move among some of the posters on The Mansion 's Facebook page . "  Tom Brady , a free night ? Why ? He 's an insulting , pompous  fill in the blank  , " wrote Kathy Dembek-Licata . The Mansion said on its Facebook page that it 's "  having a bit of fun " with the incident , using it to promote the Buffalo area . "  Tom Brady is an exceptional athlete and , much like the Patriots , The Mansion also strives for excellence ! "	Tom Brady said Buffalo hotels "  not the nicest places in the world " "  I apologize for saying that , " Brady told local sports columnist Hotels and tourism officials spoke out in defense of the city 's lodging options
CNN  -- A U.N. report says Afghanistan , the world 's biggest producer of opium , is also a "  major producer of cannabis " and "  the world 's biggest producer of hashish . " The U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime issued its Afghanistan Cannabis Survey on Wednesday , documenting large-scale cannabis cultivation in half of Afghanistan 's 34 provinces . "  While other countries have even larger cannabis cultivation , the astonishing yield of the Afghan cannabis crop -- 145 kilograms per hectare of hashish , the resin produced from cannabis , as compared to around 40 kilograms per hectare in Morocco -- makes Afghanistan the world 's biggest producer of hashish , estimated at between 1,500 and 3,500 tons a year , " said Antonio Maria Costa , UNODC 's executive director , in a report issued at the agency 's headquarters in Vienna , Austria . The survey results reflect the significance of Afghanistan 's illicit drug trade , exploited by militants to fund their operations in unstable areas , such as the country 's war-torn southern region . In 2008 , "  a massive seizure of cannabis -- 245,000 kilograms -- was made in Kandahar near the Pakistan border . " "  All drugs in Afghanistan , whether opium or cannabis , are taxed by those who control the territory , providing an additional source of revenue for insurgents , " Costa said . The study said the high concentration of cannabis cultivation in the south "  marks a shift away from the north , which even five years ago , was the main cannabis-growing region . Illustrative of this trend is the steep increase in cannabis prices in Balkh province " because of a crackdown since 2007 . The report says money "  is one of the main reasons " for large-scale cannabis cultivation . "  The gross income per hectare of cannabis  US $ 3,900  is higher than from opium  US$ 3,600  . Cannabis does not need much labor cost : in Afghanistan it is three times cheaper to cultivate a hectare of cannabis than a hectare of opium . "  As a result , the net income of a hectare of cannabis is US $ 3,341 compared to US $ 2,005 per hectare of opium . In the aggregate , however , because opium cultivation far exceeds cannabis cultivation , in 2009 the value of cannabis resin production in Afghanistan was estimated at between US $ 39-94 million , about 10-20 percent of the farmgate value of opium production . " Costa said the report shows that Afghanistan 's drug problem "  is even more complex than just the opium trade . " "  Reducing Afghanistan 's cannabis supply should be dealt with more seriously as part of the national drug control strategy . As with opium , the bottom line is to improve security and development in drug-producing regions in order to wean farmers off of illicit crops and into sustainable , licit livelihoods , and to deny insurgents another source of illicit income . "	Afghanistan gets "  astonishing " yield of hashish from its cannabis crop , U.N. report says Afghanistan already known as world 's largest producer of opium Illegal drug trade helps fund insurgents , report says Official : Afghan drug problem "  more complex than just the opium trade "
CNN  -- Achievers , raise your White Russian tumblers because this "  Obsessions " is for you . Do you hate the Eagles ? Do you bowl ? Compulsively drink White Russians  er , Caucasians  ? Is your only form of identification a Ralph 's Value Club card ? Got a rug that really ties the room together ? You 're not alone , man . When the Coen brothers ' "  The Big Lebowski " hit theaters in 1998 it was , well , a gutter ball , earning just $ 17.5 million . The film starred Jeff Bridges as "  The Dude , " John Goodman as Vietnam vet and Judaism convert Walter , Julianne Moore as feminist artist Maude , Steve Buscemi as loyal pal Donny and John Turturro as bowling rival/pedophile "  The Jesus . " But the Achievers  the fans of the movie  eventually found it , on VHS and then DVD and now Blu-ray , making it the cult phenomenon it is today . It soon inspired the fan-run Lebowski Fest -- an event that takes place in various cities throughout the year . This week , Achievers gathered in New York City for a very special incarnation of Lebowski Fest marking the film 's long-awaited Blu-ray release . The event was held at Manhattan 's Hammerstein Ballroom . The red carpet was the film 's famous stolen rug that "  really tied the room together . " We media folk on the red carpet were a mix of Achievers , and those who really only wanted to talk to Bridges about his new album and to Buscemi about "  Boardwalk Empire . " We abided , and I was lucky enough to be standing next to two guys who debated which fictional porn movie was better : "  Logjammin ' " or "  Gutterballs . " Goodman spoke to CNN on the red carpet . He told us that the line from "  Lebowski " he is asked to quote most often is , "  Shut the f**k up , Donny . " The actor maintains he had no idea the film would be so highly worshipped by fans . "  Absolutely not , " said Goodman . "  It 's the most fun I ever had working on a film . I never thought about it actually being released . " He also noted that his favorite scene "  Changes all the time .  He laughs .  I like the scene where he 's getting grilled by the Malibu police , but really , it changes a lot . " When asked if he is ever as intense as his "  Lebowski " character , the hot-headed Walter , Goodman said , "  God , I hope not ! " Bridges admitted that he shares some character traits with The Dude , including a laid-back attitude and a fondness for the tunes of Creedence Clearwater Revival . Also , he stated that the clear plastic jelly sandals The Dude wears in "  Lebowski , " along with some other clothing items , were his own . Red carpet arrivals were followed by a Q&A moderated by Entertainment Weekly 's Clark Collis . The panel consisted of Bridges , Goodman , Turturro , Moore , Buscemi and music archivist T Bone Burnett on the Hammerstein 's stage . Turturro gave a shout-out to his costume which can best be described as a grape-bubblegum-colored polyester jumpsuit . "  All actors have to credit their costumes , " joked Turturro , who said that after the film 's release he "  got a lot of sex mail . " When Buscemi had the floor , the Achievers shouted , in unison , "  Shut the f**k up , Donny ! " To which the actor replied , "  First of all , YOU shut the f**k up ! " Buscemi said he had the cast sign a bowling ball as a keepsake , and that when he approached actor Sam Elliot  the sarsaparilla-sipping Stranger  for an autograph , the actor replied in his signature folksy voice , "  Man , I do n't usually do this . " Moore told the crowd that what attracted her to the film was Maude 's unique way of speaking . "  I loved the language , " said the actress , who joked , "  It 's not an accent , it 's an affectation . " Moore also told the crowd that her most cherished memento from the set is n't one of the coveted bowling pin hats , it 's her 13-year-old son . The actress became pregnant in the middle of filming . After leading the crowd in a yoga-inspired Ohm  Yup , we Ohmed with The Dude  , Bridges wrapped up the talk by telling the group what message he hopes people take away from "  The Big Lebowski , " which just happens to be one of the film 's most quotable lines , "  that 's just , like , your opinion , man . " "  The Big Lebowski " is one of those movies where you notice something new during every viewing . For example , did you know the opening scene takes place exactly a decade before 9/11 ? The next time you watch the film , you 'll see that when the Dude purchases a $ 0.69 carton of half & half , which he pays for by check , the date he writes is September 11 , 1991 . And , as he 's signing the check , President George H.W. Bush is seen giving a speech on the store 's little TV set about how aggression against Kuwait "  will not stand . " Strange but true . A screening of the film was held after the Q&A , but the greatest entertainment of the night was by far the Achievers . They showed up in costume , smoked pot in the balcony , sipped White Russians , shouted dialogue  even while the actors were speaking on stage  , and frankly , they really tied the room together .	Fans of "  The Big Lebowski " gathered in New York this week for Lebowski Fest The Coen brothers film , which initially flopped , became a pop culture phenomenon Stars including Jeff Bridges , John Goodman and Steve Buscemi participated in a Q&A Goodman : "  It 's the most fun I ever had working on a film .
CNN  -- Two days after he was pulled from the bottom of a swimming pool at a Disney resort in Florida , a 13-year-old boy from Missouri has died . Anthony Johnson had been playing in a pool at Disney 's Pop Century Resort on Sunday . No lifeguards were on duty at the time ; signs were posted warning that swimmers swam at their own risk . Relatives said Anthony was jumping in and out with friends when they noticed him missing , and pulled him out within minutes , according to CNN affiliate WFTV . The boy died Tuesday morning , according to the Orange County Sheriff 's Office . Water safety expert : ` Drowning does n't just happen ' "  We are saddened by Anthony Johnson 's passing and our hearts go out to his family , friends and loved ones , " a statement from Disney said . "  We have reached out to his family to offer care and assistance during this difficult time . " William Cybulski , a firefighter who was vacationing from Buffalo , New York , said he helped another vacationing firefighter and a doctor give CPR to the boy . "  You never want to see something like that , especially when you 're on vacation , or any child in general no matter where you are , " Cybulski told CNN affiliate WKMG . Cybulski 's girlfriend , Crystal Loschiavo , told the station that she did her best to keep the family calm , and tried to soothe Johnson 's brother . "  The little boy was really upset that it was his brother , " Loschiavo said . "  He kept saying ` this is my only brother , this is my only brother . I do n't want anything to happen to him . ' " The Pop Century Resort is located in the ESPN Wide World of Sports complex in Lake Buena Vista , near Orlando . It celebrates the "  unforgettable fads of the 1950s through the 1990s " by saluting the "  timeless fashions , catch phrases , toys and dances that captivated the world through the decades , " the Disney website says . CNN 's Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report	The 13-year-old was found in about 4 feet of water Lifeguards were not on duty at the time The Pop Century Resort is in Lake Buena Vista , near Orlando
CNN  -- Ben Affleck looks distinctly ill at ease . Portraying Nick Dunne -- a man attempting to put out the dragnet for his missing-and-presumed dead wife Amy  played by British actress Rosamund Pike  -- during a key scene in the adaptation of Gillian Flynn 's bestselling crime thriller "  Gone Girl , " Affleck has swapped his usual movie star luster for , well , flop sweat . In a sequence that was screened by director David Fincher exclusively for an EW cover story hitting newsstands Friday , Affleck 's Dunne faces a candlelight vigil for Amy crawling with TV cameras , police detectives , and somber neighbors in the sequence , and he appears less like a grief-stricken husband than a shifty dude trying to seem grief-stricken . "  I may not behave the way the cameras want me to , " Affleck tells a crowd that already views him as the prime suspect . "  If you need to mock somebody , mock me . But please do n't turn this investigation into a circus . " "  Where 's your wife , Nick ? " responded a voice from the darkness . "  What did you do to your pregnant wife ?! " Affleck , of course , knows the searing glare of the spotlight all too well , having comprised , along with J-Lo , the celebrity entity "  Bennifer . " To hear him tell it , portraying a guy who 's being hounded by the press and second-guessed by a judgmental public hardly required extensive prep . "  It was n't something I had to do a lot of research for , " Affleck says with a weary smirk . "  I knew what it was like to have the tabloid world paying attention to me and ascribing negative motivations to whatever I might be engaging in . I knew what it was to be cast in a soap opera I had no control over . " Ben Affleck will be a great Batman , Adam West says According to Fincher , Affleck 's intimate familiarity with being misunderstood by the Fourth Estate -- moreover , with "  what it 's like to be hunted " -- factored heavily in his casting . "  We knew we needed somebody who was charming and could be seductive , who could be a ladies man , a guy 's guy , a frat boy , " Fincher says . "  But most important , -LSB- someone -RSB- who had the wits and experience of knowing that situation . The gift of having Ben Affleck is that this is a guy who knows . He knows what a lose-lose situation is and understands what 's funny about it , however sad . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Affleck plays Nick Dunne in "  Gone Girl " He faced tabloid scrutiny while dating Jennifer Lopez Director says Affleck 's experience factored into casting
IN THE FLORIDA KEYS  CNN  -- In the early morning darkness of the Florida Keys , the low hum of the Mystic I is hardly enough to disturb the slumber of the tourists in their hotel rooms . A lobster fisherman holds two spiny tail lobsters caught during the Mystic I 's trip off the Florida Keys . From the wheelhouse , Captain Karl Lessard steers his boat into the darkness toward the fertile fishing grounds off the small Island of Marathon , Florida . This is a ritual that Lessard has done thousands of times . "  I 've been fishing for 38 years , my family has been fishing since the 1820s , there are a lot of fourth - , fifth - and sixth-generation fishermen that are here in the Keys , " Lessard says . At dawn he reaches a spot that holds a special meaning for him . "  I pass where my mother 's and father 's ashes are scattered . Just around sunrise , it 's a very spiritual place for me . " In the light of a spectacular sunrise , Lessard plots his course on the open waters . "  I fish for the freedom , " he explains . "  It 's good for the soul . It 's a fantastic way to make a living , coming out here in God 's glory every day . " He adds with a laugh that fishing also "  gets me away from the house . I hate those ` honey-do 's . ' " It 's spiny tail lobster season in the Florida Keys , and that is what Captain Karl and his three-man crew are on a quest for today . "  I am hoping to catch between 300 and 400 pounds , with the new moon that slows fishing down , " the skipper says . They travel 20 miles offshore to where they have put out their traps . They hope to find them filled with the clawless crustaceans that live in these shallow waters . "  In the Keys , people really started fishing for lobster in the 1930s , " Lessard says . "  Before that there was very little market for them . " Lobster fishermen in years past worried more about the impact of things like hurricanes , but these days they have other concerns , namely the price they can get for their catch . "  This ... economy that we are in is not really promoting the sale of our product , " Lessard says . "  Lobster is going from eight dollars a pound to three dollars a pound . We are basically in survival mode at the present time , but it is still a wonderful way to make a living . " As a mate hooks the buoys and throws the line in the winches , the traps break onto the surface . As they are hoisted on deck the captain smiles at what he is seeing . "  We got some nice lobsters today , some grandes , " he says . Watch the skipper at work on the water " Lessard navigates his boat along his strings of traps as his crew pulls them , repeating the motion some 480 times . Two dolphins play off the bow . "  This is the most beautiful office that anyone could have in the world , " the lobster fisherman says . "  If you feel the calling , there is no better way to make a living . It 's something I 've wanted to do since I was a child , and I 'm blessed to have been able to do what I wanted to do in life , and have the freedom to do it . "  I hope my family can do it for another hundred years . " As the afternoon wears on , the traps rise out of the ocean and fall back to the seabed , and a constant flow of lobster fills up the boat 's holding tanks . The catch seems to be better than expected . "  Sometimes if you are lucky , it 's better than being good . And if you 're good and lucky , that 's even better , " Lessard jokes . With the last trap dropped back into the water , Lessard and the crew of the Mystic I head back to the dock , where they will place the day 's catch onto the scales to see how good the sea has been to them . "  Today we caught 476 pounds . I did n't expect to do this well with the phase of the moon , " Lessard says . Tomorrow morning the captain will rise again in the darkness and answer the calling that he and his family have heeded for generations . "  My family is out here , and I plan on being out here and joining them someday , " Lessard says , "  although I would like it to be a long time from now . "	Lobster fisherman 's family has been working the waters since the 1820s Crew off the Florida Keys is on a quest for spiny tail lobster Boat skipper laments the economic tailspin , falling price of lobster "  This is the most beautiful office that anyone could have "
Under a clear night sky on a rocky arid outcrop , South African astronomers are waiting for the stars to come out and play . Sightings of faraway galaxies , black holes and the Milky Way are just part of the job for the starwatchers at the South African Astronomical Observatory  SAAO  . "  The site is in an ideal location because there is very little light pollution so the skies are extremely dark , " said Nicola Loaring , an astronomer at SAAO . "  We do n't get extreme seasons here , so it 's good conditions for our research all year round . " Based in Sutherland -- a four-hour drive from Cape Town -- the observatory is home to one of the largest single optical telescopes in the world and is symbolic of South Africa 's growing commitment to astronomy . The appropriately named South African Large Telescope is the jewel of the observatory , capable of detecting a candle flame as far away as the moon and light a billion times too faint to be seen by the naked eye , according to SAAO 's astronomers . Read more : Tech cities and mega dams : Africa 's giant infrastructure projects Loaring said : "  SALT  is used to study a range of astronomical objects from asteroids to exoplanets , which are planets orbiting other suns . " The telescope is funded by a consortium including South Africa , the United States , Germany , Poland , India , the United Kingdom and New Zealand . In 1996 , the South African government , under the leadership of the late Nelson Mandela , identified astronomy as a key area for investment . In a white paper , lawmakers recognized that if South Africa failed to invest in "  flagship sciences " then the country would be viewed as a "  second-class " nation "  chained forever " to the need for food and clothing . Kevin Govender , director of the IAU Office of Astronomy for Development , said that through investment in science and technology , the government can help tackle some of South Africa 's social problems . Read more : Will ` world 's biggest ' hydro power project light up Africa ? Last year , the government , led by President Jacob Zuma , announced it would invest 200 million rand  around $ 20 million  in astronomy training over the next five years . Govender added : "  The target that we have is to spend 1 % of GDP on science and technology . We have n't reached that yet . " But he added that the benefits of financing astrophysics are already paying off by boosting higher education , employing more professors and contributing to the "  knowledge economy . " "  This is a an exciting time for astronomy in Africa , " he said , "  inspiring young people toward education , having the skills to develop economies on the continent and build infrastructure . " Govender added : "  When we train an engineer to do a job , they gain the right skills , meaning they can go out and contribute to the country 's economy in a number of different ways . " In 2018 , construction will begin on the ambitious Square Kilometer Array  SKA  , an extremely powerful radio telescope based in the deserts of South Africa and Australia , in a partnership with more than 20 countries . SKA South Africa project director Bernie Fanaroff said : "  It has already attracted a lot of young people into science and mathematics in South Africa and from other African countries and it 's attracted a lot of top-rate scientists . " Read more : Bright sun , bright future : Can Africa unlock its solar potential ? While South Africa boasts the best resources on the continent , it is just one of the nations leading the way in the pan-African astronomy drive . Observatories of all shapes and sizes are scattered across Africa in locations such as Burkina Faso , Namibia , Nigeria and Egypt to name a few . Other countries are focusing on training the next generation of astronomers , with the University of Nairobi in Kenya , for example , offering an undergraduate course in astrophysics , designed to train young people to work in observatories . Telescopes and observatories will continue to spring up in Africa as international cooperation and investment flows into the continent , according to Abiy Tekola , assistant secretary-general at the East African Astronomical Society  EAAS  . He said such a trend "  will eventually feed into the economic development of the region . " Established in 2010 to promote awareness of astronomy , EAAS members include Burundi , Ethiopia , Kenya , Rwanda , Sudan , Tanzania and Uganda . And development in the region is already taking off . In October , Ethiopia opened East Africa 's largest observatory , in the Entoto Mountains on the outskirts of the capital Addis Ababa . The facility -- run by the Ethiopian Space Science Society  ESSS  -- is the first step towards a space program , according to group director Solomon Belay . He said the project , which includes two large telescopes and cost $ 3.4 million , will inspire children "  towards science and technology especially in physics , mathematics , medicine  and  engineering . " Read more : Earth , wind and water : Ethiopia bids to be Africa 's powerhouse Despite Ethiopia 's mantle as one of Africa 's fastest-growing economies , agriculture makes up the lion 's share of output with over a quarter of the population remaining below the poverty line . But Belay believes the observatory will have a profound impact on the country 's progress . "  The effect of the program in Ethiopia is scientific development  and  the transformation of an agricultural-based economy to an industrial-based and knowledge-based economy , " said Belay . The ESSS hopes the telescopes will also boost tourism , as space fanatics visit the Horn of Africa nation to admire the country 's first observatory . Belay added that he wants Ethiopia to become a "  world-class research " center for satellite technology and earth observation by 2025 . "  The program intends  to see a transformed society in Ethiopia and Africa as a whole , " he said .	Funding astronomy and science in Africa could promote economic growth South African government to invest $ 26 million in astronomy over five years South African Large Telescope is largest single optical telescope in the hemisphere In October , Ethiopia opened its first observatory
CNN  -- Slowly but surely , Hurricane Sandy is making its way toward the U.S. East Coast . Exactly when and where it will hit is unclear . Sandy is a swirl of moving parts and any change in forecast could mean major changes in its impact . That said , a serious storm is clearly afoot -- and meteorologists are working overtime to track Sandy 's progress . Here are the latest storm predictions from the CNN Weather Unit : Saturday Sandy , which is over the Atlantic Ocean east of Florida , is expected to continue moving up alongside the East Coast . It will likely weaken to a tropical storm . But do n't be fooled ; Sandy should strengthen again later in the weekend . Rough seas and surf will be building along the seaboard as far north as North Carolina . Storm has Northeast in crosshairs Sunday Heavy rain and strong winds will pound the coastal regions of North Carolina and Virginia as the storm slogs north . Rough seas will stretch up through Delaware and Maryland . Monday Sandy 's massive size , coupled with a full moon peaking Monday , will lead to extremely high tides , rough seas and storm surge that will cause beach erosion and flooding . Hurricane preparation checklist The mid-Atlantic region will be hit hard , with tropical storm force winds extending from the Carolinas up to Maine . Sandy should make landfall late Monday or Tuesday , striking somewhere between Virginia and New York . Tuesday into Wednesday Sandy is forecast to move slowly . In spots , its center could linger for as long as 48 hours , unleashing heavy rain from the Great Lakes down to the Mid-Atlantic , through the Northeast . The strongest winds may not be nearest Sandy 's center , as they are with traditional hurricanes . On the backside of the storm , record-breaking snow will fall over portions of the Appalachian Mountains , mainly in West Virginia .	Exactly when and where the storm will hit is unclear Sandy is expected to weaken to a tropical storm , then strengthen It will move slowly , unleashing strong winds and heavy rains
CNN  -- One year ago , Tunisian fruit vendor Mohamed Bouazizi torched himself out of economic despair , and the news of his desperate act spread like a brushfire across the North African country , through the rest of the Arab world and around the globe . His plight touched a chord in Tunisia , stirring popular anger and protest . Less than a month after the self-immolation , Tunisian President Zine el Abidine ben Ali was ousted from power . The Tunisian revolution emboldened Egyptians . Salman Shaikh , director of the Brookings Doha Center and fellow at the Saban Center for Middle East Policy , constantly heard about Bouazizi and Tunisia in the Egyptian capital of Cairo . They could n't believe that such open protest to a long-standing dictatorship could unfold . Subsequently , an Egyptian uprising took hold and President Hosni Mubarak was ousted from power . In another corner of the Arab world , Ibrahim Mothana , a Yemeni activist , said the self-immolation and the ouster of Ben Ali stunned his fellow Yemenis because citizens actually confronted "  a police state , where you can not react . " After months of massive demonstrations , Yemen 's President Ali Abdullah Saleh is now on his way out of office under a power transition plan brokered by a coalition of Gulf Arab states . "  I think he resonated everywhere , " Shaikh said . "  As the narrative was told , as the story was told it did strike a chord with so many Arabs . " Bouazizi was an unknown street vendor struggling to feed his family by selling fruit , earning the equivalent of barely $ 10 a day as he pushed his cart through the streets of Sidi Bouzid in central Tunisia . Tunisian on life one year later : No fear On the morning of December 17 , a female municipal inspector named Faida Hamdy accosted Bouazizi . An altercation erupted during which the inspector seized Bouazizi 's produce . After the incident , the humiliated fruit vendor repeatedly tried and failed to get the attention of town officials . Finally , he purchased fuel , doused himself with it , and lit a lethal flame outside the gates of the governorate building . "  These government inspectors used to confiscate our goods and demand bribes , " says Bouazizi 's uncle Ridha , who also operates a fruit cart in downtown Sidi Bouazid . "  It was because of their tyranny that Mohamed set himself on fire . " Almost immediately , protests erupted in Sidi Bouzid and then quickly spread to other cities and towns across the country . Bouazizi died of his injuries in a hospital on January 4 . On Saturday , thousands of Tunisians gathered in the streets of Sidi Bouzid to celebrate the first anniversary of the uprising . A monument featuring Bouazizi 's fruit stand was inaugurated and political leaders honored the man for his sacrifice . "  Thank you Sidi Bouzid , for the freedom we enjoy today , " said Tunisia 's new president , Moncef Marzouki . Marwan Kraidy , a professor at the University of Pennsylvania and the American University in Beirut , said Bouazizi was "  definitely the catalyst of the Tunisian revolt , which due to its success catalyzed the Egyptian uprising . " "  The incident went viral because of the intense global media coverage of the Tunisian revolt , " Kraidy said . "  Every time the unfolding events were covered , readers , listeners and viewers were reminded of the fruit vendor who immolated himself and became a symbol for a population fed up with injustice and oppression . " Tunisian journalist Zied Mhirsi , who is one of the founders of a news website called tunisia-live . net and is a stringer for CNN , said local politicians helped forge the image of Bouazizi and it evolved into what has become a "  universal story . " As protests unfolded after Bouazizi 's self-immolation , the government could have reacted the way politicians do in the United States and other Western nations , Mhirsi said . They could have staved off popular discontent by immediately promising to look into the incident and its underlying causes and come up with a solution . But instead , Mhirsi said , the government cracked heads and shot protesters . "  The government lost the battle when they used real bullets in a country where we did not see a gun . Here we have the government shooting people with real bullets . That was something that fueled the insurgency , " Mhirsi said . Eric Goldstein , North Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch , said there were other incidents in Tunisia that "  could have lit the flame , " but this one united a series of elements with which people could identify , such as day-to-day injustices and police harassment . Bouazizi was part of a younger generation that saw no future and he came from the interior of the county , a region long neglected and the object of contempt , Goldstein said . "  He was Joe Tunisian , " Goldstein said . "  There had been other self-immolations . This one just captured the imagination of Tunisians , both the elites and the ordinary Tunisians . " Goldstein said it soon dawned on people across the region that if Tunisians could oust their dictator , they could do it , too . "  It 's not just the Bouazizi example . It was the whole Tunisian thing that happened so quickly that inspired them . " The protests that began after Bouazizi 's death were apolitical and spurred by the lack of jobs . But the president claimed the protests were stirred by terrorists and outsiders , and the government cracked down , a reaction that reflected a regime that never faced "  genuine challenges from below , " Goldstein said . "  Tunisians were repelled by that kind of explanation , " he said . Even though Ben Ali eventually visited Bouazizi in the hospital and said he 'd create more jobs , the damage was done . "  Every step of the way he had to catch up , but he was always five steps behind , " Goldstein said of Ben Ali . Shaikh said Bouazizi was seen as a man who struggled and tried to do the right thing , Shaikh said , but he was n't born into the right clan or elite and was under the thumb of a dictatorial regime . The fact that he was a well-known market vendor also contributed to his story , Shaikh said , noting that "  he was somebody quite well liked and struggling . Market vendors get to know a lot of people . That contributed to his recognition . " Like much of the Arab world , he was a young person who had to contend with a tilted playing field . Mothana said the uprisings across the Arab world would have happened with or without Bouazizi 's act , noting that this "  did n't come out of the blue . " It was a "  boiling point " reflecting the range of indignities common across the region . Outside the Arab world , people watched the uprisings unfold . Bouazizi posthumously received the European Parliament 's Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought , one of five winners honored for their role in the Arab Spring . The once-unknown fruit vendor 's actions stirred hope and courage , and that , Shaikh said , is part of his legacy . "  If there are certain actions these regimes are taking which are beyond the pale , people are not willing to accept that , " Shaikh said .	NEW : Tunisians celebrate the first anniversary of the uprising Mohamed Bouazizi 's self-immolation spurred change Egyptians were emboldened by the Tunisian revolt Bouazizi posthumously won the Sakharov Prize
CNN  Police rescued 37 babies and a 3-year-old girl after busting a child trafficking ring in eastern China 's Shandong province , reported the state-run China Central Television . The newborn babies , many suffering from HIV/AIDS and malnutrition , were sold for between 50,000 yuan to 80,000 yuan  $ 8,000 to $ 12,912 dollars  . The boys fetched higher prices than girls , according to the online video report published on Tuesday . Babies were often transported in large handbags and suitcases to prospective buyers . And they were allegedly fed instant noodles and leftover vegetables , according to Chinese state media . Authorities have arrested 103 people , suspected of trafficking or purchasing the infants . Police spotted a suspicious group of pregnant women being ushered into an abandoned factory in the city of Jining , last July , where they found baby diapers and other evidence of it being used as an "  underground delivery room . " "  We noticed there has been some new developments in the methods for child trafficking related crimes , " Chen Shiqu , director of the Ministry of Public Security 's Anti-trafficking Office told CCTV . "  For example , some criminal gangs would send pregnant women who are about to give birth via public transport to another city . The babies are then sold after the women give birth , " says Chen . Squalid conditions An investigator who was on the case said they detained seven suspects and found one baby nearly smothered under blankets in the run-down factory with squalid living conditions . "  At that time , the baby 's face was already turning purple , if we did n't search through those blankets , that baby may have already died , " said Liu Yang , a police investigator . In a two-month sting operation following the raid , police discovered that the babies were often transported from the factory in bags to a hospital for infectious diseases in a nearby suburb where they were kept , awaiting buyers . "  Out of the 37 babies we rescued , almost none of them were healthy . All had varying levels of some sickness . They let the babies eat instant noodles , " said Hou Jun , a local police officer . One of the buyers , Liu Zhiyou said an agent told him it was an illegitimate child from a student . Some of the babies have remained with their adoptive parents , while others are in orphanages . The 3-year-old was reunited with her mother , according to Chinese media . According to Chinese law , child traffickers can be imprisoned up to 10 years for selling more than three children or sentenced to death in more serious cases . Major concern Child trafficking has become a major concern in China , as traffickers seek to profit off a growing demand for healthy babies from potential adoptive parents both in China and beyond . In March last year , Chinese officials uncovered four child-trafficking rings and arrested more than a thousand people for using websites and instant messaging groups to sell babies . A Chinese obstetrician was also convicted for selling babies after telling their parents they were sick in early 2014 .	Police rescued 37 babies and a 3-year-old girl in a trafficking ring bust in China , reported CCTV Pregnant women were transported to an abandoned factory to give birth before infants were sold Newborn babies were sold for up to $ 12,912 , with boys fetching higher prices than girls
CABO SAN LUCAS , Mexico  CNN  -- Jimena remained a tropical storm Thursday afternoon , but was losing its punch as it remained nearly stationary over Mexico 's Baja California , the National Hurricane Center said . After making landfall on Baja California , Hurricane Jimena started weakening Wednesday night . All tropical storm warnings on the Baja California peninsula were discontinued , but a tropical storm warning remained in effect for northwestern mainland Mexico , from Huatabampito to Bahia Kino . A tropical storm warning means conditions including winds of at least 39 mph are expected within 24 hours . Jimena made landfall Wednesday afternoon as a Category 1 hurricane between Puerto San Andresito and San Juanico , Mexico , on the peninsula . At its peak , it was a Category 4 hurricane prior to making landfall . But as of 2 p.m. , Jimena 's center was located about 35 miles  55 km  north of Santa Rosalia , Mexico , forecasters said , and was "  moving very little during the past few hours . " The storm was expected to begin slowly traveling west or west-southwest later Thursday night , and forecast to be near or over central Baja California through Saturday . Jimena 's maximum sustained winds were near 40 mph  65 kph  with higher gusts , forecasters said . "  Weakening is forecast during the next 24 hours , and Jimena is forecast to become a tropical depression tonight and degenerate into a remnant low by Friday . " Watch Jimena skirt resort of Cabo San Lucas " The storm was expected to produce an additional 4 to 6 inches  10 to 15 cm  of rain over portions of western Mexico , and 1 to 2 inches  2 to 5 cm  over the central portion of the Baja peninsula over the next day or so , the Hurricane Center said . Overall , isolated maximum amounts could reach 30 inches  76 cm  , forecasters said . Watch damage caused by Jimena " "  An unofficial report from San Carlos , Mexico , located in Sonora state just west of Guyamas , indicates that about 25 inches of rain has fallen , " forecasters said . "  These rains could produce life-threatening flash floods and mudslides . " Watch tourists who waited out the storm " In addition , "  higher than normal tide levels , with large and dangerous battering waves along portions of the coast of the central Baja peninsula and northwestern mainland Mexico will gradually subside tonight and tomorrow , " the Hurricane Center said .	All tropical storm warnings on Baja California peninsula were discontinued Once a powerful Category 4 hurricane , Jimena now a tropical storm Officials caution heavy rains could cause life-threatening flooding , mudslides Storm forecast to be near or over central Baja California through Saturday
CNN  -- Khloe Kardashian and her new husband , basketball player Lamar Odom , have found themselves a newlywed love nest . Kardashian , star of the E! network 's reality show "  Kourtney & Khloe Take Miami " and Odom , a forward for the Los Angeles Lakers , have purchased a seven-bedroom , nine-bathroom mansion in Tarzana , California , for nearly $ 4 million . The pair , who married after a two-month-long courtship , have been looking for a place to call their own since their September 27 wedding . Finding a home was one of the stipulations Kardashian , 25 , wanted met before the couple started thinking about growing a family . "  I would be over the moon if I was having a baby , but right now , our focus is on finding a house . They say it 's a buyers ' market , but no one is selling , and I think it would be very stressful to have a baby in a condo downtown , " Kardashian told CNN earlier this month . When asked by talk show host Chelsea Handler earlier this month if Khloe is pregnant yet , Odom , 30 , responded , "  Soon . " And when Handler pushed and asked , "  You planning on having a baby soon ? You want to do that right away ? " Odom responded , "  I do . " Kardashian was even more candid with CNN , saying , "  We are not planning to have a baby , but we 're not doing anything to not have a baby right now . "	Khloe Kardashian and husband Lamar Odom have purchased a home The seven-bedroom , nine-bathroom mansion cost nearly $ 4 million Finding a home was one of the stipulations Kardashian had before starting a family
Gulfport , Mississippi  CNN  -- Ben Stone knows quite a bit about disasters . Five years ago , a 28-foot storm surge from Hurricane Katrina flattened his house and almost wiped out his hometown of Gulfport , Mississippi . Now , if a rapidly growing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico comes ashore -- as some expect -- Stone will be able to see it from the front porch of his newly-built house . "  You can get mad about this , " he said . "  I 'm very disturbed about it . " Like residents along the coast of Alabama and Florida Panhandle , it is a waiting game for Gulfport . Already a heavy smell of oil hung over the Mississippi beaches . "  This could not have happened at a worse time in our history , " said John Kelly , the town 's chief administrative officer . The city has undertaken half a billion dollars in new construction since Katrina . Of that , $ 30 million is being spent on developing the harbor -- the third largest container port on the Gulf Coast . "  Well , it if it threatens the commercial sea lanes , that 's a concern because if ships do n't come in and ships are n't able to go out , that stops commerce , " said Donald Allee , the CEO of Mississippi State Port Authority . Equipment operator Daniel Schepens knows all too well what that will mean . After Katrina , he was out of work for a month . He is worried the fallout from the spill could be worse . "  No ships , the warehouses are empty , no trucks , no imports , no exports , " he said . Federal officials closed a portion of the northern Gulf of Mexico to fishing Sunday , curtailing a billion-dollar business as high winds and choppy seas hampered efforts to corral a rapidly growing oil spill . The spill cast a pall over the annual Blessing of the Fleet in Bayou La Batre , Alabama , one of many towns that make their living from the Gulf . Republican Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana attended a boat blessing in St. Bernard , Louisiana , where fishermen have observed the tradition for decades to usher in the shrimp season . "  Louisianians are resilient and understand that in times like these , it is our traditions that tie us closer together and provide the strength we need to face the challenges ahead , " he said . "  This tragic oil spill has reminded everyone about the valuable connection between our residents and our wildlife , fisheries and coastline . " In Venice , Louisiana , a rain-spattered President Obama told reporters his administration has launched a "  relentless response " to the spill , but said the problem might not be solved for "  many days . " A ruptured undersea well off Louisiana is spewing about 210,000 gallons  5,000 barrels  of crude a day into the Gulf of Mexico , and efforts to shut off the flow have been unsuccessful since the late April explosion that sank the drill rig Deepwater Horizon . The leading edge of the slick has grown closer to the coast of Alabama and the Florida Panhandle . Adm. Thad Allen , the commandant of the Coast Guard , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the slick was still nine miles off the Louisiana coast , but seas of 6 to 10 feet have made deploying booms to fend the spill off the coast "  somewhat problematic . " Oil giant BP , which owns the well at the heart of the problem , said it had prepared massive boxes to be lowered over the leak points , but deploying them would take about a week . The minimum 10-day fishing restriction imposed Sunday by the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration covers an area between the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana to the waters off Florida 's Pensacola Bay . "  Balancing economic and health concerns , this order closes just those areas that are affected by oil , " NOAA Administrator Jane Lubchenco said in a statement announcing the decision . "  There should be no health risk in seafood currently in the marketplace . " The Gulf Coast 's commercial fishing industry brings in about $ 2.4 billion to the region . Thomas Rodi , the Roman Catholic archbishop of Mobile , officiated at Sunday 's event in Bayou La Batre and said the spill could have "  widespread effects " on the area -- "  not only the livelihood of people , but an entire way of life . " Among those taking part in the blessing was Maurice Ryan , who said , "  You have to put your trust in someone . " "  I really feel like , with the church and the bishop , I 've got my life in good hands , " Ryan said . "  BP certainly is n't helping me . " The oil spill started April 20 , after an explosion on BP contractor Transocean Ltd. 's Deepwater Horizon drilling platform that left 11 men presumed dead . About 1.6 million gallons of oil have spilled since the explosion , the Coast Guard said . "  This event is a self-feeding fire , " said Richard Charter of the environmental group Defenders of Wildlife . "  It is so big and expanding so fast that it 's pretty much beyond human response that can be effective . " The spill will have "  a multidecade impact " -- a "  long-term poisoning " of the area , he said . Booms were strung across the mouths of delta estuaries in Louisiana and inlets along the Mississippi coast . In Alabama , National Guard troops helped lay them out off Dauphin Island , at the southern end of Mobile Bay . In Pascagoula , Mississippi , a steady stream of customers stocked up on bags of freshly boiled crawfish , oysters and shrimp . The weekend trade was good , but owner Keith Delcambre said he was worried about the future if the oil slick hits the coast . "  All I know is seafood , " he said while sorting crawfish in a small workroom behind the kitchen . "  I do n't know what we 'll do if this hits . It feels like a hurricane is coming , but what can you do to stop oil ? " The cause of the blast on the Deepwater Horizon remains unknown . BP says a device known as a "  blowout preventer " failed and has not responded to repeated attempts to activate it using remotely operated submarines . Frustration with BP was growing across the Gulf states , and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has said the company 's response has been inadequate . But BP America 's president , Lamar McKay , told ABC 's "  This Week " that its focus "  is dealing with the source of the oil , dealing with it on the surface , and dealing with it on the beach or the marsh if it occurs . " McKay said the company has built a containment system to prevent the leaking oil from spreading . But it may take another six to eight days to deploy that system , which is made up primarily of massive boxes designed to capture the crude . BP spokeswoman Marti Powers said the company is trying to use remote-controlled submarines to shut off the well at the ocean floor , about 5,000 feet below the surface , and spreading dispersants on and under the water to break up the slick . The company has put out about 300,000 feet -- roughly 60 miles -- of floating booms to keep the oil away from ecologically sensitive shorelines , she said . But she said efforts to skim oil off the surface were put off because of bad weather . "  We 're hampered because the weather is so bad . Some of the vessels ca n't get out , " she said . "  So that slows us down a little bit . But they are still making the effort . We did get some photos back this morning that showed quite a bit of success . " CNN 's David Mattingly , Brian Todd , Sarah Hoye , Mark Biello and Richard Lui contributed to this report .	Heavy smell of oil already hangs over Mississippi beaches A portion of the northern Gulf of Mexico is closed to fishing BP said it has prepared massive boxes to capture leaking oil
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Any attempt to pardon Mikhail Khodorkovsky -- once Russia 's richest man , now its most famous inmate -- must follow standard procedure , including an admission of guilt , the nation 's president said Sunday . Mikhail Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man , is imprisoned in a work camp 4,000 miles from Moscow . "  Concerning the possibility of a pardon for someone , Khodorkovsky or anyone else , the procedure has to be carried out in accordance with our country 's rules , " President Dmitry Medvedev said in a transcript on his Web site . "  In other words , a person must appeal to the president , plead guilty to having committed a crime and seek the appropriate resolution . " The president dismissed talks of a pardon , saying , "  at this point , there is nothing to discuss . " Khodorkovsky once headed the Yukos oil company , once Russia 's largest oil producer . He is serving a nine-year sentence for fraud and tax evasion . Medvedev described corruption as a "  very serious Russian disease " and emphasized the need to fight it . "  To this end , we have enacted a number of measures , including new legislation on corruption and special arrangements relating to government officials , their disclosures , declarations of income and so on , " he said . "  We are determined to continue this work , because we believe it is extremely important . " The former oil magnate is incarcerated in a work camp near the town of Krasnokamensk , 4,000 miles  6,500 kilometers  from his native Moscow . He has been imprisoned since his arrest in 2003 . Khodorkovsky had expressed a desire to run for office at the time and funded opposition political parties . He said the trial was part of a Kremlin campaign to destroy him and take the company he built from privatization deals of the 1990s . The Kremlin denied any role in his downfall . Yukos , which has since been crushed by a $ 27.5 billion back-tax bill , has been the object of a lengthy campaign by prosecutors and tax authorities . The court also ordered Khodorkovsky and his partner to pay about $ 600 million in back taxes .	There will be no favoritism for Mikhail Khodorkovsky , Russian leader says Former head of Yukos oil company serving nine years for fraud , tax evasion President says talks of a pardon are premature
CNN  -- Lab tests found hundreds of cases of salmonella contamination at an Iowa farm in a nearly two-year period before the outbreak that prompted a massive recall of eggs this summer , congressional investigators said Tuesday . Wright County Egg is one of two farms at the center of the massive recall . In a letter to its owner , Austin "  Jack " DeCoster , leaders of the House Energy and Commerce Committee said tests confirmed 426 cases of salmonella contamination between September 2008 and the past July , and 73 were "  potentially " positive for the strain of the disease involved in this year 's outbreak . The committee 's Democratic leaders asked DeCoster to explain those findings when he appears at a September 21 hearing . They also called on him to explain why those test reports were n't included in material the company has provided to Congress so far , and demanded that the company produce "  all documents relating to your response to the test results " by Wednesday . "  Despite the committee 's specific request , your response on September 11 , 2010 , did not include the 73 potentially positive results for Salmonella enteritidis , " Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman and investigations subcommittee chairman Bart Stupak wrote . "  It also did not show whether Wright County Egg took appropriate steps to protect the public after receiving the positive test results . " Wright County Egg and another Iowa producer , Hillandale Farms , were forced to recall about 550 million eggs in August after health officials linked them to the salmonella outbreak , which has so far been blamed for more than 1,500 illnesses across the United States . Wright County Egg and other operations owned by the DeCoster family have come under increased scrutiny since the outbreak . In a written statement responding to the letter , the company said it previously pledged to "  fully respond " to the committee 's requests for documents . "  At that time , we also indicated that our response was ongoing , " it said . The company said it was "  terribly disappointed " to find positive tests for salmonella in its eggs , but said it provided results of those voluntary tests "  as soon as those results were available . " "  We believe our open communication about our forthright efforts to compile testing data and provide documents as requested is consistent with our ongoing cooperation with this investigation , " it said . "  We have provided the committee with additional testing documentation today and will continue to do so as we restore past testing records . " Salmonella occurs naturally in chickens , but Food and Drug Administration inspectors reported in August that neither Wright County nor Hillandale fully followed their plans to prevent Salmonella enteritidis . Federal investigators reported finding salmonella bacteria in chicken feed and in barn and walkway areas at the farms , as well as rodents , piles of manure , uncaged birds and flies too numerous to count , the FDA said .	Congressmen demand answers from Iowa farm 's owner Reports find 426 cases of salmonella contamination in 2 years Company has come under close scrutiny since summer outbreak
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Abdul Qadeer Khan , the Pakistani scientist who admitted leaking nuclear secrets to North Korea , Iran and Libya and then recanted his confession , has been released from house arrest after it was declared illegal by the Islamabad High Court , his attorney told CNN Friday . Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan meets the media outside his residence Friday . "  What the court declared is that he is a free citizen which means effectively ... the basic human rights are available to him like any other citizen , " said attorney Syed Ali Zafar . The Pakistani government was slow to acknowledge the high court 's ruling . A spokesman said the Interior Ministry has n't received the official court ruling , but will comply with whatever decision was made . Government attorneys said they expected an official announcement to be made by Saturday . But evidence of the end of Khan 's house arrest seemed clear outside his home in an upscale part of Islamabad . Where a government security detail previously stood guard with machine guns , cars were parked and reporters roamed the area scratching for details . Khan made a brief appearance , saying he was outside because of the court 's ruling , but gave few other details . In Washington , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she is "  very much concerned " about Khan 's release . Separately , acting deputy State Department spokesman Gordon Duguid said : "  This man remains a serious proliferation risk. , " he said . "  The proliferation support that Khan and his associates provided to Iran and North Korea has had a harmful impact ... on international security and will for years to come . " Khan is widely regarded as a hero in Pakistan for his part in helping the country to develop nuclear weapons . In 2004 , Khan was placed under house arrest following his admission on Pakistan television that he had been involved in a clandestine international network selling nuclear weapons technology from Pakistan to a host of nations including Iran and North Korea . Pakistan has so far refused to allow the International Atomic Energy Agency and the U.S. access to Khan to quiz him on the extent of the nuclear secrets he sold . "  Even if they had asked me I would n't have answered , " he said last year . In May 2008 , Khan denied his involvement with the spread of nuclear arms outside Pakistan . He explained in an interview with ABC News that the Pakistani government and then-President Pervez Musharraf forced him to be a "  scapegoat " for the "  national interest . " He also denies ever traveling to Iran or Libya and said that North Korea 's nuclear program was well advanced before his visit .	NEW : U.S. concerned at Abdul Qadeer Khan 's release from house arrest Pakistani nuclear scientist Khan was placed under house arrest in 2004 Admitted selling nuclear weapons technology to Iran , N. Korea , Libya , then recanted Khan is regarded as a hero in Pakistan for helping develop nuclear weapons
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least six security personnel were killed and eight members of Sri Lanka 's cricket team hurt -- including two with gunshot wounds -- in an attack Tuesday on the team 's bus by gunmen in Lahore , Pakistan . A video grab shows a suspected gunman near Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore , Pakistan , Tuesday . The Sri Lankan players were traveling to the city 's Gaddafi Stadium for the third day of the second test match against Pakistan at around 9 a.m. local time  11 p.m. ET  when the attack occurred . Video footage showed several gunmen with automatic weapons opening firing on the convoy from a roundabout , Liberty Square , close to the stadium . Police said at least 12 gunmen were involved . Pakistani Information Minister Sherry Rahman told CNN the attackers were still at large . Witnesses described the scene as "  pandemonium . " Images showed police vehicles with their windscreens punctured by bullets and their front seats stained with blood . A body lies in the road in front of one bullet-shattered van . "  I heard two loud explosions outside the stadium and a lot of AK-47 fire , " said Hamish Roberts , a cameraman who was inside the stadium at the time . See a map of where the attack took place " The driver of the bus said a police car and two security vans at the front of the convoy had borne the brunt of the attack . Watch footage of the gunmen staging their attack " Up to eight players , one coach and 10 security staff were reported hurt , with two players suffering bullet wounds . Tharanga Paranavitana , 26 , was hit in the chest while Thilan Samaraweera , 32 , suffered a leg injury , according to Chamra Ranaveera , a Sri Lankan embassy attache . Both men are in a stable condition . Six more players -- team captain Sangakkara , Chaminda Vaas , Ajantha Mendis , Suranga Lakmal , Thilan Thushara and Mahela Jayawardene -- and assistant coach Paul Fabrece were hurt by glass shrapnel . Read profiles of the wounded players " "  This is a very well-planned attack , " security official Nadeem Sayed told CNN . "  The team is very much scared . " Cricket manager Charlie Austin , who represents six of the Sri Lankan squad , said none of the players ' injuries were life-threatening . "  The guys are shocked . They are recovering at the moment , " Austin told CNN . "  Thankfully they 've only suffered minor injuries . They 're keen to leave Pakistan and get back to their families as soon as possible . " Watch Austin describe the mood of the Sri Lankan players after the attack " Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Rohitha Bogollagama said the squad would be flown home to Colombo later Tuesday . Bogollagama is traveling to Pakistan for talks with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani . No group has claimed responsibility for the attack , but Sri Lankan officials have ruled out Tamil separatists , who have been waging a bloody civil war on the Southeast Asian island . Witnesses who saw the attack praised the response of security officials . "  The guards were brilliant . They were n't panicking . They were very calm , " sports producer Gavin Scovell said . "  It must have been a terrifying experience , but they handled it well . " "  Our policemen rose to the occasion and laid down their lives to protect our Sri Lankan guests , " said Pakistan 's President Zardari . Pakistan , which is battling Islamist and Taliban insurgents in its North West Frontier Province , has struggled to attract visiting cricket teams in recent years because of security concerns . Watch how attack strikes at legitimacy of Pakistani government " The current test series with Sri Lanka is the Pakistani team 's first since touring India in 2007 . In 2002 a car bomb exploded outside a hotel where the New Zealand cricket team was staying . Last year Australia canceled a proposed tour in the wake of a series of suicide bombings . The International Cricket Council was also forced to postpone the high-profile ICC Champions Trophy after five of the eight participants pulled out . Pakistan is due to co-host the Cricket World Cup in 2011 with India , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka , although the extent of its involvement in that tournament now appears to be under scrutiny . John Stern , the editor of cricket magazine Wisden , said it was "  not possible " to imagine international cricket taking place in Pakistan in the near future and described the outlook for the sport in the country as "  desperate . " "  Pakistan has been struggling for a while . They had n't played a test match in the entirety of 2008 , " Stern told CNN . "  I do hope the cricket world will rally around Pakistan to find a way for the team to play outside of the country . " He said one possibility was for the team to play its matches in the UK , which has a large Pakistani community . Former Pakistani Waqar Younis bowler said : "  I do n't see the International Cricket Council now allowing the World Cup matches in Pakistan . It 's gone . " "  This has really damaged Pakistan , " former Pakistani cricket player Zahir Abbas told Geo-TV . "  Already some teams did n't want to come to Pakistan . Now who will come after this incident ? " In a statement , ICC Chief Executive Haroon Lorgat said the attack was "  very upsetting for the wider cricket family . " "  We note with dismay and regret the events of this morning in Lahore and we condemn this attack without reservation , " Lorgat said . "  I have confirmed with both member boards that the remainder of the tour has been canceled and we are working hard to get our match officials out of the area as safely and as quickly as possible . " Sri Lanka agreed in December to visit Pakistan after India called off a tour following November 's terror attacks in Mumbai . Indian authorities blamed the attacks on Pakistan-based militants . Pakistan 's Cricket Board had hoped Sri Lanka 's tour would help it recoup some of more than $ 16 million it was set to lose as a result of India 's cancelation . The Sri Lankan offer to tour was a reciprocal gesture . Pakistan was one of two countries that agreed to play in Sri Lanka during the 1996 World Cup tournament after other countries refused to travel there because of security concerns over the country 's civil war with Tamil separatists .	6 security staff dead , several Sri Lankan cricketers hurt in attack in Lahore Team bus was attacked by up to 12 gunmen en route to stadium , police say Gunmen still at large ; no group has claimed responsibility for attack Batsmen Paranavitana , Samaraweera suffered gunshot wounds , Sri Lanka says
CNN  The father of a Los Angeles police officer wanted for murder has been charged with making a false statement to an FBI agent , the FBI said Thursday in a press release . Victor Manuel Solis , 53 , was arrested in Lancaster , California , in connection with the ongoing search for Henry Solis , a rookie officer with the L.A. police who is believed to have entered Mexico from El Paso , Texas , the FBI said . An FBI complaint said a video recording at the border crossing showed father and son entering Mexico together at 5:40 a.m. March 14 , even though the elder Solis told an agent he dropped his son at an El Paso bus station and did n't know where he went . Victor Solis "  knowingly and willingly lied during the interview in order to thwart law enforcement investigative efforts , " the complaint said . Henry Solis is accused of killing Salome Rodriguez Jr. early in the morning of March 13 in Pomona , California . Items left by Solis at the crime scene allowed Pomona police detectives to identify him "  as the individual responsible for killing Rodriguez , " according to an FBI affidavit . Victor Solis told the FBI on March 16 that his son called on March 13 , said he wanted to spend some vacation time in El Paso , and rode with his father to that Texas city , the complaint said . Victor Solis said that after dropping off his son at the bus station , he later crossed into Mexico alone , the complaint said . The FBI said Victor Solis will be taken to El Paso for prosecution . Henry Solis ' whereabouts are not known . .	Victor Solis is charged with making a false statement to an FBI agent Solis ' son is an L.A. police officer who has been charged with murder The FBI says the father took the son to El Paso , where he crossed into Mexico
CNN  -- On November 7 , Great Falls in Paterson , New Jersey , became the latest addition to the national park family . After a long fight by Paterson residents and officials to have the 77-foot waterfall recognized , their dreams were fulfilled -- partially -- by Monday 's agreement . There remain years of work to mold Great Falls around National Park Service standards , but the will , and the funds , can now be brought fully to bear on the project . BudgetTravel.com : See the parks When Ulysses S. Grant declared Yellowstone the country 's first national park in 1872 , early conservationists could have only dreamed of the vast network of protected areas that grace America 's states and territories today . Less than 140 years after Yellowstone 's induction , the National Park Service now operates 397 parks and monuments . Great Falls might be years away from completion , but visitors have 396 other options to explore in the meantime . And there 's no better time for a park jaunt than this Veterans Day weekend , when over 100 national parks will waive their entrance fees . From November 11-13 , explorers can enjoy the beauty and history of national parks from Florida to Hawaii at no charge .  Many other national parks are free throughout the year . No doubt many visitors will take advantage of this largesse to visit Yellowstone , the Everglades and other crown jewels of the Park Service , but there are worlds of wonder beyond the well-trodden path . Why not take a chance on one of the Park Service 's more unusual and lesser-visited locales ? Check out the following : Dry Tortugas , Florida . Hot and remote , the Dry Tortugas are one of the Park Service 's most inaccessible destinations . One thing they are n't is dry ; the seven islands lying seventy miles west of Key West received their name from their lack of terrestrial fresh water  and an abundance of turtles  , but tropical storms inundate the little archipelago with some regularity . Visitors must take a ferry or seaplane to the park , but the reward is worth it : renowned for its marine life and snorkeling , the Dry Tortugas offer clean beaches and clear water , as well as an historic American fortress to explore . Best of all , you probably wo n't have to share it with many other people . BudgetTravel.com : 16 awe-inspiring American monuments Thaddeus Kosciuszko National Memorial , Philadelphia . The Park Service is n't exactly modest in its holdings : from the Grand Canyon , to California 's Sequoia National Park , to Wrangell -- St. Elias in Alaska  the reigning champ at over eight million acres  , it has its share of massive parks . But these spaces contain enough to fill a lifetime , so they might not be the best choice for a weekend trip . If you 're not up for getting lost in a vast wilderness , why not go to the opposite extreme and visit the smallest destination in the NPS ? Commemorating the life of an American Revolutionary hero , this National Memorial includes exhibits and artifacts from Kosciuszko 's military career in the new country he helped to liberate . Housed within Kosciuszko 's small Philadelphia home and measuring in at only .02 acres , the memorial is perfect for a quick historical tour . Aniakchak , Alaska . Only serious adventurers need apply for an expedition to Aniakchak , a swath of land in southwest Alaska encompassing the volcano that gives the park its name . Extreme weather , a rugged , remote landscape and various other inconveniences -- like bears -- have earned Aniakchak its place as the very bottom rung of the NPS popularity ladder , but the natural riches of wild Alaska are a pot of gold for the few willing to seek out the end of this rainbow . Sure , by the Park Service 's own estimates only a few dozen people make it out to Aniakchak each year , but what an unforgettable experience those determined few must have . BudgetTravel.com : 8 most complicated countries to visit African Burial Ground , New York . From frontier Alaska to the glittering streets of New York , the National Park Service spans all environs . On the opposite end of the spectrum from Aniakchak is the African Burial Ground , located in Lower Manhattan . The monument preserves the remains of several hundred free and enslaved Africans buried in the 17th and 18th centuries . The burial ground was forgotten and built over in subsequent centuries , only to resurface in 1991 as a result of construction excavations . A monument and visitor center now honor the memories of the interred .  The African Burial Ground does not charge admission , but will be closed on Veterans Day . BudgetTravel.com : 10 most interesting beaches Nicodemus National Historic Site , Kansas . Billed by the Park Service as "  the oldest and only remaining all Black Town west of the Mississippi , " Nicodemus was an important outpost for African Americans moving westward after the Civil War . The historical site in Kansas is comprised of several historic buildings within the still -- living community of modern Nicodemus . The town also hosts historical festivals at points throughout the year . Hamilton Grange , New York . Many of the Park Service 's most popular monuments are dedicated to familiar figures of American history . Abraham Lincoln 's three memorials alone attracted over six million visitors in 2010 -- a far cry from the New York City home of Alexander Hamilton , which received only around fifteen thousand visitors a year before closing for renovations in 2006 . Hamilton Grange was reopened in September and is now accepting visitors -- and at no charge . If Hamilton holds no interest for you , try another of the lesser-visited memorials dedicated to important Americans : the Frederick Law Olmsted National Historic Site in Brookline , Massachusetts , celebrates the life of the renowned landscape architect ; the Flat Rock , North Carolina Carl Sandburg Home remembers the storied career of the quintessentially American poet ; and in Washington D.C. , the Mary McLeod Bethune Council House stands in remembrance of the early , determined civil rights activist and educator . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	The National Park Service now operates 397 parks and monuments This Veterans Day weekend over 100 national parks will waive their entrance fees Take a chance on one of the Park Service 's more unusual and lesser-visited locales
Clearwater , Florida  CNN  -- Casey Anthony broke into tears Monday as a judge read potential jurors the indictment accusing the Florida mother of killing her 2-year-old daughter and then lying to law enforcement authorities . The emotional display came during the first day of jury selection in the trial of the 25-year-old Anthony , who is charged with capital murder in the death of her daugher , Caylee . She also faces six other charges , including aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and misleading law enforcement . Monday 's proceedings occurred in a Clearwater , Florida , courthouse , about 100 miles southwest of Orlando where Caylee 's grandmother first reported her missing in 2008 -- weeks after the girl was last seen , and five months before her body was found . Authorities moved the proceedings there hoping to draw from a jury pool that was less likely to have seen and been influenced by the intense media coverage surrounding the case . They kept the site in Pinellas County location secret until Monday morning , hoping to minimize the media rush in the area from which citizens will decide Anthony 's fate . Once jury selection is complete , the jurors will be transported back to Orlando 's Orange County for the trial , which is now scheduled to start May 17 . The major question posed Monday by Orange County Superior Court Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. to the 66 jurors who came before him was whether they 'd be able to remain sequestered in Orlando for up to eight weeks for the trial . More citizens will be called into court Tuesday and perhaps beyond . "  Our system of justice depends on people like you willing to serve , " the judge said . "  You are being asked to perform one of the highest duties of citizenship . " Of those called Monday , 45 were excused . The 21 who were not -- 14 men and 7 women -- will be called back Wednesday . Perry allowed the dozens of men and women to go home for various reasons . Many cited financial hardship -- saying they or their family would suffer if they could n't work for two months . Others said they had to take care of loved ones . One man said he was active-duty military , about to ship out to Alaska for his U.S. Coast Guard responsibility . Monday was the first phase in the jury selection process . The other phases include asking jurors , one by one , for their take on the death penalty , which Casey Anthony would be eligible for if convicted on the murder charge . Lastly , the jurors will be quizzed on their knowledge of the case and other positions -- including if they have an opinion , prior to the trial , on Anthony 's guilt or innocence . Throughout the selection process , Perry can weigh arguments from members of Anthony 's legal team and state prosecutors and decide to exclude certain men and women from the jury pool . Besides winnowing down the jury pool , Perry also issued several decisions Monday that were all setbacks for the defense . That included denying Anthony 's lawyers motion for more time to prepare for the trial , as well as questioning whether there was enough racial and ethnic diversity in the potential jury pool gathered in Clearwater . Perhaps the most significant ruling came when , in a written order , Perry determined the jury can consider evidence about an alleged "  decompositional " odor coming from Casey Anthony 's trunk , and hear from certain expert witnesses . The defense had knocked the analysis as unreliable and too closely tied to the FBI , suggesting it could be prejudiced against their client . The judge conceded the Anthony trial could be the first time the "  chemical signature of the odor of human decomposition or the identity of the volatile chemical components of human decomposition " might be considered during a trial in Florida . Still , he wrote , "  The expert 's testimony will assist the jury in understanding the evidence and in determining facts in the case . " In Session 's Michael Christian contributed to this report .	NEW : Of the 66 potential jurors called Monday , 45 are excused NEW : The judge rules evidence on "  decompositional " odor can be considered Jury selection is secretly moved to Clearwater , 100 miles from Orlando Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee
CNN  -- The Sri Lankan government should immediately release more than 280,000 displaced Tamil civilians living in detention camps , a leading human rights group said Wednesday . Tamil civilians are at Menik Farm refugee camp on the outskirts of the northern town of Vavuniya , Sri Lanka . Human Rights Watch said the displaced Sri Lankans were already victims of a protracted and bloody civil war . Now they are victims again , confined against their will , like criminals , the global watchdog group said . "  Keeping several hundred thousand civilians who had been caught in the middle of a war penned in these camps is outrageous , " said Brad Adams , Asia director for Human Right Watch . "  Have n't they been through enough ? " But a Sri Lankan Defense Ministry spokesman said the Human Rights Watch report is overstated , and he defended the government 's handling of the displaced . "  Those are not detention camps , " said the spokesman , Lakshman Hulugalle . "  They are relief villages . All the basic facilities are being given to the people . " Sri Lanka declared victory in May in its 25-year battle with the Tamil Tiger rebels , but concerns remain about how the island nation can heal visceral war wounds . The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- waged war for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since July 1983 . As many as 70,000 people were killed in the conflict . With the cease-fire , the question of how to resettle Tamil refugees , many of whom were living among the rebels , has wrought intense criticism of the government from international humanitarian agencies . The United Nations reported that as of July 19 , Sri Lanka was detaining 281,621 people in 30 military guarded camps in the four northern districts of Vavuniya , Mannar , Jaffna and Trincomalee . Human Rights Watch said humanitarian workers are prohibited from discussing abuses or the final months of the ethnic conflict and that camp residents are allowed to leave only for emergency medical care , often only with military escort . In some camps , people have to register with the military twice a day , the rights group said . If they fail , they are subject to punitive measures such as being forced to stand still under the sun for extended periods of time . The group reported health problems created by inconsistent water supply and a shortage of bathroom facilities . But Hulugalle , the Defense Ministry spokesman , said barbed wire around the compounds is a common way to define barriers in Sri Lanka and that military guards were being utilized out of security concerns . The government fears that rebels are hiding in the camps and screening people living in them . "  These are people who were kept for months in LTTE clutches , " Hulugalle said , referring to the displaced civilians . He said the government has a 180-day plan to resettle most people but that a lot of work was needed in the northern districts as far as rebuilding infrastructure and basic services destroyed in the fighting . The human rights activists say , however , that the government is not working fast enough . Human Right Watch said Sri Lanka 's goal now is only to resettle 60 percent of the refugees by the end of the year . U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Eric Schwartz visited a camp this week in Vavuniya , after which he announced an additional $ 8 million in humanitarian aid for the northern districts . But even in handing out dollars , Schwartz was critical of Sri Lanka 's handling of the displaced . In a statement , he acknowledged that providing food , shelter and medical care for the displaced people was a "  formidable task . " But Schwartz said the United States remains "  deeply concerned " about the confinement of people to camps and the hardships they endure within those camps . He also criticized the restrictions placed on humanitarian workers visiting the camps . "  The government of the United States believes the focus now must be on the prompt return of the displaced in safety and dignity , and we want to accelerate this process , " Schwartz said . In addition to global humanitarian aid , the International Monetary Fund has approved a $ 2.6 billion loan to Sri Lanka to mend the country . Adams of Human Rights Watch said Sri Lanka , in need of global sympathy in its efforts to rebuild , could very well go the opposite way if the Tamil people , once subjugated by the rebels , keep waking up as prisoners of their own state .	Group : More than 280,000 displaced Tamil civilians living in detention camps Sri Lanka says the Human Rights Watch report is overstated Human Rights Watch says aid workers are prohibited from discussing abuses Group reported health problems created by inconsistent water supply
CNN  -- A former chemist in a Florida crime lab was arrested Tuesday on charges of selling stolen drug evidence that had been switched with over-the-counter medicine , authorities said . Joseph Graves is accused of grand theft , 12 counts of tampering with evidence and nine counts of drug trafficking , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement said in a written statement . Authorities say he replaced prescription drugs held as evidence with medicine that could be bought without a prescription . "  The actions of Joseph Graves are disgraceful , " Florida Department of Law Enforcement commissioner Gerald Bailey said . Officials have said the disclosure could affect some drug convictions in dozens of Florida counties . Graves was arrested at the Escambia County Jail and a judge set bail at $ 290,000 . Additional charges are possible , the news release said . Gretl Plessinger , chief spokeswoman for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , told CNN on Saturday that the chemist worked 2,600 cases for 80 law enforcement agencies in 35 Florida counties and 12 judicial circuits over the past eight years . Plessinger pointed out that it was 1 % of the volume of evidence handled by the lab . The investigation began last week when investigators discovered missing prescription pain pills from the evidence room at the Escambia County sheriff 's office , authorities said . The missing prescription drugs had been replaced with over-the-counter medications . On Thursday , investigators determined that each case with missing prescription drugs had been analyzed by Graves , and authorities opened a criminal investigation . Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said her office would assist in the investigation . "  Our battle against prescription drug abuse in Florida has been very successful over the last three years , and I will not tolerate any actions that compromise our continued success in ridding our state of this problem , " Bondi said in a statement .	Joseph Graves worked at a crime lab that processed evidence in cases Authorities say he switched prescription drugs with ones that were n't and sold the stolen pills His bail was set at $ 290,000 Officials are concerned this could mean some drug convictions will be overturned
Iran says it has sent a monkey into space for the second time , representing the nation 's latest step toward sending humans into space . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani tweeted about it Saturday . "  In total , this is the 2nd monkey sent into space & returned in perfect health to #Iran . I congratulate the Leader , scientists & the nation , " Rouhani said . The launch was part of the nation 's national Research Week , Iranian state news agency IRNA said . The monkey 's name is Fargam , a combination of two Farsi words "  auspicious " and "  luck . " Fargam was launched 75 miles  120 kilometers  up into space and back in the 15-minute mission , IRNA reported . Iran made a similar announcement in January , saying then that it had launched the first monkey into space , strapped snugly into a rocket , and returned it safely to Earth . That announcement was met by skepticism by some . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters then that while she saw pictures of "  the poor little monkey , " the United States does n't "  have any way to confirm this  happened  , one way or another . " "  But our concerns with Iran 's development of space launch vehicle technologies are obviously well-known : Any space launch vehicle capable of placing an object in orbit is directly relevant to the development of long-range ballistic missiles , " she told reporters .	Iran 's president says it has launched a monkey into space "  In total , this is the 2nd monkey sent into space , " President Hassan Rouhani tweets Iran said the other launch happened in January
CNN  -- U.S. Coast Guard officers continued to search for survivors Tuesday after a boat carrying 28 Haitian migrants ran into trouble in the Bahamas while on its way to the United States , leading to at least 11 deaths . Thirteen people are believed missing , the U.S. Coast Guard said Tuesday . Four of those on board made it safely to shore Monday and raised the alarm with the Bahamas police force , U.S. Coast Guard spokesman Petty Officer Jon-Paul Rios said . The hunt for survivors continued early Tuesday , with U.S. Coast Guard officers scanning the seas from the air and Bahamian police conducting surface searches . The Haitians ' vessel ran aground and broke up near Hawksbill Cay in the Bahamas , the Coast Guard said . The Coast Guard sent three aircraft , one of them a rescue helicopter , to the scene after Bahamian authorities asked for help and recovered 11 bodies there , Rios said . Rescued Haitian migrant boat refugee becomes Coast Guard rescuer Capt. Brendan McPherson , 7th Coast Guard District chief of response enforcement , said it was a "  tragic and preventable loss of life , " in a statement Tuesday . "  As we continue our efforts to locate any survivors , the Coast Guard urges family members everywhere to plead with loved ones overseas who might wish to immigrate to the U.S. to only do so through safe and lawful means , " he said . The United States has long been a destination for migrants from Haiti , with many sailing via the Bahamas or the Turks and Caicos Islands . Boats overflowing with migrants fleeing persecution under the regime of Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier began landing on U.S. shores in the 1970s . Others sought refuge after the collapse of the Duvalier dictatorship in the late 1980s , according to the Migration Policy Institute . Council urges probe of sinking refugee boats In the early 1990s , tens of thousands more Haitians migrated to the United States after the coup d'etat deposing President Jean-Bertrand Aristide . The January 2010 earthquake that devastated the capital , Port au Prince , and surrounding communities did not result in an immediate wave of mass migration to the United States , as some had feared . Nonetheless , about 587,000 Haitian-born people were living in the United States as of 2010 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau , about half of whom are naturalized U.S. citizens . That number had climbed from 408,000 in 2000 and 218,000 in 1990 , according to a 2010 report by the U.S.-based Center for Immigration Studies , citing earlier census figures . At least 16 dead after migrant boat sinks near Dominican Republic Nearly half the migrants from Haiti have settled in Florida , with New York , New Jersey and Massachusetts also attracting sizable communities , the CIS report says . A fifth of Haitian immigrants and their young children residing in the United States live in poverty , it adds . The Haitian diaspora has traditionally helped its Caribbean homeland recover from natural disasters , with large sums sent back to Haiti in remittances , the Migration Policy Institute says . The United Nations estimates the January 2010 earthquake affected nearly 3 million people and killed about 220,000 . More than 1.5 million people were left homeless in a country that was already the poorest in the Western Hemisphere and racked by crisis . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Laura Smith-Spark and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : The search for survivors continues after a boat carrying 28 Haitian migrants sinks The boat , bound for the United States , ran aground off Hawksbill Cay , the U.S. Coast Guard says Eleven bodies have been found and 13 people remain missing ; four made it to shore About 587,000 Haitian-born people live in the United States , 2010 Census figures show
CRYSTAL LAKE , Illinois  CNN  -- Karin Kubacki no longer buys clothing or toys for her 7-year-old son , Max . Karin and Chris Kubacki are cutting back to make her severance and unemployment pay last a year . She avoids driving her 8-year-old Honda Civic unless absolutely necessary and has no plans to repair a second vehicle , an 11-year-old Ford F-250 . Bubble baths and Hershey bars are now her few luxuries . These are among the cost-saving measures Kubacki is taking to make her 13 weeks of severance pay last a full year . Kubacki , the family breadwinner , was laid off July 1 from a job she loved -- software project manager at Accenture , where she had worked for 15 years . At first , she was stunned . "  I had this impression that someone had grabbed a big vacuum and sucked all the air out of the room . It was like I could n't get my breath , " she said . Her husband , a former schoolteacher who is a stay-at-home dad and a woodworker , feared for the family 's financial future . "  At first there is the panic , ` Oh my gosh , we are going to lose the house tomorrow and live in a cardboard box , ' " Chris Kubacki recalled . Watch the Kubackis discuss how they 've handled Karin 's job loss " Yet his wife was determined to make her loss an opportunity to spend more time with the family while taking time to find another job she would love as much as the one she had just lost . So the Kubackis are trying to make Karin 's severance , unemployment checks and some extra cash Accenture provided to pay for an extension of her health insurance last a full year . They are determined to keep paying the mortgage on their home in Crystal Lake , Illinois , a Chicago suburb , and not dig into savings -- all on an expected pre-tax income of $ 54,000 , a little less than half of the family 's normal earnings . "  We have been frugal people , and we have tried to save as much as we can , and that is one of the reasons why I have been able to stay home with Max , " said Chris , who builds wooden toys for his son . But never have the Kubackis been as frugal as they are now . For the first time , the family is living by a strict budget . They are saving by : • Biking and walking rather than driving , whenever possible • Rarely going out to restaurants • Finding enriching community activities for their child that cost little or nothing • Taking out books from the library • Purchasing only absolute necessities and buying what 's on sale . "  There are no luxuries now . Before , we had a lot more where we could say , ` Let 's go do this . ' Now it 's a lot more careful , " Karin said . "  When I had a job , when I shopped , I would make impulse purchases . Now , no way . " Not only is diminished consumption not as painful as it might seem , the Kubackis say , but the change has also brought a fuller and more enjoyable lifestyle than at any time when Karin was earning a regular paycheck . "  We can have all kinds of fun doing things that do n't cost anything , " Chris said . Chris concedes he has felt internal pressure to get a job , but the couple agrees that for now , they prefer to avoid that to be able to spend as much time together and have Chris available for Max . After adopting a frugal lifestyle , the Kubackis say they now really appreciate life 's little luxuries . "  If you pick just a couple of luxuries like Hershey bars , then you really enjoy 'em . And if you have a lot of luxuries , then they become necessities . But if you only have a couple , boy are they terrific , " Karin said . Even though neither Karin nor Chris now hold jobs , they are still giving 10 percent of Karin 's unemployment check to their church . Living only a few doors from the neighborhood food pantry , they see frequent reminders of their blessings . "  So I do n't have a job right now , " Karin said . "  We 've got a house . We 've got cars , we 've got food . We have nothing to complain about . " Are you fighting the recession , using innovative techniques to stay ahead in this economy or overcoming financial adversity ? Share your story with us by sending an e-mail to realstories@cnnmoney.com , and you could be profiled in an upcoming segment on CNN .	Chicago-area couple start cost-saving measures after breadwinner loses job They hope to make 13 weeks ' severance last all year while still paying the mortgage Among their tactics : avoid driving when possible , buy only necessities when on sale
CNN  -- It was destroyed 2,000 years ago , but now Italy 's ancient Roman city of Pompeii is facing ruin once again . Not by a volcanic eruption like the one that buried the city in 79 AD , but by years of "  neglect " and "  mediocre " management by the Italian government , according to heritage groups and archaeologists . The UNESCO World Heritage site came under scrutiny in early November , when one of its archaeological treasures , the "  House of the Gladiators , " crumbled . Since then , the walls of four more buildings have been reduced to rubble because their ancient mortar is unable to cope with recent heavy rainfall , says Soprintendenza archeologica di Pompei , the organization charged with the site 's upkeep . Pompeii , near Naples in the south of Italy , is considered one of the most important archaeological sites in the country . It was destroyed when a volcanic eruption from nearby Mount Vesuvius buried the city in ash . The ash preserved the remains to an astonishing degree , which is why Pompeii is such a treasure . The site receives more than 2.5 million visitors each year , and according to Antonio Varone , director of excavations at the site , it generated $ 23.8 million from tourists in the first 10 months of this year alone . So why is one of the world 's most treasured and historically significant sites in such a lamentable state ? "  The current state of conservation in Pompeii is mediocre , " said Pietro Giovanni Guzzo , former Superintendent and archeologist at Pompeii . Guzzo retired in August 2009 after 15 years in the post . "  The financial resources available for restoration and conservation have always been negligible , " he said . "  Instead it is preferred to dig , rather than preserve what has already been discovered . " According to Guzzo , remains would be safer left buried . Inadequate funds are not enough to protect all of the site 's fragile ruins -- most of them are held together by ancient mortar so delicate "  even the rain does damage . " In fact , says Guzzo , Pompeii is so starved of funding that the Soprintendenza do n't even have enough cars and gasoline to travel around inspecting the various sites . Despite the Soprintendenza collecting revenue from ticket sales and receiving funds from the government , Guzzo says its not enough to make up the estimated $ 260 million  $ 343 million  needed to restore the site completely . "  You also have to note that the Soprintendenza of Pompeii is also responsible for the archeological sites of Herculaneum , Stabia , Oplontis  and  Boscoreale , which also need to be maintained , " Guzzo added . So desperate is the situation , Italy 's oldest heritage charity , Italia Nostra , has issued a red list consisting of over 50 sites in need of urgent attention . "  There has been no maintenance for decades , " said Alessandra Mottola Molfino , President of Italia Nostra . "  We have 47 UNESCO World Heritage Sites . It 's an enormous responsibility , but one not taken seriously . " Mottola Molfino places the blame squarely at the feet of the Italian government . The problem , she says , is twofold -- a dramatic reduction in the Ministry of Culture 's budget and a siphoning of funds within the Ministry towards showy events at the expense of conservation . According to the research group l'Associazione per l'Economia della Cultura , allocated spending for Ministry of Culture departments in charge of conservation was halved over eight years from 2000 to 2008 , though there is evidence of investment in other departments . Mottola Molfino thinks that Culture Minister Sandro Bondi 's department is also funnelling cash in the wrong direction . "  The ministry has spent enormous quantities of money on ephemeral events , " she said . "  In Pompeii , they 've spent money on theatre and shows , not on the maintenance of the area . " Guzzo agreed , saying the promotion of events at Pompeii , such as the anniversary of the eruption of Mount Vesuvius , had taken priority over the "  silent and daily " work of conservation . CNN put these allegations to the Ministry of Culture and was still waiting for a response at the time of publication . However , five days after the collapse of the House of the Gladiators the President of the Chamber of Deputies Commission for Culture , Valentina Aprea denied allegations of neglect by the government and defended Culture Minister Bondi . "  The exceptional nature of the site of Pompeii has never been neglected by an Italian government and in particular by Minister Bondi , " who 's management of the site , she said in a news release , has been extraordinary . Since the House of the Gladiators collapsed , the ministry has put in place emergency measures at Pompeii , giving the Soprintendenza stronger powers to protect the site , as well drawing up plans to increase the number of archaeologists and skilled workers on site , according to a statement on the ministry website . For Mottola Molfino the measures ca n't come soon enough . "  We have the means to do it . We have enough knowledge and enough money -- why should we not care for our best assets ? "	Ancient Pompeii has come under scrutiny after the collapse of the House of the Gladiators Italian heritage charity Italia Nostra issued red list of over 50 ancient sites in danger Government denies neglect and put emergency measures in place after collapse
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- An intense manhunt was under way Monday for Chester Stiles , a 37-year old man whom police say is a suspect in the videotaped rape of a 3-year-old girl four years ago . Chester Arthur Stiles , 37 , of Nevada is being sought as a suspect in the videotaped rape of a 3-year-old girl . Also Monday , Stiles ' former girlfriend told CNN she believes she put him in contact with the girl . Tina Allen said she is "  disgusted " and "  mortified " at her role in bringing them together . Nye County Sheriff Tony De Meo said Friday the girl has been found and is safe . He said the child 's mother was cooperating with authorities . De Meo addressed Stiles directly : "  Turn yourself in to your local law enforcement agency . Understand this : Law enforcement not only has a long arm but a long memory . You will not be forgotten by members of this agency or any other law enforcement agency . " Stiles ' former girlfriend said she is stunned by the allegations . Watch Allen describe her first impression of Stiles " Allen said she and Stiles had been in an on-again , off-again relationship for 10 years and that he was good with her children . "  He said he 'd been in the Navy and , you know , I was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what I thought they needed to be , " Allen said . Allen took Stiles to a crowded apartment where her son and daughter lived . Also living in the apartment were a family friend and her 3-year-old daughter , who allegedly was victimized by Stiles . "  I 'm disgusted . I 'm ashamed , embarrassed , mortified , " Allen said . "  I regret every , every step I ever took ; I feel bad for the baby . " Todd Allen , Tina Allen 's son , told CNN he recognized his old apartment from scenes in the video . He said his mother and Stiles spent time together there . Todd Allen said nobody realized the child may have been abused . "  She 's what you 'd expect a little girl in elementary school to be like , " he said . He said he never witnessed Stiles physically assault anyone . "  But I have seen him verbally and mentally assault many people , " Todd Allen told CNN . Looking back , Tina Allen said there were some warning signs . She said Stiles hit her once but she did n't file a police report . She said she blames herself . "  How could I not know ? Why could n't I have recognized something ? Why are all these people going through this torture now because of me ? " Allen asked . Allen ended her relationship with Stiles a few months ago . She said she believes it will be difficult for police to find him . "  He will hide out in mountains if that 's what it takes , he will hide out in a crowd , he 'll find somebody who has n't heard anything and stay there , " she said . "  He has skills . He knows how to hunt , I mean hunt with a gun , a knife , a bow . " Allen said Stiles stopped by her house last week for a friendly visit before his name was linked to the videotape . She said his appearance had changed . She said his hair was longer and he had put on weight . Stiles , a resident of Pahrump , Nevada , is a former animal trainer , authorities said . De Meo said the FBI also is seeking him in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under 14 . The man who claimed to have found the tape in the desert and held it for at least five months before handing it over to authorities turned himself in Sunday to Nye County officials . Darren Tuck , a Nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible sentence of 10 years to life for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , according to De Meo . Tuck 's attorney , Harry Kuehn , said last week on CNN 's "  Nancy Grace " that his client had been "  wracked by indecision " as to what to do with the tape once he realized what it was . E-mail to a friend	Chester Stiles ' ex-girlfriend says she 's "  disgusted " she helped him meet child Stiles sought by police as suspect in 3-year-old girl 's videotaped rape Ex-girlfriend Tina Allen says he seemed good with kids when she dated him Allen says the girl lived in same apartment with her children
Los Angeles  CNN  -- One of three remaining defendants in the "  Bling Ring " pleaded no contest Friday to burglarizing the home of Lindsay Lohan in 2009 and was sentenced , the Los Angeles District Attorney 's Office said in a news release . Superior Court Judge Larry Paul Fidler sentenced Diana Tamayo , 22 , to three years of probation and ordered her to complete 60 days of work for the California Department of Transportation . That could involve picking up trash from the side of the road , said DA spokeswoman Jane Robison . Tamayo was given credit for the 10 days she served in jail . It was not clear whether she had legal representation . In exchange for the plea , the DA 's office asked for the dismissal of a felony count of conspiracy to commit burglary and a count of receiving stolen property . Tamayo is to return to court on November 8 for a restitution hearing . The two remaining defendants in the case -- Courtney Leigh Ames , 21 ; and Roy Lopez Jr. , 30 -- also are to appear on that date for a pretrial hearing . They are charged with conspiracy , first-degree residential burglary and receiving stolen property . The three are among five people indicted in 2010 . The indictment alleges that , between September 2008 and August 2009 , they took more than $ 3 million in jewelry , clothes and accessories from the homes of Orlando Bloom , Paris Hilton , Brian Austin-Green and Megan Fox , Lindsay Lohan and "  The Hills " reality star Audrina Patridge . Two ringleaders , Nicholas Prugo and Rachel Lee , pleaded earlier . Lee was sentenced last year to four years in prison for burglarizing Patridge 's home . Lee pleaded no contest to one count of first-degree residential burglary . Lohan 's home was burglarized on August 2009 , and an estimated $ 128,000 in jewelry , designer clothes and accessories was taken , authorities said . Authorities said they believe an obsession with celebrity culture -- and breaking inside their homes and wearing their clothing -- could have been the motivation for the crimes . The group allegedly studied celebrity magazines to pick out clothing and jewelry that they wanted , and then studied satellite maps of the victim 's homes before deciding on the best method for entry , police said . At first , police treated each robbery as a separate incident , but after noticing similarities on surveillance video from the homes of Patridge and Lohan , they concluded that the incidents were related . "  There 's nothing to suggest that these kids were criminal masterminds -- this was n't an ` Ocean 's 11 ' caper , " Los Angeles Police Department Officer Brett Goodkin told CNN in 2009 . "  It 's really a series of quite run-of-the-mill residential burglaries , except they targeted the victims for who they are . " The ring has also been dubbed the Hollywood Hills Burglar Bunch .	Diana Tamayo , 22 , is sentenced to three years of probation She was among five members of the "  Bling Ring " The group targeted celebrities ' houses , police say
CNN  -- Saddam Hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate Iran and prevent the country from attacking Iraq , according to an FBI agent who interviewed the dictator after his 2003 capture . Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein in an unknown location in Iraq after his capture in 2003 . According to a CBS report , Hussein claimed he did n't anticipate that the United States would invade Iraq over WMD , agent George Piro said on "  60 Minutes , " scheduled for Sunday broadcast . "  For him , it was critical that he was seen as still the strong , defiant Saddam . He thought that  faking having the weapons  would prevent the Iranians from reinvading Iraq , " said Piro . During the nearly seven months Piro talked to Hussein , the agent hinted to the Iraqi that he answered directly to President Bush , CBS said in a posting on its Web site . "  He told me he initially miscalculated ... President Bush 's intentions . He thought the United States would retaliate with the same type of attack as we did in 1998 ... a four-day aerial attack , " Piro said . "  He survived that one and he was willing to accept that type of attack . " "  He did n't believe the U.S. would invade ? " Correspondent Scott Pelley asked . "  No , not initially , " Piro answered . Once it was clear that an invasion was imminent , Hussein asked his generals to hold off the allied forces for two weeks , Piro said . "  And at that point , it would go into what he called the secret war , " the agent said , referring to the insurgency . But Piro said he was not sure that the insurgency was indeed part of Hussein 's plan . "  Well , he would like to take credit for the insurgency , " he said . Hussein had the ability to restart the weapons program and professed to wanting to do that , Piro said . "  He wanted to pursue all of WMD ... to reconstitute his entire WMD program . " Hussein said he was proud he eluded U.S. authorities who searched for him for nine months after the U.S.-led invasion , Piro said . "  What he wanted to really illustrate is ... how he was able to outsmart us , " Piro said . "  He told me he changed ... the way he traveled . He got rid of his normal vehicles . He got rid of the protective detail that he traveled with , really just to change his signature . " Hussein was hanged in 2006 . E-mail to a friend	CBS : Hussein claimed he did n't think the U.S. would invade Iraq over WMD FBI agent says Hussein lied about having WMD to intimidate Iran But the Iraqi dictator said he wanted to start the WMD program again , agent said Hussein was captured in 2003 and hanged in 2006
CNN  -- Rape is a crime in which , all too often , only the victim pays a price . In America , out of every 100 rapes , only 46 are reported to police and only three rapists will spend a day behind bars . To make matters worse , rapists tend to be serial criminals , so every one left on the streets is likely to commit still more attacks . On Monday , in a big win for public safety and for victims of sexual violence , the U.S. Supreme Court handed down a decision in Maryland v. King , a decision that will have a big impact on our nation 's ability to hold rapists accountable . Following his arrest on assault charges in 2009 , Alonzo King had his cheek swabbed , a painless five-second process , one that Justice Anthony Kennedy in his majority opinion characterized as "  a minor intrusion . " A crime lab analyzed the swab , and the resulting DNA profile was entered into the Combined DNA Index System , or CODIS , the federal database . King 's DNA was linked to a 6-year-old crime scene , and he was subsequently convicted for the rape of a 53-year-old woman at gunpoint . CODIS , by the way , contains the DNA profiles of more than 10 million offenders , as well as a record of DNA left at nearly half a million crime scenes . It has produced more than 205,000 hits so far , DNA matches between offender and crime scene , which has aided more than 197,000 investigations . In other words , it works , and without it , King and many other rapists would remain free to commit more crimes . King appealed his conviction and a Maryland court overturned it . Maryland is one of 26 states that treat DNA as essentially a more sophisticated and accurate version of fingerprints , collecting it after someone is arrested on certain felony charges . The remaining states wait until a conviction to collect DNA . The Maryland court ruled that collecting DNA from arrestees was a Fourth Amendment violation ; the state appealed that decision to the Supreme Court , which ruled on Monday . During oral arguments , Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. described this case as "  perhaps the most important criminal procedure case that this court has heard in decades . " He 's right , and the decision will have profound positive benefits for victims of rape and their families seeking justice . DNA is the fingerprint of the 21st century , and it is long established that police can collect fingerprints upon an arrest and check to see if those prints match an unsolved case . Take , for example , Katie Sepich , a 22-year-old graduate student at New Mexico State University . In August 2003 , she was raped and strangled just outside her home ; her body was burned and abandoned at a dump site . In 2006 , the DNA gathered from under Katie 's fingernails was matched to a man who , in the years since , had been convicted of several other crimes . He was convicted of her rape and murder . Opponents of collecting DNA from people arrested for felonies are right to fear a massive government database that contains intimate DNA information about citizens ' genetic and health histories . But that 's not what CODIS is . In fact , CODIS does n't even contain an individual 's DNA profile . It contains only 13 genetic markers , known as "  junk markers , " that were specifically chosen because they are not correlated to any physical or medical traits . Essentially , the markers used can only reveal the identity of a person and nothing else , just like fingerprinting . Kennedy , in the majority opinion , maintained that using DNA for identification purposes is "  a legitimate booking procedure " and no different than "  matching tattoos to known gang symbols to reveal a criminal affiliation ; or matching the arrestee 's fingerprints to those recovered from a crime scene . " Fears that CODIS could be hacked , and DNA profiles used for nefarious purposes , also do n't stand up to the evidence . First , accessing the database for non-law enforcement purposes is a serious crime , and one that has never happened . Second , even if the database were accessed improperly , there 's nothing in it other than those 13 DNA markers . The names of the people to whom the DNA profiles belong are n't stored in the database . Rather , once there 's a hit , law enforcement contacts the jurisdiction that uploaded that profile to find out to whom it belongs . It 's an extra level of protection that makes it pointless to even try to break in . A cheek swab , which is quicker than fingerprinting and leaves no inky residue , is less invasive than what suspects frequently experience upon arrest : frisking , handcuffing and even strip-searches . While in prison , suspects are observed by other inmates and uniformed officers sleeping , eating and even going to the bathroom . Tens of thousands of criminals are in prison today thanks to DNA , which has proven to be a detective 's most valuable tool in our country 's fight against sexual violence . Thanks to the decision by the Supreme Court overturning the Maryland decision , this tool remains available to law enforcement . They , and we , need it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Scott Berkowitz .	Scott Berkowitz : Supreme Court rules cops can take DNA swab when there 's serious crime At issue was a man convicted of a 6-year-old rape after his DNA was taken after an arrest Berkowitz : Ruling could have stopped police from taking DNA , hurting fight against rape He says court preserved valuable tool in country 's fight against sexual violence
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lankan soldiers have seized a key rebel stronghold after launching a surprise attack early Sunday morning , the head of Sri Lanka 's army announced . Sri Lankan army chief Sarath Fonseka says a key Tamil town has been taken in a national TV broadcast Sunday . Troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of Mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from Tamil fighters , according to the government-run news agency . "  Our troops fought their way through a 40 km  25 mile  thick jungle track , " Lt. Gen. Sarath Fonseka said in a televised address on Sunday . "  This is the long awaited victory and I am happy to say that our heroic forces today captured the Mullaittivu town after 12 years , " the Sri Lanka Army chief said . There is no confirmation from the rebels that the strategic garrison has been overtaken . The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead . The rebels gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 and established a military garrison there , according to the government . In recent days , the military has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds . Earlier this month , troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass , the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula . It had been in rebel hands for more than nine years . The re-capture enabled the government to use a highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies . Previously , it was done by air and sea . "  The area that the LTTE has dominated has shrank phenomenally , " Sri Lankan High Commissioner to India , C.R Jayasinghe , told CNN . "  They lost ... about 90 percent of what they had . " Despite major government gains , critics point to ongoing civilian casualties resultant from the conflict . "  This is an important strategic success for the army , but literally tens of thousands of people , children , are in the line of fire , " United Nations spokesman James Elder said in a phone conversation Sunday . "  Some Sri Lankan U.N. staff are trapped there , " he added . "  Convoys are going to the area , delivering emergency supplies , but these are not sufficient for the number of people in need . " Sri Lankan authorities are barring journalists and humanitarian aid workers from areas where heavy fighting is taking place . Amnesty International spokesman Shuransu Mishra estimated that "  over a quarter of a million of the population , mostly Tamils , are trapped between the two sides . " The organization says greater access and protection for aid workers and journalists are needed as news agencies struggle to report an accurate picture of the conflict . "  The Sri Lankan authorities are doing little to ensure the safety of the country 's media , or to prosecute those responsible for murdering or attacking them , " Amnesty International spokeswoman Yolanda Foster said in a written statement on Friday . "  They  Sri Lankan authorities  are also directly responsible for subjecting journalists to harassment and interrogation , " she said . At least 14 journalists have been killed since the start of 2006 , according to the statement . Others have been driven from the country by death threats , or in fear of detention and torture by government authorities , it said .	Rebels gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 , established a military garrison there Military making significant progress to recapture rebel strongholds Earlier this month troops regained control of key northern town of Elephant Pass Tamils want independent homeland , war since 1983 has left more than 65,000 dead
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A top Lebanese intelligence official was on his way to discuss a recent threat allegedly linked to Syria when he was assassinated last week , a lawmaker told CNN on Monday . A car bomb killed Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan and two others Friday , 30 minutes before he was to meet with Lebanese lawmaker Amar Houri to discuss a threatening text message sent to the lawmaker from a Syrian phone number , according to parliamentarian Ahmad Fatfat . Similar threats had been sent via text message to three other lawmakers , including Fatfat , although they did not realize it until after al-Hassan 's assassination , Fatfat said . All four are members of Lebanon 's Future Movement , the largest member of the vocally anti-Syrian March 14 political coalition led by Saad Hariri . After al-Hassan 's assassination , Fatfat said he and his colleagues received another text from a similar phone number threatening further killings : "  Congratulations , the countdown has started , " the text read . "  One of ten . " Al-Hassan , who was killed along with a bodyguard and a bystander , was an icon among many fellow Sunni Muslims -- including those aligned with Hariri 's opposition coalition -- for his leadership and efforts in rooting out those responsible for targeted killings in Lebanon . But as much as he was loved by some , he angered others -- especially those backing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and many affiliated with Hezbollah , the Shiite militant and political movement that has a prominent role in Lebanon 's government . The U.S. government labels it a terrorist organization . However , Hezbollah is widely popular with many of Lebanon 's Shiite Muslims . Al-Hassan : A polarizing figure The lawmakers had told al-Hassan about the threatening texts they had received before Friday 's attack , and al-Hassan had agreed to meet with one of them Friday to discuss the details . U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Monday that an FBI team will be sent to Lebanon to assist in the investigation into al-Hassan 's death . Since the assassination , sporadic fighting has erupted across Lebanon , threatening to plunge the country into chaos and raising fears that it could be drawn into the bloody 19-month-old civil war in neighboring Syria . After al-Hassan 's funeral Sunday , angry protesters clashed with security forces and rushed toward the prime minister 's office , calling for his dismissal . By midday Monday , at least three people had been killed in the northern city of Tripoli , while another person was killed in the southern city of Sidon , and another killed in Beirut , Lebanon 's official National News Agency reported . More than two dozen people were injured nationwide . Amid the unrest , the youth wing of the March 14 coalition called for a peaceful rally in Beirut 's Martyrs ' Square on Monday evening . The March 14 movement is an anti-Syrian coalition that emerged after the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . His son , Saad , leads the coalition . Key players in Lebanon 's latest crisis Syria has condemned the attack but that has n't stopped accusations it is behind Friday 's killing , which marked the country 's highest-profile assassination in more than seven years . The United States has also condemned the attack and vowed to assist in investigating the bombing . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : An FBI team is en route to Lebanon Threats were made against four lawmakers , a parliamentarian says Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan and two others were killed in a car bombing last week Since the killing , sporadic clashes have been triggered across Lebanon
CNN  -- Mexican authorities say they 've foiled a plot to assassinate two lawmakers . A group of suspected hitmen was arrested at a Mexico City hotel and accused of planning to kill Rep. Ricardo Monreal and Sen. David Monreal , brothers who are both federal legislators , Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office said . Authorities did not reveal a possible motive or specify how many people were arrested . Both lawmakers are from Mexico 's Zacatecas state . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	A group of suspected hitmen are arrested in Mexico City They are accused of plotting to kill two brothers who are lawmakers Authorities did not reveal a possible motive
EW.com  -- Simon Cowell and his music competition is n't going away anytime soon : Fox has ordered a third season of "  The X Factor . " "  I could n't be happier about ` The X Factor ' already being renewed for another season , " said Cowell in a statement . "  I am so proud of the show and the team who have made it this season . I want to thank our incredible sponsors for their support and creativity , and FOX for going out of their way to do everything they can to make this show a success . Most importantly , I have to personally thank our amazing fans for the support and enthusiasm they have given to THE X FACTOR . Our main commitment will always be to find great talent , and let 's not forget , we are now days away from our first live shows . The gloves are off ! Expect fireworks ! " Season to date , the talent show is averaging a 3.9 rating among adults 18-49 and 10.6 million viewers . Fox brags that it is a Top 15 show this fall among adults 18-49 and adults 18-34 . The conclusion of the judges round will air Tuesday at a special time from 9:30 -10:30 p.m. , when Cowell , Demi Lovato , L.A. Reid and Britney Spears reveal the 16 acts that will continue in the competition . On Nov. 1 , the 16 will perform on a special two-and-a-half hour show hosted by KhloÃ © Kardashian Odom and Mario Lopez . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox has ordered a third season of "  The X Factor " Simon Cowell says to "  Expect fireworks " The conclusion of the judges round will air Tuesday
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- South Sudanese wept openly as they celebrated their independence Saturday , cheering , whistling and dancing down the streets in a ceremony fitting for the birth of a new nation . "  We are free at last , " some chanted , flags draped around their shoulders . A man on his knees kissed the ground . The red , white and green flag of the newborn nation , readied at half-staff the day before , was hoisted over the capital of Juba . Among the world leaders bearing witness on this historic day : United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir and South African President Jacob Zuma . "  This is liberation , a new chapter , " said Abuk Makuac , who escaped to the United States in 1984 and came back home to attend the independence day activities . "  No more war . We were born in the war , grew up in the war and married in war . " South Sudan 's sovereignty officially breaks Africa 's largest nation into two , the result of a January referendum overwhelmingly approved by voters . The referendum was part of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of civil war pitting a government dominated by Arab Muslims in the north against black Christians and animists in the south . The war killed about 2 million people . Amid the independence celebrations , some residents paid tribute to relatives killed in the war . "  It is very emotional . I 'm excited , but I 'm also thinking of all the people who died for this to happen , " said Victoria Bol , who lost dozens of family members . Salva Kiir Mayardit , a former rebel leader who is South Sudan 's first president , said his people can not forget years of bloodshed but must now forgive and move forward . He vowed his people would never again be marginalized . "  As we celebrate our freedom and independence today , I want to assure the people of Darfur , Abyei and South Kordofan , we have not forgotten you , " he said referring to three conflict-mired regions . "  When you cry , we cry , " he said . "  When you bleed , we also bleed . In Washington , President Barack Obama issued a statement recognizing South Sudan 's sovereignty . "  Today is a reminder that after the darkness of war , the light of a new dawn is possible , " Obama said . "  A proud flag flies over Juba and the map of the world has been redrawn . " There were shouts of joy , big hugs and hearty handshakes at South Sudan 's new Washington embassy on Saturday . Others cried as a colorful new flag was raised . "  This day means a lot to me because we achieved our victory . We got our own country , " says Anai Aluong . "  We are a new nation now . We are very happy because God answered our prayer . " Aluong said she lost her father , brother , sister and friends during the decades-long civil war . British Foreign Secretary William Hague told the dignitaries gathered in Juba that his nation has opened an embassy there and appointed an ambassador . Al-Bashir stood with his former enemies from South Sudan and congratulated them on their new homeland . He said he believed a united Sudan was still the best option but supported the dream of the South Sudanese . The gracious tones sparked a ray of hope that the two sides would get past a bitter relationship to forge ahead . That journey will hardly be easy as many challenges await . South Sudan is among the world 's poorest , with scores who fled the long conflict coming home to a region that has not changed much over the years . The infrastructure is still lacking -- with few paved roads in the new nation the size of Texas . Most villages have no electricity or running water . South Sudan sits near the bottom of most human development indices , according to the United Nations , including the highest maternal mortality and female illiteracy rates . Although the north has flourished , the South has not changed much over the years , said South Sudan native Moses Chol . "  They have schools and clean water , and their children are not dying of simple diseases , " Chol said , referring to the north . "  In the south , people still drink stagnant water . They have nothing . " There is also the threat of renewed fighting between the two neighbors . Clashes have erupted recently in the disputed border regions of Abyei and South Kordofan . And despite the 2005 peace deal brokered by the George W. Bush administration , forces aligned with both sides continue to clash . Abyei was a battleground in the brutal civil war between forces of both sides . A referendum on whether the area should be part of the north or the South has been delayed amid disagreements on who is eligible to vote . The two countries look set to divorce in name only -- they have not reached an agreement on the borders , the oil or the status of their respective citizens . The U.N. Security Council , which voted to send up to 7,000 peacekeepers and 900 uniformed police to South Sudan , is expected to meet Wednesday to discuss U.N. membership for the new nation . As dignitaries gathered in the new capital to celebrate the new nation , world leaders warned of a tough road ahead . "  Their economic prospects are dim unless the two sides can come to agreement on how to share precious resources , cooperate in other economic areas and together promote the viability and stability of each other , " the U.S. special envoy to Sudan , Princeton N. Lyman , said in an editorial to CNN . Lyman , who attended the ceremony , said both sides want food , education and security for their families . "  They want the freedom to be able to express their opinions , choose their leaders and become active participants in political and social life , " he said . South Sudan natives such as Makuac admit there are challenges ahead . However , she is pushing those thoughts to the back-burner for now . "  We have waited so long to get here ... I will worry about that later , " she said . "  This weekend , we celebrate . " CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from Juba , South Sudan , and Faith Karimi reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo and Moni Basu contributed .	NEW : Flag raised at embassy in Washington Leaders of north and the South strike a conciliatory tone "  We are free at last , " cheering crowds chant on the streets South Sudan 's sovereignty breaks Africa 's largest nation into two
CNN  I hate the term "  age appropriate . " At 53 I will dress as I like , thank you . So , please , fashion mags , clothing stores and Hollywood , stop with the "  how to dress in your 20s , 30s , 40s and beyond " nonsense . J.Crew is the latest to inform me , that at my advanced age , short shorts are not for me .  And I thought legs were the last to go . I love J.Crew . I shop there all the time precisely because they sell clothes I want to wear . Now I have to shop there knowing I dare not go near certain clothes because , well , this is how a very attractive , older J.Crew lady put it : "  In my 20 's , I wore rollneck sweaters with short shorts . A lot has changed since then . Some 20-plus years later , I still love J.Crew , just ... differently . " I never realized . But , then again , J.Crew is n't alone when it comes to schooling older ladies on what they should or should n't bare . Oprah.com , way back in 2010 , helpfully pointed out "  women of a certain age " should NEVER wear mini-skirts with Uggs , never expose their stomach , never , never wear tube tops , absolutely no shredded denim and , for goodness sakes , no neon nail polish because "  as you age , skin gets more sallow . " Thanks Adam Glassman ! Guess I 'll cross Uggs off the list ! I am still a tad confused , though , by a People magazine spread a few months back that featured "  sexy grandmas ! "  yes , there was an exclamation point !  It featured a 68-year-old Goldie Hawn exposing her cleavage . Does that mean I can expose my grandchildren to my two best friends , but not my thighs ? Perhaps this trend started with the best of intentions . But after having total strangers instruct me through the years to dress sexy , not slutty , in my 20s , to avoid mom-jeans in my 30s , to find a "  signature look " in my 40s and to throw out my Uggs in my 50s -- I am done ! And while I 'm at it , I 'm done with the "  she looks great -- and holy sh -- , she 's 45 ! " Jennifer Lopez is 45 , but she looked beautiful at the Oscars Sunday night ... period . No age qualifier necessary . And , guess what ? Her gown , with the deep , plunging neckline was awesomely appropriate even if it would never be included in the "  beyond " category . Recently I had a conversation with a young male friend who was lambasting a "  nearly 60-year-old " Madonna for exposing her bare rear end at the Grammys . "  Do n't worry , " I said . "  That was n't for you . " Madonna was simply doing what she 's always done -- sending a message to women that it 's okay to express your sexuality . I do n't think I convinced him . But , that 's okay . I have my own opinions . And that includes looking in the mirror and thinking , damn , I look great in these short shorts .	Carol Costello : J.Crew ad advises older women to wear ` age-appropriate ' clothes . Spare me She says stars like J. Lo , Madonna do n't apologize for dressing how they want and the look great She says she 's through with having total strangers tell her what 's OK for a woman of her age to wear
