CNN  -- The world 's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of the human impact on the environment , the World Wildlife Fund said Friday . These two adult frilled-neck lizards are threatened species and are bred in captivity in Australia . The WWF 's latest Living Planet Index shows terrestrial , freshwater and marine species all suffered declines in their populations between 1970 and 2005 , with freshwater species experiencing the biggest drop . The index is included in a report called "  2010 and Beyond : Rising to the Biodiversity Challenge , " which the WWF prepared for an international biodiversity conference in Germany later this month . "  No one can escape the impact of biodiversity loss because reduced global diversity translates quite clearly into fewer new medicines , greater vulnerability to natural disasters , and greater effects from global warming , " said James Leape , director-general of WWF International . The Living Planet Index measured 4,000 populations of 1,477 vertebrate species , which the WWF says is a good indicator of overall biodiversity trends . Terrestrial species in both temperate and tropical areas fell by an average of 25 percent during the 35-year period , the WWF said . Marine species fell by 28 percent in the same period , with a dramatic decline between 1995 and 2005 , the WWF said . "  Many marine ecosystems are changing rapidly under human influence , and one recent study estimates that more than 40 percent of the world 's ocean area is strongly affected by human activities while few areas remain untouched , " the WWF report said . Freshwater species in both temperate and tropical regions fell by 29 percent between 1970 and 2003 . The WWF said that is especially significant because despite covering only about 1 percent of the total land surface of the planet , inland waters are home to more than 40,000 vertebrate species . In tropical regions , freshwater species were especially hard-hit ; the index shows they suffered a 35-percent drop between 1970 and 2000 . The WWF said it had insufficient data to chart tropical freshwater species beyond 2000 and temperate freshwater species beyond 2003 . The causes of the declines are varied but ultimately stem from human demands on the biosphere , such as consumption of natural resources or the displacement of ecosystems , the WWF said . The dominant threat to marine life is overexploitation -- harvesting or killing animals or plants beyond the species ' capacity to replace itself , the WWF said . Overfishing is one example . Overexploitation is also a threat to terrestrial species , according to the report , which cites the hunting of tropical forest mammals . Overharvesting of timber is also a major factor , it said . Invasive species , whether introduced deliberately or not , are another threat , especially in freshwater ecosystems , where they are thought to be the main cause of extinction among endemic species , the WWF said . Pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing a loss of biodiversity , it said . The WWF called on governments attending this month 's conference to take urgent action to reduce the rate of loss by 2010 . It wants governments to establish protected areas , particularly those areas important for food security , water supply , medicine , and disaster mitigation , and to commit to zero deforestation by 2020 .	The world 's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of humans WWF : Terrestrial , freshwater , marine species all under threat Pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing loss of wildlife
CNN  -- Riot police sprayed tear gas at hundreds of protesters who attempted to lead a march after Friday prayers from the two main opposition party mosques in Sudan 's capital of Khartoum and its second city , Omdurman . About 500 riot police surrounded a mosque and fired tear gas canisters at the crowd as they began to leave , witnesses said . Protesters responded by hurling rocks at officers . The head of the opposition Umma party -- also the last democratically elected prime minister of Sudan -- was escorted to safety out of the mosque by supporters after the clashes began . The two mosques in both cities are attended by supporters of Sudan 's two largest opposition parties , the Umma and Democratic Union parties . The clashes follow calls by Sudanese activists for mass protests as world leaders condemned authorities for cracking down on demonstrators . Thousands of people are demonstrating on the streets of Khartoum and Omdurman , demanding the president 's ouster over economic woes . President al-Bashir feels heat from ` Sudanese Spring ' Activists say that hundreds are being detained as the clampdown intensifies . They dubbed Friday 's protests "  elbow licking , " a spoof on a phrase by the administration . An aide to the nation 's leader once said that toppling the president is like trying to lick an elbow -- impossible The demonstrations , which started June 16 at universities in the capital of Khartoum , have spread to other cities nationwide . Protesters seeking to end President Omar al-Bashir 's nearly 23-year rule have seized on recent budget cuts and tax increases to demand his ouster . Police have fired tear gas and rubber bullets on protesters over the past two weeks after the government ordered a crackdown , witnesses said . A spokesman for activist group Sudan Change Now , who goes by the name Ahmed Samir for security reasons , accused the government of using gangs of plain clothes thugs , known as "  Rabatta , " to beat protesters and reinforce the security forces . "  In Hajj Yousif district , the rabatta militias were firing AK-47 's into the air . It is an attempt to intimidate but the government is in denial , " he said . Sudanese police crack down on growing protests "  The demands of the people are clear -- they want a revolution to sweep away this government . The austerity measures we are suffering under are a result of this government 's prioritizing of military and security . They want the people to pay the price for their irrational wars . " Authorities have arrested opposition leaders and forced some to sign paperwork vowing not to participate in any more protests , the United Nations said this week . In addition , police seized injured protesters from hospitals and detained them , according to the United Nations . "  Tear gas , rubber bullets , live ammunition and other heavy-handed suppression will not resolve the frustrations and grievances of the people regarding shortcomings in their enjoyment of economic , social , civil and political rights , " U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay said Thursday . "  Genuine dialogue with government critics is far more effective than arbitrary detention and violence if the government wishes to create a stable and successful society . " U.S. officials also condemned the clampdown and arrests . "  A government that respects the rights of its citizens to freedoms of expression and peaceful assembly in order to raise their grievances does not respond to such protests by using unnecessary force , " said Victoria Nuland , a State Department spokeswoman . Government officials were not immediately available for comment . Growing numbers of protesters have rallied in the capital with some demonstrations turning violent as crowds burned police trucks , cut off roads and hurled rocks at authorities . In return , police have fired rubber bullets and struck protesters with batons , witnesses said . "  Leave , Bashir , leave ! " protesters chanted . "  Khartoum , please revolt against humiliation and dictatorship . " Al-Bashir has played down the protests and urged citizens to understand the new austerity measures , which lifted fuel subsidies and cut the Cabinet by half to reduce expenses . In a televised speech on state media this month , he said the measures are necessary to help mend the economy . Sudan has faced soaring inflation since it separated with South Sudan a year ago -- taking with it more than 70 % of Sudan 's oil reserves . Sudan relied on its crude production for revenues and exports . The nation 's inflation has gone up by 30 % , according to Sudanese Finance Minister Ali Mahmud . Protesters vowed to hold more rallies Saturday when the ruling party celebrates 23 years in power . Organizers are calling for mass action using social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook , where they are posting pictures and details of upcoming protests . In similar protests in January last year , students sought to replicate the Arab Spring that has swept over the Middle East . The government quashed those protests . Sudan , South Sudan prepare for peace talks	NEW : Riot police use tear gas outside opposition mosques Sudan faces soaring inflation since its split from South Sudan a year ago President says austerity measures will help mend the economy Protests started at universities in the capital two weeks ago , but have expanded nationwide
CNN  -- Last week , we clued you in to all the annoying things that couples must cease doing on Facebook . This week , we 're taking a look at the other side of the coin . What should you do about all the digital remnants of a relationship when you 're no longer flitting through fields , holding hands and weaving flowers Lady Chatterley 's Lover-like into one another 's various expanses of hair ?  i.e. , after you 've broken up . A quick story that 's not specifically true but is likely true for many a person : Suzie has a new beau , Johnny , and they are , oh , so in love . Like , two straws , one milkshake in love . And Suzie detests sharing because she 's an only child , so you know that 's big . Naturally , the two become Facebook friends , because , well , the site has 900 million users and based on Lord Zuckerberg 's official decree , you do n't actually KNOW anyone until you click "  friend . " Suzie is happily clicking through Johnny 's pictures and scrolling through his timeline when she notices a girl named Sally has commented on quite a few snaps and left wall posts with some quite explicit descriptions of what she wants to do to his sloped-shoulder physique . Suzie is thrown into a rage that only the most only of only children can make manifest , then she realizes that the posts are from two years back . The next time she and Johnny are slurping some frozen milk she asks for the story , and Johnny reveals that Sally was his old flame , a college sweetheart who has long since lost the sweetness and acquired a whip  the accessory of choice for anyone in her rather dominating profession  . Suzie heaves a sigh of relief but still finds herself haunted by Sally 's vinyl-swaddled ghost , wondering what Sal had that she lacks , and what macabre moves Johnny might be into . The couple splits over  banana  splits just weeks later . It 's a science-proven fact  or , at least , there 's a study supporting it  : Social networks like Facebook increase jealousy , partly because information is much more accessible , and that information can often be ambiguous . Our lives are now on display for all the world to see , but often we 're not there to explain ourselves when our most loved of loved ones are perusing . That 's why we 're suggesting this week that our readers do a little bit of a purge . You likely have years ' worth of romantic failure riddled throughout your Facebook profile -- old pictures , wall posts , comments , messages -- and it 's not really a good look . It 's basically the digital equivalent of having a box of your ex 's stuff , but instead of hiding it in your closet , you 're displaying it in your living room for all visitors and cable men to see . And see it they will -- a recent study by Seventeen magazine shows that 60 % of respondents look at romantic interests ' Facebook profiles daily . We get that you might want to hold onto some of these memories . We would n't ask you to throw away every old love letter or snapshot in your closet , but there 's a more discrete way to do so . Download your Facebook profile for safekeeping . That way you 'll have a record of all photos , messages , wall posts and comments you may have received from a former beau . Once you have done so , it 's time to wipe that slate clean once and for all . Here 's how : 1  . Put your status in stealth Do n't go down the winding road that is "  making it Facebook official " in the first place , even though most couples reportedly do . Not only is changing your status back after the breakup horrible and humiliating , Facebook Timeline makes it way too easy to scroll back and see activity like relationship reduxes . When it comes to what the sitcoms whimsically call "  The Ex Files , " let your mouth do the talking , not some post from June 4 , 2011 . Note : It 's totally fine to change your status to "  married , " since that 's likely not changing any time soon  we hope  . However , apparently close to 50 % of brides  of those surveyed  do so BEFORE the wedding , which we would n't recommend . Cold feet , anyone ? 2  . Untag , untag , untag After you take any and all pictures of you and your former off of Facebook  this is kind of a given , why would anyone keep public pics of long-dead lip locks on public display ?  , untag pictures where the two of you look cozy from friends ' galleries . You might even want to ask pals to take them down wholesale . As we said , you do n't have to get rid of said pics  download your profile or particular pictures  , but no one wants to see their new hand-holder holding hands with someone old . 3  . Silence old comments We 're not suggesting that you go through every picture and post and purge your ex 's exclamations , but perhaps deep six any lengthy epistles or outpourings of love . If your new squeeze is turned off by an errant comment on an early college snap in which you 're sporting flared jeans and pigtails , s/he 's probably too jealous anyway . And blind , apparently , because that rhinestone top you 're wearing is the real mood killer . 4  . Unfriend exes Now this is a tough one . A lot of you out there purport to be friends with your ex . We believe you . This is totally possible . We 've seen such cases with our own jaded eyes . But you are not , my friend , pals with each and every person you 've ever dated , so why are they still hanging around on Facebook , liking your snaps and writing "  haha " on your most witty of witty posts ? Here 's a good litmus test : Do you refer to these "  friends " as "  my ex so and so " or "  my friend so and so ? " If it 's the former -- and you never actually hang with this person IRL -- it 's time to kill this digital sham of a friendship .	Social networks like Facebook increase jealousy because information is more accessible Study shows 60 % of respondents look at romantic interests ' Facebook profiles daily First hint ? Do n't make your relationship official on Facebook at the beginning
Just when you thought there were no more air-fare bargains left to be found online ... Customers cruising United Airlines ' website for tickets on Thursday got a pleasant surprise . As reported by Forbes , air fares between cities such as Washington , DC and Minneapolis were being sold on the site for $ 0 to $ 10 . Ticket prices on other domestic routes were displayed as $ 0 , plus $ 5 tax . Word quickly spread around the Internet and savvy buyers scooped up untold numbers of the dream tickets before United spotted the error . The $ 0 fare and other wildly reduced fares appear to have been available for about 15 minutes , before United shut down its online reservations system , reporting that its site was undergoing maintenance . "  One of our filings today contained an error which resulted in certain fares being displayed as zero . We have corrected this error , " said United in a statement that also blamed human error for the mistake . The site has since resumed normal operations . The tickets are sold , now what ? The question now : will United honor the erroneously priced tickets ? Sales of airline tickets based on erroneous fares are nothing new . In 2012 , as reported by hackmytrip.com , Singapore Airlines , United Airlines and Travelocity all wrangled with the problem . Some believe companies should stand by their sales and accept the consequences of their own mistakes . Others say airlines should n't be held accountable for honest mistakes . United has yet to issue a statement regarding its plans on whether or not to honor the tickets sold at mistaken fares . Should United Airlines honor the tickets it sold Thursday for $ 0 , $ 5 and $ 10 ? Leave a comment below .	Customers bought $ 0 fare tickets on United Airlines ' website Buyers spread the word before United corrected the error in about 15 minutes Mistake blamed on glitchy human United has n't stated whether or not it will honor the tickets
CNN  -- The arrival of autumn in Australia will be a welcome relief for international visitors emerging from a bleak winter in the northern hemisphere . There 's no mistaking the city of Sydney -- fine weather means you may struggle to see a cloud in the sky . Peak season may be winding up but with temperatures off their sticky summer highs it 's a great time to sample one of the country 's most recognizable cities . While few international visitors are likely to find themselves stranded in Sydney for 24 hours  if only !  , here 's our fast-track tour for travelers short on time . See the sun come up over Sydney Harbour . At this time of year , the sun rises at around 6:30 am , an hour after the first ferries leave the wharf , so there 's plenty of activity on the water . Early risers can waste no time in immersing themselves in Sydney 's cultural highlights . At 7:00 am , the Sydney Opera House hosts tours for just eight people to backstage areas normally off-limits to theatre-goers . At $ 100 per person , the two-hour tour is not a budget option but it does include breakfast . Be warned , the tour includes 300 steps . If you 're not exhausted by the machinations of the Opera House , cool off with a relaxing dip . A recent spate of shark attacks may have put you off Sydney 's beaches , but there are plenty of outdoor pools that offer both sun and seawater . For serious laps , try the North Sydney Olympic Pool  next to the Sydney Harbour Bridge  or for a lazier affair have a massage at Wylies Bath in Coogee . Image gallery : 24 hours in Sydney " Once in Coogee you can admire the Australian coastline by following it all the way back to Sydney 's famous Bondi Beach . Most people start in Bondi but there 's no reason why you ca n't do it in reverse . The two-hour walk takes you past bays and beaches and through the dramatic Waverley Cemetery where you can reflect on life while breathing in the views . The path ends at the Bondi Icebergs surf club where you can grab a cold fizzy beer at the bar or stay for lunch at the Bistro . The hungry seagulls and pelicans at the Sydney Fish Market make lunch there a more interesting affair . Select your meal from the huge variety of seafood inside the market , grab a bottle of wine and an outdoor table and prepare to guard your chips . There is no shortage of up-market alternatives when it comes to dining out in Sydney . For one of the best try Tetsuya 's in Kent Street . It was opened by Japanese-born Tetsuya Wakuda in 1989 and was lauded in a recent review as "  magical dining . " It 's only open for lunch on Saturdays and you 'd be advised to book well in advance for dinner . A cheaper option would be any of the BYO  bring your own  restaurants dotted around the city . Most restaurants allow you to bring your own bottle of wine , but they will charge you corkage . Still , it 's cheaper than the mark-ups on bottles at licensed premises . Until May 24 , visitors can drop into the Art Gallery of New South Wales to see the finalists and the winner of this year 's Archibald Prize , Australia 's leading portraiture contest . Shoppers can pick up a souvenir close by in one of Sydney 's oldest and most beautiful shopping centers , the Queen Victoria Building . The building opened in 1898 , underwent major refurbishment in the 1980s and is now not only a great example of Victorian architecture but a stunning place to grab a quick coffee .  Note : The builders are back but the building remains open . The new improvements are scheduled to finish in July 2009 . In the evening , take a twilight cruise of Sydney Harbour aboard a yacht . Sunsail invites everyone for a "  fun blast " around the harbor every Wednesday evening from 5:30 pm to 8:30 pm . The yacht leaves from the Boat House in Lavender Bay , a short hop from the city on the north side of the Sydney Harbour Bridge . Two new festivals have been added to a busy calendar in Sydney this year . In June , Vivid Sydney promises to turn the city into "  a living canvas of music and light . " And on October 25 , 20,000 people will have the opportunity to have "  Breakfast on the Bridge "  yes , the Sydney Harbour Bridge  as part of the month-long Crave Sydney festival . Check the NSW Master Events Calendar for more . In the evening , join the pretty young things at The Ivy in George Street , or take the lift to the fourth floor of the Hilton Hotel where you 'll find the Zeta Bar . The Loft on King Street Wharf is also popular , but it has a strict dress code so do n't turn up looking like a traveler or you wo n't get in . And finally , there 's no better place to end the night than in one of Sydney 's karaoke bars . Some allow you to bring your own drinks . Check out the private booths at Karaoke World on Elizabeth Street where you can warble without shame until the early hours .	Start the day in Sydney with a backstage tour of the famous Opera House Avoid shark scares by swimming in one of the city 's many outdoor pools Eat fish and chips with the seagulls and pelicans at the Sydney Fish Market End the night in one of the city 's Karaoke bars : some allow you to BYO
CNN  -- They met at a country bar in Utah . She was riding a mechanical bull , and he could n't help jumping on the saddle with her . The relationship started there , and the couple took it to new heights on their wedding day by tossing the bride 's bouquet and garter from a "  human slingshot . " Jacob and Natasha Johnson wanted to replicate the experience of a mechanical bull at their July 13 wedding . But their parents worried it was too "  redneck . " Luckily , they decided to hold their wedding at Hobble Creek Lodge in Springville , home of "  Utah 's human slingshot . " At first they thought it was a joke , but a bit of research showed that others had used it before . They decided to go for it . A YouTube video posted by wedding guest Colton Spencer shows the bride , still in a fluffy gown , strapped to a red rubber slingshot , her feet attached to an ATV with a stretchy cord . The groom drives the four-wheeler down the lawn and releases the cord to fling his bride through the air . Natasha says she was terrified but not necessarily for her safety . "  I was afraid of ripping my dress , " she said . She wore shorts to ensure she would n't flash guests when launched in the air . They practiced the night before , but it still took two tries to successfully launch her because she was "  20 pounds heavier " while wearing the gown . Reception guests were alerted before the launch began and gathered around . With Beyonce 's "  Single Ladies  Put a Ring on It  " playing in the background , Natasha sailed through the air and threw her bouquet back to a crowd of eager women . "  All of the ladies were waiting and my girlfriend and niece argued when my niece caught the bouquet , " she laughed . Then , it was Jacob 's turn . He was nervous about being strapped to the slingshot for other reasons : "  I turned around and saw Tasha 's dad driving the ATV . " The couple says the video has garnered international attention with people expressing shock and delight over the different take on a wedding tradition . Guests will always remember the slingshot , Natasha says , but it was n't the only exciting moment of the fun-filled night . "  The groomsmen decided to go skinny dipping in the pond , " Natasha said . "  Jacob did n't want to tell that . " The couple is enjoying married life and says life is back to normal , with a few extra interview requests . "  We 're just having fun with it , " Jacob says . What else but fun would you expect from these newlyweds ?	Newlyweds chose a "  human slingshot " to make their wedding day memorable Bride Natasha Johnson threw her bouquet while in the sling , groom Jacob threw the garter The couple says the video has garnered international attention
Naoma , West Virginia  CNN  -- Recovery crews worked in a West Virginia coal mine Monday , hoping to bring out by late afternoon the last nine bodies remaining there out of the 29 miners who died in an explosion a week ago , officials said . Authorities redirected airflow in the mine to decrease methane levels that had impeded recovery efforts on Sunday , said Jama Jarrett , spokeswoman for the West Virginia Office of Miners ' Health , Safety and Training . Thirteen bodies were removed Sunday , and rescue teams re-entered the mine around midnight . Officials predicted the remaining nine bodies would be removed by 4 or 5 p.m. Monday , Jarrett said . While a state and federal investigation began immediately after the blast at the Upper Big Branch South Mine , officials can not fully study conditions inside the mine until the bodies are removed , said Jimmy Gianato , West Virginia director of homeland security . The U.S. flag will be lowered to half-staff at all federal buildings in West Virginia for a week to honor the miners , according to a proclamation signed Monday by President Obama . Hours after rescue efforts at the mine turned into a recovery operation Saturday , Obama urged a thorough investigation into the cause of the explosion , saying , "  We can not bring back the men we lost . What we can do , in their memory , is thoroughly investigate this tragedy and demand accountability . " Crews on Saturday found the bodies of the last four miners who were unaccounted for after the blast . The death toll previously had stood at 25 . The mining disaster was the worst in the United States since 1972 , when 91 miners died in a fire at the Sunshine Mine in Kellogg , Idaho . West Virginia Sen. Jay Rockefeller , in an audio message released Sunday , offered prayers for those affected by the explosion and the families of the dead , and praised the perseverance of the rescue workers . "  You have our deepest sympathies , our deepest support , " Rockefeller said , "  and please know that all of us grieve for your loss . " Obama plans to meet with Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis and a Mine Safety and Health Administration official to hear their initial assessment of what caused the blast , along with their recommendations for steps the federal government should take to improve safety . Richmond , Virginia-based Massey Energy Co. , which owns the mine , said in a statement released Friday that it will conduct "  extensive " reviews of the mine accident "  to ensure that a similar incident does n't happen again . " Some have pointed to Massey 's safety record in the wake of the blast . But the company said the mine has had less than one violation per day in inspections by MSHA and added the rate is "  consistent with national averages . " Most of the blast victims were working in an area where long-wall cutting was taking place . The technique uses a large grinder to extract the coal and creates large amounts of coal dust and methane gas , both of which are explosive . West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin said Saturday that even though the cause of the explosion is unclear , there needs to be a focus on better ventilation and on sensors to alert mine personnel when gas levels become dangerous . "  We are going to get to the bottom of this , because families should never have to pray , as they send their loved ones to work every day , that those loved ones will in fact return , " Rockefeller said Sunday . "  Our heroic coal miners have lost too many brothers and too many sisters , and now we must stop all of this . " CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials hope to have all bodies removed by late afternoon Monday Nine bodies remain in West Virginia coal mine after 13 removed on Sunday Explosion has prompted renewed questions about mine safety President Obama to meet with safety officials over cause of the mine explosion
New York  CNN  -- A New Jersey rabbi beat and kidnapped an Israeli man and threatened to bury him alive unless he agreed to a divorce and his family paid off his ex-wife , federal prosecutors say . David Wax and his wife Judy , surrendered to FBI agents in Red Bank , New Jersey , on Monday to face kidnapping charges dating back to an incident in October , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Trenton . "  The victim was shown a body bag and told that if he did not comply , he would be buried alive in the Pocono Mountains , " according to an FBI agent 's affidavit released Monday . "  A dark-colored body bag was brought into the room and laid on the victim by Wax , who stated , ` For you to get used to the size . ' " David Wax is also charged with calling the man 's father in Israel and demanding $ 100,000 for the ex-wife -- asking him , according to court papers , "  Do you want a funeral or a divorce ? " A lawyer for the rabbi said federal prosecutors have taken over the case from state authorities , who dropped previous charges . But "  whatever the form , state or federal , Rabbi Wax is not guilty of these charges , " the attorney , Mitchell Ansell , told CNN . "  He has eight children , no prior criminal record and -LSB- is -RSB- a pillar of his community , " Ansell said in a statement Tuesday morning . "  We are confident that when the facts are made public , he will be cleared of these charges and his good name and reputation restored . " Neither the divorced couple nor their relatives were named in the charges . The couple are still involved in a contested divorce , including child custody issues , in a religious court in Israel , and the husband has refused to consent to the dissolution of their marriage , court papers state . According to the charges , the man had been working with Wax , a rabbi in Lakewood , New Jersey , and showed up to a late-night meeting at the Wax home in mid-October . When he arrived , Wax brought him to an upstairs bedroom , where two unidentified men jumped from behind , beat , bound and blindfolded him , the affidavit states . Wax also took part in the beating , according to the paperwork . During the beating , the man agreed to give his wife the divorce . But the pummeling continued for several hours , the papers state -- and one of the attackers told him that the assault was the man 's ex-wife 's "  revenge " for his delaying the proceedings . Afterward , according to the affidavit , Wax and the victim got into a taxi , then into a car driven by Judy Wax . She took them to the man 's cousin 's house in Brooklyn , where they let him go early the following morning , the charges state . Investigators who came to the Waxes ' home two days later found the carpet in the room where the man said the beating had taken place had been changed the same day , according to the affidavit . The FBI affidavit states David Wax 's cell phone records and video from an automatic teller machine support the victim 's account . There were five calls between David Wax 's cell phone and a number in Israel "  associated with " the ex-wife and her family , according to the affidavit . In addition , the affidavit states the ex-wife had arrived at Newark Liberty International Airport from Tel Aviv the day before the incident and flew back via New York 's John F. Kennedy airport the day after her ex-husband was turned loose . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	NEW : A lawyer for the rabbi says his client will be cleared An FBI affidavit describes an elaborate plot The victim was threatened with being buried alive , the FBI says "  Do you want a funeral or a divorce ? " agents say the victim 's father was asked
CNN Student News  -- May 17 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Israel • Pakistan • Memphis , Tennessee Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : An economic face-off , a special graduation speaker , and a look at what happened on this day in history . I 'm Carl Azuz , and CNN Student News is ready to take flight . First Up : Shuttle Launch UNIDENTIFIED NASA ANNOUNCER : ... liftoff for the final launch of Endeavour . Expanding our knowledge , expanding our lives in space . AZUZ : The space shuttle Endeavour taking off on its final endeavor . The launch was delayed due to mechanical problems , but NASA officials said those were all fixed . The shuttle and its crew are headed to the international space station . This is a 16-day mission and the next-to-the-last mission for the space shuttle program . Mae Jemison has flown on Endeavour before . On that mission , she became the first African-American woman to travel into space . She said yesterday 's launch brought up mixed emotions . DR. MAE JEMISON , FORMER ASTRONAUT : It 's very bittersweet , because it was a wonderful , beautiful launch . I was on the second mission of Endeavour . And things are transitioning . When we spoke last year , we were there talking about the fact that the shuttle era was coming to an end , and now the United States was putting more of its research money into how to do interplanetary travel , how to come up with the kinds of engines that are needed to go , to taking us to an asteroid . So , that transition is great , but it 's sort of hard to see the shuttle program ending . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Fulton 's business class at Shepton High School in Plano , Texas ! Which of these words means failing to make required payments on time ? Is it : A  Arbitration , B  Bankruptcy , C  Collusion or D  Default ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! When you default , it means you have n't made your payments on time . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Debt Ceiling AZUZ : There 's a chance the U.S. government could default on its debt , money that it has borrowed . Congress actually sets a limit on how much money the government can borrow . It 's called the debt ceiling . It 's kind of like the limit on a credit card : once you 've maxed out , you ca n't borrow any more . And the government is there , at that maxed-out limit : $ 14.294 trillion . If it ca n't borrow any more money , the government might not be able to pay its bills . That 's not a good thing . Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told Congress yesterday that there are ways to keep things running for a few months , but he 's urging lawmakers to raise the country 's debt ceiling . That 's something lawmakers have been debating for a while now . Maggie Lake looks at some of the arguments from both sides . BEGIN VIDEO MAGGIE LAKE , CNN ANCHOR AND BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT , NEW YORK : Republicans want trillions in cuts and no tax hikes . Democrats say tax hikes should be included in the mix . And they caution against tying the debt limit too closely to deficit reduction . JAY CARNEY , WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY : We believe that we can reach an agreement on significant deficit reduction within the same time frame that Congress needs to take action to raise the debt ceiling . But it simply would be folly , as I 've said before , to say that if we do n't get an agreement , or if we do n't get the agreement we want , then we 're just not going to raise the debt ceiling , come what may . LAKE : As politicians squabble , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner has vowed to take "  extraordinary measures " to allow the U.S. to continue paying its creditors , including borrowing from federal pension plans . Because of this , the U.S. will not default on its debt immediately . But Geithner says he 'll run out of options in early August . Many in the Capitol believe Congress must act by then , and creditors will be watching every step of the way . Creditors like China , which holds more than $ 1 trillion worth of U.S. treasuries , and Japan , which holds more than $ 890 billion worth of debt . Over the years , the U.S. has been forced to raise the debt ceiling 74 times since 1962 to pay for tax cuts , foreign wars and other spending increases . In fiscal year 2000 , total national debt stood at $ 5.5 trillion . Since then , debt has almost tripled . Most in Washington agree , not raising the debt ceiling , and defaulting on debt , would trigger a spike in borrowing rates and a loss of confidence in the ability of the U.S. government to honor its obligations . A high stakes game of political chicken is underway , and the national debt clock is ticking . Maggie Lake , CNN , New York . END VIDEO This Day in History AZUZ : On this day in history , May 17th , in 1792 , 24 stockbrokers and merchants signed the Buttonwood Agreement . That established the New York Stock Exchange . In 1875 , Oliver Lewis rode Aristides to victory . It was the first running of the Kentucky Derby , now one of the world 's most famous horse races . And in 1954 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on the case of Brown vs. The Board of Education , saying that racial segregation in public schools is unconstitutional . Border Violence AZUZ : Increased tension around the nation of Israel after protesters who support the Palestinian people fought with Israeli forces on Sunday . The violence broke out on "  Nakba Day . " Nakba is Arabic for "  catastrophe . " The day marks the time in 1948 when Arabs were moved out of their homes after Israel was established . At least 12 people were killed in the fighting on Sunday . Hundreds of others were injured . Officials from Syria and Lebanon -- two of Israel 's neighbors -- accused Israeli troops of firing on protesters . Israel said the protesters were illegally crossing the border . Israel 's prime minister said he hoped for a quick , peaceful resolution . But he added that Israel is determined to defend its borders . U.S. & Pakistan AZUZ : There 's also been some tension between the United States and Pakistan recently , especially after U.S. forces killed terrorist leader Osama bin Laden in Pakistan . The country accused the U.S. of violating Pakistani law by launching the attack on bin Laden inside of Pakistani borders . The U.S. has questioned how bin Laden lived near a Pakistani military academy without being discovered . Yesterday , U.S. Senator John Kerry , who 's the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , traveled to Pakistan . During the visit , he said the U.S. does n't need to apologize for the raid that killed bin Laden . But he said that it 's important for the two countries to find a way to resolve their differences , and he pointed out that the U.S. and Pakistan still share the same goal . SEN. JOHN KERRY ,  D  MASSACHUSETTS : We must never lose sight of this central fact : we are strategic partners with a common enemy in terrorism and extremism . Both of our countries have sacrificed too many citizens and troops in the fight , and many too many to consider abandoning this important relationship for one reason or another . Far too much is at stake here . Commencement Contest AZUZ : Booker T. Washington High School in Memphis , Tennessee had a high-profile graduation speaker for this year 's ceremony : President Obama . He was there because the school won this year 's Race to the Top Commencement Challenge . Public high schools across the country were judged on how they prepare students for college and for careers . Booker T. Washington used this video to show off some of the school 's achievements . That includes test scores higher than the state average and the school 's dramatically improved graduation rate . At yesterday 's commencement , President Obama said that Booker T. Washington 's progress should be an example for schools around the U.S. U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Today , Booker T. Washington is a place that has proven why we ca n't accept excuses -- any excuses -- when it comes to education . In the United States of America , we should never accept anything less than the best that our children have to offer . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we offer for you a little case of identity crisis . Golden retrievers are supposed to hunt ducks . This one adopted them ! They even follow her around , as if she 's their mother . For instance , when it gets warm outside , they all cool off by pooling their resources . Though with any other retriever , these feathered friends would be duck soup . The retriever will raise them for two months with dogged determination before they leave the nest ... or the pool . Goodbye AZUZ : Of course , the dog could 've ducked that kind of responsibility , but that kind of behavior would n't fit the bill . Oh yeah : duck puns ! You ca n't deny it : they quack you up . I 'm Carl Azuz , and I 'm out !	Find out why a shuttle launch brought a former astronaut mixed emotions Consider the political debate surrounding raising the U.S. debt ceiling Discover why President Obama delivered a high school graduation address Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Snow covers most of the lower 48 states after a week of wicked weather , but forecasters warned on Friday that it 's not over yet . Freezing rain threatened parts of Texas , Missouri and Tennessee and a fresh snowstorm was expected to push into the Ohio Valley . Residents of Oklahoma and Arkansas are "  likely to see ice accumulate on top of snow and that could compromise power lines , " said CNN meteorologist Bonnie Schneider . "  Keep that in mind for those of you traveling on Interstate 40 specifically . " Snow covers 65 % of the ground in the lower 48 states , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association . For comparison , last winter 's top snow coverage for the lower 48 was nearly 48 % . "  That was in February at the peak of winter and we 're still in December , " Schneider said . The powerful winter storm that dumped all that snow has moved out over the Atlantic , but not before depositing from 10 to 17 inches of snow across parts of Maine , according to the National Weather Service . Send us your photos and video of ice , snow , storms and sleet . Nationwide , storm-related incidents have been blamed for the deaths of 10 people , including two children in Arkansas and an 81-year-old Alabama man . He died Thursday of injuries suffered when a tree fell on his house in Georgiana . Snowfall totals of a foot or more were common throughout the Northeast : 21 inches fell in Woodford , Vermont ; 17.4 inches in Addison , New York ; and 15 inches in Ashfield , Massachusetts . The front was welcome news to snow enthusiasts in Vermont and northern New York . "  It will keep the ski resorts happy and they wo n't waste money making snow , " said John Goff , lead forecaster of the National Weather Service office in Burlington . The area hopes to return to a normal winter of about 80 inches of snow , up dramatically from the scant 37 to 38 inches it received last season , Goff said . "  Usually you get one or two whoppers like this and it will get you caught up quickly . " Snowfall totals will be smaller Saturday , he predicted , with 2 to 4 inches in valleys and 3 to 6 inches in the mountains . Caleb Clark , a CNN iReporter in Brattleboro in southern Vermont , called it a ` classic snowstorm . ' " "  It is  a nice and fluffy New England snow , not too dangerous and you could walk around without mittens , " he said . For travelers , major airports reported relatively few weather-related problems after a week that included thousands of flight delays and cancellations . Friday 's storm in the South was expected to move into the Northeast on Saturday . Two to four inches of snow could fall from southern Illinois to New Jersey . New York City will see a couple inches of snow on Saturday . Areas of Connecticut to eastern Massachusetts could see higher snow amounts by Saturday night depending on the storm 's track . Winter storm strands travelers Here 's the damage that the winter storm has wrought so far : Traffic nightmares On the roads on Thursday , the storm triggered multivehicle pileups and other traffic nightmares across the Midwest . Even drivers in the Northeast had a tough time navigating the icy conditions . Jim DeMarino said a normally four-hour drive from Pittsburgh to northern Virginia took eight hours . DeMarino , who lives in Alexandria , Virginia , submitted photos of what he called a "  tricky drive " along highways that were "  scattered with abandoned , crashed and disabled vehicles . " Dozens of tornadoes The same weather system that dumped heavy snow in the Midwest and Northeast spawned as many as 30 tornadoes on Christmas , some with wind speeds of more than 100 mph , across the Southeast . Fifteen of Tuesday 's powerful twisters struck Alabama , the National Weather Service confirmed . In Mobile County , David Saraceno spotted something ominous as he sped down Interstate 165 on Tuesday . He was traveling with his wife and 1-year-old daughter to visit family when he saw a tornado on the side of the road . His wife videotaped it . "  It looked like it was about two miles away from us , " Saraceno said . "  I put the pedal to the floor to try and get out of harm 's way , but it seemed to be getting closer and closer . " Panicked , Saraceno got off the interstate near the town of Chickasaw , drove in a different direction and turned around to go home . Mississippi remained under a state of emergency Friday , with 12 counties reporting storm damage . Nearly 60 homes were destroyed in those counties , and 22 injuries were reported . Winter wonderland in Dallas For others , the winter storm system brought a rare white Christmas . In Dallas , some residents had to change from short sleeves to winter coats on Tuesday , as temperatures plummeted from the 60s to the low 20s in one day . "  We knew it was going to be a white Christmas in Dallas this year as per the weather advisory , but were not aware it will turn out to be so beautiful and freezing cold , " Shail Bhatt said . It 's not often that Dallas gets more snow than Chicago , but that 's what happened this week . CNN 's Monica O'Connor , Phil Gast and Daphne Sashin contributed to this report .	NEW : Storm good news for Vermont ski resorts Snow now covers 65 % of lower 48 states , forecasters say More snow predicted for Ohio Valley and the Northeast This week 's wicked weather blamed for 10 deaths , authorities say
CNN  Universal 's "  Furious 7 " is about to make history . "  Furious 7 " -- the final film from the late Paul Walker -- is expected to gross $ 115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend , the top showing ever for an April title , not accounting for inflation.Domestically , it is getting the widest release in Universal 's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003  including Imax locations  , eclipsing "  Despicable Me 2 "  3,956  . Anything north of 4,000 is usually reserved for summer tentpoles and year-end titles . Overseas , the movie is also poised to do massive business , putting its global debut north of $ 250 million . "  Furious 7 " is opening day-and-date around the world on 10,500 screens in 63 territories , save for a few major markets including China , Russia and Japan . THR : ` Furious 7 ' scores Thailand release despite Tony Jaa contract dispute The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier , " which debuted to $ 95 million from 3,928 theaters last year . "  Furious 7 " is likewise poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date . And if it beats the $ 121.9 million launch of "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part 1 " in November 2014 , it will mark the largest three-day opening since "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire "  $ 158 million  in November 2013 . The movie enjoys massive awareness and interest , due to both the popularity of the street-racing series and Walker 's death . The last film , " Fast & Furious 6 , " debuted to a franchise-best $ 117 million over the four-day Memorial Day weekend in 2012 , including $ 97.4 million for the three days , on its way to grossing $ 788.7 million worldwide . Universal intended to open "  Furious 7 " on July 11 , 2014 , but production was halted in November 2013 when Walker died in a car crash during the Thanksgiving hiatus . After director James Wan , writer Chris Morgan and Universal pored over existing footage and tweaked the script , production resumed in April 2014 . THR : Studio profitability report - Who 's up and who 's down CGI and voice effects were used in some scenes featuring Walker 's detective character , Brian O'Conner , with Walker 's brothers , Caleb and Cody , used as stand-ins . "  Furious 7 " pits Vin Diesel 's Dominic Toretto and crew  which includes Michelle Rodriguez and Tyrese Gibson , among others , as well as Walker  against Jason Statham 's Deckard Shaw , out for revenge after the death of his brother . "  Furious 7 " is expected to usher in a string of mega-openings at the box office this year . Disney and Marvel 's "  The Avengers : Age of Ultron , " set to open May 1 , has n't come on tracking yet , but some forecasters are already suggesting it could score the top opening of all time domestically , eclipsing the record-breaking start of "  The Avengers "  $ 207 million  in 2012 . See the original story at The Hollywood Reporter 's website . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	The film is expected to gross $ 115 million or more Paul Walker died in a car crash during filming "  Furious 7 " poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 so far
CNN  The 2015 Dakar rally suffered tragedy on only its third day of competition when motorbike rider Michal Hernik was found dead . But mystery surrounds how the 39-year-old Pole lost his life . No damage was found to either his body or bike , said race director Etienne Lavigne . Hernik , who was located just a few hundred meters from the race track , had removed his helmet prior to his death . "  The circumstances surrounding his death have yet to be determined , as the competitor did not show any external signs of an accident , " said a rally statement . Hernik -- who was competing in his first Dakar -- was found at kilometer 206 on the stage between San Juan and Chilecito , in northern Argentina . Shortly after the rider , wearing bib number 82 , failed to appear at the finish line , organizers tried to find him . The search was complicated by the absence of a signal from his satellite tracker . "  When the race management detected the loss of his Irritrack signal and was informed that he had not completed the special stage at 15:16 , it decided to start a search for the rider at 15:23 , " said a statement . "  An ambulance helicopter found the rider 300 meters off the route at 16:03 . "  Unfortunately , the on-board doctor could only confirm the rider 's death . " Hernik 's death means five competitors have died since the rally moved from West Africa to South America in 2009 because of security concerns in the Sahara region . All those five have been competing in the motorbike section . Since the Dakar began on December 26 , 1978 , a total of 24 competitors have died but there have been over 50 fatalities when including the deaths of spectators and officials . Speaking after the stage , the overall leader of the motorbike race -- Joan Barreda Bort -- said it had been a challenging section . "  It was really dangerous because we were on river beds with a lot of stones and broken up tracks all day , " the Spaniard told reporters . Race organizers said Hernik had previously competed -- and completed -- both the 2013 Morocco Rally and the 2014 Abu Dhabi Desert Challenge . "  The whole Dakar family offers its condolences to Michal 's family , close friends and team , " added the Dakar statement .	Motorbike rider Michal Hernik was found dead by Dakar organizers on Tuesday Mystery surrounds his death , after both body and bike were found unharmed Hernik 's loss takes Dakar death tally to 64 since rally began in 1979
Al Qaeda 's affiliate inside Syria is now the best-equipped arm of the terror group in existence today , according to informal assessments by U.S. and Middle East intelligence agencies , a private sector analyst directly familiar with the information told CNN . Concern about the Syrian al Qaeda-affiliated group Jabhat al-Nusra , also known as the al-Nusra Front , is at an all-time high , according to the analyst , with as many as 10,000 fighters and supporters inside Syria . The United States has designated al-Nusra Front as a terrorist group with links to al Qaeda in Iraq . That assessment is shared by some Middle Eastern intelligence agencies that have long believed the United States is underestimating the Sunni-backed al Qaeda movement in the country , according to a Middle East source . It is also believed that Iran is running training camps inside Syria for Hezbollah and that other Iranian militia fighters are coming into the country to fight for the regime . The analyst has been part of recent discussions with the U.S. intelligence community , which is urgently working to understand what is going on inside the war-ravaged country and is consulting outside experts . The analyst , who declined to be named because of the sensitive nature of the information , stressed that all assessments about Syria are approximate at best because of the lack of U.S. personnel on the ground . With the growing strength and support for al-Nusra , U.S. concerns are growing about its influence to further destabilize Syria and potentially pose a greater regional threat , administration officials have told CNN . Next moves for the U.S. on Syria "  They are making desperate attempts to get chemical weapons , " the analyst told CNN , noting that in the past few weeks , security services in Iraq and Turkey arrested operatives who were "  trying to get their hands on sarin . " A senior U.S. intelligence official told CNN recently that gathering intelligence on Syria , including its potential future use of chemical weapons , is now one of the top priorities of the U.S. intelligence community . The Obama administration announced last week that it will start arming rebels because Syria crossed a "  red line " by using chemical weapons -- including sarin gas -- against the opposition . The development is likely to be at the center of the Group of Eight summit in Northern Ireland on Monday , setting a riveting backdrop to the meeting after Syria 's longtime ally Russia said the move supports "  those who kill their enemies and eat their organs . " Opinion : Peace in Syria ? Talk to Iran In one corner , the United States , the United Kingdom and France say rebels need more help in ousting a 42-year dynasty and ending a regime that crushes dissent with lethal force . In the other corner , Russia says its supply of arms to the Syrian regime is n't nearly as bad as sending weapons to the rebels . "  I believe you will not deny that one should hardly back those who kill their enemies and eat their organs . ... Do you want to support these people ? Do you want to supply arms to these people ? " Russian President Vladimir Putin asked Sunday . He was referring to a widely circulated video that allegedly showed a rebel fighter eating the heart of a dead soldier . The video , posted by a group loyal to the Syrian government , raised questions about the rebels ' credibility , even though the Syrian opposition widely condemned the act . On Monday , Putin and U.S. President Barack Obama will meet one-on-one to discuss the war that has now killed more than 92,000 people , including thousands of children . On the ground in Damascus : Locals defiant toward more U.S. help of rebels Chaos on the ground While world leaders struggle to form a unified front , the seesaw battles rage on inside Syria -- and at a staggering price . About 5,000 Syrians are killed every month , the United Nations said . The opposition once controlled the Damascus suburb of Yarmouk , which served as a Palestinian refugee camp . But Palestinian fighters supporting the regime say they 're taking the area back . "  We will keep fighting until we get rid of Jabhat al-Nusra and al Qaeda and all other insurgents in Syria , " fighter Abu Ihad told CNN 's Fred Pleitgen in Yarmouk . The pro-government fighters said they 're angry about the U.S. decision to arm the opposition , especially since members of al-Nusra Front have joined the rebels . In recent weeks , the rebels have suffered a series of devastating setbacks . Their loss of the stronghold Qusayr coincided with the arrival of Hezbollah fighters supporting Syrian troops . Syrian rebels have pleaded for anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons , saying they are outgunned by President Bashar al-Assad 's military . Explosions rock Damascus military airport The U.S. has a new game plan Obama has not detailed the increased military support , but Washington officials told CNN that the plan includes providing small arms , ammunition and possibly anti-tank weapons to the rebels . The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee told CNN 's Candy Crowley there is a strong consensus on arming Syrian rebels . "  As the Foreign Relations Committee voted nearly a month ago on a strong bipartisan vote of 15-3 ... we believe the rebels need to be armed , the moderate elements of those rebels , " said Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey . "  Public intelligence sources have said that we 've come to know who , in fact , we could ultimately arm . And the reality is we need to tip the scales , not simply to nudge them . And the president 's moving in the right direction . " Britain has not decided whether to provide weapons to rebels but has provided technical assistance and training alongside the United States , France and its other allies . "  I 'm in no doubt that responsibility lies with President Assad . It is the onslaught that he has inflicted on his own people which is the primary cause of the suffering , the humanitarian catastrophe and the deaths we have seen , " British Prime Minister David Cameron said Sunday . Russia 's president said he believed both sides were responsible for the bloodshed . Putin said he hoped the G8 summit this week would help broker a peace deal to end the carnage . But it 's unclear how many more lives may be lost in the meantime . Putin warns U.S. , West against arming organ-eating Syrian rebels	Al-Nusra Front could have as many as 10,000 fighters inside Syria , analyst says Concern about the group is at an all-time high The Syrian civil war is expected to top the agenda at the G8 summit this week The meeting comes days after the U.S. said it will start arming Syrian rebels
CNN  -- Bush fires blazing in Australia 's New South Wales claimed their first victim Friday after a man died of a suspected heart attack defending his home against the blaze on the NSW Central Coast . Australian media reports said Walter Lindner , 63 , collapsed while battling alongside his neighbor to save his heritage-listed homestead . He was rushed to hospital but was later pronounced dead . Meanwhile , more than 20 bush fires continued to burn uncontrolled across the state despite the easing weather conditions , according to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . Authorities say hundreds of homes have been lost with the worst hit areas in the Blue Mountains , a World Heritage area to the west of Sydney , sending thick plumes of smoke into the air . Firefighters were battling 98 fires across New South Wales as of late Thursday , according to the state 's Rural Fire Service . Earlier Thursday , the fire service tweeted that 34 blazes were still out of control . More than 100 firefighters were battling flames in Heatherbrae , where one fire has so far destroyed 3,500 hectares  8,649 acres  , the service said . New South Wales Premier Barry O'Farrell warned at a news conference Thursday that hundreds of homes could be destroyed by the time the crisis is over . He paid tribute to the efforts of the emergency responders battling the flames . "  Today 's conditions , both the hot , dry conditions but also the wind conditions , have contributed to the difficulties faced by firefighters and communities on the ground , " he said . "  This difficult , damaging and dangerous day and these conditions are not going to be over quickly , " he said . "  Weather conditions are changing . It will take some days to see the end of these fires , and I suspect if we get through that without the loss of life , we should thank God for miracles . " Footage broadcast by CNN affiliate Seven Network showed flames consuming homes . The New South Wales Rural Fire Service has issued emergency warnings for the most risky situations . They include the State Mine Fire , a large bush fire moving from Lithgow toward Bilpin , in the Blue Mountains , which has burned more than 20,000 hectares  more than 49,000 acres  of bushland , firefighters said . Another blaze threatens homes in the Springwood area of the Blue Mountains .	NEW : 63-year-old man dies helping neighbor in New South Wales The fire service said earlier Thursday that 34 fires were still out of control If there 's no loss of life , "  we should thank God for miracles , " says state premier 98 fires are now burning , the New South Wales Rural Fire Service says
CNN  Yesterday , members of the 114th Congress took the oath of office and ushered in a new Republican majority . It 's a fresh beginning for our country , and I 'm optimistic . A lot can be achieved if President Obama and his party work with us to advance common-sense jobs ideas for the middle class . In the Senate , we welcome many new senators determined to achieve serious results . These men and women share my party 's resolve to end Washington 's dysfunction and get things done for the middle class again . The truth is , the American people no longer trust Washington to do the right thing . For many , it 's never seemed harder just to get by . Many faced the reality of losing their health plan after being told they could keep it . Many continue to struggle with rising medical costs that the president and his allies in Congress repeatedly told us would fall . Confidence in the American Dream wanes at home , while the world seems filled with chaos overseas . Americans are rightly concerned . And yet , for years Washington has seemed uninterested or incapable of addressing their concerns ; for years , Washington seemed to be working for itself instead of for them . That changes today . Because the message voters sent in November was clear . They want the administration to change course and move to the middle , and they want dysfunction in the Senate to come to an end . The American people did n't ask for a government that tries to do everything and they did n't ask for a government that aims to do nothing . They want a government that works again . They want us to focus on more jobs , more opportunity , and more flexibility for a middle class that feels squeezed . Jobs ideas with strong bipartisan support -- like simplifying our broken tax system , opening more markets to American-made products , and approving bipartisan infrastructure projects like the Keystone Pipeline -- provide a strong foundation for success . We plan to work to send that kind of common-sense legislation to the president for his signature . But to ensure the best outcome , two things will be needed . First , we need a Congress that functions again . Having an effective Congress will help us move beyond an age of government by crisis . But it 's going to take significant changes to the way the Senate 's been operating . The era we 've just been through -- with bipartisan jobs bills sent over from the House routinely killed , and senators ' serious jobs ideas regularly silenced -- has to change . Second , both parties need to make divided government work . This is where President Obama really comes in . His recent actions , including threatening to veto a bipartisan jobs project like the Keystone XL pipeline within minutes of the new Congress being sworn in , have been anything but productive . The President himself has noted that the American people are counting on him to work with the Congress they elected to get things accomplished . Now it 's time to show he meant it I hope he will . As we 've seen in the past , divided government is n't a reason to do nothing ; it 's often been a spur to achieve big things . Reagan worked with Democratic leaders to pass bold reforms to taxes and Social Security . A Republican Congress worked with Clinton to pass groundbreaking welfare reform . And if President Obama is interested in historic achievement , this can be his time , too . But bipartisan progress can only be achieved if President Obama is interested in it . He 's the only one who can bring his party on board or sign what Congress passes . It wo n't be easy for him . The president 's supporters are pressing for militancy , not compromise . But they need to understand that democracy is n't about what you can get away with , it 's about what you can achieve together . Whatever the president decides , this Congress is going to function again . It 's going to legislate again for the people we were sent here to serve . Some of the things we pass may seem significant ; some may seem more modest . That 's okay . And while we 're always going to be looking for areas where we can agree , it 's also okay if the president does n't love every bill Congress passes . Few presidents do . The point is , our job is not to protect the President from good ideas . Our job is to get the Senate back to work . Our job is to focus on serious ideas designed to boost the middle class and help restore our nation 's promise for future generations . And that 's just what we plan to do .	Mitch McConnell : Americans expect Washington to work for them He says divided government can still yield historic achievement
CNN  -- A jury in Georgia found a man guilty of homicide by vessel in the death of singer Usher Raymond 's former stepson . Kile Glover , 11 , and a 15-year-old girl were riding on an inner tube that was being pulled by a pontoon boat on a Georgia lake when a personal watercraft hit them in July 2012 , according to witnesses . Jeffrey Simon Hubbard , a 40-year-old Atlanta man , was operating the personal watercraft , investigators said . He was a family friend who was part of their group outing on Lake Lanier north of Atlanta . A Hall County , Georgia , jury Thursday found Hubbard guilty on five counts including homicide by vessel in the first degree , serious injury by vessel , reckless operation of a vessel , unlawful operation of a personal watercraft , and a boat traffic violation . Sentencing is set for next month . Kile suffered a serious head injury and died two weeks later at Children 's Healthcare at Egleston in Atlanta . The boy 's mother , Tameka Raymond , was married to Usher for two years . They have two children together from their marriage . They divorced in 2009 . Kile 's father is Ryan Glover , the president of Bounce TV , a fledgling television network targeting African-American audiences . He is also a former executive with Turner Broadcasting , the parent company of CNN . CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Kile Glover , 11 , was riding on an inner tube hit by a personal watercraft Jeffrey Simon Hubbard was operating the personal watercraft The boy 's mother , Tameka Raymond , was married to Usher for two years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Department of Veterans Affairs has agreed to pay $ 20 million to current and former military personnel to settle a class action lawsuit on behalf of the men and women whose personal data was on a laptop computer stolen during a burglary . The names , dates of birth and Social Security numbers of about 26.5 million active duty troops and veterans were on the laptop and external drive , which disappeared while in the custody of a Veterans Affairs data analyst in 2006 . The theft led to an urgent search by federal authorities that ended with recovery of the laptop and a conclusion that the missing data had not been improperly used . "  The defendants -LSB- VA -RSB- have agreed to pay a lump sum of $ 20 million to the plaintiffs inclusive of fees and costs in exchange for the dismissal of this litigation , " according to the settlement document . In a statement , the VA said it "  is committed to being the ` gold standard ' in data security , just as we are a leader in the health care industry . We want to assure veterans there is no evidence that the information involved in this incident was used to harm a single veteran . " The settlement , announced in U.S. District Court in Washington , was reached "  in the interests of avoiding the expense , delay , and inconvenience of further litigation of the issues raised in the class complaints , " the agreement says . The funds will go to military personnel and veterans who were harmed by the loss of personal data , either through emotional distress or through costs incurred in monitoring credit records . The settlement ends nearly three years of litigation . After the May 3 , 2006 , theft , five veterans groups filed the class action suit initially seeking $ 1,000 in damages for every veteran whose information was compromised in the computer theft . On June 29 , 2006 , the FBI announced the stolen laptop had been recovered and that it appeared no one had accessed the personal data . The FBI said it believes the laptop was taken in a routine burglary .	Laptop had data on 26.5 million active duty troops and veterans 2006 theft led to class-action lawsuit FBI says laptop stolen in routine burglary , data not accessed
CNN  -- Those who knew Maya Angelou and others inspired by her life , wisdom and words were remembering her Wednesday . "  Phenomenal Woman " -- the title of Angelou 's poem celebrating the strength of women -- quickly trended worldwide on Twitter . Celebrity tweets also included "  true inspiration , " "  hero " and "  national treasure . " Others needed more than Twitter 's 140 characters to express their personal loss . Legendary author Maya Angelou dies at age 86 -- Oprah Winfrey called Angelou her "  mentor , mother/sister , and friend since my 20 's . " "  She was there for me always , guiding me through some of the most important years of my life , " Winfrey said . "  The world knows her as a poet but at the heart of her , she was a teacher . ` When you learn , teach . When you get , give ' is one of my best lessons from her . " "  She won three Grammys , spoke six languages and was the second poet in history to recite a poem at a presidential inauguration . But what stands out to me most about Maya Angelou is not what she has done or written or spoken , it 's how she lived her life . She moved through the world with unshakeable calm , confidence and a fierce grace I loved her and I know she loved me . I will profoundly miss her . She will always be the rainbow in my clouds . " -- President Barack Obama called Angelou "  one of the brightest lights of our time -- a brilliant writer , a fierce friend , and a truly phenomenal woman . " "  Over the course of her remarkable life , Maya was many things -- an author , poet , civil rights activist , playwright , actress , director , composer , singer and dancer , " Obama said . "  But above all , she was a storyteller -- and her greatest stories were true . A childhood of suffering and abuse actually drove her to stop speaking -- but the voice she found helped generations of Americans find their rainbow amidst the clouds , and inspired the rest of us to be our best selves . In fact , she inspired my own mother to name my sister Maya . " -- President Bill Clinton said "  America has lost a national treasure . " "  The poems and stories she wrote and read to us in her commanding voice were gifts of wisdom and wit , courage and grace , " the former president said . "  I will always be grateful for her electrifying reading of ` On the Pulse of Morning ' at my first inaugural , and even more for all the years of friendship that followed . " "  Now she sings the songs the Creator gave to her when the river ` and the tree and the stone were one . ' " -- President George W. Bush said Angelou was "  among the most talented writers of our time . " "  Her words inspired peace and equality and enriched the culture of our country . We are grateful for the work she leaves behind , and we wish her the peace she always sought . " -- Filmmaker Tyler Perry said Angelou was one of "  a handful of people in my life who have moved me , inspired me , encouraged me , and helped mold the man I am today . " "  Her words and her spirit are too powerful to leave this earth with her passing . Her legacy and poems will take wings , forever landing at the foundation of anything that betters humanity . Dr. Maya Angelou will live on in all of us who called her a phenomenal woman , phenomenally . " -- Music producer Quincy Jones , who collaborated with Angelou on two songs for the soundtrack of the 1968 film "  For Love of Ivy , " said this : "  As an author and poet , Maya Angelou 's ability to channel God 's voice and express the feelings deep within all of humanity will never be matched by another . She gave us words when we could find none , and helped us to see clearly when the light was dimmest . " -- Jim Caldwell , head coach of the NFL 's Detroit Lions , knew Angelou from the days he coached football at Wake Forest , where she was a professor : "  She was extremely impactful . You look at just the body of her work and what a difference that made for our society from a cultural standpoint , and from a social standpoint as well . She influenced a number of students and folks , like myself , who worked there at the university , who had the great fortune of coming into contact with her . " -- Civil rights activist and former U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young called Angelou "  an activist poet . " "  She was one of the most positive people on this planet-through her life , her wisdom , her poetry and prose she lifted the aspirations and nurtured the spirits of everyone she touched . She worked for Martin Luther King in the early days of the civil rights movement . She was a friend and confidante to Nelson Mandela and to me . Maya inspired young girls to grow into ` Phenomenal Women . ' She walked with Kings , Presidents and Nobel Prize winners and never lost the common touch . " -- Major League Baseball executive Frank Robinson said the league would honor Angelou with its 2014 Beacon of Life Award this Friday . "  All of us at Major League Baseball mourn the loss of the incomparable Dr. Maya Angelou , who led a full and accomplished life and left an indelible impact on our society . Today we have lost one of our greatest voices , but Dr. Angelou 's words will live on and will continue to inspire generations to come . With a heavy heart , the National Pastime will honor Dr. Angelou at this weekend 's Civil Rights Game in a manner befitting her remarkable legacy . " Opinion : How Maya Angelou gave me life Celebrity Twitter reactions Rihanna : "  Angel . #RIPMayaAngelou The first book I read as a teenager , "  I know why the caged bird sings " . Felt like we knew her " Ellen DeGeneres : "  Today the world lost one of it 's greatest gifts . I 'm sending love to the friends and family of Maya Angelou . " Pharrell Williams : "  Saddened by the news of Maya Angelou 's passing . A brilliant woman who contributed so much to the world . Her light will be sorely missed . " J.K. Rowling : "  If you are always trying to be normal , you will never know how amazing you can be . " Maya Angelou - who was utterly amazing . " Common : "  I was thinking about her lately . GOD Bless the Soul of one if my heroes . Dr Maya Angelou " Steve Harvey : "  Sad to hear the news of Maya Angelou passing . She is a true inspiration and will be missed . " Eva Longoria : "  The world lost an incredible woman today who inspired me and millions of others . #RIP Maya Angelou " Terry McMillan : "  We were fortunate to have Maya Angelou embrace our sense of self and humanity when many of us were losing or had lost faith . " Lenny Kravitz : "  There are no words ... " Pitbull : "  The first time someone shows you who they are , believe them . " Omar Epps : "  RIP Maya Angelou ! Thank you for sharing your gifts . " Kellie Pickler : "  RIP Maya Angelou - A woman of Grace , Wisdom , Kindness & Love ... we can all learn from your beautiful ... " Erik Estrada : "  RIP Maya Angelou . Your words have changed peoples thinking & sometimes their behavior . Thank you for sharing your life with so many . " Olivia Wilde : "  RIP Maya Angelou , a badass woman who saw the impossible as merely a dare . " Maria Shriver : "  God bless @DrMayaAngelou . A woman who used her voice to raise up , inspire and educate . Her words will live on in everyone who reads them . " Opinion : Maya Angelou : The definition of a phenomenal woman Some of Angelou 's most powerful speeches Opinion : Food , friends and freedom : Nikki Giovanni remembers Maya Angelou	Oprah Winfrey : "  She was there for me always , guiding me " President Obama : Angelou "  one of the brightest lights of our time " President Bush : "  Her words inspired peace and equality and enriched the culture of our country " Erik Estrada : "  Your words have changed peoples thinking & sometimes their behavior "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A judge ordered two men to stand trial on charges relating to the beating of San Francisco Giants fan Bryan Stow after a Los Angeles Dodgers game last year . Marvin Norwood , 30 , and Louie Sanchez , 29 , both of Rialto , California , are each charged with mayhem , assault and battery , and all three charges are felonies , according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office . The Los Angeles judge made the ruling in the defendants ' preliminary hearing , which began last week . The two men have pleaded not guilty . Stow , a 42-year-old paramedic from Santa Cruz , California , went into a coma as a result of the March 31 , 2011 , beating in the parking lot of Dodger Stadium after a game with the Giants . Stow is recovering from a brain injury suffered in the beating , and a website set up by his family stated last week , "  As we have said before , Bryan 's memory was hugely affected , mainly his short term . It 's really hard to see him forget even something that happened minutes ago . "  Bryan still does n't understand or realize what has happened . When he expresses frustration or seems sad or confused we just remind him of how far he has come and how strong he is , " the website said . Sanchez is also charged with two misdemeanor counts -- one for battery and the other for assault -- against one person inside the ballpark and another person in the parking lot on the same day , according to court documents provided by prosecutors . Sanchez and Norwood were arrested at their San Bernardino County homes July 21 . The defendants ' next court date is June 22 . CNN 's David Lake contributed to this report .	Marvin Norwood , 30 , and Louie Sanchez , 29 , are charged with felonies They have pleaded not guilty San Francisco Giants fan Bryan Stow was beaten after a Los Angeles Dodgers game Stow had been in a coma and is now recovering from a brain injury
CNN  -- A Tunisian opposition leader was fatally shot outside his home Thursday , setting off protests in a nation still raw from the February assassination of a different politician who opposed the Islamist-led governing party . The slaying of Mohammed Al-Brahmi and the public 's reaction are the latest bout of turmoil striking the North African country that had been seen as a poster child of stability after the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings . Al-Brahmi , a member of Parliament and leader of the liberal Popular Movement , was shot as he tried to drive away from his home in Ariana , near the Tunisian capital of Tunis , the state-run news agency TAP reported . Afterward , thousands of people protested the killing outside the Interior Ministry in Tunis on Thursday , according to Tunisian state TV . Presidential spokesman Adnene Mansar called the incident a "  heinous crime " and urged Tunisians not to fall into a "  trap of discord . " "  The crime , whose perpetrators decided to commit it on Republic Day , came as the outlines of the transition phase start to emerge and as the establishment of Independent High Authority for Elections  ISIE  is nearing  an  end , " Mansar said in a statement distributed by the state-run news agency TAP . "  Apart from the thugs they have used this time to carry out their new crime , the hidden forces of corruption remain a threat to the country 's future , " Mansar 's statement said . "  The blow we can bring to these forces and their plans is to remain united against all those who dare to undermine the stability and security of the country . " Thursday 's protest may be just the beginning . A labor union called for a general strike for Friday , TAP reported . "  Al-Brahmi 's death  is likely to reactivate the mass protests and strikes across multiple sectors , " Anna Boyd , a senior Middle East analyst at IHS Country Risk , said in an e-mailed statement Thursday before news of the day 's protests came . Al-Brahmi is the second leftist opposition figure to be killed in Tunisia since February 6 , when gunmen killed Chokri Belaid outside his home . Belaid helped lead Tunisia 's Popular Front , a coalition of a leftist political parties . Al-Brahmi 's movement recently joined with that group . Both politicians opposed the Islamist-led Nahda party , which swept into power following the revolution that toppled longtime President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali in January 2011 . Belaid 's assassination -- the first time since Tunisia 's 1956 independence that a politician had been a target inside the country -- roiled the nation , setting off massive protests and leading to the resignation of the prime minister . Al-Brahmi 's body was found with at least 11 gunshot wounds , the Interior Ministry told CNN Arabic . Witnesses said that two people on a motorcycle shot Al-Brahmi before fleeing , TAP reported . A U.N. statement from a spokesperson for Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called both Al-Brahmi and Belaid 's assassinations "  acts of political violence  that  weaken legitimate state institutions . " Al-Brahmi 's death "  must not be allowed to derail the progress that Tunisia continues to make in its democratic transition , including on the Constitution , and in meeting the social and economic aspirations of the Tunisian people , " said the U.N. statement . CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Laura Smith-Spark , Ammar Benaziz , Schams Elwazer , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Greg Botelho and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. says "  this heinous must not ... derail the progress " toward democracy in Tunisia The slaying of Mohammed Al-Brahmi sets off protests in capital , state-run TV reports Al-Brahmi is the second Tunisian opposition leader to be killed in five months Labor union calls for general strike Friday
CNN  -- Each morning of his federal kidnapping trial , Brian David Mitchell sings . In the last few days , he has chosen a holiday theme , with "  Silent Night " or "  Joy to the World ' rising from the defense table as Mitchell closes his eyes and rocks slightly -- lost , it appears , in hymns and psalms . The 12 people weighing his fate have witnessed the spectacle from the jury box . They will soon have to determine whether the man accused of snatching 14-year-old Elizabeth Smart from her bed at knifepoint and holding her captive for nine months is legally insane , as his lawyers claim , or a calculating kidnapper . Mitchell 's attorneys are mounting an insanity defense , which requires them to prove he was so mentally ill when he snatched Smart that he did not understand the wrongfulness of his actions . U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball has adjourned the trial until after the Thanksgiving holiday , when Mitchell 's defense team will continue its case , and present expert testimony in support of the insanity claim . Mitchell 's attorneys have called witnesses to describe his increasingly isolated and odd behavior . But many have also described the 57-year-old as intelligent and resourceful ; someone with a salesman 's knack for persuasion . Through tears Friday , Mitchell 's legal wife said again and again that she 'd been manipulated by him . Wanda Barzee was called to the stand as a defense witness , but it was her cross examination by the prosecution that dramatically punctuated the week of proceedings . She is currently medicated and undergoing therapy for her own mental illness . Barzee , who is serving a 15-year sentence for her role in Smart 's abduction , said she was present while Mitchell kept Smart tethered to a metal cable at a mountain camp above Salt Lake City . Barzee said Mitchell played on her strong religious convictions , using "  revelations " and "  priesthood blessings " to sway and appease her . When she complained about his heavy drinking , Mitchell said he 'd had a divine revelation that condoned it , she testified . Her heart broke at the thought of sharing him with other wives . He placed his hand on her head and delivered a blessing , telling her weakness would result in eternal consequence , she claimed . He smoked and read Hustler Magazine , ` because in order to rise above all things , he told her they had to sink below them . "  He 's a good liar , is n't he ? " Assistant U.S. Attorney Felice Viti asked . Barzee agreed : "  He 's a great deceiver . " The battle over Mitchell 's mental state has played out in state and federal courts over the years . In February 2005 , after failed plea negotiations with Utah prosecutors , Mitchell began his courtroom singing , according to court documents . Later that year , a state court found him incompetent to stand trial . His doctors diagnosed him with "  narcissistic personality disorder , " and said his illness fell "  within the psychotic spectrum . " In 2008 , a federal grand jury indicted Mitchell and Barzee on charges of kidnapping and transportation of a minor across state lines for sexual purposes . The following year , Elizabeth Smart herself took the witness stand at a hearing in federal court to determine Mitchell 's competency . U.S. District Court Judge Dale Kimball issued a 149-page written order , finding Mitchell well enough to stand trial . Kimball carefully cited testimony from Mitchell 's caretakers at Utah State Hospital 's forensic unit , where Mitchell was confined after his arrest . A nursing director testified that Mitchell 's unwillingness to work towards restoring his mental competency "  was a huge red flag that he was faking , " and that "  there was a distinct correlation between Mitchell 's singing and his court appearances . "  During his three-year stay at the hospital , Mitchell read dozens of books , yet he never asked for a religious text , " noted Kimball . "  He especially enjoyed the show Charmed , " pulling his chair close to the screen whenever the women at the center of the witchcraft drama were scantily clad , the caretakers said . Kimball adopted a skeptical view of Mitchell 's convictions , writing that "  the record is replete with examples showing that Mitchell 's religious beliefs are not fixed but , rather , used strategically . "  For instance , Mitchell 's claim to be a prophet , the Davidic King , or the One Mighty and Strong , manifests only when it serves his own self-interested purpose . When he encountered law enforcement officer or people from whom he could obtain money , food or shelter , he made no such grandiose claims , " wrote Kimball . "  Mitchell has accurately read and exploited the vulnerability in the system , which protects mentally incompetent persons from standing trial ... stalling the process of his legal case for nearly seven years , " the judge concluded . The ruling cleared the way for Mitchell 's trial to begin about two weeks ago in Salt Lake City 's federal courthouse . On the second day of the defense case this week , Mitchell 's elderly father made his way to the witness stand with the help of a walker to describe his son 's character traits . "  Brian 's a very intelligent person and used that to its full extent in the harassment of the other children and my wife , " he said . The father described him as a sexually curious boy who "  got in trouble playing doctor " with other children around the age of 8 or 9 . To educate his son , the father showed him an old medical book with detailed pictures of genitalia . But the plan backfired , the father said , and Mitchell promptly got into trouble again for playing doctor "  with the rest of the neighborhood . " "  It was ill-advised because it was too explicit , really . I should have known better , but I was n't always very careful , " the elder Mitchell testified . Court documents reveal signs of sexual deviance that continued into Mitchell 's teens . He was arrested for exposing himself to a 4-year-old girl in the neighborhood . The probation officer assigned to his case called Mitchell 's behavior "  bordering on psychotic , " and referred him to a psychologist who diagnosed "  Behavior Disorder of Adolescence . " Another counselor at the time described Mitchell as an "  excellent manipulator . " Tim Mitchell , the defendant 's younger brother , said he watched as a troubled Mitchell grappled to turn his life around and embrace the Church of Latter-day Saints before beginning a steady mental slide , alienating his family and church leaders . "  I said , ' I think you 're going off on the wrong way , I think you 're drifting away form the church . I think maybe you 've been deceived by a false spirit , ' " Tim Mitchell testified . His brother suddenly asked to be called "  Daveed , " but he refused . "  I just kept calling him Brian . " Their relationship ended after that . "  I started feeling that this is really starting to look like a mental illness and I sent a letter encouraging him to get some help , " testified Tim Mitchell , a mental health counselor . Mitchell met his wife , Barzee , at a church-sponsored counseling session in 1985 , the woman testified Thursday . As she shared her story of an abusive marriage , Mitchell took her hand to comfort her . "  And we 've held hands ever since , " she testified . But eventually , he began to seek out other "  celestial wives , " she said . In a low , rambling voice that sometimes failed her , Barzee described collapsing crying in her husband 's arms when he told her of a revelation to take more wives . When attempts to find a willing bride failed , Mitchell declared they were to use force , she said . "  I was told that we were commanded to take 14-year-old young women and we were to snatch them out of the world and train them up in the ministries of God . " She had concerns about this , she said . "  I knew that the Lord had all power to provide the young women if that was his will , and I know of the pain and suffering that I had been through being separated from my children and I did n't want the young women to be taken away from their family and their friends . " Nevertheless , she strived to be obedient . Mitchell began to "  stalk out " young girls while panhandling in town , Barzee testified , and on the morning of June 5 , 2002 , he arrived at their camp with Elizabeth Smart in tow . Smart has described him as preoccupied more with the sexual than the spiritual , raping her multiple times per day , and demonstrating with Barzee the finer points of certain sex acts . If the defense evidence regarding Mitchell 's state of mind meets the burden of "  clear and convincing " in the jury 's estimation , he could walk the streets of Salt Lake City again somedayt . If not , he will face a sentence of life behind bars . The defendant himself may not be present to face jurors as they deliver his verdict ; he watches the proceedings on a security camera monitor each day , expelled from the courtroom for his steadfast refusal to stop singing .	Brian Mitchell 's attorneys are mounting an insanity defense against rape , kidnap charges They must prove he was so mentally ill he did not understand wrongfulness of actions Some describe him as isolated ; others , as someone with salesman 's knack for persuasion
PEOPLE.com  -- Two weeks after undergoing a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery , Giuliana Rancic was back on the set at "  E! News " on Tuesday . "  Even though I moved a tad slower than usual today , everyone welcomed me back with open arms and it was a wonderful homecoming , " she says in a statement on the network 's Web site . Rancic , 37 , had the surgery December 13 after lumpectomies failed to eradicate her breast cancer . "  It feels great to be back at work , " she says . "  I was n't sure whether I was going to return to ` E! News ' this week or after the new year . The last thing I wanted to do was rush my recovery . " She adds : "  Thankfully , I 've been feeling better every single day since surgery and this weekend my doctors gave me the green light to get back to work . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Giuliana Rancic was back on the set at E! News on Tuesday after her surgery Rancic , 37 , had the surgery after lumpectomies failed to eradicate her breast cancer "  It feels great to be back at work , " she says
CNN  -- The Spanish football season is set to get under way this weekend , after strike action by players which forced the opening round of fixtures to be postponed was ended on Thursday . Players from Spain 's top two divisions went on strike earlier this month , in a bid to force the league to increase the fund which protects players ' wages should clubs experience financial difficulties . The strike ended after the Spain 's Professional Football League  LFP  guaranteed the Association of Spanish Footballers  AFE  payments owed to 200 players would be made . "  The Strike Committee of AFE and the LFP have reached an agreement which guarantees through various means the salaries of footballers , " read a statement on the AFE 's official web site . How match fixing ruined the beautiful game "  After the meeting held today on August 25th , 2011 between the AFE and the LFP , the strike planned for Friday 26th , Saturday 27th , Sunday 28th and Monday 29th has been called off . " Another result of the talks is that players will now be able to leave their club if they are owed three months wages or more . The resolution means the season will now begin with the second round of fixtures , with the first match of the campaign set to be Real Sociedad 's trip to Sporting Gijon . "  We want to thank all the Spanish and non-Spanish footballers that play in our league championship , " continued the statement . "  We want to let you know how proud we are of all of them , for their show of unity and solidarity without precedent that they gave for many companions who were going through truly tough times . " Reigning Spanish and European champions Barcelona will not start their domestic season until Monday , due to their participation in Friday 's European Super Cup match against Porto . Their opponents will be last term 's third-place team Villarreal , who defeated Danish outfit Odense on Tuesday to reach the groups stages of the European Champions League . Last season 's Copa del Rey winners Real Madrid kick-off their season away to Real Zaragoza on Sunday . As the strike in Spain came to an end , Italian players moved a step closer to similar action after the country 's clubs voted in favor of changes to the collective contract signed by all footballers . Teams in Italy 's Serie A , the top division , and Serie B , the second tier , want to hand coaches the power to force unwanted players to train away from the first team . They also want to introduce changes to the tax paid by the competition 's highest earners . "  We dictated the precise conditions yesterday to renew the collective agreement . Our demands are reasonable and balanced , " Serie A chief Maurizio Beretta told the league 's official web site . The row has cast doubt over whether this weekend 's opening fixtures can take place , with champions AC Milan set to take on Cagliari on Saturday .	The Spanish players strike has been called off ahead of this weekend 's matches The dispute has ended after the league agreed to pay money owed to players Italian players are set to strike over planned changes to the players collective agreement
CNN  -- A conference of Islamic prosecutors in Iran worked Wednesday to draft an indictment against Israeli leaders , accusing them of crimes against humanity and war crimes in Gaza . Palestinian women walk past a building destroyed during Israel 's campaign in Gaza . The charges stem from Israel 's late-December offensive into Gaza against Hamas militants . The Israeli military has been accused of using excessive and indiscriminate force in civilian areas . Israel is "  a regime that only understands the language of violence and force , " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said at the gathering , in calling for the prosecution of Israeli "  criminals . " "  I am confident that there will come a day when all Zionist criminals will be brought to justice , " he said on the second day of the conference in Tehran , the capital of Iran . The Iranian president regularly rails against Israel and has called for the Jewish state 's elimination . Yigal Palmor , a spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry , said : "  The day when this conference will start dealing with human rights in the countries that are members of this organization will be the day that their claims concerning Israel will be deserved to be heard , not before . People who live in glass houses should n't throw stones , let alone commit suicide bombings . " "  The accusations themselves are nothing more than the hysterical , hostile coverage of the media in these countries and not based on solid facts , " he continued . Human Rights Watch , in a report released last month , said there was evidence that Israel committed war crimes in Gaza by firing white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas . Israel has rejected that claim . Israel also has said that the offensive was to defend against repeated rocket attacks by Palestinians . The Israel Defense Forces said on Wednesday its forces "  operated in accordance with international law " during recent fighting in Gaza , but said there were a few incidents in which "  intelligence or operational errors " occurred . This is the conclusion of probes that emerged from Operation Cast Lead , in which Israel was broadly criticized for its actions in Gaza . Phosphorus shells can be used to create a smokescreen for troops . In creating the diversion , the element ignites when exposed to oxygen and can cause severe burns . The Israeli offensive was launched December 27 and ended January 17 with a cease-fire . Of the 1,453 people estimated killed in the conflict , 1,440 were Palestinian , including 431 children , a U.N. report recently said . Thirteen Israelis died -- three civilians and six soldiers were killed by Hamas , and four soldiers were killed by friendly fire -- the report said . A spokesman for the Israeli prime minister called the U.N. report an example of the "  one-sided and unfair " attitude of the U.N. Human Rights Council , which had requested it . The two days of meetings in the Iranian capital have included more than 200 senior judicial officials from the Organization of the Islamic Conference -- an association of 56 states . The organization might ask the U.N. International Court of Justice to charge Israeli leaders with crimes against humanity and war crimes in Gaza . The court would not be obligated to act .	Islamic prosecutors draft indictment against Israeli leaders over Gaza offensive Iranian President Ahmadinejad says "  Zionist criminals " should face justice Human Rights Watch says evidence Israel committed war crimes Israeli spokesman says claims are "  hysterical , hostile ... not based on solid facts
CNN  -- Two commuter trains collided head-on Monday evening in western Switzerland , injuring dozens , officials said . One locomotive 's driver was missing after the crash , police said , and search crews were trying to pry open the train 's crushed cab . At least 40 people were injured , including five seriously , Swiss Federal Railways spokesman Reto Schaerli told CNN . The collision happened in the village of Granges-prÃ ¨ s-Marnand , about 8 km  5 miles  south of Payerne , around 6:45 p.m. Rescue teams at the scene included paramedics , firefighters , police and an air rescue helicopter , police said . Authorities are investigating what caused the crash . "  At the moment , we do n't have any ... information how this collision happened , " Schaerli said . The trains were on a route between Payerne and Lausanne , a city on the shores of Lake Geneva , Schaerli said . The crash will interrupt train service between Payerne and Moudon -- a city near the line 's halfway point -- until at least midnight , Schaerli said . CNN 's Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	NEW : One train 's driver is missing after a head-on collision , police say The head-on crash of two commuter trains happened around 6:50 p.m. , spokesman says It 's too early to know what caused the collision in western Switzerland , the spokesman says The trains were on a route between Payerne and Lausanne , spokesman says
Boston  CNN  -- James "  Whitey " Bulger was one of the most "  vicious , violent and calculating criminals to ever walk the streets of Boston , " prosecuting attorney Fred Wyshak told the jury Monday as closing arguments began after 35 days of testimony in Bulger 's trial . Bulger is accused of 19 killings and 13 counts of extortion and money laundering during a 20-year "  reign of terror " that defined South Boston from the early '70s through 1995 , when Bulger fled Boston . The prosecution took close to three and a half hours for its closing . The defense took over two and a half hours to make its case , then the prosecution had the final word in a rebuttal . The jury will begin deliberating the fate of the alleged crime boss Tuesday . Defense attorney J.W. Carney summed up his case by questioning the credibility of prosecution witnesses , some of whom came to court with extensive criminal resumes and who had worked out deals with the government in exchange for testifying against Bulger . "  If you can not say in your deliberation that I personally can believe  prosecution witnesses  beyond a reasonable doubt , then the government can not prove its case about the alleged murders , " Carney told the jury . "  The government is buying the testimony of these witnesses . The currency used here  is  how much freedom someone is going to get . What the government can pay the individual is the individual 's freedom , " Carney continued . Earlier , prosecutor Wyshak said Bulger and his partner "  plotted , they schemed , they robbed they murdered together , they were also informants together . " Prosecutors contend Bulger was an FBI informant who used protection from rogue agents as he continued his life of crime . Defense attorneys have argued Bulger was not an informant , and that FBI bungling was key in the case . "  If there is one thing you heard during this trial , it 's how secretive that relationship is , " Wyshak said to the jury Monday . "  The last thing a criminal wants ... is for people to know he 's an informant . " But he also said that it "  does n't matter whether or not Bulger is an FBI informant when he put the gun to the head of Arthur Barrett and pulled the trigger . " Arthur "  Bucky " Barrett died after being shot in the head in 1983 . "  It 's not about whether or not the FBI in Boston was a mess , " he said . " ... It 's about whether or not the defendant is guilty of crimes charged in the indictment . " He added , "  When he puts a gun in the stomach of Mr.  Michael  Solimando and tells him you own me $ 400,000 , it does n't matter if he is an informant or not , it does n't matter whether or not the FBI is leaking information to him . " The defense rested its case Friday with no rebuttal from the government . During their weeklong defense , Bulger 's lawyers seemed to have three goals : One : Try to cast doubt on who killed two of the 19 victims , both of them women . Two : Shift the blame onto the FBI , specifically agents who either did nothing or did too little to prevent several killings . Three : Convince the jury that Bulger was not an FBI informant , a notion prosecutors called "  ludicrous " in light of his FBI informant card and a 700-page file loaded with "  tips " on rival gang members . In closing arguments , defense attorney Hank Brennan told jurors why he thinks the government has made Bulger 's informant status the crux of its case . "  Think about why it 's so important , if it 's not an issue , why do they keep bringing it up , " Brennan posed to jurors Brennan explained that other than to "  embarrass " his client , the government was boasting Bulger 's informant status to cover up years of corruption . "  If he 's not an informant , think of the liability , " he said , recounting instance after instance where government officials as high as strike-force attorneys in the Justice Department protected Bulger throughout his criminal career . Prosecution defends plea deals Defense attorneys also attacked the credibility of gangsters who became star witnesses for the prosecution , testifying under immunity after they learned Bulger was an informant for the FBI for nearly two decades . Wyshak on Monday defended the government 's unsavory plea deals with those gangsters , three of whom together implicated Bulger in the 19 murders and various acts of extortion . "  The government did n't choose them , Bulger chose them , " Wyshak said . "  The only thing worse than making a deal with  former hit man  John Martorano would have been not making a deal with John Martorano . " Wyshak said the government "  held its nose and made the deal . " It took prosecutors 90 minutes to detail the 19 murders Bulger is accused of , showing photos of each of the victims and the crime scenes . Bulger is not charged with delivering the fatal blow in all of the murders , but is charged with participating as part of a racketeering conspiracy . Wyshak called Bulger "  the leader of a very wide-ranging , broad organization , " who is culpable for his co-conspirator 's crimes . But Wyshak made clear Bulger was the alleged triggerman in some cases , recalling testimony from Bulger 's partner , Steve "  The Rifleman " Flemmi , about the murder of John McIntyre , whose remains were exhumed from a shallow makeshift grave in 2000 . McIntyre had begun cooperating with the government on the shipment of weapons to the Irish Republican Army and 36 tons of marijuana imported into Boston Harbor . "  It 's Arthur Barrett all over again , held at gunpoint , chained to the kitchen chair , interrogated , " Wyshak said . Flemmi said he was holding McIntyre 's body while Bulger was trying to strangle him with a rope , but the rope was too thick . After that did n't work , McIntyre practically begged for a bullet after Bulger asked him "  would you like one in the head , " according to Flemmi . Wyshak got choked up at some points , trying to make Bulger appear utterly heartless . In talking about the murder of Paul McGonagle , Wyshak recalls that Bulger 's former cohorts testified that whenever they passed the Neponset River , where McGonagle 's remains were exhumed in 2000 , Bulger said , " ` Drink up , Paulie . ' That 's the level of humanity that this defendant is operating at . ... And every time he goes by there its ` Drink up , Paulie . ' " Victim 's mother warned FBI about an impending murder Bulger was a fugitive for more than 16 years , after a crooked FBI agent told him in December 1994 he was about to be indicted on federal racketeering charges . The FBI track him down and arrested him 2011 in Santa Monica , California , where he had been living with his girlfriend under an alias . During the trial , jurors heard dramatic testimony from convicted gangsters , bookies , extortion victims , a disgraced FBI supervisor , ex-drug-dealers , retired FBI agents and relatives of people Bulger is accused of killing . Prosecutors called 63 witnesses . The defense called 10 . Martorano testified for both sides , making a total of 72 witnesses over 35 days . Bulger never took the stand despite repeated hints from his lawyers throughout trial he would testify . In fact , Bulger seemed to want to testify . Questioned by Judge Denise Casper , Bulger called his decision a "  choice made involuntarily . " He claimed he had been given immunity for his crimes by the former head of New England 's Organized-Crime Strike Force , Jeremiah O'Sullivan , now deceased . "  The evidence is overwhelming , " Wyshak said as he concluded his closing argument . He called Bulger "  the leader of one of the most ruthless criminal organizations ever in Boston , " one that "  wreaked havoc on this city for decades . " "  In his capacity as the leader , he is legally responsible for it all , as either a principle an aider and abettor or conspirator . " ` Bulger : I did n't get a fair trial ' Bulger , who lost his temper several times during the trial , appeared angry , shaking his finger at the judge and claiming he was "  choked off from making an adequate defense . " "  I did n't get a fair trial . This is a sham . Do what ya 's want with me , " Bulger said . Families of the victims have been in court every day of the trial . The wife of one of the victims shouted "  You 're a coward ! " Patricia Donahue 's husband , a truck driver , was killed in the crossfire of a slaying Bulger allegedly committed . She later explained Bulger had a chance to take the stand and tell the truth . Flemmi testified as one of the government 's star witnesses , and he said that he saw Bulger strangle the two women . The defense team , however , presented evidence that Flemmi had the greater motive to kill the women -- his girlfriend and his stepdaughter . Bulger 's attorneys release photos designed to show his softer side The girlfriend , Debra Davis , was about to leave him for another man . The defense recalled Martorano , who testified that Flemmi admitted he "  accidentally strangled " the 26-year-old woman . Flemmi acknowledged he lured Davis to a home but says Bulger strangled her because she was talking too much and had become a liability . Wyshak recalled testimony that Bulger always needed to take a nap after strangling or shooting his victims to death . In his closing argument , prosecutor Wyshak told the jurors they "  do n't have to decide who strangled Debbie Davis . " "  He does n't need to be the one that strangled her to be criminally liable , " he said . "  If he is a co-conspirator or he aids and abets , he is just as liable as he is if he puts his hands around her neck and strangles the life out of her . " A number of retired FBI agents and supervisors also took the stand , many testifying that they believed Bulger should have been shut down as an informant because he was n't providing any useful information . The agents said they never pressed the issue because apparently FBI headquarters felt Bulger was useful in taking down the New England Mafia . There are 18 jurors ,12 with six alternates . Eleven are men and seven are women . Man arrested in death of alleged Bulger extortion victim	NEW : Both sides make closing arguments in the trial of James "  Whitey " Bulger NEW : Defense : "  All our government cared about -- get the mafia at all costs " NEW : Prosecution : "  It 's not about whether or not the FBI in Boston was a mess " Bulger is accused of 19 killings during a 20-year "  reign of terror "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama reached out to citizens of the world Tuesday , saying in an op-ed piece that ran in 31 newspapers around the globe that there is an urgent need for worldwide economic cooperation . President Obama will discuss the economic downturn with other world leaders next week at the Group of 20 meeting . Obama 's move comes ahead of next week 's Group of 20 meeting in London , England , in which leaders of the world 's richest nations will discuss the global economic downturn . "  My message is clear , " Obama wrote . "  The United States is ready to lead , and we call upon our partners to join us with a sense of urgency and common purpose . Much good work has been done , but much more remains . " The president is scheduled to hold his second prime-time news conference at 8 p.m. ET Tuesday . In the op-ed , Obama spoke about the upcoming G-20 meeting , saying that world leaders have to work together . Watch as the White House press secretary outlines Obama 's economic strategy " "  We are living through a time of global economic challenges that can not be met by half measures or the isolated efforts of any nation , " Obama said . "  Now , the leaders of the Group of 20 have a responsibility to take bold , comprehensive and coordinated action that not only jump-starts recovery , but also launches a new era of economic engagement to prevent a crisis like this from ever happening again . " The president also pointed out that although the United States is separated by two oceans from most of the rest of the world , a global economy renders those geographic distinctions moot . "  Once and for all , we have learned that the success of the American economy is inextricably linked to the global economy , " Obama said . "  There is no line between action that restores growth within our borders and action that supports it beyond . " Next week 's G-20 summit will be Obama 's first meeting as president with many of the world 's leaders . He will meet many of the Western Hemisphere 's leaders at the Fifth Summit of the Americas next month in Trinidad and Tobago .	President Obama urges nations to work together ahead of Group of 20 meeting Obama 's op-ed piece runs in 31 newspapers worldwide President set to hold prime-time news conference Tuesday night Obama : U.S. economy 's success is "  inextricably linked to the global economy "
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- At least two people were killed early Thursday morning when Bahraini police swarmed into the capital , Manama , to roust protesters from the Pearl Roundabout , emergency hospital services said . Witnesses said police came in with dozens of vehicles , surrounded the roundabout and began firing "  pellet bullets , " rubber bullets and tear gas at demonstrators . The area had become a magnet for pro-democracy activists , angered by the killing of two demonstrators by security forces earlier this week . For two days , protesters were largely left alone by authorities . But around 3:30 a.m. Thursday  7:30 p.m. Wednesday ET  , police changed tactics . Hundreds of white-helmeted police swarmed the roundabout . There are reports that at least 100 people have been injured . Most of the casualties have being sent to Salamaniya hospital , according to an operator at Manama 's other main hospital , Bahrain International . CNN 's Nic Robertson was there at the hospital . He reported that a large group of "  very angry " people had gathered , along with distraught family members looking for loved ones . Robertson said demonstrators he 'd spoken to were outraged by the way they 'd been treated by security forces . Inside the hospital 's emergency treatment room , the scene was one of "  complete , uncontrolled chaos , " according to Robertson . He described injured people struggling to survive and medical personnel working frantically to save them . He saw serious head traumas , bloody wounds in the head and chest , and people hooked up to breathing apparatuses . Robertson told CNN that all the indications pointed to a very bloody confrontation on the part of police . During the crackdown in Pearl Roundabout , an ABC reporter was attacked while he was on the phone , describing the scene for the network . In the midst of his report , Miguel Marquez could suddenly be heard shouting on the audiotape , "  Journalist ! Journalist ! No ! No ! " Heavy thuds and the sounds of police yelling could also be heard . After several minutes , Marquez insisted repeatedly "  I 'm going ! I 'm going ! " and called out for co-workers . Finally , he returned to the audio line and told what had just happened . His voice broke as he said , "  These people are not screwing around . " One of the protesters , who asked that he be identified only as "  Hussein , " said the police came in with no warning . "  We were sleeping , " he said . "  There were guys , kids , schoolchildren , women , and suddenly they just attacked us with tear gas , stun bombs . " Hussein said many people were wounded in the attack , and he helped take people to hospitals . Police were outside the hospitals as well , he said . "  No one was doing anything , " he said . "  Kids were sleeping . Women were sleeping . They just attacked us suddenly . " Ebrahim Sharif , secretary-general of the opposition National Democratic Action Society , said he saw ambulances taking people to hospitals but that police were blocking people from going in that direction . "  The whole area here has been surrounded , " he told CNN by telephone . "  There are probably 500 to 1,000 policemen . " Dozens of large police vehicles lined a highway overlooking the roundabout and helicopters buzzed the area . Police were also taking up positions to create a perimeter as much as a mile around the roundabout , preventing people from returning . An hour after police moved in , the square , where thousands of people had been , was largely empty except for police . It was not immediately clear where the protesters had gone , but police activity indicated they were still involved in moving the demonstrators further from the roundabout . On Wednesday , Bahrain 's Interior Ministry had said those involved in two deaths during previous protests had been placed in custody . "  We express our regret over those who died or were injured in the latest incidents and extend our sincere condolences to their families and to the people of Bahrain , " according to a statement on the ministry 's website . Earlier Wednesday , thousands of people gathered for a peaceful funeral procession for a Bahraini man killed when clashes erupted during another protester 's funeral procession , the president of a human rights group said . Demonstrators picked up the body of Fadhel Matrook , 31 , from a morgue Wednesday and marched to a cemetery with no police presence on the streets , said Nabeel Rajab , president of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights . Rajab , who marched in the funeral procession , said at the time that protests in Bahrain were "  peaceful " since "  there is not interference from the police . " Human rights groups say Matrook was shot by security forces using pellet guns during the Tuesday procession for Ali Abdulhadi Mushaima , who was killed Monday . Rajab said Mushaima was protesting for human rights near Manama . King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa had vowed Tuesday that his government would investigate the killings of the two protesters by security forces . "  We will ask the legislative authority to look at this phenomena and to suggest the necessary legislation which will solve this in a way that will benefit the homeland and its citizens , " he said . The Interior Ministry said in its statement that " ... our constitution and laws guarantee the freedom of expression through peaceful means " and that "  citizens can ask for rights and reforms through available legitimate channels . " Bahrain is among the latest Arab states to face a surge of dissent following the revolts that toppled longtime autocrats in Tunisia and Egypt . By Wednesday morning , thousands of activists were camping out at the foot of the Pearl Roundabout , a Bahraini landmark . At the time , police were nowhere in sight as about 3,000 people laid out blankets and pitched tents . "  It 's a very relaxed atmosphere , " Mansoor Al-Jamri , editor of the newspaper Al Wasat , had told CNN . "  You 'd assume it was a picnic area if you did n't know it was the aftermath of people who died . " Activists have decried the use of pellet guns at short range by Bahrain 's security forces . Amnesty International called the deaths "  tragic " and "  a very worrying development . " In a recent report , the group said Bahraini authorities detained 23 opposition political activists in August and September , and held them without contact for two weeks , "  during which some allege they were tortured . " Bahrain 's Interior Ministry said on its website that an investigation has been ordered to find out the reason behind the incident . The kingdom 's main opposition party , al Wifaq , has suspended its participation in parliament because of the security forces ' action . Bahrain is an American ally and houses the headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . In Washington , the State Department said Tuesday it was "  very concerned " by the violence and said it welcomed the promise of an investigation . Bahrain is ruled by a Sunni Muslim royal family , but two-thirds of the population are Shiites . In recent years , younger Shiites have staged violent protests to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption , and many Shiites say the country 's constitution has done little to improve their condition . The protest movement in Bahrain has been organized using social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter , in the same manner as the protests in Tunisia and Egypt . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Jenifer Fenton and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report	NEW : Large crowd of angry demonstrators outside Salamaniya hospital NEW : Scenes of "  complete , uncontrolled chaos " at Salamaniya hospital At least 2 people were killed when police confronted protesters Police fire tear gas and rubber bullets at demonstrators in Pearl Roundabout
CNN  -- At least 510 people were killed in Caracas , Venezuela , in December , giving support to a recent report that called the city the murder capital of the world . A chalk message reads No More Murders as a student protests killings in Caracas in this file photo . It 's against that backdrop that the country 's minister for Interior Relations and Justice announced efforts this week to combat crime in 2009 . Minister Tareck El Aissami said Monday he will form 50 community police units in Caracas and take other measures so that "  we can have in a short time a culture of peace , tranquility and calm for all the Venezuelan public . " By all accounts , it will be a tall order . Foreign Policy magazine said in September that Caracas tops the list of five murder capitals of the world , with an official tally of 130 homicides per 100,000 residents . The city , which is Venezuela 's capital , has about 4 million inhabitants . Foreign Policy is owned by The Washington Post Co. and published by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . The United States made the magazine 's top five , too , with New Orleans , Louisiana coming in at No. 3 . Its murder rate is estimated as 67 per 100,000 by its police department and 95 per 100,000 by the FBI . Still , the rate in Caracas comes in far ahead of the following four murderous capitals . "  Caracas has become far more dangerous in recent years than any South American city , even beating out the once notorious Bogota , -LSB- Colombia -RSB- , " Foreign Policy said . "  What 's worse , the city 's official homicide statistics likely fall short of the mark because they omit prison-related murders as well as deaths that the state never gets around to properly ` categorizing . ' "  The numbers also do n't count those who died while ` resisting arrest , ' suggesting that Caracas ' cops -- already known for their brutality against student protesters -- might be cooking the books , " the magazine said . CNN affiliate Globovision TV reported this week that officials reported 510 killings in Caracas this month , capping a particularly brutal year . "  It 's shocking , " said Jennifer McCoy , director of The Americas Program at the Carter Center in Atlanta . "  It 's the biggest concern of the population -- crime and security . " Federico Welsch , a political science professor at La Universidad de Simon Bolivar in Caracas for 25 years , has seen that crime up close . "  Violence is the major problem for Venezuelans , according to any source you use , " Welsch told CNN on Tuesday . "  It 's doubly sad because , primarily , the deaths occur almost exclusively in the poor sectors , and , secondarily , it 's among youth under 30 years old . " McCoy points out that the killings are "  basically poor on poor . " From the 1970s to the 1990s , the poverty rate nearly tripled , from 25 percent to 65 percent , McCoy said . Even though the poverty rate declined during the oil boom that started in the 1990s , she said , the rate remains high . "  It 's a combination of economic-driven crime ... with other types of gangs , to police abuse , " McCoy said . "  The police are not properly trained and not properly equipped . " Anti-crime efforts in Caracas also suffered , she said , when the national government took over the city 's police force in 2002 . "  There has been trouble getting the police force back to par , " she said . Welsch said he doubts the anti-crime measures El Aissami announced Monday will work . "  You ca n't resolve this problem with police , " Welsch said . "  The government is co-responsible for there being so many firearms . There is no good gun control , there are no permits and there is no good control over the militias . " The problem , Welsch and McCoy said , transcends the drug trade and gang battles . "  You do n't have the guerrilla problems , " McCoy said . "  You do n't have drug cartels . You do n't have a large mafia . " Welsch lays much of the blame on the 10-year-old government of socialist President Hugo Chavez . "  The government discourse , " he said , "  is that if you are lacking something it is because of injustice . Then look for it , take it away from those who have it . You can obtain justice with your own hands . " The magazine lists , in descending order , Caracas ; Cape Town , South Africa ; New Orleans ; Moscow , Russia ; and Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea , as the top five murder capitals in the world .	Foreign Policy magazine names Caracas , Venezuela , the murder capital of the world Venezuela to step up efforts to fight crime in Caracas in 2009 Violence is gang - and police-related , and often poor on poor New Orleans , Louisiana , comes in third on magazine 's list of top five
CNN  -- Could one of aviation 's most enduring mysteries be solved ? An aircraft recovery group says it may already have a part of Amelia Earhart 's plane , and it thinks it knows where to find the rest of it . The International Historic Aircraft Recovery Group says new testing of a piece of metal found in the vast waters of the Pacific Ocean in 1991 gives the group "  increasing confidence " that it 's a part of the Lockheed Electra . In a press release the group argues that the aluminum debris is likely a patch that Earhart had put on her plane in place of a window . The group says the patch had a distinctive shape , size and "  pattern of rivets . " "  The patch was as unique to her particular aircraft as a fingerprint is to an individual , " the group wrote . Now the groups says research on the aluminum "  matches that fingerprint in many respects . " Erhart 's Lockheed Electra never made it back from an attempt to circle the globe in 1937 . Deserted island theory Over the years many theories have emerged . For example : Earhart 's plane was forced down by the Japanese around the Marshall Islands . Or even , Earhart secretly returned to the United States and the government gave her a new identity . But International Historic Aircraft Recovery Group has developed its own theory . The Pennsylvania-based group believes Earhart actually landed safely . The groups says she and her navigator Fred Noonan set the plane down on a reef on a deserted island in the Pacific called Nikumaroro . The group lays out what it thinks happened next in its press release : Earhart "  sent radio distress calls for at least five nights before the Electra was washed into the ocean by rising tides and surf leaving Earhart and Noonan cast away on the uninhabited atoll . " The group , which operates as a nonprofit , is n't deterred by the fact that its previous searches of the area in 2010 and 2012 turned up no debris . That 's because the group thinks the plane may be resting in mostly one piece . International Historic Aircraft Recovery Group came up empty two years ago , but it thinks during that search it may have uncovered the plane itself . "  Several months after the 2012 expedition a member of TIGHAR 's online Amelia Earhart Search Forum spotted an unusual feature in the sonar imagery , " the group says . Six hundred feet below the waves , at the base of a cliff , the group detected an "  anomaly in the underwater topography . " An anomaly Further analysis shows , the group says , an object the "  right size and shape " of Electra 's fuselage . It 's not the first time this group has made a splash with its findings . When it first discovered sonar imagery of the "  anomaly " the group got tepid reaction from Louise Foudray , caretaker and historian of the Amelia Earhart Birthplace Museum . "  We do n't want to shrug off the hard work anyone is doing . We do like the idea that people are still interested , " she said at the time . "  But we 're skeptical . " And the group itself is n't ready to say for sure it has cracked this cold case . "  Is the anomaly the aircraft ? " the group asks . "  The only way to know is to go look . " And in June of 2015 the groups says it will spend 24 days doing just that .	Aircraft recovery group says metal piece may be from Amelia Earhart 's plane Group : Metal patch is "  as unique to her particular aircraft as a fingerprint is to an individual " Group 's theory is that Earhart 's plane landed on Nikumaroro , a deserted island in the Pacific In June 2015 , group will go to island to try and find the plane
Petite Riviere de L'Artibonite , Haiti  CNN  -- The town of Petite Riviere de L'Artibonite lies two hours north of Port-au-Prince , Haiti . Makeshift tents dot a hillside there , flimsy shelters made of sheets and coconut branches that are a respite from the sun , but no match for the recent torrent of rains that wash down rotting bodies from a nearby slope . At night , the lights from aid camps and surrounding areas do not reach here . It is pitch black . It is not the first time Marlie Casseus , 18 , has seen hell . A few years ago , the Haitian teen was forging a new future after doctors removed a massive tumor-like growth that had taken over her face , threatening her life and forcing her into mortified seclusion . She was making her way back into the world and smiling again . Today that future , like those of countless other Haitian children with chronic health issues , is threatened by fractures in the country 's already weak health care system . If Marlie 's name sounds familiar , it 's because her story was featured in a 2004 Discovery Health special . In 2009 , a follow-up episode chronicled her ongoing progress . Marlie suffered from polyostic fibrous dysplasia , a genetic disorder that causes bone tissue to degenerate and form a tumor-like mass . The tumor had consumed Marlie 's life so wholly , her family contacted the International Kid 's Fund in Miami , Florida . IKF Wonderfund , which is affiliated with Jackson Memorial Hospital , sponsors critically ill children from Latin America and the Caribbean . They agreed to take her case , and over the course of a year , doctors removed the 14-pound tumor and reconstructed Marlie 's nose , jaw and lips . After several grueling surgeries , the face that had been rendered so unrecognizable bore the warmth of a familiar pair of brown eyes -- and a smile . "  When she was sick , we were so worried , " said Stellecie Casseus , Marlie 's sister . "  She grew big and big , we were so sad and upset about that . But after surgery , she looked better . She feels better . She does n't want to kill herself . " The procedures reversed years of suffering and reclusiveness for Marlie , a change the family says affected far more than her face . "  She felt good , " Stellecie said . "  All of the family feels good when Marlie feels good . " Six years later , as death rumbled through the streets of Port-au-Prince , Marlie faced the worst once again . "  All of the children were studying when it happened , " said Stellecie . "  Marlie was with me . She was reading . When we felt the quake , we went , and Marlie fell . She cried . I remember that she cried a lot that day . " With the family gathered in the front yard , the tremors struck and their house crumbled to the ground . An aunt who was sleeping at the time of the quake died inside the home . Although the story of their survival may seem miraculous , Marlie and her family now face a suffocating new reality . Marlie 's mother , Maleine , said they have no electricity and limited access to food . "  The situation is so bad , very bad for us , because we have lost something very big for the Haitian people , " said Maleine . "  We have no house , no food , no city . " The people in their tattered , makeshift town are bitten raw by mosquitoes , bees and giant spiders . Gunshots ring out in the night and the stench of rotting bodies is a constant reminder of the fate Marlie 's family narrowly managed to escape . Gina Eugene , a nurse for IKF , said young girls are left to wander the streets unprotected , and rape is a constant and heavy threat . "  It is hell , " she said . "  All I can tell you , this is no life . No human wants to live like this . " In addition , IKF 's efforts to get Marlie to Miami for further care have been stalled . Important documents were lost in the rubble of the family 's ruined house , and without them , Marlie can not leave . With the country in chaos , getting new visas or medical parole seems to be out of the question . IKF Director Jinelle Prieto said the recent controversy surrounding a group of American missionaries accused of child trafficking has left people unwilling to transport children for fear of legal action . "  There are no answers for anybody , " she said . "  I have people that will bring Marlie over , but everybody 's scared that they 're going to be charged with kidnapping . Everybody is just running into walls . They see these kids dying every day , but nobody will risk bringing them over . " The staggering truth is Marlie is just one of the scores of Haitian children IKF and other organizations are scrambling to save . Prieto said nearly 30 of their kids are stranded in Haiti waiting for help , and there are countless more who could be endangered by lack of care for otherwise treatable conditions . She said her organization already has lost one child , a 4-year-old boy who had recently undergone open-heart surgery . He died after suffering a heart attack during an aftershock . "  All of these organizations have launched these campaigns , they have the money , the hospitals have stepped up , but they ca n't reach them , " Prieto said . "  It is absolutely mind-boggling . Every single doctor , every single volunteer , every single person of leadership , nobody knows what to do . " Despite the recent earthquake in Chile and the threat of waning public concern , it is clear the struggle in Haiti is far from over . Marlie 's mother and sister said it is hard to find hope among the ruins . "  We are in trouble now , " Stellecie said . "  We do n't know what to do . We do n't know what we can do . We just need help . Marlie is OK , but she does n't feel good because she is upset about so many things . " When asked what the future may hold , Maleine was at a loss for words . "  I lost everything , " she said . "  I just ask for God to have some help for my family . "	Doctors removed massive growth from Haitian teen 's face several years ago Haitian children with chronic health issues threatened by weak health care system "  It is hell , " nurse says . "  All I can tell you , this is no life "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The man who police say dressed as Santa Claus and killed nine people at a Christmas Eve party lived with guilt from an incident that left his son from a previous relationship a paraplegic , according to an attorney who once represented the woman in that relationship . Bruce Jeffrey Pardo went on a shooting rampage in a Los Angeles suburb on Wednesday , police say . Prime suspect Bruce Jeffrey Pardo , who police said committed suicide hours after he went on a shooting rampage and started a raging house fire in the Los Angeles suburb of Covina , had a son who sustained severe brain damage several years ago in an apparent swimming pool accident while he was in Pardo 's care , according to attorney Jeffrey Alvirez . Police have said Pardo targeted his rampage at his former wife , Sylvia Ortega Pardo , and her family at the family 's Christmas Eve party . The Los Angeles Times reported that Pardo had kept his son 's existence and condition a secret from his wife . When she found out , her anger over the situation and also finding out that Pardo had claimed the child as a tax dependent for several years became a major factor in divorce proceedings , the paper said , quoting an unidentified source close to the investigation . Covina Police Chief Kim Raney said Friday that a divorce between the two was finalized in court December 18 in a "  somewhat contentious proceeding . " On Saturday , Covina police released the names of the nine people unaccounted for since the shooting and fire . Nine bodies were recovered from the rubble of the house , but authorities said they are having to work with dental records to establish identities . "  The bodies were so badly burned they can not be identified any other way , " Covina police Lt. Pat Buchanan said . The nine unaccounted for are Sylvia Pardo , her parents , her sister , her two brothers , both brothers ' wives and a nephew . Ages of the nine range from 17 to 80 , police said . Police said Sunday a car believed to have been rented by Pardo on December 19 , a gray Toyota RAV4 , was found in the Los Angeles suburb of Glendale . Authorities had cautioned the missing car might be booby-trapped or contain explosives , but it was unclear whether any had been found . Another rented car that Pardo used to flee the scene was found booby-trapped after the shooting , police said . That car burned as the Covina bomb squad was trying to disconnect an explosive device in it , police said . In an interview Saturday with CNN , Alvirez -- who represented Pardo 's former girlfriend Elena Lucano in a child support case against Pardo -- said that Pardo and Lucano were in an "  off-and-on again relationship " in 2001 and that Pardo was watching their 13-month-old son , Matthew , one Saturday while Lucano went grocery shopping . When Lucano returned a short time later , she found Pardo frantically holding the unconscious toddler , Alvirez said . "  The child did get away from him for a few minutes and managed to crawl out of a patio door and slip into the pool , " Alvirez said . The couple rushed the child to a nearby hospital , where paramedics resuscitated him . Later , the gravely traumatized child was airlifted to Children 's Hospital in Los Angeles , a world-renowned trauma center that specializes in severe pediatric care , for specialized treatment , Alvirez said . During the first week in the intensive care unit , Pardo never left his son 's bedside , Alvirez said . But a few weeks after the child was stabilized , doctors concluded that severe brain damage would confine him to a wheelchair for life , Alvirez said . Less than six months later , Pardo and Lucano ended their relationship , and Pardo stopped visiting his son . Pardo also neglected to contribute to Matthew 's medical costs , which surged up to $ 340,000 within the first year , Alvirez said . "  We had to sue -LSB- Pardo -RSB- on his $ 100,000 homeowner 's insurance policy , and I recommended that Elena sue Bruce beyond the policy , " he said . "  She was not a vindictive type , and she knew he was living with overwhelming guilt and wanted to only pursue his policy . " Alvirez said he never had any problems with Pardo and was able to collect the $ 100,000 policy to pay off medical bills and set up a special needs trust of $ 240 per month for the rest of Matthew 's life . The boy is now 9 years old , Alvirez said . "  Once the settlement was reached in August 2002 , Bruce stopped communicating completely and never saw Matthew or Elena again , " Alvirez said . He said Lucano had maintained occasional contact with Pardo 's mother over the years but she was unaware that Pardo had remarried and never anticipated the violent path that ended his life and left nine other people dead . "  She is overwhelmed by all of this , but Elena has managed to provide for Matthew as a single parent with a part-time nurse and a full-time job , " Alvirez said . Lucano declined to be interviewed by CNN , Alvirez said .	Bruce Pardo 's son from previous relationship was brain damaged , attorney says Secret of boy 's existence was factor in divorce , newspaper reports Police are looking for car Pardo might have rented Authorities release information on those unaccounted for after fire
CNN  -- David Haye says he would relish a fight against reigning World Boxing Council  WBC  champion Vitali Klitschko after beating fellow Briton Dereck Chisora at Upton Park football stadium in London on Saturday . "  I held a version of the world heavyweight championship and I would like to regain a version of the world heavyweight championship ... I would love to challenge him for his title , " Haye said at a news conference . "  After a performance like that and him getting on , if you were one of his advisers you would n't tell Vitali to fight me , " the 31-year-old added . Haye retired after losing to Vitali 's brother , Vladimir on points in July 2011 , but came out of retirement to fight Chisora after the British pair brawled at a press conference which followed Chisora 's loss on points to Vitali in Munich last February . "  I 've proved my punching power against someone who pushed Vitali to the wire . It was a measuring stick to show how I performed against his last opponent . I would be very confident of beating Vitali , " Haye said . But the 40-year-old 's future in the sport is uncertain . His next fight against Germany 's Manuel Charr is scheduled to take place in Moscow on September 8 , but it could be his last as the Ukrainian looks to concentrate on a political career . Former world heavyweight champion , Haye impressed on his return to the ring stopping Chisora in the 5th round of the much-hyped grudge match . The fight was a predictably lively affair , with Haye and Zimbabwe-born Chisora finally exchanging blows after trading a string of insults in the weeks leading up to the fight . Haye vs. Chisora ? That 's just handbags - watch the women at the Olympics But it was Haye 's power allied to some trademark nimble glove work which finally prevailed as the 10-round fight sanctioned by the Luxembourg Boxing Federation neared the halfway stage . Towards the end of the fifth round , the 31-year old unleashed a devastating left-hook before a follow-up right hand floored Chisora . The Zimbabwe-born fighter made referee Luis Pabon 's count comfortably but crashed to the canvas again seconds later following a barrage of punches from Haye . He staggered to his feet a second time but Pabon stopped the fight leaving Haye to milk the cheers from a boisterous 30,000-strong crowd . Sworn enemies before Saturday 's fight , Haye and Chisora finished the night exchanging pats , smiles and handshakes in front of photographers , before both publicly declaring a truce to their bitter war of words . "  Whatever beef I had with Dereck before the fight is over now from my side and I hope it 's vice versa , " Haye told Sky Sports . "  After sharing a ring with Dereck I have a new found respect for the man . I had respect for his boxing ability but I never believed he could be as good as he was tonight . He raised his game , " Haye added . Chisora agreed . The two men had made up and could now "  eat in the same restaurants and go to the same clubs , " the 28-year-old said . "  It was a great fight and everything is done . " Khan stunned in Las Vegas It was a less happy night for Briton 's Amir Khan , who suffered a shock defeat at the hands of Danny Garcia in their light-welterweight world title clash in Las Vegas . The referee stepped in to stop the fight in the fourth round after WBC champion Garcia launched a series of blistering attacks on Khan which saw the Briton felled three times . "  I always knew I had it in me . I feel like the great fighters bring the best out of me and Khan is a great fighter , " Garcia said after the fight . Khan , who has now lost three times in 26 professional bouts , posted an message on his official Facebook page saying : "  Can I apologize to my family friends and everyone . I got caught with a shot and I know millions of u are upset but that 's boxing for u. " The 25-year-old lost his World Boxing Association  WBA  and International Boxing Federation  IBF  belts to Lamont Peterson in December 2011 , but was reinstated as the WBA champion earlier this month after the American failed a drugs test prior to their scheduled rematch in May . The IBF are still to decide on what course of action they will take regarding the original fight .	Former world heavyweight champion David Haye keen to fight Vitali Klitschko after beating Dereck Chisora Haye , who lost to Ukrainian 's brother Vladimir in 2011 , says he would be "  very confident " of victory Fellow Briton Chisora dispatched by Haye in five rounds at grudge match at Upton Park on Saturday Briton 's Amir Khan suffers shock defeat at hands of Danny Garcia in light-welterweight clash in Las Vegas
December 19 , 2014 CNN Student News is wrapping up 2014 with a report on ten international stories that captured the world 's attention . We update you on developments in the U.S. stock market and the influenza virus . And two of our favorite "  Before We Go " videos conclude our show . Teachers , please note that our daily program will resume on January 5 , 2015 . Our staff at CNN Student News sincerely thanks you for another wonderful year ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . 2014 NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . Name one of the three countries that have been most affected by the worst outbreak of Ebola in recorded history . 2 . In what body of water is the main search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which vanished on March 8 ? 3 . What region of Ukraine was annexed by Russia in March , despite political opposition from the U.S. and other European countries ? 4 . In what central African nation were hundreds of schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram terrorists ? 5 . In October , teenage education activist Malala Yousafzai became the youngest person ever to win what prestigious award ? 6 . What terrorist group rapidly rose to power this year , taking over a third of Iraq and Syria , before outside countries got involved in fighting it ? 7 . Water levels in what U.S. state continued to drop this year , as a historic drought worsened ? 8 . Name the Russian city on the coast of the Black Sea that hosted the 2014 Winter Olympics . 9 . The U.S. Midterm Elections changed political control of what chamber of Congress ? 10 . In what U.S. city did the National September 11 Memorial Museum open to the general public on May 21 ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
New York  CNN  -- It 's a beautiful August morning in Jersey City , New Jersey . I have just finished my regular jog around Liberty State Park . No matter how often I stand here at my favorite spot to stretch , I can only marvel that this is actually my neighborhood and my view . In front of me , the Hudson River lies at the feet of the New York skyline . To my right , the Statue of Liberty basks in the glory of a thousand gazes from the first tour boat of the day . I look over at the World Financial Center where I work and , as always , what strikes me is n't what I see , but what I do n't see anymore . The ghosts of the Twin Towers never seem to fade from the skyline in my mind . I am a Muslim , born in England , raised in Pakistan , but every bit as American as any of my fellow joggers or co-workers across the river . Somehow , though , people expect me to react differently . I do n't . The same ghosts haunt me . As I stretch my muscles , my mind unreels a troubling movie . The planes hit the buildings in horrifying slow motion . A nation mourns . Families grieve . Boom . Senseless killing in Iraq . Flash . Mangled bodies and torture in Abu Ghraib . Boom . Bombs hit mosques in Pakistan . Flash . School girls killed in Afghanistan . Even though it 's my movie , it always ends the same way . I feel helpless , powerless and lost . It 's a far cry from the way I felt 14 years ago when I first saw the view from Liberty State Park . In my 20s then , I had come over from London to New York on business . After a busy work week I left early on Friday to spend the weekend with my cousin in Jersey City . He parked the car on the waterfront . We got out , walked over the swell of a small hill and then it was like someone flipped a switch . There , suddenly , was the New York skyline , more massive and impressive than I ever could have imagined . My cousin looked at me and said , "  This is what keeps young men up at night in Pakistan . " What he meant was that they lie awake at night dreaming of a better life in America and hoping , yearning that one day they would see this skyline with their very own eyes . That was the moment I decided I would live in New York . When I first moved here , I felt welcomed . I was truly impressed by the fact that America gave me as an immigrant the same opportunities it did to its own citizens . Today , that is still largely the case , unless your name is Mohammad or if you choose to wear the hijab . Since 9/11 , almost every Muslim in this country has a story . And it 's no longer one of welcome . It 's 6-month - old Muslim babies on the "  no fly " list . It 's searches and racial profiling at airport security . It 's suspicious looks from neighbors . It 's families being split apart by persecution during the immigration process . We experience this where we work and live . And then we turn on the nightly news and see more hatred . Like the church in Florida that 's planning a Quran burning event on the anniversary of 9/11 . Like the sad irony of the Anti-Defamation League  a group actually formed to "  secure justice and fair treatment for all against ... hatred , prejudice and bigotry "  now speaking out against the Islamic center to promote interfaith dialogue and education being proposed for near the former World Trade Center site . Some people have clearly decided that 9/11 gives them the right to persecute Muslims . And as a result , we are all collectively paying for the sins of terrorists -- a radical , crazy few who just happen to share the same religious background . This change of behavior does n't just hurt Muslims , it attacks the very fabric of what made America great . The very reason people all over the world lie awake in their beds dreaming of coming here is that they knew they would be treated fairly in this mythical "  land of opportunity . " America built that global brand with blood , sweat and sacrifices and it is being tarnished with every act of intolerance . President Obama and the Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have shown that they not only understand , but are also willing to address the core issues and move United States foreign policy back toward balanced and fair ground . It wo n't be easy . It wo n't be quick to implement . But the basic truth is this : Killing people will not fix this problem . Building bridges of understanding , rebuilding shattered economies in Iraq , Pakistan and Afghanistan and educating citizens on both sides will . The day before the World Trade Center bombings , America was my home . The next day , I woke up a stranger in a strange land . I wish every American could understand that I am not the enemy . We want to be part of the solution . We want to build international bridges and help tolerance grow in America and around the world . After all , how can America hope to have its global vision accepted by the 1.5 billion Muslims around the world unless leaders can first sell it here at home to 6 million of their own citizens ? The first step in achieving this is to get back to basics . America grew into a beacon of liberty and freedom because it gave every citizen the unalienable right to "  life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . " It 's time to give that back to everyone , regardless of religion . Most Muslim men do not have beards and most Muslim women do not wear the hijab . But , if you see one on the street who does , please change your reaction from suspicion to openness , from judgment to acceptance . Reach out to them . Ask them questions . Engage as human beings , not as stereotypes . Simple acts of goodwill would change far more hearts and minds than any gun-fueled campaign or international policy . Then someday , here at Liberty State Park , I might be able to stop running , admire the incredible view and rewrite the end of my movie . I very much want to replace "  powerless and lost " with "  hopeful and optimistic . " I want the New York skyline to once more inspire dreams of the possible , not echoes of the past . I want to come home again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sharjeel Kashmir .	U.S. liberties are the dream of many in the Muslim world , Sharjeel Kashmir writes Kasmir : Those dreams are marred by suspicion that greets Muslims here Kashmir : Muslim Americans are not the enemy , and can be part of the solution He says people should engage with Muslims as people , not as stereotypes
Beijing  CNN  -- Miami Heat superstar LeBron James on Thursday led the reigning NBA champions into the first of two pre-season matches staged in China against the Los Angeles Clippers . He lived up to the considerable hype that surrounds him . Just a few minutes into the game , James made five straight points , punctuated by a big dunk , to the delight of the thousands of Chinese fans who packed the arena in Beijing chanting "  MVP , MVP ! " The man dubbed by many as the world 's top player notched 20 points , as the Heat beat the Clippers 94-80 . The two teams will play again on Sunday in Shanghai . Local fans here were treated to an NBA-style mix of basketball and entertainment , featuring cheerleaders , mascots and DJs egging the crowds to applaud and do "  the wave . " James is well-known in China for being part of the Team USA that won gold at the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Basketball-mad Chinese fans watch him regularly in NBA games televised by local sports channels here . In an exclusive interview with Talk Asia , scheduled to air on CNN soon , James noted the Chinese love for the game . "  Here in China they have n't seen the game up close and personal the way we have in the States , " he said . "  They 're always excited about the game , no matter where it 's played , no matter how it 's played , what level it 's played at and you can have a great deal of respect for that . "  This is my ninth time in this country and every city I 've been to has welcomed me with open arms , " he added . "  Either playing a game of basketball , teaching or inspiring the game of basketball , there 's been some great opportunities for me and there have been some great times with the kids here who love the game of basketball . " He then credited Chinese former NBA star Yao Ming as a role model . "  That 's the most inspiring thing , " James said . "  Not only was Yao in their backyard , he could also really play the game at a high level so it definitely helps a lot of kids as far as saying ' I can do this and I can do it at a high level . ' " The NBA is one of the most followed sports leagues in China -- its account even has 52 million followers on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like social network site . James was joined on court Thursday by teammate and fellow superstar , Dwayne Wade , who has been recovering from off-season knee surgery , but played for several minutes even though it was only an exhibition game . Wade even wore a pair of Li-Ning sneakers , just days after signing an endorsement deal with Chinese sportswear company of the same name . The Beijing-based company is giving the Miami star his own line of shoes . The Heat point guard becomes the biggest NBA name to endorse the Li-Ning brand since his former Miami teammate Shaquille O'Neal . But he 's not the only NBA star to endorse Chinese products . Heat forward Shane Battier has endorsed Chinese sneakers brand Peak since 2006 . On the playing front , there has long been a well-established connection between the NBA and the China Basketball Association  CBA  , the local professional league founded in 1995 . Several Chinese players , such as Yao , played in the CBA before moving on to the NBA . In 2011 , the NBA and CBA launched a basketball academy to help train more coaches and players . During the NBA lockdown last year , caused by dispute between NBA players and owners , several stars , including JR Smith and Wilson Chandler , played for Chinese teams in the CBA . China has also emerged as alternative destination for former NBA stars in the twilight of their career . Tracy McGrady , 33 , has reportedly signed a one-year deal to play this season with CBA side , Qingdao . The former All-Star , who has played with several NBA teams including the Houston Rockets , finished last season with the Atlanta Hawks . His long-time team up with now retired Houston Rockets center Yao made McGrady a popular figure in China . Qingdao has never made it to the CBA finals . His appearance in the CBA is expected to attract more fans to domestic games . "  I am happy for him , " James said . "  It will be good for the game . " James says he follows the CBA and said the league is "  very good and growing big . " With no Chinese stars currently plying their trade in the NBA , there 's a huge opportunity for the country 's homegrown stars to show the world what they 're missing .	Miami Heat and Los Angeles Clippers in China to play exhibition matches NBA is still hugely popular among China 's basketball-mad population The professional U.S. league has more than 50 million followers on Weibo China 's own pro league has long contributed players to the NBA
CNN  -- One video showed the tiny face of the slain girl wrapped in a shroud . Someone pulled back a bandage to show her bloodied right eye . Her mouth was frozen , slightly ajar . Her vacant face and lifeless head conjured the image of an alabaster bust . Another more gruesome video showed the girl before she was cleaned for burial . She lay sprawled on a pavement , bloodied and disheveled , like a crime victim caught in a tabloid snapshot . The images surfaced Sunday and Monday in Syria , where more than 2,000 people have died in five months of bloody conflict between security forces and anti-government demonstrators . The victim was O'laa Jablawi , a 2 1/2 - year-old girl from the besieged port city of Latakia , shot in the eye and killed when she and her parents attempted to flee the besieged city on Sunday in a car that came under fire , activists said . They were among those who fled as security forces cracked down on al-Ramel , a Latakia neighborhood that has been the center of anti-government demonstrations . Syrian security forces told residents to get out during the military offensive , which occurred by sea as well as land . According to human rights activists and anti-government protesters , that 's exactly what the girls ' parents tried to do -- flee . Activists said she was shot by security forces . The Syrian government has yet to comment . The activists believe her father was shot in the shoulder and possibly detained . The mother 's fate is unknown . On one video , a voice shrieks , "  She 's just a child . He killed her , the evil Bashar al-Assad , " a reference to the nation 's president . On another , a voice says , "  Look , these are Bashar al-Assad 's reforms . " CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the videos and the reports about them , so it is very difficult to find out how the child died . The United Nations , global leaders , and human rights organizations all have urged the Syrian government to allow humanitarian workers , U.N. representatives and the media access to the country . Those pleas have had no effect . But the videos are the latest in a series of grisly and disturbing images to emerge from the country . Protesters consistently say the government is responsible for the conflict and bloodshed . Syria has consistently blamed the violence in the country on armed gangs . Nevertheless , O'laa was an innocent , caught in the crossfire of an intensifying battle between those calling for freedom and a regime intent on staying in power . Back in May , the U.N. Children 's Fund , or UNICEF called on the government to spare civilians , particularly women and children , amid reports of youthful casualties . "  While UNICEF can not verify the reported cases and events , we are particularly disturbed by the recent video images of children who were arbitrarily detained and suffered torture or ill-treatment during their detention , leading in some cases to their death , " the agency said . Asked for an update , a UNICEF spokesman said there is "  nothing really to add " from the May statement . Arwa Damon reported from Beirut , Lebanon ; Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	The girl was killed in Latakia , activists say She and her parents were trying to leave the city , activists say Many children have been victims of the Syrian conflict
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A pharmacist testified that he warned Anna Nicole Smith 's doctors and boyfriend that a list of medications intended for Smith a week after her son 's death could be "  pharmaceutical suicide . " Anna Nicole Smith , with Howard K. Stern , was found dead in her hotel room in February 2007 . The former Playboy model and reality TV star died five months later of what a Florida medical examiner ruled was from "  acute combined drug intoxication . " Ira Freeman , the chief pharmacist at Key Pharmacy in Los Angeles , testified on the seventh day of a preliminary hearing for Howard K. Stern -- Smith 's lawyer and companion -- and co-defendants Dr. Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor . The three are charged with an illegal conspiracy to prescribe , administer and dispense controlled substances to an addict . Stern faces 11 felony counts , and the doctors were charged with six each . They are not charged in her death . Smith 's death in a Hollywood , Florida , hotel on February 8 , 2007 , came just five months after the birth of her daughter , Dannielynn , and the sudden death of her 20-year-old son , Daniel , on September 10 , 2006 . Freeman testified that Kapoor faxed to him a list of six drugs that Eroshevich wanted to be sent to the Bahamas , where Eroshevich was treating Smith for anxiety and depression in the days after her son 's death . "  The more I thought about it , the more concern I had that if she got hold of those medications , it could have fatal consequences " Freeman said . The pharmacist said the dosages of the drugs were "  not appropriate . " Freeman said he consulted Dr. Greg Thompson , a pharmaceutical expert , who agreed with him and who offered to talk with Eroshevich about the dangers . Freeman said Thompson later told him that he found Eroshevich , a psychiatrist , to be "  way out of her league " in her requests for strong drugs for Smith . At the time , Smith was holed up in her home in the Bahamas mourning her son 's death . Her bodyguard said in earlier testimony that the home was under siege by photographers , keeping Smith inside with her windows covered . Thompson recommended to Eroshevich that she "  forget the paparazzi and get her to a hospital " if she needed all of those drugs , Freeman said . Freeman said the stress of the publicity after Smith 's death affected his own health , especially after the celebrity Web site TMZ.com published a copy of the faxed list of medications in question . Under questioning by the defense , Freeman said that over the previous five years he had filled prescriptions for Smith , he never saw any "  red flags " that she was getting dangerous amounts of drugs . Charges against the three defendants also include the use of false names on prescriptions . Freeman said he always understood that prescriptions written under the pseudonym "  Michelle Chase " were intended for Smith . It was a practice begun in 2001 , three years before Kapoor or Eroshevich began treating her , to prevent "  trouble for her in terms of her celebrity status , " Freeman said . After the preliminary hearing , which could last about three weeks , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry will decide whether a trial will be held . In earlier testimony , Smith 's part-time bodyguard Maurice Brighthaupt said "  she just did n't want to deal with life after the death of her son . " Brighthaupt described Smith as "  manipulative " when she wanted something . "  She manipulated Dr. Eroshevich , " he said . Eroshevich , a Los Angeles psychiatrist , traveled to the Bahamas five or six times in 2006 to attend to Smith , he said . They had a mother-daughter friendship , not a doctor-patient relationship , Brighthaupt said . The doctor sometimes substituted placebos for the tray full of pills Smith regularly took for her complaints of pain and depression , he said . "  She was very concerned that we needed to wean her off the medications , " Brighthaupt said . California Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement Special Agent Danny Santiago testified that investigators found 12 prescription drugs , including dangerous opiates , in Smith 's hotel room after her death . Seven of them were prescribed using Stern 's name , although spelled "  Stearn , " he said . A series of affidavits used by state investigators to obtain search warrants in their 2 1/2 - year inquiry was unsealed last month , revealing many details of the prosecution 's case .	Testimony given at preliminary hearing for model 's doctors , lawyer Pharmacist says he was faxed list of drugs that doctor wanted for Smith He found dosages "  not appropriate , " he testifies Pharmacist says expert thought one doctor was "  way out of her league "
United Nations  CNN  -- Syria will soon complete its official investigation into last week 's massacre in Houla , the country 's U.N. ambassador said Wednesday . "  The national commission of investigation in Syria will terminate its investigation tomorrow or after tomorrow , " Bashar Jaafari told reporters at the United Nations . "  And then you will hear , all of you ... the results of this investigation . And all of us will know for sure the identity of the perpetrators . " Syrian officials have repeatedly denied government involvement in the massacre that left more than 100 people dead , about half of them children . But Rupert Colville , spokesman for the U.N. human rights office , said Tuesday that it 's "  clear " government forces were involved . Most died as a result of "  summary executions " by "  armed men going into houses and killing men , women and children inside , " Colville said , saying the Shabiha militia , a government militia group , appeared to be behind the executions . Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said the massacre was carried out "  by every indication , by the Shabiha militias acting on behalf of the government . We think it 's quite clear-cut . " Since the conflict began more than a year ago , President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has blamed violence against civilians on "  armed terrorist groups , " a line Jaafari continued Wednesday . Those behind the "  heinous crime , " which was "  unjustified and unjustifiable , " will be brought to justice , Jaafari said . He also argued that other countries are supporting groups that are smuggling weapons into Syria . The remarks came after a meeting of the U.N. Security Council , in which countries sought new ways to increase the pressure on the regime . Rice said after the meeting , "  We certainly agree with Kofi Annan that this is a moment where we have reached , in effect , a tipping point . " Air strikes would wreck al-Assad , says former Syrian general Annan , special envoy to Syria for the United Nations and the Arab League , who has pushed a six-point peace plan , used the phrase "  tipping point " Tuesday . "  I think we may be beginning to see the wheels coming off of this bus , " Rice said . "  And that means that what happens next and the steps that are taken by the Syrian authorities and by this council could well be dispositive . " "  The political process , which is so crucial to the success of any transition , which is the purpose of the Annan plan , is thwarted by the ongoing , escalating , expanding violence perpetrated by the government , and the reality that the opposition can not possibly be expected to come to the table while the violence is intensifying , escalating and the government is lying about it , " she said . But Jaafari insisted that his government was doing all it could to protect Syria 's citizenry . "  We are facing terrorist armed groups -- trained , financed , harbored and protected by some countries in the area -- Arab countries , regional countries and internationally speaking also . " Eleven nations -- the United States , the Netherlands , Australia , Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Spain , Bulgaria and Canada -- announced Tuesday that they were expelling Syrian diplomats . Turkey joined that list Wednesday , expelling the charge d'affaires and other diplomatic personnel from Syria 's embassy in Ankara . In turn , Syria said Wednesday it was expelling the Dutch charge d'affaires from Damascus , giving her 72 hours to leave the country . Jaafari said the diplomatic moves against Syria were not helping the situation . "  Sanctions , expulsions of diplomats -- this is not diplomacy , " he said . "  Diplomacy is totally different . " Russia called the expulsions of Syrian diplomats "  counterproductive " and insisted that a U.N. Security Council statement Sunday condemning the incident was "  a strong enough signal to the Syria parties . " A central question hanging over the Security Council meeting is what steps Russia and China will countenance . As permanent members , they have veto power , which they have used previously to block two resolutions . Many world leaders assailed the two nations , saying they were preventing steps that could stop the violence . But the two countries said they were seeking more balanced resolutions . Both have major trade deals with Syria . While no nation is openly pushing for military action , French President Francois Hollande has said it can not be ruled out . U.S. sticking with ` Plan A ' for Syria China and Russia spoke out Wednesday against such an idea . "  China opposes military intervention and does not support forced regime change , " said Liu Weimin , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman . "  The fundamental route to resolving the Syrian issue is still for all sides to fully support Annan 's mediation efforts and push all the relevant parties to carry out diplomatic dialogue . " "  One can not take decisions on military operations in Syria by being guided by only emotions , " said Russian First Deputy Foreign Minister Andrei Denisov , according to Russian news agency Itar-Tass . Denisov also said "  the Russian position is not formed on the basis of emotions , which our respected French partners have unfortunately not escaped in the formulation of their position , " according to Russian news outlet RIA Novosti . In Washington , State Department Deputy Spokesman Mark Toner said U.S. officials were not putting all their hopes into the Annan plan . "  We 're also continuing with these other options that we 're pursuing , which is support for the opposition , humanitarian assistance , working through the  opposition group  Friends of Syria to increase financial and political pressure on Assad , " he said . In a statement from a spokesman , the Free Syrian Army said it was giving the Syrian regime until noon on Friday to implement the Security Council resolutions or it would stop complying with them . "  Immediately halting gunfire and all violence , pulling out all the troops , tanks and machinery from the cities , towns and residential areas , allowing humanitarian aid to reach all stricken areas , releasing all prisoners and allowing media access , guaranteeing the freedom to demonstrate , not attacking the U.N. monitors like what happened in several areas , and entering true and serious dialogue through the United Nations in order to hand over the power to the people , " said the spokesman , Col. Qasim Saad Eddine . "  Our national , moral and humanitarian duty make it necessary for us to defend and protect our civilians and their cities , towns , blood , and dignity , " the statement said . "  And this right to protect ourselves does not go against international laws and norms . " The United States announced Wednesday it was sanctioning a Syrian bank that al-Assad 's regime was using to circumvent other sanctions . The U.S. Treasury said its action will help isolate the regime . U.S. intervention : Damned if they do , damned if they do n't ? Peter Wittig , Germany 's U.N. ambassador , said he hoped the Houla massacre was "  an eye-opener for some members of the council . " He said he hoped the council would consider expanding the U.N. monitoring mission in Syria . Also , he asked , "  How does the council deal with violations of its own resolutions ? Because the massacre in Houla was a clear violation of the Security Council resolution . " He added , "  We have to exhaust all means to find a political solution , " and "  militarization , for us , is not an option . " In Washington , White House press secretary Jay Carney took a similar tack : "  Right now we believe that , for example , on the issue of providing lethal aid , that that 's not the course of action that 's the right one to take for this country , " he told reporters . "  We 're providing nonlethal assistance and humanitarian assistance in coordinating with other nations and providing support for the opposition as it forms itself . " Since the uprising in Syria began nearly 15 months ago , Syrian government forces have engaged in a crackdown on the opposition . At least 46 people were killed Wednesday , including 14 in Homs , 12 in the Damascus suburbs and 10 in Daraa , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The LCC also said regime forces launched tear-gas grenades at Aleppo University students and made arrests . Meanwhile , the head of the U.N. observer mission said 13 bodies were discovered Tuesday night in the area of Assukar , 30 miles east of Deir Ezzor in the eastern part of the country . "  All the bodies had their hands tied behind their backs and some appear to have been shot in the head from a short distance , " according to a statement from the office of Maj. Gen. Robert Mood . Mood called the act "  appalling and inexcusable " and urged "  all parties to exercise restraint and end the cycle of violence . " Syria , on the state-run news agency SANA , said 25 "  army , law enforcement and civilian martyrs " were buried Wednesday . Also , an "  armed terrorist group " attacked an oil pipeline in Deir Ezzor , SANA reported . CNN can not confirm death tolls or reports of violence from Syria because the government limits access to the country by foreign journalists . Jaafari insisted Syria supports Annan 's six-point plan to halt the violence in Syria , and reiterated that his government is acting only against terrorist groups , but finds itself in a difficult position . "  On one hand , if we deploy our army and the law enforcement forces to protect the civilians , somebody would come and criticize us -- Why are we doing that ? But if we let the people get killed by the terrorist groups , then we will be also blamed again -- Why you did n't protect your civilians ? " Jaafari described the talks between al-Assad and Annan during the former U.N. secretary general 's visit to Damascus as "  good , " adding that Syria supports his peace plan . But , Jaafari said , other nations must cooperate if peace is to be achieved . "  President Assad reviewed with Kofi Annan the progress that has been achieved by the Syrian government in implementing his plan , " Jaafari said . "  However , President Assad reminded Mr. Kofi Annan of the necessity to have everybody else committed to respecting his plan and to stop financing and arming and smuggling weapons into Syria . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Faith Karimi and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	"  Sanctions , expulsions of diplomats -- this is not diplomacy , " Jaafari says U.S. says "  not ambiguous " that militias carried out massacre on behalf of Syrian government Germany 's U.N. ambassador : "  Militarization , for us , is not an option " U.N. observer mission reports 13 bound bodies found in Deir Ezzor
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Nearly a year after being beaten into a coma , Bryan Steinhauer said Wednesday he does not hate the Serbian basketball player witnesses said brutally assaulted him . Bryan Steinhauer , who was beaten into a coma , is making significant progress in his rehabilitation . "  I am not full of hate ; hatred kills progress , " he said . Appearing alongside his parents and doctors at New York 's Mount Sinai Hospital , Steinhauer struggled to speak but his message was clear . "  Please do n't feel sorry for me , " he said . "  Tragedy leads to wisdom , and this experience has taught me so much about life . " Watch Steinhauer talk about his recovery " The 22-year-old from Brooklyn was about to graduate and had a job lined up at accounting giant KPMG when he got into an argument last May that nearly cost him his life . According to police , witnesses said Steinhauer and college basketball player Miladin Kovacevic had exchanged harsh words at an upstate New York bar near Binghamton University after Steinhauer danced with the girlfriend of one of Kovacevic 's friends . The witnesses said the fight went outside the bar , where several men attacked Steinhauer , with Kovacevic beating him about the head , according to police . Kovacevic is 6-foot-9 and 260 pounds while Steinhauer was 130 pounds . Kovacevic was arrested but jumped bail and fled to Serbia with the help of Serbian consular officials in New York . The case strained relations between the United States and Serbia.Hillary Clinton intervened , first as U.S. senator from New York and later as secretary of state , as did Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , to make sure Kovacevic was prosecuted . Serbia has no extradition treaty with the United States , but Serbian officials arrested Kovacevic last October and are working on prosecuting him with the assistance of the district attorney of Broome County , where the beating took place . In addition , the Serbian government recently paid the Steinhauer family $ 900,000 in recognition of the misconduct of Serbian government officials and the financial burdens placed upon the Steinhauer family as a result of the beating . Steinhauer awoke from his coma last August , three months after the beating that left him with skull fractures , a severe brain injury and no memory of the attack . He weighed less than 100 pounds , could not speak or walk , and was fed through a tube , doctors said Wednesday . "  He had hemorrhages and contusions affecting almost every lobe of his brain , " said Dr. Brian Greenwald . Working with specialists and boosted by the support of his family , Steinhauer surprised even his doctors in his quick recovery , they said . He now has outpatient rehabilitation four times a week , goes to a gym , and receives acupuncture treatments . While he can eat on his own now and is making significant progress , Steinhauer continues to undergo intensive therapy . Steinhauer says he does n't think about Kovacevic because he 's not concerned about other people . "  I 've had a second birth and raising at Mount Sinai , " he said . "  Live long and prosper . "	Witnesses : Bryan Steinhauer was beaten into a coma by college basketball player A year after attack , victim says he does not hate the man who beat him Steinhauer says experience has taught him life lessons Suspect jumped bail , fled to Serbia where he is now being prosecuted
Washington  CNN  -- A majority of Americans are dissatisfied or angry with President Barack Obama 's administration and GOP leaders , according to exit polls released Tuesday and analyzed by CNN . And about 8 in 10 Americans disapprove of how Congress is handling its job , according to a survey of voters outside of polling places on Election Day . Nearly six in 10 voters are either dissatisfied or angry with both the White House and Republican leaders in Congress . Less than a third of Americans are satisfied with the Obama administration and GOP leaders . Follow the election on CNN Politics ' livestream And heading into the voting booth , seven in ten Americans said they were concerned about economic conditions . Most voters had a negative view of both parties , with the Democratic Party barely edging out the GOP to pull a positive view from 44 % of voters compared to 40 % for the Republican Party . But the two parties will be playing to moderates , with about 40 % of voters identifying themselves as neither liberal or conservative . The conservative bloc is also larger than the liberal bastion , with about 36 % of Americans calling themselves conservatives . And after an election that has played up government dysfunction and crises both at home and abroad , exit polls reveal that voters are concerned and anxious about the current state of the country and the direction it is headed . Two-thirds of voters said they believe the country is headed on the wrong track , and only 22 % believe the next generation of Americans will be better off . And about 72 % are at least somewhat worried that there could be a terrorist attack on U.S. soil . And voters ' confidence in the government has been seriously shaken , with only 1 in 5 voters saying they trust the government to do the right thing . On the issues Ebola : Ebola also hit the campaign trail this season and about six in ten Americans said they followed news about Ebola . And only about 44 % of Americans believe the federal government has done a good job combating the disease . ISIS : The threat of ISIS has also been played up by some Senate candidates , and a majority of Americans surveyed Tuesday support airstrikes against the militant group in Iraq and Syria . Check out CNN 's 2014 midterm elections Magic Wall Immigration : About half the electorate said they believe illegal immigrants should get an opportunity to gain legal status in the U.S , while about 37 % of voters said they want all illegal immigrants deported . Same-sex marriage : The midterm electorate is evenly split on the issue of same-sex marriage . Exit polls are surveys of voters taken as they leave polling stations as well as phone surveys of voters taken before Election Day . CNN 's Magic Wall Midterms coverage	CNN released its first wave of analysis from voters who participated in exit polls Tuesday A majority of those surveyed had unfavorable views of both parties
CNN  -- As one of the first four female lawmakers ever elected to Kuwait 's parliament , Aseel al-Awadhi knows she has a tough road ahead in the conservative Gulf state 's male-dominated legislature . Rola Dashti is one of four women who won parliamentary seats in the recent elections in Kuwait . Still , victory is sweet . "  Even before the results , people were piling up to congratulate me either from my own district or from other districts , " al-Awadhi , a university instructor , told CNN Sunday . "  I think that shows you the tremendous amount of support for women 's role in politics , " she said . "  And I think today I can confidently say that -LSB- the -RSB- gender issue is history in Kuwait -- I mean , regarding women 's role in politics . " Men have filled the seats of Kuwait 's parliament for nearly five decades , and it was only four years ago that the country granted women the right to vote and run for office . Watch new lawmaker discuss historic win " But , despite failed attempts in the past two elections , four women -- al-Awadhi , Rola Dashti , Salwa al-Jassar and Masouma al-Mubarak -- won parliamentary seats in Saturday 's general elections . "  The Kuwaiti women have been able to notch up this great victory at a crucial time and set a precedent in the history of Arabian Gulf parliaments , " Mohammad Al-Feili , a constitutional law professor at Kuwait University , told the official Kuwait News Agency . Two-hundred-and-ten candidates ran for 50 seats in the general election ; 16 were women . Al-Awadhi said the elections proved Kuwaitis want political change . "  Yes , they do , absolutely , " she said . "  Yes , I mean , this is my second time running for election . I ran last time ... and yes , people were talking about change . But this time , I realized that people are determined -- that they want to achieve change , they want to see change happen . " The elections were called after the emir , Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah , dissolved parliament , which is made up mostly of opposition politicians . He said he was dissolving parliament to put an end to a crisis that had paralyzed decision-making . The parliament had been locked in a feud with the government , which it accuses of corruption and abuse of power . It has been pressuring the government for the right to question ministers on deals . "  We do n't mean changing the ruling system -- we mean change within the parliament , " al-Awadhi told CNN . "  Because the parliament has been dominated by certain political groups for years and years . ... Their representation is intense , and their agenda also has been dominating the parliament agenda . "  So I think , when people speak about change , they need change and shifting the attention towards people 's needs and desires . And most of the parliament members during the last several years were not attending to people 's needs and desires . The parliament is made up of elected lawmakers , but ministers are appointed . The al-Sabah family has run Kuwait since it came into existence more than two centuries ago .	NEW : Elected female lawmaker says election shows support for female politicians Women pick up four seats in parliament for first time ever in Kuwait Women were first granted right to vote , run for office in 2006 210 candidates ran for 50 seats in the general election ; 16 were women
CNN  -- The police chief of the violent Mexican border town of Nuevo Laredo has been missing for days , and state authorities are trying to find him , the Tamaulipas Attorney General 's Office told CNN early Tuesday . Travel warning : Violence spreading in Mexico Roberto Alejandro Balmori Garza was last seen over the weekend , spokesman Ruben Dario Rios said . Local media report that Balmori Garza 's two brothers were found shot dead in the neighboring state of Nuevo Leon on Sunday . Local reports said one of his brothers was a federal prosecutor . The Attorney General 's Office would not confirm those reports to CNN . Widespread drug cartel-related violence has scared local officials into revealing little information about ongoing investigations . Outgoing Mexican president defends legacy in wake of drug war The state Attorney General 's Office "  has instructed a delegation in Nuevo Laredo to correspond to the respective authorities to establish the collection of information leading to determining the city official 's whereabouts , " a news release said . In 2005 , the police chief in Nuevo Laredo was gunned down on his first day on the job . In 2010 , gunmen also killed a retired army general put in charge of police there . Read more : Mexico 's invisible women Nuevo Laredo has been the scene of violent attacks in Mexico 's drug war . Like most Mexican border cities , it offers rows of bars , inexpensive dentists , restaurants and cultural events to draw tourists . But tourism has sharply declined in the past six years as drug cartel violence has spiraled in Mexico . Because of the various bridges into the United States and access to a major highway , rival drug cartels are vying for control of Nuevo Laredo . Gunmen rape 6 tourists near Acapulco , Mexico Los Zetas , arguably the most violent Mexican drug cartel , are headquartered in Nuevo Laredo , which sits directly across the border from Laredo , Texas . The group has operations in at least 11 Mexican states and has been in a bloody turf war in northeast Mexico with the rival Gulf Cartel for the last several years . In late 2011 , the Texas Department of Public Safety warned against holiday travel to Nuevo Laredo , citing information that the Zetas may be targeting U.S. citizens .	Roberto Alejandro Balmori Garza was last seen over the weekend , official says Reports say his 2 brothers were found shot dead in neighboring Nuevo Leon state Sunday Nuevo Laredo has been the scene of violent attacks in Mexico 's drug war
Jerusalem  CNN  A Palestinian teenager 's name will be removed from an Israeli memorial commemorating fallen soldiers and the victims of terrorism after his family and others complained . Mohammed Abu Khdeir 's name appeared this week on the wall at Jerusalem 's Mount Herzl , the site of the national cemetery , as the nation prepared to mark its Memorial Day on Wednesday . Abu Khdeir , 16 , was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July , according to prosecutors . A picture on the memorial website for Abu Khdeir shows an Israeli flag with two flowers called "  Blood of the Maccabees " in Israel , a symbol often used on Memorial Day , when the country honors its soldiers killed in the line of duty and victims of terrorism . But Abu Khdeir 's family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall . His father , Hussein Abu Khdeir , said no one asked for his permission to put his son 's name on the wall . "  I refuse that my son 's name will be listed between soldiers of the occupation , " he said . Almagor , an organization that works on behalf of victims of terror in Israel , also opposes Abu Khdeir 's inclusion on the memorial . Almagor described the teen 's death as a rogue attack and said he 's not a terror victim . "  Somebody did here a trick , and we are going to fight to correct it , " said Almagor CEO Meir Indor . "  We will not recognize someone who was murdered in a brutal way in an individual action . " Indor 's organization wrote a letter to the National Insurance Institute of Israel -- the country 's social security administration , which maintains the memorial site -- demanding that Abu Khdeir 's name be removed from the memorial wall . Indor said if the teenager 's name is not taken off , members of Almagor want their own family members ' names removed . On Wednesday , Israel Radio reported that the National Insurance Institute of Israel will remove Abu Khdeir 's name from the memorial following his father 's complaints . The teen 's name has already been removed from the organization 's website , which lists the names on the memorial wall . A panel of judges began hearing evidence in January against the three suspects in Abu Khdeir 's killing .	Abu Khdeir 's name is on the memorial wall at Jerusalem 's Mount Herzl His father and a terror victim advocacy group objected to his being included in the list The Palestinian teenager was beaten and burned by three Israelis , authorities say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- As emerging markets slump and the euro zone continues to struggle , the Philippine economy made a surprising surge in the first part of this year . The slowdowns in BRIC countries , China in particular , are feared to drag down the global economy . But in the first quarter of 2012 , the Philippine economy grew 6.4 % , the fastest since 2010 and already far outpacing the International Monetary Fund 's forecast growth of 3.5 % for this year . The growth surge was driven in part by a recovery of electronics exports after a decline in demand last year , while analysts say the economy was buoyed by strong domestic consumption . It is the money sent home to the Philippines by its overseas workers , known as remittances , and the rise of outsourced call centers that serve as the long-term stabilizers relatively unhindered by a sagging global economy , according to analysts . "  About 70 % of our economy is from consumption , so remittance is the key fuel behind that , " said Haj Narvaez , Manila-based head of research for the Philippines at Credit-Suisse . "  It drives consumption in malls . Even on the property side , the government estimates a third of remittances go into home purchases and rentals of properties . " It is estimated that 11 % of the population of 92 million work overseas . Remittances account for about 10 % of the country 's GDP , which totaled $ 225 billion in 2011 . Because Filipinos head to a wide variety of countries to work , the diversity protects them from the full impact of regional economic troubles . The Middle East has the largest portion of the Philippines ' overseas labor force , with 61 % working there . Asia is the next highest , with 27 % , followed by the 6 % in Europe . Moreover , these migrants often work as domestic workers , nurses or skilled technicians , types of jobs that are believed to be less vulnerable during an economic slowdown . "  You have an aging population in the West , and you have a young population here in the Philippines that is waiting to do jobs that some people in the West are n't willing to do , " Narvaez said . Another sector that has helped drive consumption is the call center industry , which has overtaken India 's as the largest over the past decade . These jobs are considered well - paid -- enough for workers to afford , after several years ' employment , down payments on condominiums in Manila 's booming property market , Narvaez said . These jobs could leave the country structurally well positioned going into a slowdown ; as wealthier economies seek to cut costs , they tend to increase outsourcing to low-cost , English-speaking markets like the Philippines . Singapore-based Edward Teather , the senior economist for ASEAN at UBS , said the Philippines has experienced "  a virtuous circle of improved stability " with more investments , lower inflation , currency valuations going up and interest rates coming down . Other factors that have aided in the country 's growth early this year are the transfer of operations to the Philippines from Thailand by flood-disrupted businesses , said Teather , as well as improved electronics exports . While most analysts are optimistic , they do not expect growth for the year to be maintained at the first quarter 's level -- Bloomberg 's compiled predictions for GDP growth in 2012 averages at 4.2 % . Standard & Poor 's upgraded the country 's debt rating last Wednesday to BB + , one notch below investment grade . Last Friday , the Philippines Stock Exchange Index hit an all-time high . The peso was the best performer among the 11 major Asian currencies , according to Bloomberg , up 5 % against the dollar this year . Cuts in interest rates and the government 's plans to spend more aggressively have boosted investor confidence in the Philippines , which has a third of its population living below the poverty line of $ 1.25 per day . Economists also credit President Benigno Aquino for his efforts to push back corruption and undertake infrastructure projects . "  You can see evidence of construction activity in Manila , " Teather said . "  You can see cranes on the horizon . You can see new roads have been put in place . "	In the first quarter of 2012 , the Philippine economy grew 6.4 % , outpacing expectations The growth surge was driven in part by a recovery of electronics exports Remittances and outsourced call centers serve as long-term stabilizers Cuts in interest rates and the government 's plans to spend more aggressively have boosted investor confidence
CNN  -- There 's a reason the city of Portland looks so inviting on the hit IFC show "  Portlandia . " "  We film only during the summer so it appears particularly sunny and bright , though I will tell you it is not that way always , " co-creator and co-star of the show Carrie Brownstein told CNN . "  It 's a pretty special place and there is such fondness for me for the city . " The city seems to love Brownstein and her creative partner Fred Armisen right back , as evidenced by an award they received from one of the travel boards in Oregon . After all , they have helped draw plenty of fans with their quirky sketch comedy series , which returns for its third season Friday . Brownstein recently spoke with CNN about the changes fans can expect this season , her dream guest stars and "  the hipster method of acting . " CNN : How will season three of "  Portlandia " be different ? Carrie Brownstein : First and foremost when we were going into season three we were thinking about other shows and what drew us to those shows and kept us coming back . We realized that it was character and developing some type of relationship with a character . We realized that we had only introduced characters in the first two seasons , but had n't really explored who they were or that much about their lives or their relationship to the city . We really started focusing on the characters in the third season so there will be a deeper exploration of the people on the show . I think that definitely makes for a richer and more intriguing season . It feels like a more fully actualized show to me now . CNN : Since the series has been so character-driven , have there ever been any characters that you tried but had to abandon ? Brownstein : There have been plenty of one-off characters that have n't worked out , but I could n't even name them now 'cause they are done . Any character that we have had a fondness for or feel like we can explore are the ones that come back . CNN : Is it at all challenging having a show tied so closely to a specific locale ? It 's as if Portland is its own character in the show . Brownstein : I agree . We 've intentionally made Portland a character on the show . I like the notion of place in any narrative . People 's relationship to where they live , and the idea of an internal landscape that people possess has always been fascinating to me whether it 's in fiction , song writing or in television . I love how "  The Wire " and Baltimore are so intrinsically tied . I think that in terms of the narrative landscape , really having place be distinct helps define shows . So it 's not a challenge . I actually think it really grounds the show and provides a reality that we can spring off of . Soundcheck : Brownstein and her Wild Flag band members CNN : The show has been very successful in luring a variety of stars to appear in cameo roles  several celebs including Jack White , Edward James Olmos , Selma Blair , Gus Van Sant and Sarah McLachlan have had bit parts  . Who are your dream folks that you have n't had on the show yet who you would love to see appear ? Brownstein : A couple years in a row we 've tried to get Cate Blanchett , which is crazy . Werner Herzog , the director , we have tried to get on the show . There is always this pie in the sky list , but each and every time I feel happier and luckier with the guest stars that we do get , so I would consider them dream casting as well . At the beginning of the year you think you are going to end up with every Oscar-winning actor or actress and that 's not usually the case . CNN : Why Cate Blanchett ? Brownstein : She 's just so enigmatic . When I think of the film "  I 'm Not There " where she plays Bob Dylan , she just has this kind of boldness about her and she 's very interesting . We always kind of want her for a slightly malevolent type of role . She 's just a great actress , and we would love to work with her . CNN : I 've always wanted to see Quentin Tarantino on the show . Brownstein : You know , we asked him to be on the show . A lot of times people want to do it , but it 's scheduling issues and such . People are very gracious in declining . CNN : How long do you envision "  Portlandia " going on , because fans would like for it to be on forever . Brownstein : Ha ! You say that now , but I do n't think it 's true . I feel like shows have a time and place . I 'd like to think of it as coming to existence , hopefully being something that people are drawn to and feel a connection to and then kind of leaving before we wear out our welcome . Ideally I think five seasons would be the perfect amount of time "  Portlandia " should exist in the world . That 's not to be self-defeating ; it just feels like we can tell a story and get to the places we want to get to in terms of writing in that amount of time . But you never know whether we are getting another -LSB- season -RSB- or not , so maybe it will be three . CNN : You and Fred -LSB- Armisen -RSB- recently voiced the characters of Terrance and Emily , a couple from the Pacific Northwest who settle in Springfield on "  The Simpsons . " Do you feel like you guys are kind of locked into the hipster method of acting ? Brownstein : Hopefully not . I 'm not even sure what that is , but I like your description of it that way . I just think that "  The Simpsons " had that episode percolating for awhile , but I do n't think we are limited to just that . There was certainly some crossover between "  The Simpsons " and "  Portlandia " that seemed natural .	"  Portlandia ' returns for its third season on Friday Co-creator and star Carrie Brownstein says the show will delve into the characters ' lives She 'd like to see the series get five seasons
CNN  -- Just days after a Boeing 737 flown by Southwest Airlines made an emergency landing with a hole in its fuselage , the Federal Aviation Administration said in a press release Monday that it will mandate operators of about 175 specific older Boeing 737s to conduct inspections for wear and tear . The FAA said the "  emergency directive " it plans to issue on Tuesday would affect about 80 U.S.-registered 737-300s , 737-400s and 737-500s , mostly operated by Southwest . The remaining 95 or so aircraft are registered outside the United States . Each of the 175 or so planes in question have taken off and landed more than 30,000 times and will receive repetitive electromagnetic inspections at regular intervals for fatigue damage . In a separate statement , Boeing said it was working with the FAA , the National Transportation Safety Board and Southwest , and it was preparing a service bulletin to recommend lap joint inspections on certain 737 models . NTSB board member Robert Sumwalt said Monday that inspectors have visually checked lap joints in the past , but have n't used high-tech monitoring , because no one thought that part of the plane was susceptible to cracks . Moving forward , inspectors will test the joints with an electromagnetic process . The chairman on the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation said in a statement that the American public wants answers to retain confidence in commercial air travel . "  As the details of this unusual incident unfold , we will get a better understanding of what caused the plane 's fuselage to tear open , " said Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia . "  I expect the FAA to be painstakingly diligent in reviewing the safety of all aircraft , and to conduct a careful investigation into what caused the cracks that have been discovered on the bodies of these planes . " Rockefeller took advantage of the occasion to renew his call for reauthorizing the FAA . "  The FAA reauthorization bill now headed to conference takes steps to strengthen the inspection process of passenger aircraft , and I hope we can move that bill quickly to a resolution , " he said . After Southwest canceled about 600 flights over the weekend to accommodate inspections , the airline said it canceled another 70 flights on Monday . By 3:30 p.m. Monday , the company had checked out 67 of the 79 planes it had grounded for inspection . Southwest said 64 of the 737-300s were being returned to service , while inspectors had discovered subsurface cracks on three jets . Those three will remain out of service "  until Boeing recommends an appropriate repair , " Southwest said . As planes are cleared , they will be put back into service , Southwest said . Inspections are expected to be completed by late Tuesday . The airline recommended that customers should check with the website SWA.com for the status of a particular flight or rebook a trip before heading to the airport . Eighteen minutes into Flight 812 from Phoenix to Sacramento , California , on Friday , a hole 5 feet long and 1 foot wide opened in the fuselage , causing the cabin to lose pressure , the NTSB said . One flight attendant received minor injuries , the agency said . The pilot initially planned to return to Phoenix , but he made an emergency landing at a military base in Yuma , Arizona , after flight attendants reported seeing blue sky through the jet 's roof , the safety board 's Robert Sumwalt told reporters . Some of the 118 passengers who were aboard the crippled Boeing 737 said they feared for their lives . "  We were in shock , " passenger Debbie Downey said Saturday . "  We were in row 16 , and my husband and I could see blue sky ... the wiring , the cabling . It actually was terrifying . " Greg Hansen said fellow passengers panicked and screamed as the sun shone through the cabin . "  Most people were just white knuckles , holding on to the arm rests , " he said . The airline said it provided a full refund , an apology and two complimentary round-trip passes on the airline for future flights . In July 2009 , another Southwest Airlines 737-300 made an emergency landing when cabin pressure dropped because of a football-size hole in the jet . That incident prompted the airline to inspect its entire fleet of 737-300s . Earlier that same year , the airline was fined $ 7.5 million by the FAA after the agency found that Southwest operated 46 of its Boeing 737s on nearly 60,000 flights without performing mandatory inspections for fatigue cracks in their fuselages . Sumwalt said the 737 used for Flight 812 had a maintenance check in March at Southwest 's Dallas facility , and the jet had no outstanding maintenance issues at the time of the accident , with all its records "  positive , up to date ,  and  with no discrepancies . " The plane 's flight data recorders had no noteworthy information on them , Sumwalt said . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Ric Ward and Marnie Hunter contributed to this report	NEW : Southwest Airlines says as of 3:30 p.m. , it had inspected 67 of its 79 grounded jets NEW : The joint where the breach opened had been visually , not electromagnetically , inspected in past The Federal Aviation Administration says it plans to mandate inspections of certain 737s About 175 planes , including about 80 registered in the United States will be subject to inspection
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China is planning to ban shark fin soup from being served at official banquets , in a sign the country may be losing its taste for the expensive delicacy . According to Chinese media , the Government Office Administration of the State Council said the ban could take up to three years to implement and would help cut the cost of sometimes lavish banquets held for state functions . The move followed a proposal made during the National People 's Congress in March this year . Bertha Lo of the campaign group Hong Kong Shark Foundation said the move could potentially reduce the amount of sharks killed given that China is the biggest consumer of shark fin products . "  I think it will have an impact , " she said . "  The government in China is powerful and if it takes the lead on this issue , I do n't see why others should n't follow suit . " Between 26 million and 73 million sharks are estimated to be killed each year , according to a 2006 academic study quoted on the website of Lo 's group . Their carcasses are usually discarded and campaigners say the practice is wasteful and cruel . The World Wildlife Fund says that 181 species of shark are under threat , up from 15 in 1996 . Shark 's fin soup is widely served in restaurants in Chinese communities worldwide and is a dish often served at weddings to mark the importance of the occasion and impress the couple 's extended families and friends . But the custom has become less popular among a younger generation of diners , who are more environmentally conscious , says Lo . Last year , the operator of the high-end Peninsula hotel chain said it would remove shark fin products from its menus and Shangri-la Hotels made a similar move this year . Shark fins off the menu at top hotel In Beijing , the five-star Swissotel has also stopped serving shark fin , according to the China Daily . Outside Asia , legislation banning shark fin has been introduced in five U.S. states including California , which this month also banned the French duck liver delicacy foie gras on the grounds of cruelty . In China , the campaign against shark fin products has gained steam following pledges by celebrities , such as former NBA star Yao Ming , not to eat the delicacy .	China plans ban on shark fin being served at official banquets The ban could take up to three years to implement Move follows proposal made at National People 's Congress in March Around 73 million sharks killed for their fins each year
CNN  The world 's highest-profile polygamist now has a new wife ... sort of . Kody Brown and his four wives -- Meri , Christine , Janelle and Robyn -- star in the TLC series "  Sister Wives , " a reality show about life with their family , which includes their 17 children . Brown legally wed his first wife , Meri , in 1990 and has reportedly divorced her in order to legally marry his fourth wife , Robyn . Legally , Brown can be married to only one woman . The fundamentalist Mormon family released a statement to "  Entertainment Tonight " saying they have "  chosen to legally restructure " their family . "  We made this decision together as a family . We are grateful to our family , friends and fans for all their love and support . " The show premiered in 2010 and has documented the family 's highs and lows , including tensions among the wives and with Brown . Brown married Robyn in a spiritual ceremony during the first season . Brown has a teen daughter with Meri , six children each with Christine and Janelle and a son with Robyn . Robyn also has three children from a previous relationship . Church : Mormon founder Joseph Smith wed 40 wives	"  Sister Wives ' " Kody Brown has divorced his first wife to marry his fourth The couple was married in 1990 The family says they have "  chosen to legally restructure "
CNN  -- An 11-year-old California girl snatched from the street in front of her house in 1991 had two children with the man accused of taking her and was forced along with the children to live in backyard sheds , police said Thursday . Jaycee Lee Dugard as she looked in 1991 and an age-progression image of what she might look like as an adult . "  From what they have both said , he fathered both of those children with Jaycee -LSB- Dugard -RSB- , " El Dorado County Undersheriff Fred Kollar told reporters . The girls , now 11 and 15 , had been living with their mother , now 29 , in a series of sheds behind Phillip Garrido 's house in Antioch , California , until they were discovered on Wednesday , Kollar said . "  None of the children had ever gone to school , they had never been to a doctor , they were kept in complete isolation in this compound , if you will , at the rear of the house , " he said . "  They were born there . " In a rambling telephone interview from jail , Garrido told CNN affiliate KCRA of Sacramento he was relieved at being caught . "  I feel much better now , " he said . "  This is a process that needed to take place . " Kollar said Garrido 's wife , Nancy , was with her husband when Dugard was abducted from the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe . Garrido was already a registered sex offender at the time . Watch police talk about why they arrested Garrido " "  There was nothing then nor is there anything now to indicate that this was anything other than a stranger abduction of an 11-year-old , " Kollar said . The investigation went years without apparent progress until Tuesday , when Garrido showed up on the campus of the University of California at Berkeley with his two daughters and attempted to get permission to hand out literature and speak , Kollar said . He did not know the subject of either the literature or the planned talk . Police officers "  thought the interaction between the older male and the two young females was rather suspicious , " so she confronted them and performed a background check on him , Kollar said . That check revealed that Garrido was on federal parole for a 1971 conviction for rape and kidnapping , for which he had served time in the federal penitentiary at Leavenworth , Kansas . A school spokesman identified the officers as Allison Jacobs and Lisa Campbell , and said the two became suspicious of "  subtle behavior " Garrido exhibited . They passed on the information to Garrido 's parole officer , who requested that the 58-year-old man appear Wednesday at the parole office . Garrido did just that , accompanied by his wife , Nancy , "  and a female named Allissa , " Kollar said . The presence of "  Allissa " and the two children surprised the parole officer , who had never seen them during visits to Garrido 's house , Kollar said . "  Ultimately , Allissa was identified as Dugard , " Kollar said . DNA confirmation is being sought to confirm her identity , but Dugard revealed information during an interview that only she could have known , Kollar said . "  The two minor children turned out to be children of Jaycee and the male suspect , Garrido , " he said . Scott Kernan , undersecretary of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , told reporters that Garrido admitted to having abducted Dugard . El Dorado County Sheriff 's Office online records showed that Phillip and Nancy Garrido were in the county jail , held on suspicion of offenses including conspiracy to commit a crime and kidnapping with the intent to commit robbery and rape . Dugard had been living behind Garrido 's home since she was kidnapped , Kollar said . But her presence there apparently went unnoticed by others in the residential neighborhood , where homes on one-fourth to one-half-acre lots typically sell for less than $ 200,000 , said Kathy Russo , whose father has lived two houses away from the Garridos for 33 years . "  My dad said he never saw a young woman , " said Russo , who added that her father , 94-year-old Dante Confetti , considered Garrido to be a "  kind of strange , reclusive , kind of an angry kind of guy . " She said the one-story house 's backyard was obscured by trees and ringed by a wooden fence . Her family 's last contact with Garrido was last fall , she said . "  He was burning something in the backyard and my home health aide called the fire department , " Russo said . "  He was really pissed off , " she said . "  Came over to the house and started yelling . " Garrido told KCRA that he left documents three days ago with the FBI in San Francisco , California , that would shed light on the case . "  They 're going to be a part of the trial , " he said . A call from CNN to the FBI 's San Francisco bureau was not immediately returned . Garrido said he could not go into detail about why he chose to abduct Dugard . "  I have n't talked to a lawyer yet , so I ca n't do that , " he said . But Garrido said he had "  completely turned my life around " in the past several years . "  You 're going to find the most powerful story coming from the witness , from the victim , " he said . "  If you take this a step at a time , you 're going to fall over backward and in the end you 're going to find the most powerful , heartwarming story . " He added , "  Wait 'til you hear the story of what took place at this house . You 're going to be absolutely impressed . It 's a disgusting thing that took place with me in the beginning , but I turned my life completely around . " Describing the two daughters , he said , "  Those two girls slept in my arms every single night from birth ; I never kissed them . " But in a later comment , he said that , from the time the youngest was born , "  everything turned around . " Asked about the fact that they had not seen doctors , he said , "  We just did n't have the finances and so forth . " Kollar said a search of Garrido 's property "  revealed a hidden backyard within a backyard , " he said . It included several sheds no higher than 6 feet tall , two tents and several outbuildings "  where Jaycee and the girls spent most of their lives . " The "  secondary " backyard was inside the first and was "  screened from view . " One of the sheds was soundproof , he said . "  The way the backyard is set up you could walk through the backyard , walk through the house and never know that there was another set of living circumstances in that backyard . " At the end of the backyard is a 6-foot fence lined with shrubs , tall trees , garbage bags and a tarp , all of which obscured views of what was there , he said . Extension cords provided electricity to the sheds and tents , and an outhouse and rudimentary shower "  as if you were camping " were there , too , he said . Dugard "  was in good health , but living in a backyard for the past 18 years does take its toll , " Kollar said . He described her as "  relatively cooperative , relatively forthcoming " in discussions with detectives . He said Dugard was "  in relatively good condition , " neither obviously abused nor malnourished . He added , "  There are no known attempts by her to outreach to anybody . " The mother and her two daughters were staying at a motel in the area , he said . "  Family reunification has begun and will be a long and ongoing process , " he said , presumably referring to Dugard 's parents . Earlier Thursday , Carl Probyn , Dugard 's stepfather , told CNN that an FBI agent had called his wife , Terry , on Wednesday afternoon to tell her that Dugard had been found . "  Jaycee remembers everything , " he said . "  They talked back and forth and she had the right answers to all my wife 's questions . " He said , "  I 'm feeling great ! ... It 's like winning the Lotto . " He witnessed the abduction of the blond , blue-eyed girl , who was wearing a pink windbreaker and pink stretch pants as she walked to her bus stop on June 10 , 1991 . Watch the stepfather describe finding out Jaycee is alive " At the time , "  It was reported that a vehicle occupied by two individuals drove up to Jaycee Dugard and abducted her in view of her stepfather , " the El Dorado County Sheriff 's office said Thursday . Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , said the reappearance of Dugard is "  absolutely huge . " "  One of the things that we preach to searching families all the time ... is that even in these long-term cases there 's hope , " he said . "  Even in these long-term cases ... it 's important that we not let the world forget . " CNN 's Taylor Gandossy , Tom Watkins and Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	NEW : Kidnapped girl grew up , had children with captor , sheriff says Sex offender admitted to having abducted girl in South Lake Tahoe , police say Phillip Garrido , Nancy Garrido booked on charges related to kidnapping Jaycee Dugard disappeared in South Lake Tahoe , California , at age 11 in 1991
RICHMOND , Virginia  CNN  -- A co-defendant in the federal dogfighting case against Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick pleaded guilty Monday morning . Tony Taylor walks into the federal courthouse in Richmond , Virginia , to enter his guilty plea . Tony Taylor has also agreed to cooperate fully with the government . He will be sentenced on December 14 and could be sentenced to up to five years in prison , fined $ 250,000 and put on three years supervised release , according to court documents filed Monday in Richmond . Taylor , 34 , of Hampton , Virginia , Vick and two other co-defendants -- Purnell Peace , 35 , of Virginia Beach , Virginia , and Quanis Phillips , 28 , of Atlanta , Georgia , were charged on July 17 with conspiracy to travel in interstate commerce in aid of unlawful activities , and conspiring to sponsor a dog in an animal fighting venture . In entering the guilty plea , Taylor , who remains free on bond , waived all his rights , including his right to appeal . He told U.S. District Judge Henry E. Hudson that he understood he is now a convicted felon . "  You 're pleading guilty and taking your chances , right ? " Hudson asked Taylor . He responded , "  Yes . " Taylor had the same answer when Hudson asked : "  You have agreed to cooperate fully with the United States , is that right ? " It has been widely speculated that Taylor 's plea , which had been expected , and his future cooperation with the prosecution could hurt Vick by helping the government prove its case against the high-profile football player . Taylor said the government did not promise him any sentencing deal in exchange for his cooperation . According to the summary of facts filed with the court on Monday , Taylor said that he and the other three co-defendants , including Vick , decided to start a dogfighting venture in early 2001 and that Vick paid for the property in Smithfield , Virginia , used for the operations . The four launched the venture , Bad Newz Kennels , in early 2002 , Taylor said . In the court documents , Taylor says that he , Phillips and Peace "  executed " dogs that did not "  perform well in ` testing ' " sessions , but does not mention Vick as having participated in the executions . He does , however , say that Vick accompanied the other three co-defendants to dogfights in other states on at least four occasions , and that the quarterback sponsored dogs in fights at his property on several other occasions , all between 2002 and 2004 . Taylor said he left the dogfighting operation in September 2004 "  following a disagreement with Phillips . " The trial for the three remaining defendants has been set for November 26 . A federal grand jury charged the men with organizing bloody and vicious dogfights on a piece of property that Vick bought in 2001 . They also are accused of transporting and delivering dogs across state lines . Taylor discovered the site that became the Bad Newz Kennels -- the staging area for housing and training the pit bulls and hosting dog fights , the indictment said . On Friday , more than 50 supporters of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals had gathered outside the National Football League 's headquarters in Manhattan demanding Vick 's suspension . PETA had sent a letter to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , Vick 's corporate sponsors and the Atlanta Falcons condemning dogfighting as ignorant and cruel . The letter did not directly presume Vick 's guilt , nor did it directly ask the NFL to suspend Vick . The letter was backed by civil rights activist the Rev. Al Sharpton , hip-hop mogul and vegan Russell Simmons , and the president of PETA . In his first public comment since the indictment , Vick called his legal predicament "  a crazy situation " and said he hopes to return soon to the gridiron , wearing a Falcons jersey . But he acknowledged in a phone interview Monday with Atlanta radio station V-103 , "  There are a lot of things that needed to be worked out . " "  I 've been -LSB- in Atlanta -RSB- for the last seven years of my life . I would love to come back , " Vick told radio personality Porsche Foxx . "  But it remains to be seen . " The president of the Atlanta chapter of the NAACP criticized the prosecution of Vick at a news conference Monday morning . Dr. R.L. White Jr. accused the government of "  piling on . " "  There 's a penalty in football for piling on , " White told reporters . "  After a player has been tackled and somebody piles on , they 're penalized for unnecessary roughness . "  Today , the NAACP blows the whistle and warns the powers that be that you are piling on . " Watch White caution the public to keep an open mind " E-mail to a friend	Atlanta Falcons QB Michael Vick tells radio station he hopes to return Co-defendant Tony Taylor agrees to cooperate ; could include testimony Indictment : Vick , others ran ring that executed dogs that did n't fight well
CNN Student News  -- March 17 , 2014 A vote in Crimea has brought up more questions about the future of Ukraine . We 'll cover preliminary results and responses from other countries . There 's also a shift in focus and the search area concerning a missing Malaysia Airlines plane . And a symbol of hope stands in Japan , three years after a series of disasters struck the country . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might the outcome of an election be reported differently by different countries ' news media ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . secession 2 . tsunami 3 . sandstone Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Where is Crimea ? What did voters there decide yesterday ? How have Russia , Ukraine , the European Union and the United States responded to this vote ? 2 . According to the video : What happened to two communication systems on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 while en route to Beijing ? Why do authorities now believe those systems stopped working ? What other strange maneuvers did the plane make ? Why do authorities believe that these were deliberate actions ? 3 . What disasters struck Japan three years ago ? What is a tsunami ? What happened to the town of Rikuzentakata on Japan 's northeast coast ? What is the "  Miracle Pine " ? What was done when salt water threatened the life of this tree ? 4 . Why have over 100,000 people marched across frozen Lake Superior this winter ? How do they describe what they see ? What are the caves made of ? What causes the ice formations ? 5 . What republic in Western Europe is celebrating its national holiday today ? About how many Americans say they have Irish ancestry ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What options do you think Russia , the U.S. , and the European Union have concerning the Crimea vote ? What consequences might each option have ? 2 . Why might an object remaining after a disaster become a symbol for survivors ? Do you think that images of these kinds of objects are powerful ? Explain . 3 . Can you think of any other natural geologic features , like the ice caves shown in the video , that attract tourists ? Explain . Have you ever visited any of these kinds of formations ? If so , where did you go and what did you see ? What did you learn from the experience ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- The Philippines Department of Tourism has a lot to boast about . The country has beautiful beaches , great scuba diving and a culture that is known for its hospitality . What it does n't have is a lot of money for a global tourism campaign . Thankfully , the country 's social media mad population is happy to help . In January , the government launched a campaign with the tagline "  It 's More Fun in the Philippines , " openly inviting the country 's bloggers , tweeters and Facebook friends to come up with their own ads . "  We just opened another battlefront , which was the social media side and tapping into the fact that there are 27 million Filipinos on Facebook , " says campaign creator David Guerrero . The response was resounding . Within hours #itsmorefuninthephilippines became the number one trending item on Twitter . Facebook pages filled with homemade ads popped up , exclaiming everything from "  Social Climbing , More Fun in the Philippines , " to "  Angry Birds , More Fun in the Philippines . " Roland Benzon was one of many Filipinos who seized on the campaign with delight , creating his own Facebook album of ads . Within 24 hours , his work was shared by over 10,000 people . He says the democratic nature of the campaign inspired him . "  Usually it 's top down , " he says . "  The government does something and we just sit there passively reacting to it and voicing our opinions . Here it was n't that way . We actually made the ads . " Read more : Why Philippines tourism is a tough sell The use of crowd-sourcing did mean that not all the ads stuck to the positive messages the government hoped to convey . Ads sprung up with slogans like "  Poverty , More Fun in the Philippines , " and "  Corruption , More Fun in the Philippines . " "  There is no way with a genuine people 's campaign that you can control everything that people are going to say and everything is going to be the way you 'd like it to be , " says Guerrero . Still he feels the positive reception for the campaign has overwhelmed the negative . Tourism numbers to the Philippines are rising , though the country does have a long way to go . Fewer than four million people visited the country last year , compared with 19 million to Thailand and the industry has yet to become a tent pole for the broader economy . However visitor arrivals were up nearly 16 % in the first two months of this year . One of the Philippines ' greatest battles in attracting tourists will continue to be its poor infrastructure . Roads and airports across the country are in need of a major upgrade and tourists ' complaints range from hassles with dishonest taxi drivers to less than savory toilets . The current government has said it is committed to upgrading the country 's tourism infrastructure , allocating a chuck of money towards the cause in the 2012 budget . Those involved in the travel industry says such government support is necessary if the country wants to fully capitalize on the buzz from its tourism campaign . After all , it 's one thing to promise people "  More Fun in the Philippines " but another thing to deliver it .	The Philippines attracted around 4 million tourists last year Thailand attracted 19 million visitors during the same period Social media a huge help to promoting the Philippines as holiday destination
An Italian appeals court convicted former exchange student Amanda Knox and her ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito on murder charges Thursday night . Prosecutors said the couple had killed Meredith Kercher in November 2007 . They were convicted two years later of murder , but those charges were overturned on appeal in 2011 . A judge said Thursday that Knox , also convicted of slander , was sentenced in absentia to 28 1/2 years in prison . Sollecito 's sentence was 25 years . Knox , who was at home in Seattle , Washington , said her conviction would bring no consolation to the Kercher family . "  I am frightened and saddened by this unjust verdict , " she said in written remarks . "  Having been found innocent before , I expected better from the Italian justice system . The evidence and accusatory theory do not justify a verdict of guilt beyond a reasonable doubt . ... There has always been a marked lack of evidence . " She called the legal proceedings a travesty . "  This has gotten out of hand . Most troubling is that it was entirely preventable , " she said . "  I beseech those with the knowledge and authority to address and remediate the problems that worked to pervert the course of justice and waste the valuable resources of the system . " Knox also said that Kercher 's family had suffered greatly . "  Their grief over Meredith 's terrible murder will follow them forever . They deserve respect and support . " What comes next Presiding Judge Alessandro Nencini has 90 days to write his arguments behind the jury 's ruling . Once that is out , lawyers have 90 days to appeal . Knox 's attorney , Ted Simon , said there will certainly be an appeal and cautioned that extradition should n't yet be a part of the conversation surrounding the case . "  It 's really not in play right now , because first of all , she has another appeal to the Supreme Court of Italy , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 . "  In Italy , under their system , you 're still actually presumed innocent until that third , final stage . " Simon said that if extradition does become an issue , Knox has "  very substantial defenses " that can be used . "  But I think we should n't get ahead of ourselves , " he told CNN . "  The bottom line is , there is no evidence . There was no evidence , and there never will be any evidence , and that 's why this is such a gross miscarriage of justice . " Legal analysts debated whether the U.S. would send Knox back to Italy if Rome requests extradition . It is unlikely that Knox will return to Italy to serve additional prison time because U.S. law dictates that a person can not be tried twice on the same charge , a legal expert told CNN . "  She was once put in jeopardy and later acquitted , " said Sean Casey , a former prosecutor who is now a partner at Kobre & Kim in New York . "  Under the treaty  between the two nations  , extradition should not be granted . " CNN legal analyst Mark O'Mara said that the United States has to respect the treaty . "  We have to follow the letter of the law , " he said Thursday . Knox says she wo n't go back Kercher , 21 , of Great Britain , was found partially nude in a pool of blood in the house she shared with Knox in the picturesque town of Perugia , where both women were exchange students . Knox has said she is afraid to return to Italy , where she spent four years behind bars . "  I will become ... a fugitive , " she told Italian daily La Repubblica this month , when asked what she would do if she was found guilty in the second trial . Italy 's Supreme Court in March overturned the pair 's acquittals , saying that the jury did not consider all the evidence and that discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered . The case was sent to a retrial in Florence . Amanda Knox retrial verdict : Six things to know Ruling unclear The retrial began in September , refocusing international attention on the case that grabbed headlines in Italy , Britain and the United States -- but neither Knox nor Sollecito were present in court . Both Knox and Sollecito have maintained their innocence . Timeline : Kercher murder case ` Fugitive ' Knox , 26 , and Sollecito , 29 , were convicted in 2009 of killing Kercher , who was found with more than 40 stab wounds and a deep gash in her throat . Speaking on Thursday , Knox 's defense team asked for an acquittal . Knox has always denied murdering Kercher and has maintained she is not guilty in a written statement to the Florence court . "  I must repeat to you . I 'm innocent . I did not rape , I did not steal ... I did not kill Meredith , " Knox said in a lengthy e-mail presented by her lawyer to the court in December . Sollecito was in the Dominican Republic at the start of the retrial but returned to Italy . In November , he took to the stand to make a spontaneous declaration , saying the charges against him were "  absurd . " "  For me , it 's a nightmare that goes beyond imagination , " he said of what he 's been through . ` No one remembers Meredith ' "  They are tired of this long trial and they want justice , " Francesci Maresca , attorney for the Kercher family , said . The Kercher family welcomed the retrial ruling , Maresca said in March , adding they believed the ruling that acquitted Knox and Sollecito was "  superficial and unbalanced . " They believe more than one person was in the room when Kercher was killed , he said . "  No one remembers Meredith , while the two defendants write books , speak to the media and earn money , " Maresca told the court in closing remarks last month . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Amanda Knox 's attorney says appeal is certain , too soon to talk of extradition Italian court finds Amanda Knox , ex-boyfriend guilty of murder in retrial Knox says the legal proceedings have gotten out of hand , are perverted Both were convicted previously of British student 's murder , later acquitted on appeal
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The sense of security that South Koreans had enjoyed for almost 60 years was shattered one year ago , when the North launched an attack on the civilian island of Yeonpyeong , killing two marines and two civilians . Grainy images from surveillance cameras that captured the moment when some 170 rounds of artillery pounded the island , causing villagers to run for their lives , were a stark reminder for many that the two Koreas still remain at war . With a sense of normalcy returning to the island as villagers return home , most South Koreans have bounced back from the incident -- which escalated tensions to their highest since the Korean War was halted in 1953 after an armistice treaty was signed . But have South Koreans forgotten about the threat ? Many remember the day of the attack . Park Yunee , 30 , was a student at the time and received a text message from her friend that read : "  Get your things together . It looks like war is going to break out . " "  I think for most people it was the moment when that sense of fear suddenly kicked in . Not thinking about living in a divided country and all of sudden , you 're thinking , war could actually happen , " says Park . What stunned many South Koreans was not only the fact that Pyongyang could direct its aggression upon civilians , but that they were unprepared . "  There was a lot of talk at the time about the power shift in North Korea and how Kim Jong-il had designated an heir . But in reality what really mattered was the fact that we were n't prepared at all for something that happened in that one moment , " says Park . The attack was a wake-up call for the South Korean government . It launched the largest civil defense drill in history shortly after the attack and urged people to be more proactive and aware of potential threats from Pyongyang . The island shelling had also come half a year after North Korea torpedoed a naval ship , the Cheonan , killing 46 sailors . Consequently , the past 12 months have seen relations between the two foes deteriorate . North Korean expert Yang Moo-jin calls the past year "  a power struggle " between the two Koreas . "  What South Koreans want is to not cave in and forgive North Korea for what it did last year , but they also understand in order to prevent such provocations from happening again , there needs to be a sense of dialog and negotiation , " Yang , a professor at the University of North Korean studies , says . Both North and South Korea have shown signs of concession -- Pyongyang has expressed willingness to engage with countries involved in multilateral talks aimed at North Korea 's denuclearization , while Seoul recently sent humanitarian aid through U.N. agencies to help the malnourished population in the North . However , if relations do n't improve on the peninsula soon , Seoul could potentially be looking at a prickly neighbor willing to use its long-range missiles next year , according to Yang . "  If the trust level between North and South Korea continue to be as low as it is , there is the possibility that Pyongyang will go for more sensitive and strategically important targets , " adds the professor . The threat of another attack like Yeonpyeong may unnerve many South Koreans , but some have already recovered the positive sentiment they had before the island attack occurred . "  I think most people believe something like that could never happen in Seoul . There seems to be this vague belief that questions the plausibility of such an act , " Seoul businessman Michael Cho says . "  No , I do n't think that could happen , is what the majority of people think , including myself , " he adds . "  It 's probably because we 've always co-existed with North Korea 's provocations that we do n't really perceive the threats from it , " says 40-year-old office worker Lee Chul-hee . "  It just does n't seem relevant to my life . "	The Yeonpyeong attack escalated Korean tensions to their highest since 1953 The island shelling came half a year after North Korea torpedoed a naval ship Many South Koreans were stunned that Pyongyang directed its aggression upon civilians
DALLAS , Texas  CNN  -- Police in Irving , Texas , captured a convicted burglar Wednesday who escaped from a medical facility last weekend by rappelling off the building using a string of bedsheets , a department spokeswoman said . Saturday night 's escape was the third for Joshua Duane Barnes , 21 , since June 2008 . Joshua Duane Barnes , 21 , escaped Saturday night from the Texas Department of Criminal Justice Hospital at Galveston . It was Barnes ' third escape from authorities since June 2008 . Each time , he was caught in four days . He will face felony escape charges , spokeswoman Michelle Lyons said . According to the Criminal Justice Department 's inspector general , about 9:30 a.m. Wednesday , police received a call about a suspicious person in a park , Lyons said . The man ran as police approached him , and police chased him . The man , later identified as Barnes , barricaded himself in an abandoned residence before surrendering to police without incident about 10 a.m. Barnes was to be taken to one of the department 's Huntsville-area prisons later in the day . When authorities realized Barnes was missing Saturday , they noticed a hole in the wall where a vent had been removed . Barnes also had broken through a thick window . Barnes was serving 35 years in prison for felony convictions including seven burglary charges , two escape charges and an aggravated assault charge in the Texas Panhandle area , according to a department statement . He began serving his sentence in January . He was housed at a prison in Midway , Texas , but authorities said he was taken to the medical facility in Galveston last week after being hurt in a fight . Barnes ' two other escapes took place in Potter County in the Texas Panhandle while he was under the control of local authorities . On June 6 , 2008 , he fled the county courthouse shortly after being asked to take the stand during a probation violation hearing . The second escape was on October 4 , 2008 , when Barnes fled the county jail recreational yard after hopping onto the corner of a roof and peeling back layers of sheet metal and galvanized fencing . In both cases , he was found four days later , hiding out at motels . CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	Convicted burglar escaped from Galveston medical facility Saturday Wednesday morning , Irving police receive call about suspicious person in a park Police chase escapee , who flees to abandoned house , then surrenders Escapee was moved to Galveston medical facility last week after a fight
At a time of heightened partisanship and tense relations between the White House and Congress , President Obama is set to give the constitutionally-mandated State of the Union address on Tuesday . Obama tells House Dems he wants ` big deal ' on debt Both Obama , GOP have laid out hard lines for tough talks ahead By the numbers , here 's a look at the presidential address to Congress : 223 - Number of State of the Union or "  annual messages " in U.S. history . President Barack Obama will deliver the 224th . 91 - "  In person " State of the Union speeches or annual presidential messages . Tuesday 's will be the 92nd . At least 1 - Member of the president 's cabinet who does n't attend , in order to preserve the line of succession . 12 - States in the Union when President George Washington gave the first State of the Union speech in January 1790 . 1 - Times Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer has missed the speech since he joined the court in 1994 . To go or not to go : Supreme Court at the State of the Union 3 - Years where Breyer was the only attendee from the Supreme Court : 2001 , 2003 and 2004 . 12 - Times President Franklin D. Roosevelt delivered a State of the Union address , the most of any president . Ten were in person , and two were in writing . 2 - Presidents who were unable to deliver a State of the Union or annual message speech : William Henry Harrison and James Garfield , who both died in office after 32 days and 199 days . 22 - Number of guests hosted by first lady Michelle Obama in 2012 . 2012 : Buffett 's secretary , young cancer survivor among guests 1 - Times the State of the Union or annual message has been postponed . President Ronald Reagan was scheduled to make his address on January 28 , 1986 , the day of the space shuttle Challenger explosion . It was postponed to February 4th . 7 - State of the Union or annual message speeches since 1966 where there was no official opposition party response . Most of the cases were when a president had just been inaugurated to his first term . Rubio to deliver GOP 's 2012 response Rubio : I 'm no savior 3 - Politicians since 1966 who gave the opposition 's response to a State of the Union speech or annual message who later became president : Gerald Ford , George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton . 89 minutes - Total running time of President Bill Clinton 's speech in 2000 . It contained 7,452 words . 3 - Countries identified by President George W. Bush in his 2002 State of the Union speech as the "  axis of evil " : Iran , Iraq and North Korea . 1 - Times Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito was seen mouthing the words "  not true " in response to President Obama 's 2010 State of the Union remarks about campaign finance .	At least 1 - Member of the president 's cabinet who does n't attend 1 - Times Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer has missed the speech since 1994 12 - Times FDR delivered a State of the Union address , the most of any president 22 - Number of guests hosted by first lady Michelle Obama in 2012
London  CNN  -- After three marathons , I really should know what to do by now . There is simply no substitute for plenty of training when running a marathon . But this Sunday I will be pounding the streets of my hometown Brighton , southern England , having done almost no preparation . So how will I fare ? Ideally a marathon runner should be doing 40 to 50 miles a week for at least three or four months before race day . The training is intensely boring , but it conditions every part of the body -- including the mind -- for the pummeling that 26.2 miles exerts on it . My knees , shins , Achilles and hamstrings hurt the most as the miles mount , and they can only get stronger and more resilient through practice . I used to dismiss as a myth the notion of the "  wall , " the pain barrier that marathon runners experience at about 20 miles . This happens when energy reserves are depleted , forcing the body to start burning fat . It can leave you feeling nauseous -- again , training helps to condition the body to running long distances . However , I hit the wall in both my last two races , and I 'm terrified it will happen again this Sunday . Before my previous well-prepared marathons I ran respectable times of about three hours and 30 minutes . This year though , just like the excuses I used to give for failing to do my homework at school , I simply have n't had time to do enough practice runs . The only real distances under my belt are the three miles that I walk each day from Victoria Station in London up to CNN 's bureau in Soho . An intense workload at both the office and home mean I rarely have time to spend the one or two hours on top of this that I should be doing . So in a desperate effort to get race-fit , I have been trying to pack about four months of training into just two or three weeks . But three demanding children and a house restoration project mean the only time I 've had to run is late at night . This means I 've been trudging along Brighton 's seafront , running the gauntlet of its colorful nightlife , such as night-clubbers , stag and hen nights and assorted other lost souls . I 've heard several other runners recently talking smugly about tapering down in the final stages of marathon preparation . I 'm still tapering up . Last night I ran 17 miles and felt shattered . I hope I feel better for this Sunday 's race . I do n't know if I 'll last the distance but I intend to find out . Follow my last-minute preparations here . Next week I 'll tell you how it went . A week later ... Well , it seems I was fitter than I feared ! After worrying that I had n't done nearly enough training for Sunday 's Brighton marathon , I finished in a creditable three hours and 35 minutes -- only a couple of minutes slower than last year 's time . Most of my longer runs were done in the fortnight before the race -- contradicting the usual advice that you train for three or four months , then ease off , or taper , in the last 10 days or so . Still , I must have been doing something right , as I felt reasonably comfortable for most of the race . It only really became an ordeal for the last two or three miles , when my legs and feet felt like concrete and my chest started to tighten . I was helped on my way -- as ever during a marathon -- by the thousands of spectators lining the route . Many of them handed me jelly baby sweets , which provided a welcome lift as I neared the finish . The weather was perfect for running : sunny but fresh , and I in fact enjoyed , yes enjoyed , the whole day . I felt pretty rough straight after the race , but better than last year when I was sick after I crossed the line . But I managed to keep walking -- always the best strategy , and walked the mile back to my home where I lay on the sofa all afternoon . I managed to hobble about the house , but I got my children to be my slaves for the day . I did n't sleep very well on Sunday night because my legs were tingling so much . On Monday I went to work in London and my legs were more stiff but not painful , but I managed to walk three miles . It was a bit of a struggle getting in and out of my chair but by Tuesday the stiffness had pretty much gone , and now I ca n't tell I ran 26 miles four days ago . I even ran the 1.5 miles from Victoria Station to the CNN bureau in Soho this morning in 15 minutes . I can only conclude that the exercise I take during the rest of the year is sufficient to keep me fit enough to run a marathon . Who knows : maybe training is all a myth ! It certainly saved me a lot of time -- I always find the worst thing about preparing for a marathon is the monotony of running mile after boring mile for months beforehand So I would implore anyone considering a marathon to get out and give it a go : it 's really not as hard as you might think . Sure , 26.2 miles  42 kilometers  is a long way , but as long as you have a decent level of fitness , you 'll be able to run a fairly fast marathon . You never know , you might even enjoy it !	Peter Wilkinson is CNN 's Senior Digital Producer He is a veteran of the London and Brighton marathons The marathon covers a distance of 26.2 miles  42km
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Gangs of young men armed with machetes are roaming the streets in Kenya as post-election violence threatens to engulf the country . Horrific attacks are being reported , including the torching of a church where people who had sought refuge were burned alive . At least 148 people have been killed and about 75,000 have fled their homes since President Mwai Kibaki won a narrow victory , according to Kenyan government officials . The Associated Press reported a higher number -- about 275 -- have died since Saturday . Much of the violence is between supporters of Kibaki from the majority Kikuyu tribe and backers of opposition leader Raila Odinga , who is from the Luo tribe . The ethnic violence , previously rare in Kenya , is reminiscent of the strife that led to the Rwanda genocide . In a particularly disturbing incident , a mob appears to have burned a church filled with Kenyans seeking refuge from the violence . The Red Cross told The Associated Press that at least 50 were burned to death at the church , some of them children . As many as 200 people were at the church , about 185 miles northwest of Nairobi , KTN reporter Tony Biwott told CNN . Watch as machete-wielding looters haul away goods " Biwott said he counted at least 15 charred bodies , including children , in the burned church and an adjacent field . "  I 'm sure there were more than 15 but I could n't count the ones who were ashes , " he said in a phone interview . The wounded sustained gunshot wounds , burns and cuts from a panga , a machete-like weapon , the Red Cross said . Watch smoke darken skies near a burned church The national police commissioner has said in Kenyan society , churches are considered sacred and no one would expect such violence there . He said an investigation into the incident is under way . About 120 people are reported dead and over 1,000 injured countrywide , according to The Red Cross . Police and political backers of opposition leader Raila Odinga began clashing about four days ago as Odinga , of the Luo tribe , narrowly lost Kenya 's presidential election to Mwai Kibaki . Kibaki is a member of Kikuyu , Kenya 's largest tribe . Violence broke out in several cities as frustration mounted during the slow hand-count of the ballots . Kibaki was re-elected with 51.3 percent of the vote , to 48.7 percent for Odinga . "  What we now witness is a cold and calculated plan to organize and engage in massacres , " government spokesman Alfred Mutua said . Bringing in the New Year , Kibaki -- who rarely speaks to the press -- urged calm to the nation . "  It now is a time for healing and reconciliation amongst all Kenyans , " he said . Foreign Minister Raphael Tuju said the government is committed to taking control . "  If the tear gas does n't work then unfortunately they have to use live bullets , " he told CNN . "  The president has been sworn in , the elections are over , the Kenyans have to accept the results , the opposition has to accept the results . " Tuesday , international observers said the balloting fell short of international standards for democratic elections . Alexander Lambsdorff , the head of the EU Election Observation Mission in Kenya , cited discrepancies in vote counts , election observers being turned away from polling places and observers being refused entrance to the electoral commission vote-counting room . The violence also has displaced some 75,000 Kenyans inside the country , Mutua said . The government said Tuesday it will not allow any political rallies in the aftermath of the controversial election outcome . Odinga 's opposition Orange Democratic Movement had scheduled rallies for Tuesday , raising fears of more violence . Mutua said there was no intention to impose a state of emergency or curfew at this point , and said police are handling the violence well and with "  extreme restraint . " However , he warned that police restraint would not last forever . The violence is rare for Kenya , which has enjoyed relative calm even as war and chronic political violence wracked neighboring countries , such as Ethiopia , Sudan and Uganda . The United States has withheld congratulations for Kibaki , citing concerns of voting problems , even though Kibaki has claimed victory . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Red Cross : 120 people have been reported dead , 1,000 injured International observers have called into question Kenyan election results Witnesses : Mob set fire to church and burned people to death The vote was marred by allegations of vote-rigging by both of the main parties
The FBI on Monday unveiled a videotaped message from the actor who played the infamous fictional insider trader Gordon Gekko to help bolster a wide-ranging attack on financial crimes . At an FBI headquarters briefing on the stepped-up fight against financial misdealings , the bureau proudly showed a 30-second public service announcement featuring actor Michael Douglas . His character in the 1987 film "  Wall Street , " Gordon Gekko , proclaimed that "  greed , for lack of a better word , is good . " But in a new message to help the FBI , Douglas says , "  The movie is fiction , but the problem is real . " Douglas asks viewers who suspect financial crime to contact the FBI . A new report issued Monday by the FBI shows that in the last fiscal year , FBI investigations led to 242 indictments and 241 convictions of corporate criminals . The FBI says it secured $ 2.4 billion in restitution from corporate criminals . The FBI says it has increased convictions of securities and commodities fraud , health care fraud , mortgage fraud , insurance fraud , and money laundering . Kevin Perkins , the FBI 's assistant director of the criminal investigative division , says the FBI has hired 250 new forensic accountants who are all focused on major cases . Some of them are involved with investigations of 2,600 mortgage cases . Attorney General Eric Holder traveled to New York on Thursday to deliver the message that the Justice Department is committed to rooting out corporate crime . "  From securities , bank and investment , to mortgage , consumer and health-care fraud , we 've found that these schemes are as diverse as the imaginations of those who perpetrate them , and as sophisticated as modern technology will permit , " Holder said . Holder has emphasized the effort to combat health-care fraud schemes . In the past fiscal year more than 1,400 people were charged with fraud in 500 cases . The government has recovered more than $ 4 billion in health-care fraud schemes .	Michael Douglas appears in a 30-second PSA to help the FBI Alluding to the movie "  Wall Street , " he calls financial crimes a real problem FBI reports 241 convictions , $ 2.4 billion in restitution in financial crimes FBI official : 250 new forensic accountants are focused on major cases
CNN Student News  -- September 14 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • California and Colorado • Cuba • Vancouver , British Columbia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : From Cuba and Canada to Hong Kong , we are bringing you headlines from around the world . I 'm Carl Azuz . CNN Student News starts right this second ! First Up : Congress Returns AZUZ : First up : Congress is back in session . Members of the Senate and U.S. House of Representatives have about a month to work on legislation , because we 're coming up on the midterm elections . Now , we 've got a quick reminder for you on those . Voters will cast ballots for all 435 members of the House of Representatives , plus , around a third of the seats in the Senate . Primary elections have been running for months . There are more than a half-dozen of those today . The general election is on November 2nd . Congressmen and women are looking at all sorts of issues , from the economy to food safety and military policies . But some analysts do n't think much is gon na happen on any subject , because they think members of Congress do n't want to get into controversial debates before the big election . One issue that Congress probably will get into , though , is a set of tax cuts . These were passed under former President George W. Bush . They 'll expire if Congress does n't vote to extend them , meaning taxes would go up . The big debate here is what to do about the tax cuts for America 's wealthiest citizens , people who earn more than $ 250,000 a year . President Obama and most Democrats do n't want to continue those cuts . They say America ca n't afford it , because the government needs the revenue that it would make from the taxes . Most Republicans -- and several Democrats -- do want to extend the tax cuts , though , even if it 's just temporarily . They argue that the government should n't raise anyone 's taxes while the economy is in rough shape . Taxes were on the minds of some Tea Party members over the weekend . They got together for a rally at the U.S. Capitol building and to protest against what they see as out-of-control government spending and too many taxes by the U.S. government . The name of the rally -- "  Remember in November " -- was a reference to the upcoming midterm elections . Wildfires AZUZ : Firefighters are battling a pair of blazes in the West . This one you see right now is in Colorado , near the city of Loveland . It started Sunday and spread fast . No reports of any injuries as of yesterday afternoon . Investigators are looking into what started the fire . A local official said he hopes to get a handle on the situation "  very quickly , " though he added that "  very quickly " probably means a few days . The other wildfire is out in Southern California . This one broke out on Sunday , too . More than 300 firefighters and emergency personnel are working to get it under control . But the weather is going to play a part in that . If the winds kick up , they can spread the flames . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Cuba is a communist country . True ! This means that Cuba 's government controls the country 's economy . Cuba 's Economy AZUZ : We 're talking everything from factories and gas stations , to plumbers and ice cream shops . Like a lot of countries , Cuba 's economy is struggling , and the government is planning to lay off at least half a million workers over the next six months . The nation 's president says that some of those people could find work through private companies , ones that are n't run by the government . Cuba plans to allow more private businesses . Some people think this might be a good thing , because they 'd be able to set their own prices or salaries . But , since Cuba controls 90 percent of the country 's economy , finding new jobs could be tough . Fruits and Veggies AZUZ : It 's time for your "  no kidding " headline of the day : Americans are n't eating enough fruits and vegetables . That 's according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the CDC . Now , this is interesting : The percentage of American adults who eat enough fruit has actually decreased in the past decade ! In 2009 , around 32 percent of adults ate fruit at least twice a day . In 2000 , it was 34 percent . The government wants that number at 75 percent ! For vegetables : About a quarter of American adults ate vegetables at least three times a day . No real change from 2000 . The government wants that number at 50 percent . So , why are n't we eating enough ? The CDC thinks there are two big reasons : One , it 's not as easy for everyone to get fresh fruits and veggies . Two , they 're not as cheap as other foods . Illusion of Safety AZUZ : Here 's a question for you to chew over : If you were driving near a school and a young girl ran into the street , what would you do ? A YouTube video might help out with the answer . There 's the street . There 's the girl . And that 's what this whole thing is designed to prevent . It 's not a real kid . It 's a 3D illusion . The group that 's behind it says the point is to get drivers to slow down in school zones . They put it out on the first day of school in Vancouver , Canada . Some critics are worried that the image could cause accidents if scared drivers swerve or slam on the brakes . This Day in History ON-SCREEN GRAPHIC September 14 , 1901 -- President William McKinley dies of an infection 8 days after being shot September 14 , 1984 -- Joseph Kittinger begins first successful solo flight across the Atlantic by balloon September 14 , 1994 -- The Major League Baseball season is officially canceled after a players ' strike Job Seekers Look Overseas AZUZ : Earlier today , we talked about how Cuba 's economy is struggling . It 's not the only one , as all of you know . The U.S. economy , still trying to make its way out of the recession . One of the effects of a down economy is that it can be harder for people to find jobs . Well , harder to find them in America . Pauline Chiou looks at why some Americans are seeking opportunities overseas . BEGIN VIDEO ROXANNA BLANCO , AMERICAN : How do we say it ? Picture . Good ! PAULINE CHIOU , CNN CORRESPONDENT , SEOUL : Roxanna Blanco considers herself lucky to have this job as an English language tutor . Even with a degree in international business and marketing , the American could not find a job for an entire year . Finally , she told her mother she was going to take a bold step . BLANCO : I think I just want to move to China . I think I 'm going to go to China . She said , "  Are you crazy ? You 're gon na go to China ? " "  Yeah , China . That 's where I 'm going to go . " CHIOU : Roxanna says she sensed the opportunities were in Asia . So last year , she applied online for English teaching jobs in China and got three offers . Roxanna 's pull towards Asia is not unusual these days . Hays Recruitment firm says its Asia office has handled a 30 % increase in job applicants over the past six months . Most job seekers are from the U.S. , UK and Australia . EMMA CHARNOCK , HAYS RECRUITMENT : There 's a feeling of frustration that they wanted to kickstart their careers again . They 've had a tough 18 months , and simply , the general attitude is they 've had enough . CHIOU : Emma Charnock says banks are hiring again and casting a wide net for top talent . But are the salaries the same ? CHARNOCK : Good question . We 've certainly seen at least a 15 % increase on base salaries . CHIOU : While the bulk of the jobs here in Hong Kong are in banking , finance and law , on the mainland , a lot of sectors are hiring . China needs industrial engineers for its high speed rail , also urban planners and architects for stimulus projects . On the mainland , recruiters report an upswing in overseas Chinese returning for jobs . Charnock says she 's also noticed an interesting spike in demand for math and science teachers at international schools on the mainland , perhaps as a result of more ex-pats moving to cities like Beijing and Shanghai . Some schools are even offering relocation and housing allowances to attract teachers . BLANCO : Do you wear rainboots ? CHIOU : Back in Hong Kong , Roxanna plans to eventually return home to California . But with the U.S. unemployment rate at 9.6 % , she 's not rushing to buy her plane ticket . BLANCO : Actually , I 'm very nervous to go back . We 're talking about going back in a year or so , and I still do n't know if I 'll find work . CHIOU : Until then , it 's a waiting game until the time is right . BLANCO : Not "  u , " not "  o. " "  E. " Good job . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : We the people of the United States will celebrate Constitution Day this Friday ! It is the 223rd birthday of our country . And to help celebrate , we 're offering you teachers free Constitution Day materials . We 've got your back ! They 'll be up later this week on our website , CNNStudentNews.com . Before We Go AZUZ : You 've already had your fruits and veggies . Now , it 's time for dessert . Hope you saved some room , 'cause this confectionary creation could fill a lot of stomachs . It 's the world 's biggest chocolate bar . Sweet ! This thing weighs in at nearly four and a half tons . That 's around 9,000 pounds of championship chocolate . It was manufactured in Armenia , but the beans for the chocolate came from Ghana . So , the bakers had to blend everything together ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... Into a cocoa-phony of flavor . Some people chocolate of our puns up to bad taste . We think they 're the best , bar none . Quick heads up for you . President Obama is scheduled to give a back-to-school speech today around 1 p.m. . You can check that out and we 'll have more info about it in tomorrow 's show . That 's all for today . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Find out why a set of tax cuts is at the top of the congressional agenda Chew over a report on a decline in healthy eating habits Consider why some Americans are seeking employment opportunities overseas Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Jonathan Martin , who left the Miami Dolphins in October and accused teammates of violently harassing him , will not return to the field this season . The National Football League team Saturday said Martin had been placed on the "  reserve/non-football illness " list , making him ineligible to return until next season . Martin 's attorney has said Martin , a tackle , was taunted and abused by teammates , one of whom physically attacked him . The Dolphins suspended lineman Richie Incognito , who has acknowledged using the "  n-word " and violent language in messages to Martin . Incognito has said Martin is his friend . He said coarse language is a part of the locker room culture . He is appealing his suspension . Richie Incognito : Vulgar text to Martin came from ' a place of love ' CNN Sports ' Christ Khodadadi contributed to this report .	Dolphins place Jonathan Martin on reserve list Martin said he was abused by teammates Suspended Richie Incognito admits using n-word but says Martin is his friend Incognito is appealing suspension
CNN Student News  -- December 14 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day How might loud commercials affect TV viewers ' reactions to products being advertised ? Do you think that restrictions on commercials ' volume will affect viewers and businesses ? Explain . * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Johnny Manziel is the first college freshman to win what award ? * * 2 . Which Asian country controversially launched a satellite into orbit on Wednesday ? * * 3 . Who once said , "  If you want to say that I was a drum major , say that I was a drum major for justice ... " ? * * 4 . What U.S. state became the most recent to pass a right-to-work law ? * * 5 . What professional soccer player holds the world record for most goals in a year ? * * 6 . In which country would you find the city of Aleppo , part of which is a U.N. World Heritage Site ? * * 7 . What professional sports league 's games have been canceled through the end of the year ? * * 8 . Who once said , "  I can do more than stuff a ball through a hoop . My greatest asset is my mind " ? * * 9 . Thousands of what kind of animal have washed up recently on parts of California 's coast ? * * 10 . What 's the largest terrestrial  rocky  planet in our solar system ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- President Obama built his push for a sweeping overhaul of the health care system on the premise that reform is essential for economic recovery . President Obama has said overhauling health care is a key part of economic recovery . But with some economists saying the recession shows signs of ending , will that weaken Obama 's argument ? "  If the economy is picking up , then more people are going to get jobs and more people are going to have health insurance , and so they are going to be less concerned with health care reform because they will figure , ` I 'm taken care of , ' " said Michael Cannon , director of health policy studies at the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank . But Julian Epstein , a Democratic strategist , said a recovering economy will help Obama 's push for health care legislation because "  it will be a huge shot in the arm for Obama 's political capital . " "  It lessens people 's anxieties that are being stirred up by the opponents of health care reform . It gives credibility to the argument that government has an appropriate role to play in solving the nation 's problems , " Epstein said . Obama ran on a campaign to fix the health care system , and since taking office , the president repeatedly has tried to show how this overhaul fits into his broader economic strategy . In a speech in June before the American Medical Association , Obama warned that inaction could have dire consequences . "  Make no mistake : The cost of our health care is a threat to our economy . It is an escalating burden on our families and businesses . It is a ticking time bomb for the federal budget . And it is unsustainable for the United States of America , " he said . While the president has said health care is his top domestic priority this year , the public seems to disagree . Eighty-three percent of people are satisfied with their current health care , and 74 percent are satisfied with their health insurance , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released last week . "  Health care reform has not been the top priority for voters . No. 1 is jobs . No. 2 is the deficit and government spending . Health care is third , " said Bill Schneider , CNN 's senior political analyst . But Diana Owen , an associate professor of political science and director of American studies at Georgetown University , said the public is n't as concerned about the economics-driven case to overhaul health care . "  I personally think that the vast majority of the public does n't get that connection between the economy and health care . I think they 're seeing it more as a personal issue -- something that could affect them , their families , their friends , " she said , noting that because people have an emotional involvement in the debate , the public is not likely to let it drop . That personal anxiety has manifested itself at town hall meetings across the country , where , angry protesters and other citizens have showed up to voice their doubts to their lawmakers . Voters have asked their lawmakers what reform means for them -- and how they can be assured that Obama 's proposals are good ideas . The August congressional recess , however , could end up being a blessing in disguise for Democrats , Epstein said . "  It may persuade enough of them that they do need to be more moderate and incremental in the approach , and they may actually come up with a package that is even more popular than what would have otherwise been , had they tried to get the bill through before August , " he said . If the economy recovers , plenty of Republicans and even a few Democrats will remind voters that Obama was wrong about the importance of reform to economic recovery , Schneider said . "  What will Obama say ? That the recovery can not be sustained over the long term without health care reform . " Obama sent a similar message in his radio address last weekend , citing the slightly better than expected job numbers as "  a sign that we 've begun to put the brakes on this recession and that the worst may be behind us . " "  But we must do more than rescue our economy from this immediate crisis ; we must rebuild it stronger than before . We must lay a new foundation for future growth and prosperity , and a key pillar of a new foundation is health insurance reform -- reform that we are now closer to achieving than ever before , " he said . But even if the effort does take on a lower profile , it could still have real consequences for Democrats , as it did 15 years ago , Schneider said . President Clinton 's push to overhaul health care failed , and the issue faded from the agenda as the economy recovered , but the ramifications were felt in the next election cycle . "  Clinton had to scale back his agenda . His big ideas for health care reform turned into protecting ` the safety net . ' And , of course , the Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994 for the first time in 40 years , and it took them another 12 years to get it back , " Schneider said .	President Obama says health care overhaul , economic recovery go hand in hand Economists point to some signs economy is recovering Better economy may ease push to overhaul health care , some observers say Health care failed under President Clinton in '90s , took back burner on the agenda
CNN  -- As CEO of public relations agency Ruder Finn , Kathy Bloomgarden has spent much of her career shaping the corporate reputations of big name clients like L'Oreal , Microsoft , PepsiCo and Visa . With 30 years of experience in the field , she was first introduced to the world of communications by her father , David Finn , the co-founder of the firm . Bloomgarden does n't just serve the public relations needs for over 250 corporations , governments and non-profits . She 's also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and has written a book entitled , ` Trust : The Secret Weapon of Effective Business Leaders ' . She opens up to CNN about her ascent to CEO and how she led Ruder Finn to become one of the world 's largest privately-owned communications agencies . CNN : You speak about five languages and you 've got three degrees . Where did you think that was going to take you in that time in your life ? Kathy Bloomgarden : Well , I was always fascinated by languages and I wanted to be a global person . So I was fortunate enough to start learning French from even before school -- I began nursery school even ... And that sent me on a journey for thinking about how I could really understand different societies and cultures and really be able to communicate with people and live locally in many different settings . CNN : Your father founded the company back in 1948 when the PR industry was in its infancy . He was something of a formidable thinker and a bit of a Renaissance man . Were you aware of his reputation growing up ? KB : Absolutely . I was fortunate enough to be able to go around with him . And he worked for wonderful institutions , including the UN for many years -- so I met many of the Secretary Generals as a child . He worked for the Vatican , so I had a chance to meet the Pope and to attend mass at Christmas Eve . It was a very exciting , really inspiring time as I grew up serving as an interpreter in some of these countries when he was traveling . CNN : How hard is it to break out from the mold of being viewed as the boss ' daughter ? KB : You ca n't talk your way out of that one . You have to really deliver results . The more you can develop an exciting business and really do things that become a hallmark for the firm , that 's when you gain your recognition . CNN : Looking back on your career , was there any particular "  Aha " moment , when you realized , "  I 've made it " ? KB : I never would think that I 've made it ... As a typical American who came from an immigrant family , there 's still something of that in my DNA . Everything could change tomorrow . So never think that you 've made it . Always think , "  What am I going to do tomorrow to make sure that I 'm still staying in a strong position ? CNN : Do you ever get asked , "  How did you get here as a woman ? " KB : I always ask myself this question , maybe because I 'm in the field of public relations . But people have n't -- I 've never felt held back , in terms of my gender . But I always felt that I 've had to work extra hard . So maybe that 's why I did n't face that problem or challenge . CNN : The world of public relations is actually pretty female heavy already , is n't it ? What are your thoughts on that ? KB : I think there can be a reverse bias that sets in . I try to encourage men and women to come into communications ... We might see more men coming into the PR firm because the remuneration is good ... I think diversity both ways is a good thing . CNN : If you met somebody who had the same aspirations as you did when you first started out , what would your advice be to them ? KB : Believe you can do anything you want to do is really the key for me . And do n't be afraid . Take risks . Be really bold in your thinking . Close your eyes and dream about what you want to achieve and then just go and do it . Lauren Said-Moorhouse contributed to this piece .	With over 25 years experience , Kathy Bloomgarden is the CEO of global PR firm , Ruder Finn With an affinity for languages as a child , she served as interpreter for her father on business trips She reveals how she continues to build on Ruder Finn 's success since CEO appointment
CNN  -- A 59-year-old man lay bloody on the driveway . His son stood nearby , both his hands cut off at the wrist . That 's the gruesome scene Shasta County , California , sheriff 's deputies encountered Monday afternoon , before calling ambulances to transport the two to area hospitals . A full day later , both Gregory Dunn and his son Jason are still alive despite their life-threatening injuries , said sheriff 's office Detective Will Gardner . No charges had been filed in the case as of Tuesday afternoon . The incident is being investigated as an attempted homicide , police said . The bloody scene played out Monday in the northern California city of Redding , in a neighborhood close to a municipal airport in that city . According to police , what began as a verbal fight between family members at some point became physical . Based on interviews , the sheriff 's office alleged that the 27-year-old son stabbed his father multiple times with scissors . Then , the sheriff 's office said a press release , Jason Dunn mutilated himself by using a radial-arm saw to sever his hands . Neighbors heard the altercation , as did an unnamed witness who contacted authorities , according to Gardner . Gary Rinehart told CNN affiliate KRCR that he saw both men being wheeled from the scene into separate ambulances . The first , the son , had "  a lot of blood at the end of his arms , like his hands were n't there . " The second , the father , had "  blood in the upper area . " "  This is definitely the craziest thing that 's ever happened on this street , " Rinehart said . The father would walk his dog around the neighborhood , according to Rinehart , who described him as a "  nice guy " based on their occasional conversations . The neighbor said he 'd only met the son once in eight years living there , when Jason Dunn apologized for shooting a pellet gun toward another neighbor 's house . Reflecting Tuesday on the bloody incident that occurred across the street from his home , Rinehart said , "  I just ca n't imagine anything like that happening between family . "	A northern California sheriff 's office says a son stabbed his father with scissors The son , 27 , then cut off his hands with a radial-arm saw , authorities say Both father and son had life-threatening injuries but were still alive the next day "  I just ca n't imagine anything like that happening between family , " a neighbor says
The historic six-month agreement over Tehran 's nuclear program may begin a new era of relations with Iran , but it will be a long road back for the country 's most vital sector , oil . Iran produces about two and half million barrels a day -- far off its 4-million-barrel-per-day peak a decade ago . Output is hovering at a level last seen at the end of Iran 's war with Iraq . With North Sea Brent crude averaging over $ 100 a barrel for a record three years running , the sanctions on energy alone are costing Tehran about $ 50 billion in lost annual revenue . Despite the deal breakthrough , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said most of the sanctions will stick as the world gauges the intentions of this relatively new administration in Tehran . "  During the six month phase , the oil sanctions that will remain in place will continue to cause over $ 25 billion in lost revenues to Iran or over $ 4 billion a month , " he said . The message is clear : the pressure remains , but if all goes well , in a half year 's time Iran can expect more in return for transparency . The last few years have been filled with uncertainty . Tensions around the Strait of Hormuz with the on-and-off threats by the previous government of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to block oil shipments in the Gulf have kept what strategists call a 10-15 % risk premium on global energy prices . Iran sits on about 9 % of the world 's proven oil reserves , claiming a few years back that it has nearly 150 billion barrels and the world 's largest gas field . But its top four customers -- China , India , Japan and South Korea -- have all had to cut back their energy imports by a third or more in the past few years due to U.S. and European pressure . With every year that has passed , the screws have been tightened by Washington and the countries of the European Union . It was not only sanctions against oil , but also blocking Iran 's ability to secure shipping insurance and to trade in U.S. dollars and euros . That economic isolation , many Middle East strategists I have spoken with suggest , is what brought Iran 's new government to the negotiating table . In 2012 , the Iranian rial plunged by up to 80 % . Basic staples of life , poultry and bread skyrocketed in price and the economy went through a period of hyper-inflation . With rising import prices due to a plummeting currency , industrial Iran is no longer able to compete . There are reports that the state manufacturing sector had laid off up to 800,000 workers in 2012 and those who have kept their jobs saw their wages eroded by skyrocketing prices . Oil executives with experience in the country say this initial agreement would help lift a cloud of uncertainty over the oil market , but that President Hassan Rouhani and his cabinet have to establish much better contract terms if this honeymoon period lifts sanctions . The blunt-speaking Chief Executive of French energy group Total , Christophe de Margerie , told me at an energy conference in Abu Dhabi this month that Iran needs to try and create a better climate for investment if this weekend 's breakthrough is sustained . "  I can tell you with the experience we have from Iran it does n't always bring as we say in French partie de plaisir ... a win-win . " Oil giant Saudi Arabia has expressed doubts about signing a deal with Tehran , which will introduce more challenges within OPEC . Iraq plans to double production by 2020 to six million barrels a day and with Iran wanting to rebuild exports , the Kingdom may have trim its own production to defend prices . It is still early days , but this country of nearly 80 million people has been described as potentially being the Germany of the Middle East with plenty of natural resources -- that is , if it can emerge from years of economic isolation .	Oil sanctions on Iran remain in place for the next six months despite historic deal Iran produces about two and half million barrels a day - far lower than a decade ago Sanctions on energy alone are costing Tehran about $ 50 billion in lost annual revenue Iran sits on about 9 % of the world 's proven oil reserves and claims the largest gas field
CNN  -- Re-elected U.S. President Barack Obama must do more to engage with "  frustrated " big business in his second term , according to Martin Sorrell , chief executive of the world 's largest advertising agency . The boss of WPP -- a multinational marketing and public relations company -- told CNN : "  As a foreign observer , I ca n't recall any male or female CEO saying they wanted Obama to win . Very few did . Read more : Five things Obama must do "  Business is looking for closer engagement with the administration , " he added . Sorrell also said that corporates will be watching closely how the Democrat president handles the country 's looming fiscal cliff . U.S. lawmakers face $ 7 trillion worth of cuts to spending and tax increases over a decade , which could significantly impact on the U.S. economy and its credit rating . "  The key issue is the fiscal cliff , as close as January 1 ... We have to wait until the inauguration , until the administration is put into place . " The presidential election in the U.S. and the economic slowdown in China has created a cocktail of uncertainty , according to Sorrell . Read more : U.S. fiscal cliff risks dragging global economy into darkness This , along with instability in the Middle East and a struggling eurozone , added to an already nervous corporate sector . Sorrell said : "  We 've seen considerable uncertainty , particularly in the third-quarter , many companies-missing their top line forecasts if not their bottom-line forecasts . " There was a "  quantum change " in clients ' attitudes toward discretionary spending in the third quarter of the year , he added . But the British CEO -- who formerly worked for the Saatchi brothers -- sees investors becoming more "  bullish " over the prospects for the U.S. in the long-term . Sorrell noted there were also "  two big positives for the U.S. over the next 20 years . " There were self-sufficiency in oil and gas and the competitive position in manufacturing , he said . CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report	The U.S. fiscal cliff should be the priority for President Obama in his second term , Sorrell says Sorrell sees investors becoming more "  bullish " over the prospects for the U.S. over long-term
CNN  -- They learned as children that the world is a scary place where strangers with hatred in their hearts steer planes into buildings , grown-ups cry for days and everything can change in an instant . They grew up with color-coded terror alerts and long lines at airport metal detectors . They saw the economy sputter . And still , the bad guys appeared to get away with it . Osama bin Laden was their bogeyman , the monster under the bed . Now the 9/11 generation has come of age . Children who were 8 , 9 or 10 when the World Trade Center towers fell and the Pentagon burned are in college . So when the news came that bin Laden was dead , it was young people across the country -- from the campuses of Penn State to American University to Vanderbilt to Stanford -- - who filled the streets with a chorus of cheers , honking horns and fireworks that lasted well into the wee hours of Monday morning . Check out iReport 's Open Story for world reaction For the 9/11 generation - -- the label experts give to a subgroup of the millennial generation or generation Net -- it was a celebration of America 's renewed strength under a president they helped elect . To them , bin Laden was n't so much a person as an embodiment of all things scary and evil , said Dr. Patricia Somers , an education professor who has studied college students affected by 9/11 . "  They were celebrating a symbol , " she told CNN over the phone from her office at the University of Texas in Austin . The 9/11 generation , Somers said , actually is made up of two subgroups -- children who were in high school or college when the terror attacks occurred , and those who were in elementary school . The experience for the older children was less filtered ; many watched live television reports of the attacks in their living rooms and classrooms . The elementary school children were more sheltered , a conscious decision by parents and educators to spare them from trauma . They experienced 9/11 in later installments , through memorials and anniversaries . The older group can remember a safe "  before , " Somers said . The younger ones , 10 years later , may not even recall a time when there was not a war on terror . Members of the 9/11 generation seem to have more in common with their grandparents than their parents ; both experienced attacks from outsiders with a clearly identifiable evil frontman - -- Adolf Hitler during World War II and bin Laden during 9/11 . Students who grew up near New York City feel the effects of 9/11 more deeply than others , no matter their age at the time . They are more likely to know someone who died that day . The attacks are part of the region 's shared experience . At Rutgers University , 30 miles from New York , students in the communications department are compiling a narrative of the experiences of children who lost a parent at the World Trade Center . For many , it means profiling people from their hometowns in New Jersey . Those experiences appear to have shaped their reactions to bin Laden 's death . When the news broke , Rutgers junior Megan Schuster immediately thought of the Hargrave sisters -- Corinne , Casey and Amy -- whom she interviewed for the 9/11 Project . The girls ' father , T.J. , a former soap star and executive at Cantor Fitzgerald , died as the twin towers fell . Read Megan Schuster 's essay Schuster was troubled by the exuberant reaction to bin Laden 's death . "  I do n't like the concept of ` celebrating ' death , " she said . "  Killing bin Laden does not bring back the lives of all those lost on 9/11 . I think it teaches the encouragement of death . But death is not the answer . " Senior Travis Fedschun was glued to the television for updates . He said he did n't feel like celebrating , even if capturing bin Laden seemed to be the first thing that had gone right for the United States in a long time . His thoughts turned to the teenager he interviewed for the Rutgers project , Kaila Starita , who lost her father , Anthony . He worked at Cantor Fitzgerald . "  Families do n't use the word closure . What 's this going to do ? It 's not closure , " Fedschun said . "  It was something we could check off our to-do list . I did n't think it would be appropriate to go out and parade around . " Read what Travis Fedschun has to say Added a fellow student working on the project , senior David Seamon : "  It 's not for us to say whether or not bin Laden 's death will help a fatherless teenager sleep better at night . " Seamon interviewed a brother and sister from Colonia , New Jersey , and he is still rewriting their story . Read David Seamon 's comments Jennifer Lilonsky is 24 , at least a couple years older than the other students working on the project , and knows her perspective is darker because she was "  less sheltered " from the horror . "  The truth is that it will never end . That is the goal of terrorism , " she said . "  This is not justice . There will never be justice . ... Even the end of his life alone brings fear . " Read Jennifer Lilonsky 's insights Experts who have studied the 9/11 generation say its members are more patriotic , more politically aware , more socially conscious and more plugged in than previous generations . So yes , American flags were waved , not burned , on campuses Sunday night . Chants of "  U-S-A ! U-S-A ! " thundered as if killing a terrorist was an Olympic event . "  We were young at the time of the September 11 attacks , so we have grown up with this constantly in our minds , " Chris McDonald , a student at Vanderbilt , told CNN 's iReport . "  To see justice delivered after such a long , hard wait is a feeling of unspeakable happiness . " Noah Gray , an American University student who joined the celebrants in front of the White House , said a friend summed up how his generation feels in a tweet on Sunday night : "  Osama was the first person I was ever taught to hate . I waited 10 years , but now it 's done . Unreal . " But not everyone of that generation felt unbridled joy . Betsy Mitchell , a 19-year-old student at East Carolina University , said she was ridiculed on Facebook for tempering her glee . "  Celebrate our military , celebrate America for standing tall , do n't celebrate the fall , " she said . "  I did not like it when the terrorists celebrated killing Americans , I do n't like it when we do the same thing . Yes , bin Laden needed to die , but he is still a human being . " Ohio State University student Robert Peterson told iReport that he had second thoughts as "  people ran through the streets , blowing noisemakers and shouting in happiness " but he did n't judge the revelers . "  I do not feel it is right to celebrate the death of a person , but what we are seeing here is the demise of terrorism . Thus , I am not so much enamored for the death of bin Laden as I am for progression toward a safer , less violent world . " Belief blog : Partying made me cringe Belief blog : Making no apologies Somers , the University of Texas education professor , led a widely quoted study of 9/11 's impact on college students . She said bin Laden 's death represents "  the end of an era " for them . "  But there will still be terrorism , and there will still be terrorist attacks . Everybody was celebrating Sunday night , but then a sobering realization comes to them . It 's been 10 years , and it was a rough 10 years , " she said . Somers based her study on what is known as Terror Management Theory . People who face their own mortality after acts of terrorism respond by seeking meaning and purpose in their lives , she explained . After 9/11 , most Americans reacted with shock , disbelief , a need to huddle with friends and family and retreat from gatherings of large groups . Some bought guns or stocked up on duct tape and canned goods . Others searched for information . But among college students , Somers witnessed more lasting reactions . As the initial shock wore off , many students became intensely patriotic . Then , some questioned their patriotism , asking , "  Do we have to accept everything the government does ? " They grew interested in politics . Giving blood after the attacks fed a growing civic-mindedness , and they volunteered for charitable groups . Some even changed majors or signed up for military duty . "  Right after 9/11 , we had the new normal , " Somers said . "  Maybe this is the newest normal . "	College campuses erupted in celebration at news of Osama bin Laden 's death Students were 8 to 12 at the time of the 9/11 terror attacks Some believed strongly that they should not be celebrating a death Terrorism affected their lives like no other American generation in history
CNN  -- A North Dakota freshman walked in front of his class , made an apology and then shot himself with a handgun Thursday morning , Richland County authorities said . The injured boy was coherent when he was taken to a hospital , said Principal Jay Townsend of Fairmount Public School , which has 112 students from kindergarten through 12th grade . Authorities do n't know what the apology was about , Sheriff Larry Leshovsky said . The student was n't in any kind of trouble that the principal was aware of . The freshman , whose name was n't being released , has lived in the small , rural community of 380 residents his entire life and has spent all educational years at Fairmount School , Mayor Jon Nelk said . The student was transferred to a hospital in Fargo , but the mayor had no further details . The student 's grandparents grew up in the Fairmount area and his parents have lived in town their entire lives , Nelk said . "  As far as I know , he 's a well-behaved , good kid , " the mayor said . "  We 're a rural area , but guns are not commonplace . " The shooting was "  an isolated incident " for the town , Nelk said . "  I 'm sure when we sit down this evening and start playing it back , we 'll try to figure out what could have possibly happened and why this happened , " Nelk said . "  It 's a very tight community . "  I 've had a lot of conversations with parents and some students . They 're quite worried and hoping that our prayers go out to the child and the family and the friends , " the mayor said . A teacher provided first-aid to the boy , and the school went into lockdown shortly after the 8:40 a.m. shooting , Townsend said . An alert system called all parents , and school was canceled for the day , Townsend said . School will resume Friday , when counselors will be on hand , the principal said . "  This has never happened here before , " said Townsend , who has been principal of the school for five years . "  This kind of situation is very rare and new to North Dakota , the community , our school and the students . " National Depression Screening Day : Sharing experiences can help heal	NEW : Boy was transferred to Fargo for further treatment , mayor says NEW : "  As far as I know , he 's a well-behaved , good kid , " mayor says NEW : Town is trying "  to figure out what could have possibly happened , " mayor adds Boy was coherent after he shot himself with a small handgun , principal says
CNN  -- A long awaited night out at a Lady Gaga concert turned into a nightmare for a 33-year-old Tennessee woman , whose heart was restarted after stopping for five minutes when she went into cardiac arrest . Crystal Thornton , from Lyles , Tennessee , was enjoying the concert 's opening act at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville with her best friend Christina Tugman on Tuesday night when she had a seizure , according to information provided by Vanderbilt Medical Center . "  She stopped breathing , her eyes rolled back in her head , and her body started twitching , " Tugman said . "  I was asking if she was OK , and she was n't responding . " Tugman ran to the lobby to get help . It took Jerry Jones , an EMT supervisor with Vanderbilt University 's LifeFlight Event Medicine program , one minute more to reach her . "  The patient was unconscious with no heartbeat , " Jones said . Using a portable automated external defibrillator , Jones and other paramedics spent more than five minutes until they were finally able to get Thornton 's heart beating again . She was then airlifted to Vanderbilt Medical Center 's emergency department , where doctors immediately used therapeutic hypothermia to cool Thornton 's body temperature to between 93 and 86 degrees -- below the normal body temperature of 98.6 degrees . Even though her heart was working again , doctors wanted to slow circulation in order to prevent the death of brain cells -- and , therefore , brain damage -- caused by prolonged lack of oxygen . Chilled water blankets were placed over Thornton 's body and head , and medical personnel then used a machine to lower her body temperature for 48 hours . "  The patient received incredible care from the moment she experienced problems at the Bridgestone Arena , " said Dr. Jared McKinney , medical director of LifeFlight Event Medicine . "  It is only through a coordinated team effort that her successful outcome was possible . " After undergoing the two days of cooling therapy , Thornton 's body temperature was slowly restored to normal . She regained consciousness and neurologically continues to improve , according to her doctors in Nashville . On Friday afternoon , she was in stable condition , the Tennessee hospital said . Her cardiologist , Dr. John McPherson , said that Thornton is undergoing a battery of tests to determine why she suffered the heart attack . He told CNN it appears she has an enlarged heart -- "  a genetic condition that , unfortunately , has no warning symptoms and often results in an emergency situation like Thornton experienced . " Next week , she will have surgery to put an implantable cardioverter defibrillator in her chest . The device sends electrical shocks that will automatically kick in if her heart starts beating irregularly and restore it to normal , in hopes of preventing another heart attack . Leigh Sims , an emergency medical technician and Vanderbilt 's manager of event medicine , said the defibrillator saved the woman 's life . "  Without an AED , this patient would not have survived , " Sims said . "  It restored her pulse . " While she 's thankful , it 's all a blur for Thornton . And she has n't gotten over not being able to see Lady Gaga strut and sing on stage . "  I am so mad I missed the concert , " she said , according to a statement released by the hospital . Tugman said Friday that she 's grateful to have her friend back -- including after another scare Thursday night , when "  all of a sudden she stopped breathing , her eyes rolled back and all those machines started going off . " "  They came in and shocked her , and she came right back , " said Tugman .	NEW : The woman 's friend says she had another seizure Thursday , and was saved again NEW : Her cardiologist says the 33-year-old appears to have an enlarged heart EMTs restarted her heart after it had stopped for more than five minutes She was flown to hospital , where her body temperature was cooled to curb damage
London , England  CNN  -- Passengers on a British Airways flight from London to Hong Kong got a scare this week when a recorded announcement said the plane was making an emergency landing . The recording , however , was triggered by a computer glitch -- not by an actual emergency -- and the cabin crew immediately told passengers it had been a mistake , a BA spokesman said Friday . "  We would like to apologize to passengers onboard the flight for causing them undue distress , " the airline said in a statement . The Sun newspaper reported it happened as the plane , carrying 275 passengers , was over the North Sea . It quoted one passenger who said people were terrified to hear the recording , which said , "  This is an emergency announcement . We may shortly need to make an emergency landing on water . " CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	The recording said the plane was making an emergency landing Cabin crew immediately told passengers it had been a mistake It happened on a British Airways flight between London and Hong Kong
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's oil reserves may have been grossly overestimated and its capacity to continue pumping at current capacity exaggerated , according to a U.S. diplomatic cable sent from the kingdom in 2007 . The cable , obtained by WikiLeaks and published in the British newspaper The Guardian , cited the views of Sadad al-Husseini , who had been in charge of exploration and production at the Saudi state-owned company Aramco for 12 years until 2004 . Saudi Aramco dominates exploration and production in the kingdom . "  According to al-Husseini , the crux of the issue is two-fold , " the cable says . "  First it is possible that Saudi reserves are not as bountiful as sometimes described and the timeline for their production not as unrestrained as Aramco executives and energy optimists would like . " Al-Husseini is quoted as disagreeing with his former company 's estimate of total reserves in Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest oil producer . "  He believes that Aramco 's reserves are overstated by as much as 300 billion barrels of ` speculative resources . ' He instead focuses on original proven reserves . " Al Husseini forecasts "  a plateau in total output that will last approximately fifteen years , " meaning that soon after 2020 "  a slow but steady output decline will ensue and no amount of effort will be able to stop it . " The former Aramco executive 's forecast was based on Saudi Arabia 's stated goal of producing 12.5 million barrels per day by 2009 . Industry commentators say it has fallen short of that goal because of the global economic slowdown and insufficient global refining capacity . According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration , Saudi Arabia produced 8.4 million barrels per day of crude oil in 2010 , and around 1.8 million barrels per day of natural gas . But less was available for export because of rapidly increasing domestic demand . And as global demand recovers , driven by India and China , the price of crude oil has risen sharply . In the long term , Al Husseini sees an "  underlying reality that global demand has met supply , " according to the cable . "  Due to the longer-term constraints on expanding global output , al-Husseini judges that demand will continue to outpace supply and that for every million-barrels-per-day shortfall that exists between demand and supply , the floor price will increase by $ 12  per barrel  , " the cable says . Oil industry observers say that while there have been significant finds of crude in recent years -- especially off the coast of Brazil and West Africa -- some fields are in deep water and will be difficult to recover . And they are not big enough to alter the fundamental picture with "  super-fields " like the Ghawar field in Saudi Arabia beginning to decline . However , new reservoir technologies may allow producers to exploit reserves that are currently inaccessible . In Saudi Arabia 's case , that amounts to an estimated 360 billion barrels . Oil industry analysts point out another variable : the use of alternative energy sources . A U.S. cable from 2009 says the Saudis want to develop renewable energy sources , including nuclear power , to meet the rapidly growing demand for electricity . That could have the effect of reducing the need to divert crude from exports to fuel domestic electricity generation . The 2009 cable says analysts believe "  a civilian nuclear program ... is the only possibility the Kingdom has to generate sufficient electricity to meet projected demand from economic and population growth and increasing affluence without wastefully burning large quantities of fuel oil . " Last year Saudi Arabia announced plans to built two nuclear power plants .	U.S. cables from Saudi Arabia in 2007 were released by WikiLeaks Former Aramco executive predicted a slow decline in Saudi oil output after 2020 Sadad al-Husseini disagreed with estimate of as many as 300 billion barrels of reserves 2009 cable cites analysts who say nuclear power is kingdom 's only recourse to meet demand
CNN  -- Call it the big tease . We already knew "  That '70s Show " co-stars Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher were parents . The couple had a baby girl on Tuesday , People magazine reported . Now we know the little girl 's name . It appeared on Kutcher 's website Thursday night along with a bunch of baby pictures . "  One of these is Mila and Ashton 's baby ... and her name is Wyatt . " This is where the mystery beings . Underneath are eight photos -- six different newborns , a dog and some undetermined critter . Take your pick , one of them is the new Kutcher kid . "  Mila and I would like to welcome Wyatt Isabelle Kutcher to the world , " a website post by the proud new daddy says . "  May your life be filled with wonder , love , laughter , health , happiness , curiosity , and privacy . "  Can you guess which one is ours , or does it really matter ? All babies are cute . " Signed , "  Ashton . " Mila Kunis to men : Stop saying you 're pregnant While Kunis , 31 , and Kutcher , 36 , have stayed pretty quiet about their pregnancy and engagement , Kunis told W magazine in July that she was "  excited about being a full-time mom . " In the same feature article , Kunis revealed that her first kiss was with Kutcher while filming "  That '70s Show . " After the show ended , the A-list actors followed different journeys for some time . The two rekindled their relationship in 2012 -- shortly after Kutcher separated from his then-wife , Demi Moore , and became engaged in early 2014 . This is the couple 's first child together .	The couple were co-stars on "  That '70s Show " The baby girl is named Wyatt Isabelle Kutcher She was born on Tuesday
Hundreds of law enforcement officers searched Saturday for the suspect in the slaying of a Pennsylvania state trooper -- hours after authorities appeared to be closing in on the self-taught survivalist and bursts of gunfire were heard near the man 's home in the Poconos Mountains . "  It is still a very active search , " said Ralph Megliola , chairman of Barrett Township board of supervisors , adding that up to 400 law enforcement officers , including members of the U.S. Marshals Service , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , and the FBI . On Friday night , police had surrounded an area where suspect Eric Matthew Frein was believed to be hiding , Megliola said . There have been no credible sightings since last night . The area is not far from Frein 's family home in Canadensis , in the Poconos . A police spokesman involved in the case would not say that Frein had been surrounded . Police exchanged gunfire in the area with an individual believed to be Frein , a government official told CNN Friday . State police asked had residents in the Price and Barrett townships of Monroe County to stay inside their homes due to the police activity . The public was asked to stay away from windows and not to travel to the area . On Saturday , residents were still being told to stay indoors and off the roads , Megliola said . Frein , 31 , is being sought in the death of Cpl. Byron Dickson in a September 12 ambush outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove . He 's also suspected of wounding another officer . CNN 's Jason Carroll reported that Canadensis is 30-40 miles from the site where Dickson was shot . The FBI has placed Frein on its Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list and is offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . Frein is a survivalist with an extensive shooting background and a grudge against law enforcement , officials said . Mohawk-style haircut Frein apparently cut his hair into a mohawk style before the attack on police and was active in a military simulation unit that reenacted Cold War-era European conflicts , officials said . His FBI most-wanted poster describes him as a "  heavy smoker , a weapons enthusiast , and a survivalist . He claims to have fought with Serbians in Africa , and he has studied Russian and Serbian languages . " State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan said Wednesday that investigators know Frein "  has made statements about wanting to kill law enforcement officers and also to commit mass acts of murder . " "  He has very strong feelings about law enforcement and seems to be very angry with a lot of things that go on in our society . " Police official : ` We are coming for you ' State Police Lt. Col. George Bivens said Frein has an apparent fascination with Eastern European armies , their history and attire . His simulation group -- which Bivens declined to name -- would stage reenactments using Airsoft guns . In this case , though , authorities say Frein is using live ammunition and shooting to kill . Bivens said Frein has "  his head shaved on the sides with long hair on top , " wider than a "  mohawk " haircut , apparently as part of his mental preparation for his attacks on the troopers . The hairstyle is "  completely different from what he had worn for years . In words directed at Frein , Bivens was blunt . "  If you are cowering in some cool damp place , " Bivens said , "  We are coming for you . It is only a matter of time until we bring you to justice for committing these cowardly acts . " Trooper shooting suspect might try to target more officers , police say	Hundreds of officers resume search hours after closing in on suspect Local official says there have been no credible sightings of suspect since Friday night Eric Matthew Frein , 31 , a self-taught survivalist , is wanted in state trooper 's death Suspect is now on FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list
CNN  -- The parents of missing English toddler Madeleine McCann on Friday unveiled a digitally enhanced picture showing what she might look like today if she is still alive . Madeleine McCann was 3 when she disappeared in 2007 ; this photo shows what she may look like at 6 . Madeleine was 3 years old when she disappeared during a family vacation in Praia da Luz , Portugal , on May 4 , 2007 . Portuguese police closed the case last July without a resolution . The picture , which her parents revealed in an interview on the "  Oprah Winfrey Show " airing Monday , is a school-style photo showing Madeleine at 6 years old , with a pink headband and shoulder-length hair . An expert at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children created the image using photographs of Madeleine 's parents , a spokesman for the center told Guardian.co.uk . Kate and Gerry McCann also discussed how they 're coping with the disappearance of their daughter . "  Child abduction , I think , could destroy any family . There 's no doubt about it , " Gerry McCann told Winfrey . Watch why the McCann 's are waiting for Madeleine " "  But we 've been supported tremendously well and I think that 's helped us stay strong and stay together . Obviously , we 're really united in our goal and our love of Madeleine and Sean and Amelie . " Kate McCann said she keeps Madeleine 's room ready for her and admitted to visiting it twice daily , "  just -LSB- to -RSB- say hello ... just -LSB- to -RSB- tell her we 're still going ... to do everything we can to find her . " Madeleine vanished from the family 's holiday villa at the Portuguese beach resort while her parents dined in a nearby restaurant . The couple have campaigned publicly for information about their daughter 's whereabouts since her disappearance .	Digitally enhanced image shows what Madeleine McCann may look like today Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared during family vacation in Portugal Picture of 6-year-old Madeleine reportedly created from images of her parents Madeleine 's mother says she keeps her room ready , visits it twice daily
CNN  -- Charlotte Dujardin 's dressage dominance was recognized Wednesday evening in her native Britain as "  The Girl with the Dancing Horse " was named the Sunday Times & Sky Sports Sportswoman of the Year . Dujardin , who earned her nickname back home after her heroics at London 2012 , enjoyed a 2014 to remember as the Olympic and European champion became a world champion to consolidate her place at the summit of the sport . The 29-year-old -- riding Dutch gelding Valegro -- claimed two individual gold medals in the special and freestyle events , as well as a team silver , at the World Equestrian Games in Normandy earlier this year , while she also became the first ever Briton to win the World Cup dressage title in Lyon in April . The achievements of Dujardin -- she is the first rider in history to hold all the major titles in dressage -- are all the more remarkable given that she only began competing on the tour three years ago . "  If someone had asked me ` do you think that 's possible ? ' I would have been like ` absolutely not , ' " Dujardin told CNN in September after achieving the "  grand slam . " "  For it to have been possible and that I 've actually done it is very surreal and something that I always have to think ` Oh my God ! ' I 've won all of it . There 's no more I can do . " Dujardin first became a European champion back in 2011 , winning team gold in Rotterdam , before following that up two years later in Herning with two individual gold medals in the special and freestyle events . Sandwiched in between those triumphs came her team and individual Olympic gold medals in London -- the moment when she really first caught the British public 's imagination . "  I remember going into the local supermarket and I got spotted by a guy going ` Oh my God you 're the girl with the dancing horse ! ' He goes , ' I know nothing about horses but I watched you on the telly , ' " Dujardin recalls . "  If you say you do dressage and the dancing horses ... nine times out of 10 people recognize our sport now . " None of the fame and success would have been possible without Valegro , though , according to Dujardin , who has been with her every step of the way . "  He 's not just a horse to me , he truly is my best friend . One day I want him to pull my car when I get married , " Dujardin says . "  That 's what I want do with him . He 'll be strong enough to do that . " Dujardin saw off strong competition in winning the accolade , with Winter Olympic skeleton gold medalist Lizzy Yarnold taking second place and athlete Jo Pavey , who won European gold in the 10,000 meters at the age of 40 , coming third . Gymnast Claudia Fragapane won the young sportswoman award following her four golds at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow .	Charlotte Dujardin wins Sportswoman of the Year award after successful 2014 Dujardin rewarded for World Equestrian Games triumph and World Cup victory The 29-year-old is reigning Olympic , world and European champion
CNN  -- Sandy Hook Elementary School shooter Adam Lanza may have called a radio show nearly a year before his rampage , drawing parallels between a Connecticut chimpanzee that mauled a woman in 2009 and a "  teenage mall shooter or something like that , " according to a report published Thursday in the New York Daily News . The newspaper identified the caller as Lanza , based on Internet postings and confirmation by two of the late shooter 's friends . CNN can not confirm that the recorded voice is Lanza 's , but if it is his , it could provide previously unknown insight into the mind of the 20-year-old , who killed 26 people at the Newtown , Connecticut , school before killing himself as police closed in . "  This is  him  saying , ` Hey listen , there is going to be another shooting , there is going to be another outbreak of violence , ' " clinical psychologist Jeff Gardere told CNN , assuming the voice is that of Lanza . Continuing with what he believed the caller meant , Gardere added , "  But it 's not as random as you think it is . There 's a reason that these things happen . " The 2011 call to the show "  AnarchyRadio , " which broadcasts on a University of Oregon campus station and streams on the Internet , focuses on the story of Travis , a chimpanzee shot to death by police after he mauled his owner 's friend at the Stamford , Connecticut , home where he lived . The friend suffered devastating , albeit not life-ending injuries in the February 2009 attack . The chimp -- who had been featured in TV commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy -- was shot multiple times by Stamford police as he tried to enter a cruiser before returning to the house and dying inside , police said . Chimp attack 911 call : ` He 's ripping her apart ' In the nearly seven-minute segment , the caller -- who identifies himself as "  Greg " and speaks in a low , clipped monotone -- laments perceptions of the chimpanzee after the attack , which he said did n't happen "  simply because he was a senselessly violent , impulsive chimp . " "  Immediately before his attack , he had desperately been wanting his owner to drive him somewhere , and the best reason I can think of for why he would want that , looking at his entire life , is some little thing he experienced was the last straw , and he was overwhelmed by the life he had and he wanted to get out of it by changing his environment , " the caller said . "  And the best way he knew how to deal with that was by getting his owner to drive him somewhere else . " After the owner 's friend arrived , the chimp "  knew that she was trying to coax him back into his life of domestication , " the caller added . "  He could n't handle that , so he attacked her and anyone else who approached him , " he said . "  And dismissing his attack as simply being the senseless violence and impulsiveness of a chimp , instead of a human , is wishful thinking at best . " That primate 's story can inform how humans act , and sometimes snap , the caller speculated . "  His attacks can be parallel to the attacks , the random acts of violence , that you see on your show every week , committed by humans which the mainstream also has no explanation for , " he said . "  An actual human , I do n't think it would be such a stretch . He very well could be a teenage mall shooter or something like that . ... " Police release final report on Newtown school shooting The show 's host , John Zerzan , said Thursday the idea that he might have been talking to someone who would massacre young children was "  really chilling . " At the time , though , he thought the caller seemed rational in making a valid point about how anyone -- whether they are animal or human -- can feel pushed over the edge in modern society . "  This guy ... was beyond the pale and yet , I think , he made an accurate point  about  these flipouts , " Zerzan -- who bills himself as "  an anti-civilization theorist " -- told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  Anyone who reads the paper now and then would have noticed that is happening . And maybe we should try to find out why , what it 's telling us about the society . " While saying such conversation on a program called AnarchyRadio might not stand to most , Gardere said psychologists like himself might spot "  red flags " like the caller 's "  very robotic " and controlled voice and his referring to "  society " and "  humans acting out , not to mention the mention of mall shootings . Criminologist Casey Jordan , a professor of justice and law administration at Western Connecticut State University in Danbury , said she sees parallels between this call and Lanza 's later rampage . "  I think the subtext of what he is saying is that violence is innate and instinctual to humans and really should not be punished because it is their natural basis , " Jordan said . "  That 's the message he 's trying to get across , and the parallel to himself is obvious . "  He feels possessed by this need , this compulsion to commit violence . " A year later : Nation reflects on legacy of its second-deadliest mass shooting	NEW : Expert : The caller is saying "  there 's a reason " sudden violence happens NEW : Radio show host says the idea he may have talked to a mass killer is "  chilling " Adam Lanza may have called a radio show in 2011 , N.Y. Daily News reports The caller talked about a chimp 's attack on a human , "  random acts " of human violence
CNN  Kayla Mueller , an American aid worker and ISIS hostage whose death was confirmed by her family this week , might have been paired with a male ISIS fighter during her captivity , U.S. intelligence and government officials said Wednesday . The officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , cited unspecified intelligence gleaned about the case . A U.S. intelligence official said it was unclear whether Mueller was coerced , sold or forced into the pairing . Intelligence suggests Mueller may have been given to an ISIS fighter as a sort of bride , one U.S. government official said . The National Security Council said it was breaking with protocol to make a statement about an American hostage . "  Reports that have been published by certain news outlets regarding Kayla 's time in  ISIS  captivity are speculative and unproven at this time , " spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan said . "  The U.S. government continues to analyze any information regarding Kayla 's captivity but has not corroborated any of the multiple theories regarding the conditions throughout the duration of her captivity . " Mueller 's parents announced Tuesday that it had received confirmation that their daughter , who was captured in northern Syria in 2013 , had died . ISIS sent the family a private message over the weekend with information about her death , Meehan said Tuesday . The message included photos . One picture showed her wrapped in a burial shroud , but there was enough showing for the family and forensics examiners to identify her , a U.S. official briefed on the matter told CNN . The information did not confirm how Mueller died , a law enforcement source familiar with the case said on condition of anonymity . On Friday , ISIS said that Mueller , 26 , of Arizona , had been killed in a building hit during a Jordanian airstrike on Raqqa , the militants ' de facto capital in Syria . At the time , ISIS offered no proof to back up its claim , other than an image of a building in rubble . The photos in the private weekend message showed bruises on the face , The New York Times reported , but it was unclear whether her injuries were consistent with being killed in the rubble of a flattened building , as ISIS claimed . Mueller made it her life 's work to help others . She was a 2009 graduate of Northern Arizona University and worked with humanitarian groups in northern India , Israel and Palestinian territories , a family spokeswoman said . "  She had a quiet , calming presence . She was a free spirit , always standing up for those who were suffering and wanting to be their voice . ... Kayla 's calling was to help those who were suffering , whether in her home in Prescott , or on the other side of the world , " her aunts , Lori Lyon and Terri Crippes , said Tuesday . In August 2013 , Mueller fell into the hands of hostage-takers in Aleppo , Syria , her family said , after leaving a Doctors Without Borders hospital she was visiting . Mueller 's letter gives glimpse into time in captivity Her family said ISIS contacted them in May with proof that she was alive . The militants eventually said they would kill her if the family did n't pay nearly $ 7 million by August 13 , according to a source close to the family . A number of rescue and negotiation attempts to free Mueller failed , officials said . Rep. Paul Gosar , R-Arizona , told CNN 's Jake Tapper that he and his staffers tried to facilitate Mueller 's release on several occasions . Negotiations between the family and ISIS at one point , he said , included discussion about whether Mueller could be swapped for Dr. Aafia Siddiqui , a prisoner being held in Texas who was convicted for conspiring with the enemy . The Mueller family reached out to the White House last summer when ISIS issued a deadline to execute Kayla and asked if the government would be willing to trade Siddiqui , known as "  Lady Al Qaeda , " in exchange for Mueller , a spokeswoman for the family said . ISIS has repeatedly made public calls for Siddiqui 's release . "  The family was doing everything it could to bring their daughter home , " the spokeswoman said . It asked the White House if it could have Siddiqui 's sentence commuted . The White House responded , but the spokeswoman would not say what the answer was . The request to the White House was first reported by the Daily Beast . Mueller was still alive after the ISIS-imposed deadline to execute her , the spokeswoman said , although she did n't specify how that was known . Mueller 's boyfriend , who was captured with her but later released , posed as her husband and risked his life trying to rescue her from a terrorist training camp in Syria , the spokeswoman said . He still talks with the family . Orouba Barakat , a friend of Mueller , said she received a short audio clip made by Mueller after she was kidnapped . "  She begged for help . ` Please try to help me , get me out  of  here . I 'm so sick , I 'm dying , ' " she said , recalling the audio . Barakat , a Syrian journalist who met Mueller while in Turkey , said she heard the 10 - to 15-second recording about three months after Mueller was abducted . She tried contacting Mueller by Skype and by email , but never heard back from the hostage . U.S. President Barack Obama said Tuesday that the government had worked to free Mueller and other hostages . "  We devoted enormous resources , always devote enormous resources to freeing captives or hostages anywhere in the world . And I deployed an entire operation -- at significant risk -- to rescue not only her but the other individuals who had been held , and probably missed them by a day or two , precisely because we had that commitment , " Obama said in an interview with BuzzFeed News . Confirmation of Mueller 's death drew condolences and tributes from across the country and around the world . In Jordan , where seething leaders have vowed revenge after ISIS burned a captive Jordanian pilot to death , government spokesman Mohammed Al-Momani expressed "  grief and anger " over Mueller 's death . Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey said he had ordered flags at state government buildings to fly at half-staff until sundown Wednesday in her honor . ISIS ' high-profile hostages CNN 's Jason Hanna , Catherine E. Shoichet , Ashley Fantz , Ana Cabrera and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	Executive branch body says some reports about Kayla Mueller 's captivity are "  unproven " Source : Intel suggests Mueller may have been given to fighter as bride Family asked White House to coordinate a deal for woman held by U.S. , spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Hindered by painful stings and strong currents , endurance swimmer Diana Nyad ended her latest attempt to swim from Cuba to Florida about two-thirds of the way through the crossing Sunday . The 62-year-old Nyad suffered jellyfish and Portuguese man-of-war stings Saturday , while ocean cross-currents were pushing her off course , team captain Mark Sollinger said . She was pulled out of the water about 11 a.m. Sunday , about 67 nautical miles through the 103-nautical-mile passage . Treading water before being helped out of the water , Nyad said the man-of-war stings had paralyzed some of the muscles in her back , given her chills and nausea . Doctors warned her she could suffer long-term health problems if she suffered another sting . "  I 've never been in any pain , ever , like that in my whole life , " she said , adding , "  Now it 's set me so far back , I just do n't ' have the lung capacity to swim the way I can . " It was her third attempt to make the swim from Cuba to Florida . Her first , in 1978 , was brought to an end by strong currents and bad weather after almost 42 hours in the water . She made a second try in August , before she was pulled from the water after 60 miles and almost 29 hours of swimming . She blamed a shoulder injury she suffered early in the journey , and an 11-hour-long asthma attack . Her latest attempt , accompanied by shark divers , began just after 6 p.m. Friday from Havana 's Hemingway Marina . The former world champion swimmer projected the swim would take close to 60 hours . There was a bit of excitement early Saturday afternoon as an oceanic whitetip shark swam near Nyad , but a diver on her team faced it off and it meandered away . The swimmer improved her performance late Saturday morning after struggling to maintain her usual stroke rate , her support team said . Fortified by chicken soup , Nyad was making good progress until the Saturday evening incident . Nyad got back in the water at 12:20 a.m. Sunday and swam for nearly 11 hours before packing it in . "  But for each of us , is n't life about determining your own finish line ? " she said in a statement on her website . "  This journey has always been about reaching your own other shore no matter what it is , and that dream continues . " CNN 's Matt Sloane and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	"  I 've never been in any pain , ever , like that , " Nyad says Jellyfish stings cut short Cuba-to-Florida swim It was the endurance swimmer 's third attempt to reach Florida from Cuba "  Is n't life about determining your own finish line ? " Nyad says
Tokyo  CNN  How we view robots -- and the inevitable robotics revolution that we 've been promised for so long -- depends largely on our background . For me , as an American , robots will be inherently linked with Star Wars as a kid , but later with the unstoppable android that was the Terminator . So , while I can dream of a cute , trashcan-sized companion , the fantasy is also coupled with an inherent fear that it may one day rise up and attempt to exterminate me . For many Japanese people , robots were a staple of pop culture growing up . From Osamu Tezuka 's Astro Boy  known here by his original name , which translates as Mighty Atom  in the 1950s and 60s , to the towering , martial robots of the "  Gundam " and "  Evangelion " universes , to name but a few , robots have long held a special place in the collective imagination . Robot pioneers So it really is no surprise that the country is on the leading edge of robot technology , and a visit to the National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation , known as Miraikan  Future Hall  in Tokyo really drives home the point . Here , visitors can interact with ASIMO , the Honda-developed android that can run , perform tasks , and interact with people . Honda first unveiled ASIMO a decade ago , and even today it remains a futuristic vision of what robotics may one day hope to achieve on a consumer scale . Miraikan also houses other , interactive automatons that show glimpses of what life might be like in 15 , 20 , or 30 years . There 's Otonaroid , who looks like a young Japanese woman with silicone skin , flowing hair , and blinking eyes . And then there 's Kodomoroid , an android newscaster that reads headlines to museum visitors , and Telenoid , a creepy-looking communication device that allows you to "  speak " to friends or loved ones who are far away -- and feel as if you are sitting with them . You can hold and hug the Telenoid , and it hugs you back with its little stubs for arms . While giant fighting space robots may be a while off -- although engineers are reportedly planning a moving , 60 ft tall Gundam -- Japan is betting big that robots will have a greater place in our lives in the years to come . Help at home From housework helpers which can ease the burden of a range of daily chores -- like Twenty-One , the multipurpose home care droid currently under development at Tokyo 's Waseda University . With a humanoid upper body and wheeled base , it boasts a dexterity and mobility that would be helpful in any number of tasks , including assisting the elderly . Shigeki Sugano and his team have the vision of putting robots in everyone 's homes . He tells me it will be decades before robots are mass-produced the way cars are today , but what is being developed today could well become commonplace in the future . Twenty-One is a great example of how Japanese researchers are thinking of helping the country 's aging population . Androids -- humanoid robots -- may also one day soon act as companions and helpers to the elderly as Japan looks at its current demographic crisis and uses technology in inventive ways to combat a shrinking , aging population . Nursing homes could also benefit from "  wearable , " exoskeleton robots , like Cyberdyne 's HAL-5 , that can assist with mobility . Thanks to technological advances , including those in "  emotion recognition functions , " robots are becoming a lot more sympathetic and "  human " for want of a better term , and thus accepted . Last month , Japanese telecom company SoftBank showcased Pepper , "  the first robot to read human emotions , " according to the company 's CEO , Masayoshi Son . Elsewhere , national emergencies like the meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi reactor have driven home the point that there remain myriad situations for which we soft , fragile humans are ill-equipped . Economic boon Japan 's robot revolution is not only underway , but has the backing of the country 's government , which sees it as a potential antidote to decades of sluggish GDP growth . Last month , Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that he is bullish about the future of robotics , after photo ops at a Saitama nursing home and a Tokyo robotics factory . He 's expressed a desire to "  set up a council on making a robotic revolution a reality in order to aid Japan 's growth , " and set a benchmark of tripling the robot market to ¥ 2.4 trillion  $ 24 billion  . Abe also declared his hope that there will be a high profile "  robot Olympics " in 2020 , a companion piece to the human version , which will be held in Tokyo that year . The Robolympics  as they should clearly be called  will act as a showcase for advancement in the fields of robotics and engineering . "  In 2020 , I would like to gather all of the world 's robots and aim to hold an Olympics where they compete in technical skills , " Mr Abe told Jiji Press agency . "  We want to make robots a major pillar of our economic growth strategy . " Already ingrained in the country 's cultural conciousness , the robots of today will hopefully encourage and inspire the next generation of designers , programmers and engineers , in the way that I was inspired by Star Wars , and countless Japanese youths , by their rich robot anime and manga culture . This robot valet will park your car Meet Pepper , the emotional robot Euan McKirdy in Hong Kong contributed to this report	Japan has long portrayed robots in popular culture , paving the way for the country 's robotic industry Interactive robots at Tokyo exhibition give visitors a firsthand look at some innovative examples Japan 's prime minister hopes the robotics industry will be a major economic contributor in the future
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan would be funded into early 2009 under a compromise plan approved Thursday by the U.S. House . The bill includes $ 165 billion to fund the wars in Afghanistan , above , and Iraq . The $ 165 billion measure puts no restrictions on money the Bush administration had requested to continue bankrolling the wars but includes money for key domestic priorities for House Democrats , namely more unemployment assistance for people who lose their jobs and an expansion of the G.I. Bill . The plan also includes more than $ 2 billion for disaster assistance for areas in the Midwest dealing with massive flooding . A first vote , on the war funding , was approved 268-155 . A second vote on the domestic money passed 416-12 . President Bush and many congressional Republicans had resisted extending unemployment benefits , but the compromise bill includes another 13 weeks of assistance . Democrats had been pushing for extending benefits to laid-off workers as unemployment rates continue to rise . Democrats also got Republican support for a college scholarships program for U.S. troops , known as a "  new G.I. bill . " This program expands educational benefits for veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan to pay for full four-year scholarships . House Democratic and Republican leaders reached an agreement on the plan Wednesday , and Bush administration officials said they were satisfied with the compromise . Anti-war protesters in the House gallery shouted and chanted briefly during the vote , tossing what appeared to be slips of paper onto the House floor . They were removed from the gallery without incident . The two bills approved Thursday will be combined and sent to the Senate for approval as one measure .	$ 165 billion measure puts no restrictions on war-money Bush requested Measure pays for wars in Iraq , Afghanistan through early next year Also attached are unemployment assistance and expanded GI Bill Measure includes more than $ 2 billion to help flood-stricken Midwest
CNN  -- Penn State University revealed a record number of forcible sex offense reports for the 2012 calendar year , more than half of which it said had occurred years earlier , some as far back as the 1970s . As a result , the U.S. Department of Education 's Office for Civil Rights announced last week it is launching an independent civil rights enforcement investigation of Penn State to determine whether the university "  has responded immediately and appropriately " to complaints of sexual offenses . The investigation will also determine whether the university is in compliance with federal law in its handling of allegations of sexual violence committed by students or staff , with a particular emphasis on complaints of sexual assault , according to a letter sent to the university 's president Thursday . The annual campus security report from Penn State listed 56 forcible sex offenses on its main campus in 2012 , which is more than double the number of sex offenses reported for the previous year and 14 times the number reported in 2010 . Victim 9 in Sandusky case sues Penn State Under Title IX , a school must ensure that students are not denied or limited in the ability to participate in or benefit from its educational programs or activities on the basis of sex . Penn State , like other postsecondary institutions , must collect and disclose information about certain crimes on and near its campuses under the Clery Act , and compliance is monitored by the Department of Education , according to a statement on the investigation from Jim Bradshaw , spokesman for the department . "  Our initial review of Penn State 's sexual harassment policy , compounded by a dramatic increase in the number of forcible sex offenses occurring on campus as reported by the university itself , raised legal concerns that compelled us to investigate , " Catherine Lhamon , the assistant secretary for civil rights , said in a statement on the investigation . But the Penn State report also noted that 36 of the total 63 sex offenses -- some of which occurred off campus -- in 2012 actually occurred earlier , from the 1970s through 2011 . Some of the listed offenses can also be attributed to the crimes of former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted of sexually abusing young boys in 2012 , according to the university 's Clery Act compliance manager , Gabe Gates . In a news release , Gates also stated the overall increase might be due in part to the additional Clery Act training that 's been provided for 5,000 individuals at Penn State over the last year . This training may have led to greater awareness of how to report these crimes and what resources are available to victims and witnesses , Gates said . Penn State spokeswoman Lisa Powers told CNN the university "  is looking forward to working with the Office for Civil Rights on this proactive compliance review in order to further the purposes of Title IX , promote and protect the safety of the Penn State community and strengthen Penn State as an institution . " In an op-ed published over the weekend , Secretary of Education Arne Duncan discussed the unprecedented national effort to address the alarming rate of sexual assault on college campuses . According to Duncan , colleges and universities reported more than 4,800 forcible sex offenses to the federal government in 2012 , which is 50 % higher than the number of reports in 2009 . One in five female students report they suffered an attempted or completed sexual assault at college , along with 6 % of male students , Duncan wrote in the article . "  No parent should ever fear for a child 's safety when he or she departs for college . But the painful truth is that sexual violence is far too prevalent today on campus , " Duncan wrote . Pennsylvania coach accused of cover-up in alleged rape of player	Penn State fielded 56 reports of sex offenses on campus in 2012 , report says Many occurred before 2011 , and better training may have raise number , school says Department of Education officials will look into university 's Title IX compliance
Nicosia , Cyprus  CNN  -- Two top Cyprus officials resigned Monday after an explosion at a naval base killed at least 12 people in the island nation , state radio reported . Defense Minister Costas Papacostas and National Guard Chief Petros Tsalikides resigned , Cyprus state radio said . About 50 people were wounded in the blast at the Evangelos Florakis Naval Base at Zygi , the station said . Among the dead are five firefighters and two sailors . A grass fire spread to the base , setting dozens of crates of gunpowder on fire and causing the blast , the station said . Greece 's defense ministry announced Monday that it was sending a C-27 aircraft and military experts to help authorities with their investigation of the blast . The explosion knocked out power at the neighboring Vasilikos Power Station , the nation 's largest electricity plant , the power company said . State radio reported that 40 % of the island was without power and government officials were making arrangements for generators to be shipped into the country . In the meantime , the nation 's other two power stations were "  trying to meet the demand , " said Costas Gavrielides , a spokesman for the country 's electricity authority . Roads leading to the base have been blocked off , with no one allowed to enter or leave , the news agency said . "  Today is a black day for the Cypriot democracy and its people because of the loss of lives of our compatriots and injuries , " said President Demetris Christofias . "  I offer my condolences to the families of those who died in the line of duty . " Journalist Paul Malaos also contributed to this report .	NEW : The nation 's defense minister and National Guard chief resign , state radio says NEW : About 50 people are wounded in the blast , the station says NEW : Greece sends military experts and a C-27 aircraft to help investigators A grass fire causes crates of munitions to catch fire , state radio says
CNN  -- Weeks after they found Odin Lloyd 's bullet-riddled body in a Massachusetts industrial park , investigators are still searching for a key piece of evidence : the gun used to kill him . Prosecutors have accused former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez , 23 , of orchestrating the death of Lloyd , who was shot five times with a .45 caliber handgun . The latest police search for the weapon -- at a lake in Bristol , Connecticut -- did n't turn up the gun , a law enforcement official told CNN Wednesday . Investigators with a Connecticut State Police dive team who 've been looking for the gun plan to return to the area next week to search a smaller body of water nearby , the law enforcement official said . Search warrant : Hernandez stored guns in box after killing The former standout NFL tight end has pleaded not guilty to murder . He is being held without bail . Authorities have said Hernandez , Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment in the early morning of June 17 . Surveillance cameras showed the car at an industrial park near Hernandez 's North Attleborough , Massachusetts , home . Lloyd 's body was found in the industrial park later that day . Ortiz has told authorities that Wallace said Hernandez fired the shots that killed Lloyd , according to a court document . As part of their investigation into the high-profile case , police have homed in on Hernandez 's hometown of Bristol . And a house there where Hernandez 's uncle and cousin live has become one focal point . The house is near the lake that police have been searching . And court documents say that Hernandez 's cousin , Tanya Singleton , learned of Lloyd 's death at the house , where she allegedly spoke with Ortiz . Hernandez responds from jail to fan letter A search warrant affidavit states that Ortiz -- who sources say is cooperating with authorities â $ " says that he and Wallace drove to the Connecticut home , where he told Singleton about Lloyd 's death . The affidavit also says that Singleton later bought a bus ticket for Wallace . Wallace was charged with accessory after the fact to murder and has pleaded not guilty . Ortiz has pleaded not guilty to a weapons charge . Singleton was arrested and jailed on a contempt of court charge , according to jail records . The charge is for allegedly failing to comply with a grand jury investigating Lloyd 's killing , the law enforcement official said . She was released from the Bristol County Sheriff 's Office Women 's Center in Massachusetts on August 1 , according to jail records . It is unclear whether she was transferred to another facility or decided to comply with the grand jury . Prosecutor raises 2012 Boston slayings in alleging Hernandez motive A spokesman for the Bristol County District Attorney declined comment to CNN . Attempts to reach Singleton and her family were unsuccessful . At the Connecticut home , authorities also discovered a dusty SUV suspected of being linked to an unsolved double homicide in Boston last summer , sources told CNN . Hernandez has not been charged with anything in that case , but a law enforcement source has told CNN that Boston police were "  very active " -- and making progress -- in trying to connect the dots that could link him to the shooting . CNN 's George Lerner contributed to this report .	A police search of a Connecticut lake does n't turn up the gun , an official says A dive team will return to the area next week and search a smaller body of water Hernandez 's cousin was charged with contempt of court and jailed
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- They 're paid to watch for suspicious activity , to prevent bloody attacks . But employees at Baghdad 's surveillance center often watch helplessly as death and destruction unfold before their eyes , on camera . Security cameras watch the streets of Baghdad , but the center 's director says it has a long way to go . The center was set up a year and a half ago , with employees on the lookout for trouble , as police officers in a back room listen to the traffic on their radios . But there are not enough cameras to cover all of Baghdad -- only 5 percent of the city is surveilled under the current system . The cameras picked up suspicious activity last Wednesday , but within 20 seconds -- before any action could be taken -- a truck blew up in front of the Foreign Ministry building . By day 's end , bombings had killed nearly 100 people in the city . The fledgling security surveillance operation has a long way to go , its director acknowledges . The center is understaffed and not yet open around the clock . Watch security camera video of attacks " Though overall attacks have decreased in Iraq , the images on screen serve as undeniable evidence of the ongoing violence the Iraqi government is struggling to prevent . That effort includes 113 security cameras placed mainly around government buildings throughout the city , though not all are functioning at any given time . Each work station at the surveillance center monitors the feeds from 10 cameras . After last week 's bombings -- which made Wednesday the bloodiest day in Iraq since U.S. combat troops withdrew from Iraqi cities at the end of June -- the center 's managers met with Iraqi security forces in an effort to increase the number of cameras . "  We should all admit responsibility for this major breach of security , " the director said . "  And we have to fix the system . " For now , as the carnage fills the screen like a violent movie , employees cringe with guilt . They know that every time there is a blast on screen , it 's because they were not able to prevent it .	Baghdad has 113 security cameras around government buildings But workers often see attacks occurring that they do n't have time to prevent Only 5 percent of the Iraqi capital covered by security cameras Center 's managers want more cameras ; "  We have to fix the system , " director says
Washington  CNN  -- As voters headed to the polls on Election Day , several of Mitt Romney 's senior campaign aides said , they truly thought he was going to win the presidency and retake the White House Republicans lost four years earlier . "  I was cautiously optimistic , " Romney pollster Neil Newhouse said . Instead , Barack Obama garnered 51 % of the popular vote and 332 electoral votes to 206 and approximately 48 % of the popular vote for his opponent . Newhouse was one of the key Romney campaign officials who joined counterparts from Obama 's campaign at a Harvard University symposium last week that examined the election , the strategies and how various factors influenced the outcome . Reporting about the symposium , a post-election ritual dating back to 1972 , was embargoed until audio recordings of the forum were released to the public on Monday . On Election Day : Romney polling showed Obama lead in Ohio on Sunday During a session examining the general election , Romney aides said they believed their campaign had an intensity and enthusiasm advantage that would help spur voters to come out in larger numbers for Romney than the public polls were indicating . "  We thought that we had the potential to tilt the partisan electorate a couple points in our direction , " Newhouse said . What the Republicans did n't see was a massive and effective get-out-the vote operation by the president 's campaign , which increased its share of the Hispanic , African-American and youth vote over 2008 rates . As they heard the efficiency , breadth and depth of the Obama initiative described firsthand , Romney officials said their Obama counterparts deserved much credit both for the organization and for the results . Romney re-joins Marriott 's corporate board The general election panel , moderated by CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger and CNN Senior Political Analyst Ron Brownstein , was just one part of the event sponsored by Harvard 's Institute of Politics . Besides the officials from the Romney and Obama campaigns , key personnel representing the Republican primary contenders as well as strategists for the major super PACs participated in various sessions looking at the election . Full audio : Harvard Institute of Politics symposium Looking back at some of their efforts , Romney aides said they realized they had work to do to try to increase their support among Latinos -- especially in light of some of Romney 's comments made during the Republican primary advocating self-deportation of illegal immigrants . Romney aides maintained they did not consider having the candidate apologize for those remarks when the general election came . "  We shifted resources to try to improve our numbers with Hispanics in Florida . We did see some movement in Florida ... but we definitely had issues we inherited . We also did the same in Nevada , " campaign manager Matt Rhoades said . When asked about Romney 's secretly recorded comments at a fundraiser where he said 47 % of the country would not vote for him because they are "  dependent on government , " officials said they did not know it existed . Immediately after it was released , campaign officials researched to see if there was any editing of the tape that changed what the candidate said . Then aides had to go into damage control mode . Analysis : Why Romney lost Rhoades and others credited Romney for knowing he made a mistake and not blaming others . "  I remember speaking to him and there was a lot of negativity about our campaign as a whole , but he 's a person who takes personal responsibility about it , " Rhoades said . "  And he would tell me ... ` You did n't say 47 % , Matt . Stuart  Stevens , Romney 's senior campaign adviser  did n't say 47 % . I did . ' And obviously it was not a high moment for our campaign , but I think it speaks a lot to who Mitt Romney is , and I also like to think it speaks a lot to who this campaign team is that we 're able to make a run and come back from that . " Rhoades discussed how the campaign was having problems in September after the Republican convention -- confronting stories of infighting -- but praised Romney , saying he never "  pushed through and plowed through . " Romney aides they "  never allowed ourselves to believe " they had no chance of winning . Obama aides said the roughest point of their campaign was the president 's performance in the first debate in Denver . David Axelrod , Obama 's senior campaign adviser , told the panel that aides had purposely decided to avoid bringing up such issues as Romney 's experience at Bain Capital or the 47 % comments , but saw that strategy backfire . "  We had a strategy of limited engagement that we took to an illogical extreme , " Axelrod said , a comment that was met by laughter from the attendees . "  What we assumed was that these guys , having practiced for as long as and as hard as they had , had an answer prepared , and we just felt like we were going to lead into something that may not be productive , " he added . One key missed opportunity was when the Republican nominee said he had been in business for 25 years , did n't know about tax breaks for companies moving jobs overseas and that "  I maybe need to get a new accountant . " "  There were answers that we could have given . But it would have been more personal in nature , " Axelrod observed . "  If there was a preparation problem , it was on that strategic level . " Obama engaged in more rigorous preparation for the second and third debates . One part of that was a focus on reaction shots , especially during the town hall forum where he would be on camera a lot . Other interesting items to emerge : Florida , Florida , Florida : The Obama campaign had decided to wait until mid-September before deciding whether to fully commit financially to an ad campaign in Florida . Team Obama saw some encouraging poll numbers that showed the state competitive after the Democratic convention and dedicated $ 40 million . It was a "  big moment , " campaign manager Jim Messina said , because it was one of the states the Republicans had to get back into their column in order to get the 270 electoral votes needed for election . The Bain attacks : Team Romney was aware that attacks on Romney 's tenure at Bain Capital had been used in Romney 's previous runs for office in 1994 and 2002 , so the campaign in the fall of 2011 set up a task force headed by Bob White , one of his closest friends and also a former Bain executive , to be ready to answer any charges . When the pro-Newt Gingrich super PAC went up with Bain attacks in January during the Republican primaries , Rhoades said , the team had rebuttal information ready within 24 to 48 hours . While Rhoades said aides thought the attacks could come during the primaries , "  we were surprised a little by the intensity . " Mr. Preparation : Beth Myers , who directed Romney 's debate preparation , said she wanted getting ready to debate the president to be the "  Manhattan Project " of the campaign . The first general election debate prep came in June with policy sessions because officials knew this would be a good chance to give the campaign a jolt . There were policy and strategy sessions in June , July and August . Myers made sure Romney was armed with a research book for any cross-country trip . During the Democratic convention in early September , Romney went to debate camp doing five mock debates in three days . And for "  fun at night " the aides would do whiteboard review sessions . Romney did 16 mock debates in total because those close to him knew that one way to help him relax was to make sure he was as prepared as possible . Rubio and Ryan in political spotlight CNN 's Peter Hamby and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	Romney aides thought intensity and enthusiasm would tip the balance in their favor Campaign officials say they gave no thought to an apology for self-deportation comments Obama advisers said the low point for his campaign was after his first debate performance Officials were speaking at a Harvard post-campaign symposium
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo has escaped punishment over the car smash earlier this year that saw his Ferrari written off . Ronaldo 's Ferrari was a complete write-off after his accident on the way to training . The Manchester United star , who is set to move to Real Madrid for a world record fee , demolished the front of his high-performance sports car after he hit a roadside barrier in a tunnel on a freeway in the north-west of England city . No other vehicle was involved and Ronaldo escaped injury . He spoke to police officers at the scene and was also later interviewed as well as giving a written statement . A Greater Manchester Police spokesman told Press Association Tuesday . "  No further action will be taken against the driver of a Ferrari 599 GTB , which collided with a wall on the A538 Wilmslow Road on Thursday , January 8 . "  No-one was injured and no other vehicles were involved in the incident . " It was reported that the Portuguese star had only owned the top-of-the-range sports car for just a few days before the accident . The impact of the crash saw one of the Ferrari 's wheels come off and end up 200 meters away , with skid marks on the road clearly prominent . The FIFA World Player of the Year walked away from the smash and was given a lift to training that morning by then Manchester United teammate Edwin van der Sar who had been driving along the same stretch of road behind him . Dutchman Van de Sar also provided a statement to police about the incident . Real Madrid and Manchester United confirmed last week that they had reached a deal to send Ronaldo to the Bernabeu , but it has still to be officially sealed .	Manchester police will not take action over Cristiano Ronaldo car crash Ronaldo wrote off his Ferrari as he drove to training on January 8 No other vehicles were involved and Ronaldo escaped injury
They 've been trained to focus for weeks at a time on a single goal . They know how to clearly identify obstacles and form step-by-step plans to overcome them . They 're obsessed with improving specific skills but judge success only by overall progress made in the world they 've decided to conquer -- as realistic or fantastical as it may be . It 's precisely these traits that make video-gamers great bodybuilders . Take a moment to laugh , if you must . Now hear us out . Brian Wang and Dick Talens were the stereotypical video-gamers in high school . One was scrawny , the other fat . They grew up playing marathon sessions of "  EverQuest " and "  Counter-Strike . " "  I literally would wake up and play all day , eating intermittently , " Talens said . "  OK , when I say intermittently , I mean eating a lot . " But by the time the men met at the University of Pennsylvania in 2004 , they had traded an obsession with video gaming for an obsession with weight-lifting . As they shared stories at the gym , they realized their healthy transformation had been easier for them than for most . Why ? Because they were -- and would always be -- gamers . "  People do n't realize that video games are an expression of personality , " Talens said . "  There 's certain qualities that people have . They 're obsessed with improving the stat sheets , getting to the next level ; they pay a lot of attention to detail . Guys who play  ` World of Warcraft '  ... are very intense about whatever they do . They can turn that addiction and all its characteristics into fitness . " It 's a theory they 're taking to the bank . Talens and Wang are the co-founders of Fitocracy , a website that 's turning gaming geeks into fitness geeks . The site has 70,000 users in its beta version and hopes to open to the 60,000 on a waiting list in the next couple months . Fitocracy members can "  level up " by earning points for their workouts . New levels unlock special challenges or "  quests " that are designed to push users out of their comfort zones . For example , a runner might have to do yoga , or a bodybuilder might have to tackle a 5K . Still , one has to wonder : What would make a virtual warrior trade in his sword and shield for a pair of dumbbells ? The same thing that got him interested in playing video games in the first place , Dr. Scott Rigby says . Rigby and Dr. Richard Ryan are co-authors of the book "  Glued to Games : How Video Games Draw Us In and Hold Us Spellbound . " As experts on human motivation , they have identified basic psychological needs -- similar to physical needs like food , water and sleep -- that video games satisfy . First , Ryan says , is the need to feel competent . In real life , you get the chance to "  level up " only once every couple years : like when you earn a promotion at work or get married . In games , you always know what you have to do to get to the next level . "  In video games , you 're constantly getting information about your achievements and  learning  how to do things better , " Ryan says . "  There 's an opportunity to develop a mastery that 's very much a key motivator . " That translates well to fitness , where tracking your accomplishments enables you to progress quicker . You know you 've improved when you run an extra mile or dead lift another 50 pounds . A second motivator in video games is the feeling of freedom and autonomy , Rigby says . People like to know they have control over their future . In video games , you can choose your path , the skills you want to improve , even your outfit . Making the same choices in your fitness regimen helps you feel empowered . "  Games make the goals really clear , " Rigby said . "  You have to run from point A to point B , deliver a message , kill this bad guy . You have a very clear sense of ` If I just do these steps , I will succeed . ' And let 's call them quests because it sounds heroic . And who does n't want to feel like a hero ? " Fitocracy user Michael Perry says that what 's most important to him is the community on the website , which resembles that of his favorite online game , "  World of Warcraft . " In any massively multiplayer online role-playing game , you work with other players to conquer enemies . Your team expects you to show up and do what needs to be done . He gets the same sense of accountability from the members on Fitocracy . "  When I was playing WoW all the time , I had to make sure everything I was doing was right . I researched it down to the T. I made sure I was hitting spells right at the right time . I would n't miss a raid , " Perry said . "  I think that translates really well to exercise and bodybuilding because you have to have that level of knowledge ,  and  you have to have that commitment . " Rigby says the community around online games , or fitness , satisfies one of the last psychological needs : relationships . "  There 's a social component to it . ... You 're relying on each other . You really need the other person to watch your back and vice versa , " he said . "  Games  build in a sense of ' I matter to others ; others matter to me . ' " Of course , motivation is n't restricted to video gamers . Everyone has these basic intrinsic psychological needs and can apply them to fitness . Gamers just have an easier time learning the language . "  What video game players have is a certain understanding for how these sort of fitness structures are built : goal-setting , progression , etc. " Rigby said . "  In other words , it 's a world that they know . " Take Vin Diesel , one of the buffest men in Hollywood . Diesel used to play "  D&D " on his days off as a bouncer in one of New York 's nightclubs . He contributed the foreword for the book "  30 Years of Adventure : A Celebration of Dungeons & Dragons , " writing , "  We were all drawn to the game because it allowed us to become these characters , vastly different in appearance and in actions , but what kept us hooked was the search for the character that represented our higher self . " A quest -- to look different , to act stronger , to be better . Sound familiar ?	Fitocracy uses video game techniques to encourage exercise "  Glued to Games " authors say motivation is similar in fitness , games Community around online games , or fitness , satisfies a psychological need
CNN  -- For 17-year-old Nathan Stiles , his senior year was supposed to be the best yet . He was a straight-A student and homecoming king at Spring Hill , Kansas , High School , and was the Broncos ' star running back . He was a starter on the varsity basketball team and loved to sing at church . He was the son any mother dreamed of having . His mom , Connie , recalls , "  He was an athlete , but school was important . His grades , his teachers and just having a family ... he had his priorities right . " The final game of his senior year turned out to be the final game of his life . Nathan died playing the game he loved , football . His autopsy would reveal he died of second-impact syndrome , when a player is hit again before the brain has had a chance to heal from an initial concussion . But it would turn out that those repetitive hits Nathan took on the field would also make him the youngest reported case of chronic traumatic encephalopathy  CTE  . It 's a degenerative disease found in football players and other athletes in contact sports who get repeated hits to their heads . The day after homecoming , Nathan complained of headaches . But nothing unusual , until five days later , when his mom received a call from his athletics trainer . "  Nathan 's telling me he 's still having headaches . You need to go take him to the emergency room . ' " And so Connie did . Nathan had a CT scan and the doctors reported a clean bill of health . Yet , to be on the safe side , doctors kept him out of play for three weeks . Kansas is one of 34 states that require a player to be cleared by a health care professional before they return to play . In addition , Kansas also requires that players and their parents sign a waiver acknowledging the risks of concussions . When Connie and Nathan returned to the doctor 's office three weeks later , Connie remembers Nathan turning to her and asking "  Now , Mom , are you OK with this ? " She did n't want him to , but it was hard for her to say no . "  You know , it 's his choice , " she said . His first game back , Connie remembers him getting hit . "  I saw him kind of get stunned . But he walks out and tells Ron , ` Oh I 've never felt better , that was the best game , I never felt so good . ' " He even took his ACTs the following day and had no complaints . The headaches that had bothered Nathan several weeks before were gone , or at least appeared so to his parents . The following week was the final game of his career . Nathan intercepted the ball and sprinted toward the end zone . Touchdown . "  If you would watch him run , he had a flow about him that was just beautiful . I mean it looked so graceful , " remembers his dad , Ron . But right before halftime , his parents noticed Nathan was acting strangely . "  I watched him walk off the field , and I said , ` He 's walking funny . ' I mean , I know that kid so well , " said Connie . Her phone rang . It was someone on the bench by Nathan . "  Get over here . Something 's wrong , " she heard . By the time Ron and Connie made it to the bench , it was too late . Nathan had collapsed on the sidelines . His mother rushed to his side , trying to get him to wake up . "  Come on buddy , it 's your mama , come on ! " she urged . But instead of waking up , Nathan began seizuring . He was airlifted to The University of Kansas Medical Center , some 50 miles away , and rushed into surgery . Four hours later , the doctors came out to tell Ron and Connie they stopped the bleeding in his brain , but Nathan 's lungs and heart were too weak to go on . By 4 a.m. the following morning , Nathan was off life support . Nathan 's autopsy revealed he died from multiple hits to the head , also known as second impact syndrome . As Ron and Connie tried to determine what was next , Ron received a call he never expected . "  You know when you get a telephone call after your son dies saying they want your son 's brain , sometimes that 's a hard call to get . " On the other end of the line was Chris Nowinski , one of the co-directors of the Boston University Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy . The center works with the VA Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy  CSTE  Brain Bank , and together they work to understand what those hard hits on the field are doing to the brain , by looking inside the brain . Nowinski spends his time tracking football and sport related deaths and having to make the difficult calls to their families . "  I have called hundred of families within 48 hours of their loved ones dying , and it 's never easy . " Instead he focuses on the fact that the bank 's work will protect families in the future . "  I hate every call we make , but you know , I honestly , I have to prep and think of the positives that come out of it . " The Brain Bank is the world 's largest collection of athlete brains . Since its inception in 2008 , the bank has documented more than 50 cases of CTE . Much of that work is in the hands of Dr. Ann McKee , the bank 's director and neuropathologist . She actually dissects the brain to track the trauma , and what she 's finding in the brains of some players in their 40s and 50s is astonishing . "  You expect a pristine brain . I saw a brain that was riddled with tau proteins . I was stunned at how similar that brain was to the boxers who lived into their 70s , " she said . Tau proteins are the same type of proteins found in brains of Alzheimer 's patients . But to see the same type of damage in 17-year-old Nathan Stiles ' brain was something that surprised even McKee . It 's the youngest case she 's documented , and for her that was a call to action . "  It tells you that we 've really got to protect our kids , " she said . "  It 's not just car seats and seatbelts , but it 's making sure that when they go out to play sports that we take proper precaution and we give them proper advice . " And that means making sure that athletes take the time to recover from concussions , and making sure they are n't playing symptomatic , while having headaches or memory problems . For Ron and Connie Stiles , the findings and the warnings were too late to save their son . But Ron knows that Nathan 's legacy will live on as researchers learn more about concussions and how to treat them . "  I think there are some issues that need to be looked at , and I think that 's happening , " he said . "  And I think that Nathan is helping that . "	Nathan Stiles was the youngest reported case of chronic traumatic encephalopathy The degenerative disease is found in athletes who get repeated blows to the head VA Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy Brain Bank examines injuries
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama in a speech Tuesday addressed the controversy surrounding his former minister , using it as an opportunity to challenge Americans to take a closer look at race relations . Speaking at Philadelphia 's National Constitution Center , the Democratic presidential candidate said he rejected racially charged comments made by the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , but he tried to explain the root of those remarks . Wright recently retired as pastor of Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago , where the senator from Illinois worships . Some of Wright 's old sermons came under fire after a news report last week turned some of his most controversial comments into a YouTube phenomenon . In one , the minister said America had brought the September 11 attacks upon itself . In another , he said Sen. Hillary Clinton had an advantage over Obama because she is white . Speaking before a relatively small , diverse crowd , Obama emphasized his upbringing as "  the son of a black man from Kenya and a white woman from Kansas . " CNN 's political team weighs in on Obama 's speech " Unlike many of Obama 's campaign events -- where he generally appears onstage backed by an overflow crowd of supporters -- this time Obama took the stage alone , backed by a row of U.S. flags . "  I will never forget that in no other country on Earth is my story even possible , " he said . "  It 's a story that has n't made me the most conventional candidate . But it is a story that has seared into my genetic makeup the idea that this nation is more than the sum of its parts -- that out of many , we are truly one . " Watch Obama address the racial divide " Obama 's speech was greeted with a handful of responses . Some shouted , "  You 're so right , " and "  That 's the truth . " But his relatively subdued demeanor seemed to be mostly reflected in the crowd as well , with most of the reaction limited to polite applause . The senator mostly has avoided focusing on race during his campaign . His speech comes after spending the weekend on the defensive over his former minister 's statements . His biggest challenge Tuesday was similar to that faced by former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney when he gave a speech during his GOP presidential run to reach voters unfamiliar with his Mormon faith : Obama was looking to explain his church and its worldview to voters aware only of Wright 's headline-grabbing comments . Obama admitted he had sat in church and heard his former minister make controversial remarks . "  Did I strongly disagree with many of his political views ? Absolutely -- just as I 'm sure many of you have heard remarks from your pastors , priests or rabbis with which you strongly disagreed . " The remarks that caused the most recent firestorm "  were not only wrong but divisive , divisive at a time when we need unity , " Obama said . Watch African-Americans react to Obama speech " Obama said that if he knew Wright only through clips played on television and YouTube , he also would see a reason to distance himself from the minister . "  But the truth is that is n't all that I know of the man , " he said . "  As imperfect as he may be , he has been like family to me , " Obama said after describing his experience at Trinity United . Obama insisted he was not trying to justify Wright 's comments , but drew a parallel between the minister 's remarks and those made by Clinton supporters such as Geraldine Ferraro . "  The fact is that the comments that have been made and the issues that have surfaced over the last few weeks reflect the complexities of race in this country that we 've never really worked through -- a part of our union that we have yet to perfect , " he said , describing the resentment felt by many African-Americans of Wright 's generation , who experienced segregation and systemic discrimination . "  That anger is not always productive ; indeed , all too often it distracts attention from solving real problems , " he said . "  But the anger is real ; it is powerful ; and to simply wish it away , to condemn it without understanding its roots , only serves to widen the chasm of misunderstanding that exists between the races . " Clinton and her campaign have publicly steered clear of any criticism of Obama over the issue , saying it 's one for him to address . At an event at Philadelphia City Hall a short time after Obama 's speech , the senator from New York said that she had n't had a chance to see or read his remarks , but that she was "  glad that he gave it . It 's an important topic . " "  Issues of race and gender have been complicated through our history and have been complicated in this campaign , " she said , adding that there had been "  detours and pitfalls " throughout the primary season . Obama wrote most of the speech himself , according to his campaign . Obama was not , as some reports placed him , in attendance the day Wright delivered the well-publicized comments , according to his campaign . But it has been difficult for the senator to distance himself completely from the retired minister of the church where he has worshipped for two decades . The title of Obama 's 2006 book , "  The Audacity of Hope , " came from a sermon delivered by Wright , who officiated the senator 's wedding , baptized both of his children and was a spiritual adviser to his presidential campaign until Friday . Obama 's recent move to distance himself from Wright has been lauded by some of his supporters -- and criticized by others , including black ministers who felt he had abandoned Wright . Tuesday 's speech was a balancing act for the senator , who needed to take into consideration the views of these backers along with those of many white , working-class voters he has struggled to woo . The latter may be decisive in next month 's Pennsylvania primary , and their support would be vital if Obama were to become the Democratic nominee . He made a direct appeal to that demographic Tuesday amid some polls that suggest the controversy may be hurting his effort in Pennsylvania . He told his audience that "  to wish away the resentments of white Americans , to label them as misguided or even racist , without recognizing they are grounded in legitimate concerns -- this too widens the racial divide and blocks the path to understanding . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , Mike Roselli and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	Sen. Barack Obama : "  This nation is more than the sum of its parts " Obama says his former pastor "  has been like family to me " Obama has been on defensive after controversial remarks from ex-minister Senator tries to take control of campaign narrative after days of tough headlines
CNN  Picture a mix of your favorite movie car chase and a trip to the zoo . Two llamas were on the loose in Sun City , Arizona , Thursday , with TV cameras following them as law enforcement closed in . Of course , it did n't take long before Twitter joined in the hunt . #Llamas became a trending topic worldwide . The chase began after a 911 call came in to the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office just before noon , reporting that a black llama and a white llama had escaped from an assisted living facility , where they were about to do patient therapy work . Lt. Brandon Jones said the llamas darted between cars , delaying traffic . It took nearly an hour to catch them , CNN affiliate KNXV reported . Cable news and social media go all in on #LlamaWatch In the meantime , hundreds of thousands of tweets chimed in on the topic . NFL Network reporter Jeff Darlington could n't contain his excitement . The Tampa Bay Buccaneers were impressed with the white llama 's dodging skills . The Arizona Cardinals also saw a recruiting opportunity , posting that the llamas would soon be joining the football team 's lineup . ABC news anchor Tom Llamas said he was recusing himself from covering the story . The chase sent CNN 's Steve Brusk down memory lane . The Daily Beast 's Asawin Suebsaeng noted that it was only a matter of time before someone blamed President Barack Obama for what happened . The official Twitter account of the North American Aerospace Defense Command and the United States Northern Command weighed in with an analysis of the llamas ' motives . By Thursday night , there was already a sequel to the chase . Police said two more llamas were on the loose in Vancouver , Washington . On Twitter , some joked it was a sign there could be something more serious afoot . But in Washington , the llamas were found before CNN affiliate KPTV 's chopper made it to the scene . In Arizona , citizens helped capture the llamas , who were on the way home Thursday afternoon , Jones said . "  Needless to say , they are on their way back to the ranch , " the lieutenant said . "  There was no therapy . " The Twitterverse begged to differ . Karen Freund and Bub Bullis said their afternoon was anything but relaxing . They told CNN Phoenix affiliate KTVK they never expected their white llama , Kanita , and black llama , Lainey , to make a run for it at the retirement home on Thursday . Alejandro , a third llama they 'd brought with them for the demonstration , stayed put . "  They were having a lot of fun today , but we were n't . We were totally stressed out , " said Freund , who was wearing an "  I love llamas " T-shirt and llama earrings as she recounted the ordeal to the station . Bullis said the chase lasted for hours -- until a landscaper with a lasso came to the rescue . It 's not the first time they 've had to chase down a suspect . The llamas ' owners are both retired police officers . "  I have run after people before , " Bullis said , "  but never that fast . " Now , with their llamas ' whereabouts pinned down , they 're starting to enjoy the Internet frenzy . "  It 's pretty funny to have our llamas get loose in Sun City and get this kind of attention , " Bullis said . Freund told KTVK she 's already taken an online quiz to find out whether she 's a black or white llama . "  I was the black llama , " she said , laughing . "  I do n't know who has the time to put that together . " Sports world goes crazy for llamas on the loose CNN 's Sam Stringer , Steve Almasy and Shane Deitert contributed to this report .	Llama owner : "  They were having a lot of fun today , but we were n't " Two llamas escape from an assisted living facility in Arizona TV cameras follow the chase , spurring reactions on Twitter
Suicide continues to plague the American military , with an estimated 18 war veterans in the United States ending their lives each day . One of the last resorts for veterans struggling with the return to civilian life is a suicide-prevention hot line based in upstate New York . The humble offices of the Veterans Crisis Line in Canandaigua , New York , are like any other office space : desks , computers , telephones . But as you walk past each cubicle , you begin to hear extraordinarily disturbing conversations . "  I have a .45 pointed at my head , " one caller says . "  Can you put that knife away for a bit while we talk ? Can you do that for me ? Can you hold off just for a little bit ? " a hot line worker asks . "  What sort of weapons do you have ? " another calmly responds . The men and women who answer the Veterans Crisis Line phones are on the front lines of an all-out war on suicide . Each speaks to the caller with a very clear purpose : keep the person on the phone long enough to get help . "  The first thing I say to a caller when they do have the object that they plan on killing themselves with them on their person , whether it 's a loaded gun on their lap or the rope already strung , I always say to them , ` Can you agree to not shoot yourself , take your pills , get up on the ladder while we 're on the phone ? ' " explained Maureen McHenry , a crisis line responder . The responders are part investigator , part therapist and part best friend . "  We never ever give up on a rescue . Whenever a vet needs help , we will do whatever it takes to find him if he ca n't tell us where he is . Whatever it takes to get them help , " said Rob Griffo , a health tech at the Veterans Crisis Line . In 2011 , the U.S. Army recorded 246 cases of confirmed or potential suicides among active-duty and reserve soldiers , according to statistics released in November . That number appears to be below the 2010 level of 305 for the full 12 months but above the second-highest year : 2009 , which had 242 suicides . The U.S. Marines have recorded 28 confirmed suicides and 163 attempted suicides this year through October . Current numbers were not available for the U.S. Navy , Air Force and National Guard . Those three branches reported suicides among service members in 2010 to be 39 , 100 and 112 , respectively . The numbers illustrate a small segment of the continuing emotional and physical toll of 10 years of war in Afghanistan and Iraq and how it defies a host of efforts by the government to detect and solve the problem of suicide . The Veterans Administration launched the Veterans Crisis Line in 2007 , and close to 20,000 veterans have been rescued , officials say . "  We 've taken over half a million calls , and 30,000 chats have come into the system , " said Janet Kemp , the national director of the Veterans Crisis Line . In addition to calling the hot line at 1-800-273-8255 , veterans who are thinking about taking their own lives can chat with a responder at www.veteranscrisisline.net . Veterans can also reach out for help by sending a text to 838255 . And it 's not just about the veterans . Active-duty soldiers also call in . "  We have had several thousand active-duty people who have called , but we suspect many more , because it 's anonymous . We think that there are many more active-duty people who call and use our services , " Kemp said . Families and friends can call in to the hot line as well . Kemp says she encourages those who know a veteran who may be struggling with depression to reach out to the crisis line . She says some of the warning signs that someone is contemplating suicide include "  talking about death more often , starting to give away their possessions , saying things  like ` I  probably wo n't be around by Christmas . I wo n't need to know that next year . ' " "  If you hear those and know that they 're depressed or trouble with work or families , certainly give us a call , " Kemp said . While the responders handle the incoming calls to the hot line , health techs alert police departments and ambulances across the country to get help to veterans trying to take their own lives . During a recent visit to the Veterans Crisis Line office , one veteran told responder Valerie Beaman that he planned to kill himself with a large knife to end what he called pain issues . "  When she talked to him further , he said that had taken all of his medication , " said Melissa Morellaro , a crisis line health tech . Beaman spent 45 minutes on the phone with the caller , trying to figure out exactly where the man was and then getting help to his front door . At one point , the veteran was so confused that he did n't know his address , presumably because of all the pills he had taken . "  Where 's your wife now ? She 's at work ? Can I send somebody to help you ? OK , I think that 's what I 'm going to do . I think you want help . You called the hot line . And that 's the best thing , " Beaman told the veteran . When police arrived , there was problem . "  I could hear the struggle , but I do n't think they knew I was there . They did say he 's safe , and the officers were safe , " Beaman said . The responders are flying blind most of the time . They ultimately have no idea what is happening on the other end of the phone . The anxiety is excruciating . A short time later , a Korean War veteran called the hot line , saying he was ready to end his life . "  So you said as soon as we get off the phone , you 're going to take some pills ? Is that all you plan on doing ? " McHenry asked . The veteran told McHenry his wife died this year . "  He had been married for 20 years . ... He called simply to give me a message to give to his family about funeral arrangements and that he wanted to be buried with a photograph of her , " McHenry said . She began to ask simple questions to deduce a location . In just a few minutes , she knew his race , his age , what he was wearing and that he was at a pay phone on the Staten Island Ferry dock . In less than 15 minutes , police arrived to help . At least one life was saved that night .	The Veterans Crisis Line was launched in 2007 Dispatchers have saved 20,000 lives , according to the director Veterans and their loved ones can call 1-800-273-8255 or text 838255 They can also chat with a responder at www.veteranscrisisline.net
ATHENS , Greece  CNN  -- Authorities vowed to re-impose order after demonstrators rose up across Greece Monday in a third day of rioting over Saturday 's killing of a 15-year-old boy that has left dozens injured and scores of properties destroyed . An undated photo of Alexandros Grigoropoulos , whose death has sparked riots across Greece . "  Under no circumstances will the government accept what is occurring , " said Greek Interior Minister Prokopis Pavlopoulos . "  We will do what is necessary . " It was unclear what would be necessary to placate the demonstrators . "  We 've just lost count of how many demonstrations are taking place now , " a police spokesman in Athens told CNN . Police said 34 civilians and 16 police officers were injured Monday in rioting that spread into new municipalities , including Trikala , Larissam and Veria . Riots broke out Saturday in Thessaloniki and Athens , where police killed the teen . Watch the latest report on the rioting " Demonstrators had torched three government buildings and three offices of the ruling conservative political party in downtown Athens , a National Fire Brigade spokesman told Greek state television . Watch as iReporter witnesses the clashes Thirty-five cars and 160 trash containers also had been set ablaze , he said . See images of anarchy on Greek streets " Demonstrators Monday barricaded streets in Athens and Thessaloniki and hurled gasoline bombs as they battled with police . Clouds of tear gas hung over the capital city as riot police continued to battle the hundreds of young self-styled anarchists rioting over the boy 's death . "  Rage is what I feel for what has happened , rage , and that this cop who did it must see what it is to kill a kid and to destroy a life , " a student in Athens told reporters Monday . Watch protesters clash with police " In a nationally televised address broadcast on state television , Greek Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis condemned the violence and promised to punish those responsible for Saturday 's shooting . He also announced a decision to drop plans to reimburse business owners affected by the rioting . The police officer who fired the fatal shot has been charged with "  manslaughter with intent " and suspended from duty , police said , adding that a second police officer was arrested Saturday on criminal accessory charges . Government officials have condemned the shooting . "  An investigation is under way and those found responsible will be punished , " said Pavlopoulos . "  Measures will also be taken to avoid such incidents again in the future . " iReport.com : Are you there ? Share photos , video of rioting On Monday , authorities conducted an autopsy on the teenage boy in an effort to answer questions about the circumstances of the shooting , but the boy 's family has called in their own investigators to verify state findings , the Athens coroner told CNN . The U.S. and British embassies issued warnings to employees and tourists on Sunday , instructing them to avoid downtown Athens and other major cities until rioting subsides . Tourists in central Athens hotels were advised by hotel staff not to leave their rooms as police fanned out across the city . "  There are lots of burning bins and debris in the street and a huge amount of tear gas in the air , which we got choked with on the way back to our hotel , " according to Joel Brown , a CNN senior press officer visiting Athens on Sunday . A police statement about the teenage boy 's death said the incident started when six young protesters pelted a police patrol car with stones . The teen was shot as he tried to throw a petrol bomb at the officers , police said . Other angry teens converged on the site almost immediately . Fighting between youths and police erupted elsewhere , including Thessaloniki , the country 's second-largest city . Hundreds of young people took to the streets of the sprawling port city , finally barricading themselves behind the gates of a state university . Authorities have been barred from entering university grounds since tanks crushed a 1973 student uprising protesting the ruling military junta . It was not clear what authorities would do about the demonstrators still holed up at the university . No deaths have been reported since Saturday . Police said Monday that 20 protesters had been rounded up for questioning . Journalist Anthee Carassava in Athens contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities vow to re-impose order as rioting enters third day NEW : Police say 34 civilians , 16 police officers injured Monday in rioting Protests exploded after police shoot dead a teenage boy in Athens Government says investigation into shooting is under way
EW.com  -- "  Star Trek " helmer J.J. Abrams told EW in November that he would n't be taking the reins of another intergalactic franchise : Disney 's upcoming "  Star Wars " extension . But a new interview in Empire Magazine reveals that initially , Abrams did entertain the idea of putting his stamp on "  Star Wars . " The "  Lost " creator said that he and Kathleen Kennedy , the series 's new overseer , had "  very early conversations " about how he might be involved in "  Star Wars : Episode VII 's " development . Ultimately , though , the longtime Lucas trilogy admirer decided against picking up a lightsaber of his own . "  I quickly said that because of my loyalty to ` Star Trek , ' and also just being a fan , I would n't even want to be involved in the next version of those things , " Abrams told Empire . "  I declined any involvement very early on . I 'd rather be in the audience not knowing what was coming , rather than being involved in the minutiae of making them . " Fair enough . Abrams has made no secret of his affection for "  Star Wars . " By contrast , he had no such nostalgic attachment to "  Star Trek " before signing on to direct it -- which may have made it easier for him to revamp that franchise . "  Little Miss Sunshine " screenwriter Michael Arndt has already signed on to pen "  Episode VII , " which is scheduled to hit theaters in 2015 . "  X-Men : First Class " director Matthew Vaughn was rumored to be in talks for the film last month ; since we know Abrams is out of the picture , confirmation of Vaughn 's â $ " or another director 's â $ " involvement may come soon . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	J.J. Abrams said he chose not to be involved with "  Star Wars : Episode VII " Abrams has made no secret of his affection for "  Star Wars " However , he had no such attachment to "  Star Trek " before signing on to direct it
When the rocket scientist Yvonne Brill died in March , The New York Times celebrated her as the maker of a "  mean beef stroganoff " and "  the world 's best mother . " When my 4-year-old daughter , Ellie , a wildly creative and interesting girl , finished a year of preschool last week , her teachers gave her an award for being the best dressed . A few years ago at my son 's preschool camp award ceremony , I sat silently as well-meaning counselors called each child forward . Girls : best hair , best clothes , best friend , best helper and best artist . Boys : best runner , best climber , best builder and best thrower . My son won best soccer player . In general , girls received awards for their personalities and appearance and boys for their actions and physical attributes . It was similar at my daughter 's ceremony , where the teacher told us that all the children were so excited to see what award they would receive ; it had obviously been built up as a big deal . The gender disparity was subtle but present . A boy received best engineer . A girl got best friend . Another girl was the best helper , and another most compassionate . A boy received best break dancer . A girl was named most athletic , and the teacher told us how when all the class raced around the track this girl "  beat everyone ! Even the boys ! " And then my daughter got her certificate , showing her in a funky orange sweater , tight pants , and holding a bowling ball . Her award -- best dressed . Many decades after the feminist movement of the 1960s , why are we still stuck in this gender-norming rut ? More : CNN 's ` Girl Rising ' The truth is that my daughter may well be the best dressed in her class . She has a terrific sense of style . One day she put on a hand-me-down Disney princess outfit , looked in the mirror and said , "  OK Dad , I 'm ready to dig for worms ! " Another day , she went to school in a pink dress , green rain boots and a viking helmet . I frequently come home to find her in a pirate costume . She 's practical and became outraged when she discovered that her "  girl jeans " turned out to have fake pockets . "  Daddy , " she said , "  Where am I going to put my pine cones ? " If she 's the best dressed , it 's because of her creativity . Sometimes , I find the prospect of raising a girl to be terrifying . The forces of patriarchy conspire to render girls weak , subordinate and sexually objectified . When we respond to infants by gendering our speech , strong for boys and lilting for girls , we immediately start to shape their interactions with the world . More : Christiane Amanpour 's open letter to girls of the world I would once have said nothing was worse than the conspicuous consumption mantras of Barbie or the female-subjugation messaging of Disney , but then I encountered the hyper-sexualized elementary-school girls called Bratz . And then there 's underwear . Boys mostly get superheroes and girls get hearts and flowers , but at least Dora is an explorer . All too soon Ellie will encounter the world of Justin Bieber nightgowns and Victoria 's Secret underwear for tweens . The teenage years with the new dangers of sex , alcohol , eating disorders and more will arrive before we know it . I ca n't save her from all of this , and anyway we buy into purity culture  the notion that only a father 's constant surveillance can save our daughters  at our peril and the peril of our daughters . Our daughters need to be strong , not closeted and coddled . We have to arm them with the tools to question , resist and change our patriarchal culture . Ellie 's teacher is the kind of smart and strong young woman I want as a role model for my daughter  she 's also a really snappy dresser  , and I know she was only trying to make the transition moment special for each student . She absolutely intended to celebrate the way Ellie expresses her creativity through clothes . But gender stereotypes are , by their very nature , pernicious . They creep into our minds , shaping our perceptions of the world on a subconscious level , tricking us into betraying our values . Our culture constantly projects the message that only appearances matter , and this message is aimed squarely at our children . We can fight this only by working against the grain , resisting gendered language and emphasizing the internal over the external . If my daughter 's creativity shines through in her choice of clothing , then celebrate both that creativity and the critical thinking that lies at the heart of all creative acts with a most creative award . Or we could just let Ellie tell us what she wants us to celebrate . When she picked up her award , she beamed at the picture of herself holding the bowling ball so proudly . "  Daddy ! " she said , "  I won best bowler ! "	David Perry : At preschool , daughter named best dressed ; prizes ran along gender lines He says gender stereotyping starts with the way we talk to girls as babies He says Disney princesses , sexy clothes , dolls point girls at sexual subjugation , weakness Perry : Resist stereotypes , arm girls to question and change patriarchal culture
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Joshua Miller trotted off the football field after making a special-teams play and headed to the bench . Automated external defibrillators are increasingly available in public places , including airports and malls . Louis Acompora manned his lacrosse goal , blocked a shot with his chest and prepared to make a play on the ball in his first high school game . Within seconds , each teen collapsed . In both cases , coaches , medical personnel and parents rushed to the boys , figuring they were dehydrated , had had the wind knocked out of them or had suffered a concussion . Before they realized the boys were in cardiac arrest , both were dead . Two 14-year-old boys . Two lives that could have been saved , their parents said , with one solution : an automated external defibrillator . If a defibrillator had been nearby , "  there is no doubt in my mind Louis would be alive today , " said Louis ' dad , John Acompora . Eight years after their sons died , Acompora and his wife , Karen , and Ken and Jerri Miller have made it their mission to make sure other parents do n't suffer the same wrenching loss . The couples successfully lobbied in their home states of Ohio and New York to pass laws mandating defibrillators in schools . Now , these two families have joined cardiologist Dr. Terry Gordon and lawmakers to push for a bill in the U.S. House of Representatives to mandate federal funding for defibrillators in primary and secondary schools across the nation . The automated external defibrillator is a portable , self-contained machine that can shock the heart back into rhythm . The device comes with complete audio instructions . In most cases , you 'll hear it tell you to remove the person 's clothes and place the electrode patches in specific locations . Statistics show more than 200,000 Americans die of sudden cardiac arrest every year , according to the American Heart Association . Up to 50,000 of these deaths could have been prevented , the association said , if someone had initiated what the group calls the Cardiac Chain of Survival and a defibrillator had been available . In a study presented last fall at the annual heart association meeting , a team of heart experts from Johns Hopkins University reported evidence that at least 522 lives can be saved annually in the United States and Canada by the widespread placement of automated external defibrillators . U.S. Rep. Betty Sutton , an Ohio Democrat , introduced a measure in Congress named for young Miller that would establish a grant program to help schools nationwide afford defibrillators . "  The availability of automatic external defibrillators can be the difference between life and death when an individual goes into sudden cardiac arrest , " she said . "  Schools are central gathering places in our communities , and placing AEDs in our schools will not only potentially save the lives of students enrolled there , but they will be available for teachers and staff , parents and volunteers , and the many other members of the community who pass through our schools every single day . " Gordon joined the cause after seeing videotape of Miller 's tragic death . "  It was the most sickening thing in the world , " Gordon said . "  In that normally boisterous stadium you could hear a pin drop -- except for his mother wailing . " Gordon is making it his goal to try and re-educate people on the importance of the lifesaving devices . "  When someone collapses from a cardiac arrest , their heart starts to quiver , and unless immediately shocked , they 'll die , " he said . Calling 911 and waiting for paramedics is not enough , he said . Gordon said the average response time is eight to 12 minutes . "  If you do the math , for every minute that they are lying there , the chances -LSB- of survival -RSB- decrease , " he said . "  That 's why only a precious few survive . " One of the big fears that many people have about defibrillators , Gordon said , is that they will hurt someone by using the machine . But in fact , the defibrillator wo n't automatically shock anyone . Once placed on the patient , the defibrillator analyzes the heartbeat and wo n't deliver a shock if one is not medically needed . The device may prompt the rescuer to begin CPR . If a shock is needed , the machine instructs the person using it to stand clear . After the first jolt , it will continue to analyze the patient 's heartbeat to see whether more shocks are needed . For every minute a person is n't shocked , his or her chance of survival drops 10 percent , Gordon said . With CPR alone , that survival rate improves , but use of a defibrillator can be as much as 10 times more effective , he said . Studies have shown the devices can be used safely by anyone -- even children . Gordon said in one study where paramedics and seventh-graders were trained on the machine , the students only took 29 seconds longer to figure out how to use them . One of the biggest concerns people have is that there is a liability if they try to use the defibrillator without training , but citizens are protected by the Good Samaritan law , Gordon said . The Acompora and Miller families believe defibrillators at their children 's schools could have changed their lives . Because the biggest problem in stocking schools with defibrillators is funding , the bill before the House would require the federal government to match funds for the devices . Defibrillators cost about $ 1,500 . "  What 's a life worth ? " Ken Miller asked . John Acompora said the answer is in the number of people whose lives have been saved because of the devices being in schools . "  You 're asking the wrong person if this is a worthwhile device , " he said . "  That morning I would have given everything to have owned one . " E-mail to a friend	Parents of two teens who died of cardiac arrest push for defibrillators in all schools Automated external defibrillators can shock the heart back into rhythm Bill introduced in U.S. House to require defibrillators in public schools
CNN  -- At first glance the Eurovision Song Contest may seem like any old talent show . Singers perform live on TV , the public and special juries vote , and at the end of the night a star is born . But do n't call this "  X Factor " or "  American Idol " . This is reality TV on steroids . Every year around 40 nations from Spain to Azerbaijan field a musical act , each singing an original song in front of a huge television audience . As part of the European festival of kitsch , some contestants sashay across the stage in barely-there dresses , and shriek into wind machines with the force of hurricanes . Pyrotechnics , fire , and massive LED screens are de rigeur . It 's a big draw . In 2013 more than 180 million viewers in 45 countries tuned in to the action . This year 's final takes place on May 10 in Copenhagen , Denmark . Although officials describe Eurovision as a non-political event meant to unite Europe through song , politics inevitably colors the voting and the performances . William Lee Adams , a Eurovision expert and the editor-in-chief of Wiwibloggs.com , the popular Eurovision website , has been in Denmark for the buildup since late April . "  Eurovision is about music , but it 's also about identity and nation branding , " he says . "  The artists and their songs become symbols of the countries they represent . " This year is no different . Tensions over Crimea are already coloring the perception of acts from Russia and Ukraine . During the semi-finals on May 6 , some of the audience inside Copenhagen 's B&W Hallerne booed the Russian act , a pair of 17-year-old twins called The Tolmachevy Sisters . "  Months of frustration over Russia 's illegal annexation of Crimea and Putin 's anti-LGBT laws have left Europeans angry , " Adams says . "  The booing was a release , a statement of solidarity with Ukraine and Russia 's sexual minorities . " It does n't help that Russia 's love song features lyrics that some see as hinting at a border incursion : " ... living on the edge , closer to the crime , cross the line , one step at a time ... maybe there 's a day you 'll be mine . " In the past , Russia has relied on support from voters in the former Soviet bloc . Those votes seem less certain this year . Russia 's loss could be Ukraine 's gain . Mariya Yaremchuk , this year 's Ukrainian act , will sing a song about love called "  Tick-Tock . " Her act features a man running inside a giant hamster wheel . The act is not explicitly political , but in press conferences Yaremchuk has stressed that her goal is to show that art is stronger than politics , and that music lasts longer than warring politicians . It 's not all about Russia and Ukraine . During the semi-finals , the act from Poland featured women in traditional dress churning butter and washing clothes as a woman rapped about Slavic women : "  Cream and butter taste so good / We will prepare for you delicious food / Our beauty is famous all over the world / You got ta see it for yourself and then you will know . " "  Poland , one of Eastern Europe 's economic success stories , is celebrating its 10th anniversary in the European Union , " Adams says . "  Their song is a brilliant parody of Polish stereotypes , and a rebuke to all those who view Poland as backwards and behind-the-times . " In the past officials have disqualified songs with explicit political messages . In 2009 , the Republic of Georgia was forced to pull its entry "  We Do n't Wan na Put In . " It was a clear poke at Russia 's President Vladimir Putin in the wake of the 2008 South Ossetia War . Creative license allows other songs with political messages to slip through . In 2011 the Portuguese entry , which translated as "  The Struggle is the Joy , " was a call for Portuguese to fight against the government 's planned austerity measures . It became an anthem of protest during the financial crisis . Political leaders , particularly those in the East , see the Eurovision results as a matter of international standing . Last year , when Azerbaijan failed to give any points to its political ally Russia , the Azeri president ordered a vote recount and the foreign ministers of two countries convened a meeting in Moscow . Riding a wave of sympathy , Ukraine has emerged as one of the bookies favorites to win this year . That wo n't sit well with authorities in Moscow . Nor will the reality that televoters in Crimea may still be counted as Ukrainian by their mobile phone companies . "  When the points are counted and the hair extensions come off , one government is going to be very disappointed , " Adams says . "  This is n't just a song contest . It 's a battle in the war . " Opinion : The soft politics of Eurovision	The Eurovision Song Contest is one of the most watched non-sporting events in the world Every year around 40 nations from Spain to Azerbaijan participate in the competition This year tensions over Crimea could spillover into the contest In the past officials have disqualified songs with explicit political messages
CNN  -- A Chinese investor who had just bought a French vineyard is feared dead in a helicopter crash that killed his son and is thought also to have claimed the lives of an aide and the vineyard 's previous owner . Lam Kok had completed the purchase of Chateau de La Riviere in the Aquitaine region of southwest France on Thursday , the vineyard 's marketing manager , Thierry Disclyn , told CNN . On Friday , Kok introduced himself to all the employees , and at about 5 p.m. local time decided to tour the estate by helicopter , Disclyn said . The helicopter , which was also carrying the vineyard 's previous owner , James Gregoire , Kok 's 11-year-old son Charles , and a representative of Lam Kok , Peng Wang , crashed into the Dordogne River . Police have recovered the body of Charles Kok but are still searching for the other bodies , Disclyn said . According to the local Sud Ouest newspaper , about 30 police officers and a team of divers are engaged in the search , which resumed at 8 a.m. local time . Lam Kok is the head of the Brilliant group , which specializes in the luxury hotel market , Sud Ouest said . Kok wanted to turn the spectacular chateau building into a high-end resort and spa catering to wine enthusiasts , the newspaper said . The 60-hectare Chateau de La Riviere estate , in Fronsac , east of Bordeaux , had belonged to James Gregoire since 2003 . It was the largest of three vineyards owned by the Gregoire family in the region .	Chinese investor Lam Kok is feared dead in a helicopter crash in southwest France His son 's body has been recovered , but police continue to search for Kok and two others The vineyard 's previous owner , who 'd sold the estate to Kok on Thursday , was also aboard Kok wanted to tour the vineyard by helicopter , its marketing manager says
CNN  -- When the eye of the storm closes in most people head home -- but for surfers intent on riding out the waves of the winter storms it 's a different story . Europe may have escaped the icy touch of the "  Polar Vortex " which has ravished the U.S. but storms on the continent have rung in the new year with widespread flooding and disruption . For hardcore surfers this is a time of feast not famine ; they are having a swell time . The low pressure systems sweeping in off the Atlantic have had surfers chasing the so-called "  Black Swell , " with world class athletes travelling to the west coast of France to ride the waves blooming off the famous Belharra reef in Basque Country . American Shane Dorian packed his bags and hopped on a jet from Hawaii to join some of Europe 's top surfers , including Justine Dupont and Benjamin Sanchis , for a once in a lifetime chance to master the big Belharra swell . "  Belhara take me to your arms , " wrote Sanchis on his Facebook page , while Dorian quipped : "  paddled into a few at #Belharra today in the south of France . " Although the waters peaked during the night , Dorian and his cohorts were still able to enjoy a surf session at a spot where surfers normally need to be towed out to the colossal waves by jet skis . French 1998 World Cup winner Bixente Lizarazu , a keen surfer since hanging up his football boots , also took to the water at Belharra . On the west coast of Ireland , stormy weather and whopper waves attracted a huddle of surfers to sweet surf spot Mullaghmore Head . Across the water , the U.K. has battened down the hatches against high winds and heavy rain but even in the comparatively smaller waves lapping the British coast intrepid surfers ignored the safety advice of the Met Office to brave the waters . It seems if the surf 's up then the hardcore ride wavers are out are amongst it .	Surfers travel from around the world to ride the waves caused by recent European storms The low pressure system has caused the so-called "  Black Swell " French surf hot spot Belharra was a magnet for surfers The stormy waters in the U.K. and Ireland have also attracted surfers
