CNN  -- If inviting a couple of hundred of your nearest and dearest to your wedding sounds like a big gathering , then you are probably not getting married in Nigeria . The country 's extravagant celebration culture often sees up to 1,000 people coming together to toast the happy couple at a lavish party whose every detail has been meticulously planned months in advance . Now , a wave of new startups is looking to tap into the booming industry and provide services especially tailored to the needs of the country 's large-scale marriage celebrations . From wedding planner schools to VIP mobile toilets equipped with flat screen TVs , CNN 's African Start-Up profiles six businesses which want to get a slice of Nigeria 's wedding industry cake . Illustration by Jason Kwok and Inez Torre , CNN .	In Nigeria , it is not unusual to see 1,000 people attending a wedding The industry has given rise to a wave of new start-ups From wedding planning schools to VIP mobile toilets , CNN profiles businesses getting in on the action
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian conservatives have said they captured most of the 82 parliamentary seats up for grabs in Friday 's runoff election . An Iranian girl drops her mother 's ballot for the parliamentary runoff election . Conservatives took about 80 percent of the parliamentary seats , official Mohammad Forouzandeh told the country 's semi-official FARS news agency . "  The final results are not in yet , but so far , the fundamentalists have 53 seats , Reformists have 12 and the rest went to Independent candidates with fundamentalist tendencies , " he said . FARS also published the names of the 11 winners of the Tehran constituency . Ten were conservatives and one was a reformist . Iran 's official news agency , IRNA , reported that election results from 47 out of 54 had been finalized , and that the final count would be ready Saturday night . IRNA said voter participation in the second round was 8 percent higher than the second round of the previous election . Last month 's first round , in which 204 parliamentary races were settled , was a decisive victory for the hard-line conservatives . The reformists suffered a setback before the March election , when 70 percent of their candidates were disqualified . Iran 's conservative Guardian Council screened candidates and disqualified about 1,700 it deemed unsuitable . They were predominantly reformists . The Guardian Council is an unelected body of six high clerics appointed by supreme religious leaders and six lawyers nominated by the head of the judiciary branch . Iran is scheduled to hold its presidential election in the spring of 2009 . Ahmadinejad has not announced whether he will run for a second term . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Iranian conservatives say they captured most seats in parliamentary election Earlier contests seen as victory for Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Reformists suffered setback when 70 percent of their candidates were disqualified
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats say a House committee has found no evidence showing that top Justice Department officials were behind a gun-trafficking investigation that let hundreds of high-powered weapons reach Mexican drug cartels . The Republican head of the committee , meanwhile , accused the department of obstructing its probe of the botched operation and threatened Attorney General Eric Holder with contempt of Congress . Holder is expected to appear before the House Government Oversight and Reform Committee on Thursday . The panel has led a high-profile investigation into "  Operation Fast and Furious , " a gun probe run by federal agents in Arizona . It was one of several Phoenix-based operations intended to track the flow of illegally purchased American guns to the Mexican cartels -- but in practice , agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives allowed so-called straw buyers to take weapons across the border without being intercepted . In a report released Tuesday , the panel 's Democratic minority said no evidence was found that Justice Department bosses in Washington "  conceived or directed " the plan . Their report places blame for the widely criticized investigation on federal agents and prosecutors in Arizona . While there is no evidence that the U.S. attorney 's office in Phoenix or agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives "  acted with anything but a sincere intent to stem illegal firearms trafficking , " they "  created an obvious and inexcusable threat to public safety on both sides of the border " by allowing weapons to reach the cartels , the Democrats concluded . Republican Sen. Charles Grassley , one of the leading critics of the operation , dismissed the findings as "  a knee-jerk defense  of the DoJ  from their political allies in Congress . " And the Oversight Committee 's chairman , California GOP Rep. Darrell Issa , released a letter to Holder on Tuesday in which he repeats demands for Justice Department documents he says are needed to determine "  to what extent " the department "  has obstructed our work . " "  If the department continues to obstruct the congressional inquiry by not providing documents and information , this committee will have no alternative but to move forward with proceedings to hold you in contempt of Congress , " Issa wrote . A Justice Department official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN late Tuesday that the department "  has continuously worked with the committee in its requests for information . " Issa has hammered away at Holder during the course of the committee 's inquiry and accused Justice Department officials of misleading Congress ; Holder has slapped back by calling GOP allegations about the program "  inflammatory and inappropriate . " The operation came to light after the December 2010 killing of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry , when two AK-47 variants that were allowed to "  walk " under the program were found at the scene . It drew sharp criticism from top officials , who have long said U.S. weapons are fueling Mexico 's bloody drug war . The Justice Department initially denied that the ATF had let weapons cross the border , only to retract that statement as evidence of the botched probe mounted . Issa is calling for the Justice Department produce all related documents after that February 2011 letter . But Tuesday 's Democratic report states that Issa 's committee "  has obtained no evidence indicating that the attorney general authorized gun-walking or that he was aware of such allegations before they became public . " "  None of the 22 witnesses interviewed by the committee claims to have spoken with the attorney general about the specific tactics employed in Operation Fast and Furious prior to the public controversy , " the Democrats wrote . Justice Department records released Friday night showed that one of Holder 's top lieutenants , Criminal Division chief Lanny Breuer , and then-ATF Acting Director Kenneth Melson discussed whether illegal weapons could be intercepted in Mexico if U.S. and Mexican authorities worked together . Grassley pointed to that document Monday as evidence that Breuer knew about a gun-walking investigation as early as April 2010 and "  stood mute " as congressional investigators demanded records from the department . "  They ignored the warning signs and failed to put a stop to it or hold anyone accountable , " Grassley said in a statement on the Democratic report . The Justice Department 's independent inspector-general is conducting its own investigation of Fast and Furious , and President Barack Obama told ABC News in October that "  people who screwed up will be held accountable . "	NEW : Issa threatens Holder with contempt over gun probe A Democratic report blames agents in Arizona for Fast and Furious A top Republican critic calls it "  a knee-jerk defense " of Washington allies The botched investigation allowed hundreds of guns to reach Mexican drug gangs
Hong Kong is in the midst of its longest series of political protests since the 1997 handover . Pro-democracy activists say they are making good on a long-threatened vow to try and paralyze the city 's financial district -- a key business hub for the region and beyond -- through sit-ins and civil disobedience . Clashes between students and police this weekend have been the most heated in a long summer of anti-Beijing protests . Dozens have been reported injured by authorities . Their goal is to pressure China into giving the former British colony full universal suffrage . Beijing has so far refused to cede ground on its stance , setting the scene for growing , and more intense , clashes . Here are five things to know about Hong Kong as political tensions ratchet up : 1 . It 's not just another Chinese city A city of towering skyscrapers on China 's southeastern tip , Hong Kong is home to 7 million people . When the city was returned to China in 1997 a deal was struck promising "  a high degree of autonomy " to Hong Kong under a formula dubbed "  One Country , Two Systems . " The city 's Basic Law or "  mini-constitution " has allowed the city to carry on with its own legal and financial system and Hong Kong enjoys civil liberties unseen in mainland China such as an independent judiciary , freedom of the press and the right to protest . It also states that "  universal suffrage " is the ultimate aim for Hong Kong but it does not give a timetable or detail how political reform should take shape . Currently , Hong Kong 's leader , known as the chief executive , is elected by a 1,200-strong committee stacked with Beijing loyalists . 2 . People are fed up Surveys show that the government 's approval rating is sinking , while distrust of China 's central government in Beijing is at its highest level since the handover . Discontent , especially among the young , is driven by a widening wealth gap and many resent the influx of free-spending mainland Chinese visitors to the city who buy up everything from apartments to baby milk formula . A survey released on September 21 said that one in five people were considering emigrating . The latest wave of protests came after Beijing in August rejected demands for people to freely choose the city 's next leader in 2017 . Pro-democracy groups responded by unleashing threats to disrupt the city 's Central financial district -- where many big banks and other businesses are located -- in a campaign known as "  Occupy Central . " Democracy supporters come from a broad cross section of society including students , religious leaders , university professors and financial professionals . After months of forewarning , Occupy Central began formally on Sunday , with thousands of protesters , many wearing eye and clothing protection , beginning a sit in around government buildings . Supporters want to force discussions , and even concessions , over Beijing 's influence on Hong Kong . 17-year-old Hong Kong student prepares for democracy 3 . Not everyone supports the protests Pro-Beijing groups like "  The Silent Majority for Hong Kong " say the activists will "  endanger Hong Kong " and create chaos . They have held their own rallies against Occupy Central and ran advertising campaigns in local media to highlight their fears . The biggest rally , on August 17 , was attended by thousands , although questions were raised about its legitimacy amid reports that marchers were paid to show up . Businesses fear that any campaign targeting the city 's financial district will harm Hong Kong 's reputation as a safe and stable place to do business . An opinion poll conducted this month by Chinese University said that 46 % did not support the Occupy Central campaign , while 31 % backed the civil disobedience movement . 4 . China thinks Hong Kong is "  confused " Beijing , in a policy document released in June , said that Hong Kong does not enjoy "  full autonomy " and residents are "  confused or lopsided in their understanding " of "  One Country , Two Systems . " The rhetoric indicates that Beijing is unlikely to budge on its prescription for electoral reform in the city . Li Fei , a senior Chinese official , suggested that screening candidates was necessary to ensure the chief executive "  loves China , loves Hong Kong and will safeguard the country 's sovereignty , security and development interests . " China has also sought to blame the pro-democracy opposition in Hong Kong on interference by Britain and the United States . All eyes are on Beijing and how it will respond to the growing waves of protests . The central government is in a tricky situation of not being able to be seen as backing down on its stance but at the same time needing to be wary over the use of force and the implications of doing so . 5 . The government says Hong Kong should accept deal on offer The Hong Kong government says its people should accept the deal on electoral reform offered by Beijing . The new framework will allow Hong Kong 's 5 million registered voters to select their leader , although candidates must be approved by a committee similar to the one that selected the city 's top official in 2012 . Critics say that this means only candidates favored by Beijing will appear on the ballot , but Hong Kong 's current chief executive , C.Y. Leung , writing in an op ed for CNN , says that this is not the case . "  We have not even started to discuss the detailed but crucial aspects of the nominating process for potential chief executive candidates , " he writes . "  Raw emotion -- for or against the proposed political reform -- will get us nowhere . "	Pro-democracy activists launch a campaign to "  occupy " the city 's financial district Their goal is to pressure China into giving the former British colony full universal suffrage Not everyone shares the activists goal but many residents are unhappy China says that Hong Kong does not enjoy "  full autonomy "
CNN  -- Singer Adam Levine has married an Angel -- of the Victoria 's Secret variety , that is . According to reports , the Maroon 5 frontman and "  The Voice " coach wed model Behati Prinsloo in Mexico on Saturday . The nuptials took place in front of more than 200 guests following a pre-wedding beach party the night before , People magazine reports . CNN has reached out for comment to Levine 's rep. The couple , who began dating in 2012 , officially announced their engagement in July . "  She 's the coolest person in the world , " Levine , 35 , recently said of Prinsloo in GQ magazine . As the newest "  Sexiest Man Alive , " Levine was aware of his reputation as a ladies ' man with a preference for models . But he told GQ , "  I do n't date what the person does ... I date the f ***** g person , " he said . "  I could have been a zitty teenager and walked into a Tower Records , and we would have talked about Pearl Jam , and we would have fallen in love when we were 15 . And that 's when you know . It 's like , oh , my God , game over . " According to People , Levine and Prinsloo exchanged vows in front of celebrity guests that included Robert Downey Jr. , model Coco Rocha and Levine 's Maroon 5 bandmates James Valentine and Jesse Carmichael .	Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo reportedly wed Saturday The couple is said to have tied the knot in Mexico They began dating in 2012 and officially announced their engagement in July
CNN  -- Residents of the Atchafalaya Basin in south-central Louisiana , already urged to evacuate , late Thursday awaited a formal decision on whether a spillway will be opened , sending millions of gallons of floodwaters their way . The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is measuring the current flow of the Mississippi River at a river landing , and once it reaches a specified volume and velocity the Mississippi River Commission may make a decision on the Morganza Spillway . The move would help divert water from Baton Rouge and New Orleans , but it would send a torrent down the Atchafalaya River , Gov. Bobby Jindal said . He has advised residents in southeastern Louisiana to evacuate their homes , urging , "  Do n't wait for the official notification . " Jindal said Thursday that state officials need several days after a Morganza decision to notify residents . A decision on the spillway 's opening could come between Saturday and Tuesday , officials said . The Corps , meanwhile , continued to analyze multiple Mississippi River scenarios , depending on whether the spillway is closed , open or partially open . The U.S. Coast Guard said floodwaters could close the Mississippi to ships at the port of New Orleans as early as Monday morning , according to a spokesman . Vicksburg , Mississippi , Police Chief Walter Armstrong said 600 residents had been evacuated as of Thursday night . The Mississippi is expected to crest May 19 at 57.5 feet . Armstrong said he expected higher water Friday , with more homes affected . More than two dozen roads were closed and about 45 businesses will be closed by Friday . Across the South and lower Midwest , floodwaters have covered about 3 million acres of farmland , eroding for many farmers what could have been a profitable year for corn , wheat , rice and cotton , officials said Thursday . In Arkansas , the Farm Bureau estimated that damage to the state 's agriculture could top more than $ 500 million as more than 1 million acres of cropland are under water . "  It 's in about 10 feet of water , " Dyersburg , Tennessee , farmer Jimmy Moody said of his 440 acres of winter wheat , which was to be harvested in the coming month . Other farmers in Mississippi , Missouri , Tennessee and Arkansas rushed to salvage what wheat they could ahead of the rising water . As for corn , farmers who were able to get into the fields during a soggy planting season in late March and April are seeing their crops in some cases under several feet of water . Farms near and on the Mississippi River are no strangers to flooding , but the 2011 flood is definitely one for the record books . "  This is new water that has reached areas for the first time in 75 years , " said Lee Maddox of the Tennessee Farm Bureau . Of course , the flooding is covering more than farmland . In Louisiana alone , Jindal said , as many as 3 million acres -- of farms , forests and towns -- could be affected . In Mississippi , 600,000 acres of farmland are only part of 1.4 million acres likely to be flooded , said Andy Prosser of the state 's Department of Agriculture and Commerce . With the overflowing Mississippi River bearing down on New Orleans , where the water level was already at flood stage , the Army Corps of Engineers said Thursday that it was opening more bays at the Bonnet Carre Spillway . Another 113 bays were opened , bringing the total to 223 open bays , authorities said . The 350-bay spillway , just north of New Orleans , diverts water into Lake Pontchartrain . The National Weather Service said that as of Thursday night , the river was at 17 feet in New Orleans , about an inch and a half above flood stage . It is expected to crest on May 23 at more than 19 feet . "  Nobody can wrap their heads around what 's going to happen , " said Caroline George of Baton Rouge . In a CNN iReport from her hometown , where the 19-year-old is on summer break from college , she said , "  I 've never seen the river anywhere near where it is now . " The National Guard is working around the clock to construct a flood barrier in Morgan City , Louisiana . In Memphis , which endured a record river crest this week , flooding affected between 800 and 1,000 properties , said Steve Schuler of the local emergency management agency . Many small businesses and farms were affected in Shelby County , and the river level was still high Thursday , he said . Rain moved into the area Thursday night , according to county officials , and Shelby residents were being reminded about five shelters . "  Many people who chose to stay in their homes during the flood are now surrounded by floodwater and are in need of food and other supplies , " the Shelby County Emergency Operations Center said . Some Memphis roads remained closed , and an unspecified number of customers wo n't see power restoration for several days . Flooding also continues to be a problem in southeastern Missouri and southern Illinois , though the Mississippi and Ohio rivers have crested in those states . Several roads were closed Thursday in Mississippi . Back in Louisiana , "  the Bonnet Carre Spillway was partially opened on Monday ... in order to keep the volume of the Mississippi River flows at New Orleans from exceeding 1.25 million cubic feet per second , " the Corps said . But the muddy water exceeded that level , with a flow of 1.36 million cubic feet per second by Wednesday night , authorities said . Twenty-six parishes in the state have declared states of emergency ahead of the surging waters . A nuclear unit in Louisiana may have to shut down if Mississippi River levels are too high , according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . The Waterford Steam Electric Station Unit 3 , about 25 miles west of New Orleans , was back online Thursday after being shut April 6 to refuel and replace the main generator . Entergy Louisiana , which owns the plant , said flooding is not expected with the opening of the Bonnet Carre Spillway . But if the river exceeds 27 feet , the plant would be forced to shut down because a circulating water system that drives the turbine would not be able to operate . Throughout the region , the economic toll has yet to be calculated . In Mississippi 's Tunica County , rising water shut down lucrative casinos that generate $ 85 million a month in taxes . "  We 've created a barrier around the perimeter of the casino and hotel , " said George Goldhoff , general manager of the Gold Strike Casino . "  As of now , we remain dry inside that perimeter . " The emotional toll of a long-running natural disaster can be hard to gauge , said Paige Roberts with the American Red Cross in Mississippi . "  Emotional care is going to be just as much of a need as someplace to sleep and a warm meal to eat , " she said . "  We 're still at a point where it 's not time to panic , but it is time to prepare , and that 's how we 're going to get to the finish line of this arduous marathon . " Fourteen Mississippi counties affected by flooding have been declared major disaster areas eligible for federal assistance , Gov. Haley Barbour announced Wednesday in a statement released by his office . "  We are grateful to President  Barack  Obama and FEMA for quickly fulfilling our request for assistance , " Barbour said . "  The flooding situation will last for several weeks , and this declaration gives Mississippians in flooded areas access to federal assistance that can help families through this difficult time . " CNN 's Thomas Andres , Jason Morris , Mia Aquino , Phil Gast and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	NEW : 600 evacuated in Vicksburg , Mississippi Corps of Engineers studies spillway scenarios Nuclear plant in Louisiana could be affected by flooding About 3 million acres of farmland are flooded in four states
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some private security guards hired to protect the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan say their contractor has allowed widespread mistreatment , sexual activity and intimidation within their ranks , according to the watchdog group Project On Government Oversight  POGO  . A spokeswoman for watchdog group POGO said hazing at a camp for security guards went "  well beyond partying . " The group sent a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Tuesday , and briefed reporters on its findings , which it said are based on e-mails and interviews with more than a dozen guards who have worked at the U.S. compound in Kabul . The company -- ArmorGroup , North America -- has a security contract with the State Department to provide services through July 2010 , and has been cited several times for shortcomings in the security required by the contract . A U.S. Senate panel two months ago was critical of the State Department for not closely supervising ArmorGroup , after a series of warning letters from the State Department in the year leading up to the panel 's inquiry . When CNN contacted Wackenhut , the corporate parent of ArmorGroup , a spokesperson there said the company would have a response Wednesday . The U.S. Embassy said Wednesday it was taking the allegations very seriously . "  Nothing is more important to us than the safety and security of all Embassy personnel -- Americans and Afghan -- and respect for the cultural and religious values of all Afghans , " it said in a statement . "  We have taken immediate steps to review all local guard force policies and procedures and have taken all possible measures to ensure our security is sound . " Should initiation rituals such as hazing be allowed ? Sound off below POGO says two weeks ago it began receiving whistleblower-style e-mails , some with graphic images and videos , that are said to document problems taking place at a non-military camp for the guards near the U.S. diplomatic compound in Kabul . "  This is well beyond partying , " said Danielle Brian , POGO 's executive director , after showing a video of a man with a bare backside , and another man apparently drinking a liquid that had been poured down the man 's lower back . She told CNN that ranking supervisors were "  facilitating this kind of deviant hazing and humiliation , and requiring people to do things that made them feel really disgusted . " Watch claims that alleged hazing at the U.S. Embassy pose a threat to security " "  This is not Abu Ghraib , " she said , referring to images and videos of abuse by U.S. military troops against prisoners held at a facility in Iraq . "  We 're not talking about torture , " she continued , "  we are talking about humiliation , " by supervisors causing a breakdown of morale , and a "  total breakdown in the chain-of-command . " In the letter POGO sent to Clinton , Brian wrote that the problems are "  posing a significant threat to the security of the Embassy and its personnel . " Among the recommendations from the group : immediate military supervision of the private security guards , a review of whether the contract should be revoked , and consideration as to whether government forces should replace private security in a combat zone .	Watchdog : Contractor providing security guards allowed "  deviant hazing , humiliation " Video showed naked man , another man apparently drinking liquid poured down back Watchdog warns Sec . of State Clinton of security threat posed by behavior ArmorGroup , North America has contract until July 2010
New York  CNN  -- The son of an Oscar-winning composer was indicted Thursday in the strangulation death of his girlfriend , whose body was found last week in a New York hotel bathtub . The details of the indictment of Nick Brooks , 24 , are sealed and will not be revealed until his next court appearance , on January 4 , said Manhattan District Attorney spokeswoman Joan Vollero . Police say the bruised body of swimsuit designer Sylvie Cachay , 33 , was found at the exclusive Soho House club and hotel . Brooks , whose father , Joseph Brooks , is the music director who produced the song "  You Light Up My Life , " was arraigned on charges of attempted murder and strangulation , police said . He pleaded not guilty . His attorney , Jeffrey C. Hoffman , said Brooks believes at least one other person had been in the room . "  I believe he is , in fact , not guilty , " Hoffman said . According to court documents , police said the only person in the hotel room with Cachay , besides Brooks , was a hotel employee who delivered ice and was inside for about one minute . Brooks escorted the employee into the room and remained after the worker left , police said . Authorities said they relied on interviews with hotel employees and surveillance videos from the location . On Sunday , Cachay 's brother said -- in comments issued through her spokeswoman -- that his parents "  are devastated by the loss of their daughter , so much so that they can not make a coherent statement at this time . " "  Nobody should have to make arrangements to bury a child , " Patrick Orlando-Cachay said in the statement . "  It 's a day-by-day grieving and healing process . " Police said they are investigating a time frame in which the killing occurred . Cachay 's body sustained bruising on the neck and bite marks , and was found clothed in the hotel room bathtub , the spokesman said . An autopsy indicated that the designer suffered injuries that were consistent with neck compression , court records show . Cachay suffered internal hemorrhaging , injuries to her scalp and cuts to her lips and mouth . The medical examiner 's office will provide more details surrounding Cachay 's death "  pending toxicology and tissue testing , which would take a few weeks , " spokeswoman Grace Burgess said . "  Sylvie Cachay was one of those rare individuals who truly sparkled when she spoke , " said publicist Kate Godici . "  She will be deeply and painfully missed , yet celebrated , honored and never forgotten . "	Son of an Oscar-winning composer was indicted in the strangulation of his girlfriend The details over the indictment of Nick Brooks , 24 , are currently sealed The body of swimsuit designer Sylvie Cachay was found at Soho House club and hotel
KINGSTON , Ontario  CNN  -- For Shona Holmes , simple pleasures such as playing with her dog or walking in her plush garden are a gift . Canadian Shona Holmes , who had a brain tumor , sought medical care in the United States . After suffering from crushing headaches and vision problems , she was diagnosed with a brain tumor four years ago . She was told if it was n't removed , she could go blind or even die . "  They said to me that you had a brain tumor and it was pressing on your optic chasm and that it needed to come out immediately , " Holmes said . Holmes is Canadian , but the "  they " she refers to are doctors at the Mayo Clinic in the United States , where she turned after specialists in her own government-run health care system would not see her fast enough . "  My family doctor at that time tried to get me in to see an endocrinologist and a neurologist , " Holmes recalled . "  It was going to be four months for one specialist and six months for the other . " Watch Holmes talk about her experience in getting treatment " Even with the warning from U.S. doctors in hand , Holmes said she still could n't get in to see Canadian specialists . Because the government system is the only health care option for Canadians , she says she had no choice but to have the surgery in the U.S. . Her treatment at the Mayo Clinic in Arizona cost $ 100,000 , and she and her husband put a second mortgage on their home and borrowed from family and friends to pay for it . When she recounts that part of her painful story , she weeps . "  That 's the stuff that I find so tragic -- having dinner with my friends and I know how much money I owe them , " Holmes says , tears streaming down her face . With the health care reform debate raging in the U.S. , Republicans in Washington are seizing on Holmes ' story and other accounts from Canada to warn against government involvement in the health care system . The Senate 's top Republican , Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , asserted several times on the Senate floor last month that a government-run health insurance option , which President Obama and Democrats want , could lead to a government-controlled health care system like Canada 's . Watch McConnell talk about Canada 's health care system McConnell singled out Kingston General Hospital in Ontario as a prime example of what Americans should be fearful of : staggering delays in treatment . CNN went to Kingston General and played a DVD for its chief of staff Dr. David Zelt of McConnell slamming the hospital . Zelt insists McConnell 's numbers -- an average of 340 days wait time for knee replacements , 196 days for hip replacements -- are an exaggeration . "  I find it very frustrating that someone of that stature would not really have true knowledge of the numbers he is actually quoting on things , " Zelt told us , saying the average wait time for a knee replacement is actually 109 days , and a hip replacement is 91 days . Watch Zelt talk about Canada 's health care system " However , Zelt does concede that in Canada 's system , where every Canadian citizen is covered , there are limited resources , shortages and often delays . "  In our health care system , we 're looking at what we have to do to prioritize patients -- critically ill versus purely elective surgeries , " Zelt said . "  I 'm not going to say we do n't have issues with timeliness for some things . It does happen . But again take the other side of the coin -- these patients have access . They 're on somebody 's waiting list if they have a problem , and I think the senator would need to look at that issue . Yes it may take time , but they will get seen . " McConnell 's remarks have not only ruffled feathers with Ontario 's doctors but also with government officials across the border . Canadian Sen. Hugh Segal , whom we met up with at Kingston 's picturesque waterfront , says his "  fellow conservatives " to the south are dead wrong about Canada 's health care system . "  The notion that we have some bureaucrat standing next to every doctor between the patient and that doctor is a complete creation , there is no truth to that at all , " Segal said . Watch Canadian senator challenge McConnell 's assertions " "  What you have is a longer life span , better outcomes and about one-third less costs . That 's what you have . " What Segal , Zelt and other Canadian officials underscore is that their government-run system is driven by the value of the care and that the quantity of tests and procedures do n't necessarily equal quality . "  You can have a patient from the hospital with abdominal pain as an example , and you can run him through every high-tech equipment , CT scan , MRIs -- it 's unlimited , " Zelt said . "  But then you have to take a step back and look at that . What 's the cost of doing those types of investigations , and what 's the value really added to the patient ? " Despite Shona Holmes ' horror story about her inability to get timely treatment for a brain tumor , Canadian officials and doctors insist most life-threatening cases are treated quickly . Toronto 's Doug Wright can attest to that . The 40-year-old father of three young boys found out last month he has cancer -- a tumor on his leg . But he says he never had to wait more than five days to see a specialist or get a test . And from diagnosis to surgery , it will be just over a month . "  The community medical system thought this process could not have been any better . I have not had to wait to see some of the best specialists in the country , who are renowned internationally , " Wright said . Watch Wright talk about his treatment " An investment adviser , Wright has the money to go to the U.S. for his care , but says there is no need . But Wright recognizes one reason he has gotten such a rapid response from Canadian doctors is because he has cancer . "  The bad news is I did n't have to wait for anything , because you do n't have to wait when it 's a serious issue , " he said . Still , people can wait for months , or even years , for elective surgery . Wright 's friend Rick Hession has a heart condition that could cause a stroke , but he has a three-month wait or more for an operation to help correct it . He says he ca n't exercise the way he would like to until he gets the surgery , but he 's willing to wait . He calls it a small price to pay for free health coverage for all Canadians . "  I 'm OK with it , and I think most people I talk to find they really are -LSB- willing to wait -RSB- , " says Hession . Watch Hession talk about waiting for treatment " The reality is that despite GOP rhetoric to the contrary , no Democratic plan now on the table calls for a Canadian-like government run health care system . But in talking to doctors , government officials and even average Canadians , they concede their system is far from perfect , but there is one statistic they are quite proud of : All Canadians have health coverage . That 's 33 million people , compared with the 47 million uninsured in the U.S.	Woman with tumor said wait would have been too long ; she got costly U.S. treatment Canadian man with cancer says he was put on fast track for treatment Sen. Mitch McConnell says U.S.-run program would mimic Canada 's problems Some doctors who spoke to CNN say McConnell does n't have facts right on waits
CNN  -- Whether you 're into exclusive bars , dingy dives or the dubious pleasures of a sweaty moshpit , Seattle has plenty to keep you entertained . For something completely different , Teatro ZinZanni dishes up food , comedy and cabaret . If it 's a classy cocktail you 're after then Zig Zag Café  1501 Western Avenue  is the place for you . The cocktail list is innovative and the drinks are lovingly crafted by master mixologist Murray -- something of a legend among Seattle 's cocktail cognoscenti . Try "  Satan 's Soulpatch , " made with bourbon , vermouth , Grand Marnier , orange and orange bitters -- devilishly good . See Sound Lounge  115 Blanchard Street  is a stylish bar with futuristic décor and a knack of attracting top house DJs , while Cha Cha Lounge  1013 Pike Street  is a quasi dive bar decorated with images of Mexican wrestlers . Brash and bohemian , it 's crammed full of hipsters hell-bent on having a good time . The drinks are reasonably priced , the Margaritas potent and happy hour lasts for the whole of Sunday and Monday . So it 's best not to make any plans for Tuesday ... Seattle is a great city for beer lovers , with a profusion of microbreweries in the region . You can sample local draughts at the city 's many brewpubs -- specialty establishments that usually offer a good selection of craft-brewed beers , along with their own microbrews . The Elysian Brewing Company  1221 East Pike Street  and Elliot Bay Brewery and Pub  4720 California Avenue SW  are both worth checking out . Get there early to work your way through their impressive range of ales . Seattle is famous for being the birthplace of Grunge and while that particular genre may have had its day , the city still boasts a lively music scene . The Crocodile Café was a mainstay of the Seattle circuit until it closed in 2007 , but the word is that it will re-open next year . Until then , there 's always Re-Bar  1114 Howell Street  , which also puts on some fantastic club nights , and Chop Suey  1325 East Madison  -- a hip , and often unbearably hot , place to check out up-and-coming bands and DJs . Dimitriou 's Jazz Alley  2033 Sixth Avenue  is an excellent jazz venue and there 's live music almost every night at the Tractor Tavern  5213 Ballard Avenue  . The cowboy boots dangling from the ceiling are a clue to the music policy , which tends towards folk , alt-country and bluegrass . For something completely different , there 's Teatro ZinZanni  222 Mercer Street  , an OTT spectacular of the weird and wonderful . Tickets start at $ 104 and grant you access to a surreal combination of circus , cabaret and fine dining . The five-course menu was created by famed Seattle chef Tom Douglas and is accompanied by a three-hour show of vaudeville-inspired wackiness . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Seattle picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best	Zig Zag Café is great for cocktails , while Cha Cha Lounge is a hip hangout Seattle has some great local beers you can sample at the city 's brewpubs If you like your music live you can catch a rocking show at Re-Bar or Chop Suey Teatro ZinZanni offers its own bizarre blend of fine dining , circus and cabaret
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The photograph is a jarring image that shows Nazi Party members , shovels in hand , digging up graves of American soldiers held as slaves by Nazi Germany during World War II . Members of the Nazi Party are forced to dig up mass graves of U.S. soldiers while American GIs look on . While the men dig up the site , U.S. soldiers investigating war crimes stand over them . Two crosses with helmets placed atop them -- the sign of a fallen soldier -- are visible . Two Germans are knee deep in mud . Another , with a handlebar mustache , has the look of a defeated man . The bodies of 22 American soldiers were found in at least seven graves , according to the photographer . On the back of the photo is written , "  Nazi Party members digging up American bodies at Berga . " Berga an der Elster was a slave labor camp where 350 U.S. soldiers were beaten , starved , and forced to work in tunnels for the German government . The soldiers were singled out for "  looking like Jews " or "  sounding like Jews , " or dubbed as undesirables , according to survivors . More than 100 soldiers perished at the camp or on a forced death march . It was on this day six decades ago , April 23 , 1945 , when most of the slave labor camp soldiers were liberated by advancing U.S. troops . The emaciated soldiers , many weighing just 80 pounds , had been forced by Nazi commanders to march more than 150 miles before their rescue . Watch survivor break down in tears over liberation " The new photograph was likely taken in May or June 1945 when U.S. war crimes investigators combed Berga . It was donated earlier this month to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum by Jim Martin and his family , whose father , Elmore "  Bud " Martin , is believed to have snapped the picture as part of the war crimes investigation team . The photo and dozens of others sat for years in Jim Martin 's closet . Some of the photos , including graphic images of American corpses , were placed on record at the National Archives years ago . See shocking photos of the slave camp " But the image of Nazi Party members digging up graves does n't appear to be part of that collection . Martin said he was proud to hand over the photos . "  People have to see these . This is something that 's history and it belongs with something that 's historical to tell that story . It does n't belong in my closet . " "  To be honest , I 'm kind of sorry I have n't done it sooner . We did n't realize what it was . " Elmore Martin , who won a Silver Star for his valor in capturing images during the war , was 28 when he shot the photographs . Before the war , he worked as a photographer for the St. Paul Dispatch and Pioneer Press . Martin 's son said his dad , who died several years ago , struggled to keep a job when he returned home . "  I now see where it all started , " he said . What Elmore Martin and the war crimes soldiers seen in the photo could n't have known that day was how the case would evolve . The two Berga commanders -- Erwin Metz and his superior , Hauptmann Ludwig Merz -- were tried for war crimes and initially sentenced to die by hanging . But the U.S. government commuted their death sentences in 1948 , and both men were eventually released in the 1950s . One other Berga commander , Lt. Willy Hack , was executed , but not by the United States . He died by hanging , justice carried out by the Soviets . Jim Martin said his father would have been upset at the freeing of the Berga commanders after the atrocities he documented . "  He knew it happened and to see that these people were released would be pretty devastating . " Efraim Zuroff , who has spent nearly 30 years hunting Nazis responsible for the Holocaust , said the U.S. government commuted the sentences and freed hundreds of war criminals like those at Berga after the war , as the Cold War began to intensify . "  They were more concerned about keeping out Communists than admitting victims of the Nazis , " he said . "  The realities out there were very conducive of letting these people off the hook . " How should Americans feel six decades later that the government freed the Nazi commanders responsible for atrocities against U.S. soldiers ? "  We 're supposed to feel very pissed off about that , to be perfectly honest , and that feeling is very justified , " Zuroff said . The German government has since made reparations to the soldiers held at Berga . Zuroff said now it 's time for the U.S. government to do "  the right thing . " "  To apologize , " he said . The Army said it is trying to figure out the best way to honor the Berga soldiers . There are about 20 known survivors still living . "  The U.S. Army honors the service and sacrifice of all veterans who have fought our nation 's wars . The Army is working to identify the most dignified and personal way to honor the soldiers held at the Nazi slave camp , known as Berga , " Army spokesman Lt. Col. Willie Harris said in a written statement . The Army refused to answer further questions about the Berga case . Listen in as an elderly man learns about his brother 's death at the camp " Survivors have long wanted to know why the sentences of the commanders were commuted . In a letter dated June 11 , 1948 , to an attorney whose nephew died at Berga , the U.S. War Department said the sentences of Metz and Merz were commuted because they were "  underlings . " The letter goes on to say that Metz "  though guilty of a generally cruel course of conduct toward prisoners was not directly responsible for the death of any prisoners , except one who was killed during the course of an attempt to escape . " That soldier was Morton Goldstein . Survivors say Goldstein tried to escape but was captured . They say Metz stood him against a wall , walked up to him and shot him , execution-style , through the head . As his body lay on the ground , guards riddled him with bullets , according to survivors . The soldiers who survived were not called to testify at the war crimes trial against Metz and Merz , instead prosecutors relied on about a dozen soldiers ' statements gathered through the course of the investigation . At the trial , Metz blamed any deaths at the camp on U.S. medics . "  They bore the sole responsibility for the medical care , " Metz told the court , according to the book "  Given Up for Dead , " by Flint Whitlock , citing trial transcripts . "  I ask you : Who must bear the responsibility ? The answer is obvious : The U.S. medics . " Those comments do n't sit well with Berga survivors . "  He was terrible , absolutely terrible . He lied , " said Tony Acevedo , a U.S. medic who catalogued the deaths in a diary at the camp . "  Everybody hated his guts . " "  Even the German guards were scared of him . " Flip through Acevedo 's diary from the slave camp " Berga survivors say they await any recognition from the Army that may come , especially after all these years . Morton Brooks , 83 , said he constantly thinks about the day he was liberated . He was rail thin and had walked by political prisoners shot in the head during the forced death march . In the final hours before his rescue , his attitude was , "  Let them kill us , " he said . "  I think all the time that I 'm a survivor of this and I 'm still around , " said Brooks . "  To me , it just amazes me . I do n't know how I got through . " Jim Martin said he 's still trying to process his father 's role as a forgotten American war hero , armed not with a gun , but a camera . "  The worst part is I 'm just finding it out , " he said .	New photo surfaces of Nazi slave labor camp where U.S. soldiers held during WWII Photo donated to U.S. Holocaust museum by family of U.S. war crimes photographer "  People have to see these . This is something that 's history , " Jim Martin says Today marks the anniversary of the liberation of the soldiers held at the camp
CNN  -- Aston Villa captain Stiliyan Petrov waved and applauded from the stands of Villa Park on Saturday as fans showed their support for the Bulgarian international a day after it was revealed he is suffering from acute leukemia . The 32-year-old midfielder , who will start treatment for the illness at a London hospital on Monday , was attending the English Premier League 's side match with Chelsea . His appearance follows a statement released Saturday on the West Midlands club 's web site where he thanked everyone for the support he has received over the past 24 hours . "  I would like to thank all of the people who have left messages of support . The response has been overwhelming and I appreciate it very much , " Petrov said in a statement . "  This is a difficult time for my family and myself and I ask people to respect my privacy . "  With the help and love of my family , my teammates , all of my friends in football , Aston Villa and all of the fans , I am sure I will beat this illness and I am determined to do this . " Petrov also added that the photo of fellow Premier League player Fabrice Muamba which was released on Friday has "  inspired " him . Muamba recovering after collapse Both Chelsea and Aston Villa players wore t-shirts with messages of support during the warm-up before the match . Manchester United striker Dimitar Berbatov also issued a message on his Facebook page urging fans to pray for his compatriot . "  Let 's all pray and believe , that Stiliyan Petrov , one of the best football players Bulgaria have ever produced and one of my best and closest friends , will win this battle . He deserves all your support . BELIEVE , " Berbatov wrote .	Stiliyan Petrov attends Villa ' Park on Saturday to watch home match with Chelsea Announced Friday that Bulgarian international is suffering from acute leukemia Veteran midfielder will start treatment for illness at a London hospital on Monday
New York  CNN  -- Buddy "  Cake Boss " Valastro 's gastronomical gifts were of little help when his 32-foot Boston Whaler got lost in heavy fog in New York Harbor . "  People were scared , " Valastro told CNN of the harrowing journey Friday night with his wife , another couple and nine young children . "  I did n't know which way to look -- left , right . I could n't even see in front of me . " Both New York fire and police department units located and safely towed Valastro 's boat to Liberty Landing Marina in Jersey City , New Jersey , NYPD Sgt. Carlos Nieves said . The vessel typically docks at Liberty Landing , which sits on the other side of the Hudson River from New York City and not far from the Statue of Liberty . Police said authorities received an emergency call about 9:30 p.m. : A boat was stranded and its captain disoriented just south of the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge . The vessel was lost in thick fog in Ambrose Channel , a busy shipping channel that put it in danger of colliding with large commercial ships , police said . Valastro said they were lost about 20 minutes before he called for help . The ordeal started about 8:30 p.m. after Valastro and his friends had dinner in Highlands , New Jersey , and were taking the boat back home . "  I ca n't see the city , " said Valastro , who had owned a boat for about six years . "  I 'm thinking it 's dark ... We wind up going into this deep , deep fog where you could n't see 10 feet in front of you . We started to get really scared . " At one point , Valastro said , a bigger vessel about 30 feet away was headed straight for his boat . "  I saw him but I do n't think he saw us , " he recalled . "  We had to get out of the way ... I turned quick . It got really , really scary . I said , ' You know , it 's time to call for help . " The boat moved slowly in the dense fog , he said . The children cried . Some were seasick and vomited overboard . "  My wife was flipping , " he said . "  I could n't pick a worse bunch of people to be on the boat stuck in the fog with . All the kids were under 10 years old ... then my wife and my friend 's wife and my friend ... After we got rescued , we started joking and having some fun . But it was no joke . " Nieves said police inspected the boat and found no alcohol on board or equipment violations . Valastro showed no signs of impairment , police said . Valastro said a fire department vessel responded about 10 minutes after his distress call , followed later by a police boat . "  I want to bake them a cake , " he said . "  I want to do something good for them . They did n't even realize who I was until the end . It was all business . I 'm not the kind of guy to say , ` I 'm the Cake Boss . The Cake Boss in distress . May Day . " Valastro , who starred on the hit TLC show "  Cake Boss , " now appears in the competition series "  Next Great Baker " on Tuesdays . A fourth-generation baker , he runs Carlo 's Bake Shop in Hoboken , New Jersey . After Friday 's odyssey , the Cake Boss tweeted : "  Next time we go out at night need to check the forecast #mywifewantstokillme " . 2 tread water for 14 hours off Florida coast until chance rescue	Buddy "  Cake Boss " Valastro , his wife and friends were rescued after his boat was stranded New York fire and police department units located and towed Valastro 's boat to safety At one point , Valastro said , a bigger vessel about 30 feet away was headed straight for his boat Valastro : "  I could n't even see in front of me "
WIRED  -- Apple will announce the iPad 2 next Wednesday , as made rather obvious by invites sent out to press this morning . Apart from the new iPad , that means one thing : speculation . I 'm not immune , so here 's my list of things I think will make it into an already capable machine . I have stuck to features , rather than things like CPU speed , as the internal specifics matter less than what they actually enable you to do . Cameras Obvious , this one . We 're almost certain there will be a front-facing camera for FaceTime and other webchat applications , but I really do n't care . I 'll use that for Skype once in a while and that 's it . What I want is a decent rear-facing camera , like that in the iPhone  not the crippled piece of junk in the iPod Touch  . Why ? Because it would be so useful , and not just for photography . Augmented reality , Instagram , scanning things , snapping photos and then drawing on top of them , the list goes on . One of the things I took away from all the tablets I tried at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona last week was just how good a camera is on a big device . It seems like it would be awkward , but the big screen is great for composing and the size turns out not to matter at all . Speakers The single iPad speaker is n't bad , but for movies and music you really want something beefier , and preferably in stereo . The rumors point to at least one big speaker grille on the back of the iPad 's case . Currently I get around this with an assortment of Bluetooth speakers around my apartment , but I 'd rather do without them . SD card slot This one would be purely for importing photos and video . Basically , it would be nothing more than a built-in camera connection kit . The Apple 's Camera Connection Kit is great , but it is one more thing to lose and carry . I use my iPad more and more for processing photos  courtesy of Photogene and FX PhotoStudioHD  , and until I can send direct from my camera via Eye-Fi , a slot is a lot more convenient than yet another dongle in my bag . A better connector The 30-pin dock connector is one of the worst things Apple has made  the other is "  all mice it has ever created "  . It is symmetrical , so it 's hard to put in the right way in bad light . It 's delicate  the cord breaks easily where it enters the plug  and worst of all , it 's huge . In fact , the iPod Nano is barely big enough for the connector slot . The likeliest candidate for a replacement is Light Peak , or Apple 's rumored implementation of it , Thunderbolt , which might show up in this week 's new MacBook Pros . This could be a small port that could carry power and data of any kind . That in itself would be good enough , but you know what I 'd really like ? A Thunderbolt data-cable with a MagSafe plug . That would be just about perfect . Better case The size and weight of the current iPad are just fine . Anyone who complains that a 1.5 pound sliver of aluminum and glass is too heavy needs to shut up and go join a gym . But it is slippery . I keep mine in Apple 's own case 24/7 . This is partly to protect the screen , but mostly to stop me dropping it , especially when I 'm walking on crutches with it tucked under my arm . A little more friction on the back would help a lot . Perhaps a plastic rear , or just a grippy coating . Bonus : The screen This is a small request . I do n't want a retina display  or rather I do , but I do n't want the current penalties of price and battery life associated with it  . All I want is a dimmer screen . The brightness at the top end is fine , but even at its dimmest setting , the screen is too bright for using indoors at night . It 's true , I keep my apartment fairly dim  I call it "  moody and romantic , " but you may call it "  cheap "  , but unless you keep your place lit up like an office , the screen glows a little too much . Those are my requests . What about yours ? Do you want a built in printer ? A near-field communications chip to turn your iPad into the world 's biggest wallet ? Or even a flashlight ? Let us know your suggestions , as ever , in the comments . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	We 're almost certain there will be a front-facing camera for FaceTime The 30-pin dock connector is one of the worst things Apple has made More friction on the back would help a lot -- perhaps a plastic rear or a grippy coating
When Apple unveiled not one but two new iPhones last month , it was the dawning of a new strategy for the company , which for six years had championed its single iconic smartphone even as competitors rolled out an array of shapes , sizes and features . But a month later , there are questions about how effective this strategy has been , particularly in regards to the iPhone 5C , the cheaper , colorful plastic counterpart to Apple 's higher-end iPhone 5S . Though some observers see a long game in which the "  fun " version of the iPhone will still prove popular , others are skeptical , based on some early signs . Apple has not released figures breaking down sales of the 5C versus the 5S  An earnings report on October 28 may change that  . But independent analysts estimate that the fancier 5S is outselling its candy-colored cousin by 3 to 1 or , in some cases , even more . Localytics , an analytics and marketing platform creators say samples apps on 1 billion devices , says the 5S is winning 3-to-1 in the United States and a whopping 5-to-1  72 % to 28 %  worldwide . Reports from generally reliable sources in China say Apple has cut production of the phone there , less than a month after it went on sale . C Tech , a Chinese site that ran accurate photos of the iPhone 5C and 5S before they were released , quotes insiders who say daily production of the 5C has been cut in half -- from 300,000 to 150,000 . Part of the problem , some analysts say , is the price . Although the iPhone 5C starts at $ 99 with a mobile data plan , many had predicted that it would need to be even cheaper to appeal to buyers in emerging markets like China and India . In China , where phones are n't subsidized by mobile carriers , the 5C is selling for 3,500 yuan , or about $ 560 . And though its style is all new , the 5C does n't sport features significantly upgraded from the iPhone 5 , which can be had for as low as $ 199 . The two-year-old iPhone 4S can be had for free with a data plan . Sarah Rotman Epps , an analyst with Forrester Research , says that selling the more expensive 5S , which starts at $ 199 , is good for Apple 's bottom line in the short term . "  But in the longer term , " she said , "  it 's bad news . "  Apple needs new customers to keep growing , and the 5C was supposed to appeal to a new , more price-conscious consumer , " she said . "  Turns out that acquisition is a lot harder than retention . " Some retailers have responded by slashing prices on the 5C . This month , Best Buy ran a promotion offering the phone for $ 50 . Walmart has discounted it to $ 45 through the holidays , and Radio Shack is giving customers who buy one $ 50 gift cards through early next month . But some say it 's not quite time to write the phone 's obituary . "  Rumours on order cuts  or increases  from parts of Apple 's supply chain tell us absolutely nothing either way , " Benedict Evans , an independent analyst , wrote recently on Twitter . "  Too many moving parts . " In another post , he made light of people comparing iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C sales as an indicator of Apple 's success . "  iPhone 5S outselling 5C ? Apple 's growth strategy a failure . Sell ! " he wrote . "  iPhone 5C outselling 5S ? Cannibalisation and  revenue per user  collapse . Sell ! " This year , Apple CEO Tim Cook himself downplayed the amount of weight observers should place in supply-chain rumors . "  I suggest it 's good to question the accuracy of any kind of rumor about build plans , " Cook said during an earnings call . "  The supply chain is very complex , and we have multiple sources for things . ... There is an inordinate long list of things that can make any single data point not a great proxy for what is going on . " And there is something to be said for your top-end phone leading the way . The iPhone 5S has hit the streets to almost universally high marks from both reviewers and users . Apple announced last month that first-weekend sales of both phones combined topped 9 million , a record for the company . Still , Apple does nothing accidentally . The iPhone 5C clearly was released to appeal to customers in a way that the iPhone 5S could n't . Only time will tell whether Apple will succeed , but it will need to see improvements before it does . "  Apple has more work to do to attract the next generation of iPhone customers , " Epps said . "  The 5C is n't resonating as Apple hoped it would . "	Analysts expected the iPhone 5C to appeal to customers with its low price But , especially in emerging markets , it has n't been significantly discounted Reports say production has slowed , and retailers are slashing its price But some observers say it 's way too early to predict success or failure
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- An American father jailed in Tokyo has been harshly treated , his attorney said Monday , while Japanese authorities said he is getting "  special " treatment . Christopher Savoie is in jail in Japan after trying to get back his son , Isaac , and daughter , Rebecca . Attorney Jeremy Morley , in a statement released Monday , said Christopher Savoie -- accused of trying to kidnap his children after his ex-wife took them to Japan -- is being held without trial , interrogated without an attorney present and denied needed medical treatment for high blood pressure . Savoie has also been exposed to sleep deprivation , and denied private meetings with attorneys and phone calls to his wife , according to Morley , who said the way his client has been treated amounts to "  torture . " He acknowledged that some of the claims are based on second-hand information from Savoie 's wife , Amy , saying she has communicated with people familiar with her husband 's case . Police in Yanagawa , a rural town in southern Japan where Savoie is being held , denied the allegations in Morley 's statement , saying Savoie gets regular visits by a physician and medicine as prescribed . A Yanagawa police officer , who declined to give his name citing departmental policy , told CNN that Savoie , like any other detainee , has a "  dim " light in his cell for safety , and is assured to get 8 hours of sleep a day . Savoie is being questioned -- with an interpreter -- within the boundaries of Japanese law , which allows for suspects to be interviewed without the presence of an attorney , the officer said . The law also permits several rounds of questioning for hours on end , the officer said . The officer said Savoie is allowed "  frequent " visits with his defense attorney in Japan and is generally given "  special " treatment due to the nature of his case , the officer said . "  If you call this ` torture , ' what can we say ? " the officer said . Savoie , 38 , a Tennessee native and naturalized Japanese citizen , allegedly abducted his two children -- 8-year-old Isaac and 6-year-old Rebecca -- as his ex-wife walked them to school on September 28 in Yanagawa . With the children , Savoie headed for the nearest U.S. consulate , in the city of Fukuoka , to try to obtain passports for them . Screaming at guards to let him in the compound , Savoie was steps away from the front gate but still standing on Japanese soil when he was arrested . Savoie and his first wife , Noriko Savoie , were married for 14 years before their bitter divorce in January . The couple , both citizens of the United States and Japan , lived in Japan , but had moved to the United States before the divorce . Noriko Savoie was given custody of the children and agreed to remain in the United States . Christopher Savoie had visitation rights . During the summer , she fled with the children to Japan , according to court documents . A U.S. court then granted Christopher Savoie sole custody . Japanese law , however , recognizes Noriko Savoie as the primary custodian , regardless of the U.S. court order . The law there also follows a tradition of sole-custody divorces . When a couple splits , one parent typically makes a complete and life-long break from the children . Complicating the matter further is the fact that the couple is still considered married in Japan because they never divorced there , police said . And , Japanese authorities say , the children are Japanese and have Japanese passports .	Official in Japan denies "  torture , " says dad is receiving "  special " treatment Japanese official : Dad gets regular attorney visits , interpreter for interviews Christopher Savoie accused of trying to kidnap his kids after ex-wife fled to Japan Savoie held without trial ; denied medical treatment , says attorney
CNN  -- A pilot who ejected before a U.S. fighter jet crashed into the waters off northern Japan on Sunday was rescued and was in stable condition , military officials said . The pilot was the sole person aboard an F-16 Fighting Falcon , which crashed about 200 miles northeast of Hokkaido Island . Japanese Coast Guard , Japan Self Defense Forces , U.S. Coast Guard , U.S. Navy and civilian vessels were among those agencies that worked to retrieve the pilot , now aboard a U.S. commercial vessel . "  We are thankful for the support from our Japanese friends and other agencies committed to ensuring the safe recovery of our airman , " said Col. Al Wimmer , 35th Fighter Wing vice commander . "  The tireless efforts of everyone involved ensured a successful recovery , " Wimmer added . "  We are extremely grateful for their assistance and humbled by the rapid and skilled response . We are proud to be a part of such an effective alliance and send our most heartfelt thanks to all those involved . " The pilot was not identified . The cause of the incident will be investigated . The craft was en route to North America when the crash occurred .	NEW : The cause of the incident will be investigated The F-16 crashes about 200 miles northeast of Hokkaido Island The pilot is the sole person aboard , military officials say
Washington  CNN  -- Trailblazing White House journalist Helen Thomas has died at age 92 after a long illness , sources told CNN Saturday . Thomas covered 10 presidents over nearly half a century , and became a legend in the industry . She was a fixture at White House news conferences -- sitting front and center late in her career -- where she frequently exasperated government spokesmen with her pointed questions . Thomas began covering the White House for United Press International when John F. Kennedy became president in 1961 and was a fixture there until her retirement in 2010 . She was considered the dean of the White House press corps because she was the longest-serving White House journalist . Thomas will be buried in Detroit , and a memorial service is planned in Washington in October , according to her family . President Barack Obama said that it was "  not just the length of her tenure , but her fierce belief that our democracy works best when we ask tough questions and hold our leaders to account , " that put her in high esteem . In a written statement , Obama called Thomas a "  true pioneer " and said she kept the presidents she covered -- including himself -- on their toes . "  Helen was just a living inspiration " Her career , however , came to an end under a cloud of controversy . Thomas , then working for the media conglomerate Hearst as a syndicated columnist , was blasted for comments she made regarding Jewish people . In 2010 , a YouTube video surfaced showing her saying that Israel should "  get the hell out of Palestine , " and that the Jewish people should go home to "  Poland , Germany ... and America and everywhere else . " Thomas apologized for her remarks , writing , "  They do not reflect my heartfelt belief that peace will come to the Middle East only when all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance . May that day come soon . " She announced her retirement one week later . In 2012 , Palestinian official Hanan Ashrawi presented Thomas with an award . She was a mentor to young journalists Helen Thomas : Fast Facts Thomas , the daughter of Lebanese immigrants , was born in Winchester , Kentucky , on August 4 , 1920 . She was one of nine children . Thomas was raised in Detroit , where she attended Wayne State University and graduated with a bachelor 's degree in 1942 . In October 1971 , Thomas married Douglas Cornell ; he died in 1982 . She wrote three books : "  Front Row at the White House : My Life and Times "  1999  ; "  Thanks for the Memories Mr. President : Wit and Wisdom from the Front Row at the White House "  2002  ; and "  Watchdogs of Democracy ? The Waning Washington Press Corps and How it Has Failed the Public "  2006  . Share your memories In describing her job , Thomas once said , "  I 've never covered the president in any way other than that he is ultimately responsible . " Along the way , she broke some barriers by becoming the first female president of the prestigious White House Correspondents ' Association and Washington 's Gridiron Club . "  I hope there are many women following me right in this same spot , " she said . Well into her 80s , she was a mentor to many young journalists . Thomas left UPI in May 2000 , when the wire service was sold to a company controlled by the Rev. Sun Myung Moon , the Korean founder and leader of the worldwide Unification Church . Two months later , Hearst News Service hired her as a syndicated columnist , and she returned to the White House for fodder for her columns . Former President Bill Clinton and his wife , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , recalled Thomas ' "  tough-minded dedication . " "  Helen was a pioneering journalist who , while adding more than her share of cracks to the glass ceiling , never failed to bring intensity and tenacity to her White House beat , " the Clintons said in a statement . " ... Her work was extraordinary because of her intelligence , her lively spirit and great sense of humor , and most importantly her commitment to the role of a strong press in a healthy democracy . " No question seemed off-limits Colleagues remember her as a genuinely fearless woman who asked the toughest questions of presidents , no matter their party . In January 2009 , as President George Bush was preparing to leave office , Thomas aimed her editorial guns at him and his administration . Among her criticisms : that before the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , administration officials ignored "  significant early warnings of an imminent strike against the U.S. " Journalists remember Helen Thomas In a commentary , she slammed Bush for what she considered his failings , including leading the country "  into a senseless war against Iraq , a calamity still under way as he leaves office almost six years after the invasion . " She considered him "  the worst president ever . " Thomas embraced the freedoms of a columnist with vigor . "  I censored myself for 50 years when I was a reporter , " Thomas told an audience at the Massachusetts of Technology  MIT  in late 2002 . "  Now I wake up and ask myself , ` Who do I hate today ? ' " One afternoon in October 2009 , she targeted President Barack Obama 's spokesman , Robert Gibbs , during the daily briefing . Health care reform was being debated at the time , and Thomas asked Gibbs every day whether a public option would be part of the package . In the back-and-forth that ensued , Thomas said that she already had reached a conclusion but could not get a straight answer from the presidential spokesman . "  Then why do you keep asking me ? " Gibbs inquired . "  Because I want your conscience to bother you , " Thomas replied . The room broke into laughter as Gibbs turned red . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , John King , Wolf Blitzer and journalist Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .	NEW : Thomas covered White House with "  intensity and tenacity , " Clintons say Thomas will be buried in Detroit She was a trailblazer on the White House press corps Her retirement in 2010 came amid controversy
CNN  -- A late penalty by Asamoah Gyan handed Ghana a deserved 1-0 victory against Serbia in the opening Group D match played in Pretoria on Sunday . The striker , who plays for French club Rennes , emphatically converted from the spot past Vladimir Stojkovic in the 84th minute to the obvious delight of the partisan crowd . The victory was the first by an African team at this year 's World Cup . Ghana were awarded their penalty after Serbia substitute Zdravko Kuzmanovic needlessly hand-balled a cross which looked to be drifting harmlessly out of his team 's penalty area . Amid delirious celebrations of the African supporters in the Loftus Versfeld Stadium , Serbia struggled to find an equalizer and it was Ghana , the four-time African champions , who should have made it 2-0 before the final whistle . Who 's creating a World Cup Twitter Buzz ? Ghana -- popularly known as the Black Stars -- started the match at a high tempo and created chances throughout the match , never allowing the Serbian defense to settle . This attacking pattern was set early on when Rosenborg midfielder Anthony Annan volleyed the ball wide after two minutes and Ghana 's captain John Mensah headed a free kick wide of the far post in the 19th minute . Ghana continued to press forward in the second half and came closest to scoring when Gyan rose high above the Serbian defense meeting a long throw from John Pantsil , only to head the ball just wide of Stojkovic 's left post . Serbia created fewer chances than their opponents but probably had the better opportunities to score . CNN 's World Sport blog The giant Serbia striker Nikola Zigic should have given his country the lead in the 58th minute when he met Dejan Stankovic 's cross at the far post but his control let him down and the ball dribbled away to safety . And later , when Serbia had been reduced to 10 men after Aleksandar Lukovic received his second yellow card in the 73rd minute , Serbia squandered a fantastic opportunity to break the deadlock . Striker , Danko Lazovic broke away from Fulham 's John Pantsil on the left goal-line and managed to cut the ball back into the middle of the area which Milos Krasic then struck fiercely at goalkeeper Richard Kingson , who parried the ball to safety . The resulting corner saw Manchester United 's Nemanja Vidic narrowly head over the crossbar . Serbia meet Germany next Friday in Port Elizabeth , while Ghana play Australia in Rustenburg on Saturday .	Late Ghana penalty sinks Serbia in first Group D match in Pretoria Asamoah Gyan scores from the spot to give Ghana and Africa first 2010 World Cup win Serbia reduced to 10 men after defender Aleksandar Lukovic given marching orders
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- With foreclosures and bankruptcy affecting millions of homeowners , CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday talked to several experts in the real estate industry to get advice on handling the mortgage meltdown . Barbara Corcoran says homeowners have ways of getting mortgage companies to pay attention to them . His panel on "  Larry King Live " was made up of real estate expert Barbara Corcoran , correspondent Michael Corbett , developer Jorge Perez , real estate magnate Donald Trump and financial expert Robert Kiyosaki . Larry King : Is this a good time to sell a house ? Barbara Corcoran : Of course it 's not a good time to sell a house . The question is , if you must sell a house , how do you unload it , considering the enormous competition that 's out there ? Watch the panelists respond to questions " King : Suppose you have to sell . Corcoran : There 's one way you can always sell a house in any old market . You can intentionally under-price it . If you go out to your own marketplace and intentionally under-price your home 20 percent to 25 percent less than you think it 's worth , or that a credible appraiser tells you it 's worth , you will sell that house within the week . There 's no such a thing as an unsellable house . It 's always a question of numbers . King : What 's the biggest mistake people facing foreclosure make ? Michael Corbett : The biggest mistake right now is when you get that default notice , you ignore it . People think that if they just ignore it , it will buy them more time . It 's absolutely the opposite . The first thing they should do when they get those notices is contact either the lender or go to HUD -LSB- the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development -RSB- . Get a certified counselor . There 's free counseling out there for people , because if you just go ahead and ignore these notices , they automatically trigger legal action . And that moves it faster . If you want to buy some time , call the lender , call a counselor . King : Let 's take a call from Tuscaloosa , Alabama . Caller : I have a loan with Countrywide , and they will not refinance our interest-only loan , because they say our debt-to-income ratio is too high , and their workout department wo n't even look at us because we 've never been behind on our mortgage and we 're not currently behind . It 's going to reset in August . What can we do ? Corbett : Unfortunately , a lot of the mortgage companies and the banks do n't want to talk to you . It 's very sad , until you 're actually in arrears . Their loss mitigation or their workout department , they do n't want to help you until you 're two months or three months in debt . King : Barbara has a solution . Corcoran : I have a solution , and it 's a fall-back solution , but it sure gets attention . You can make an appointment , or not make an appointment , go over there with the deed to your property and the keys to your front door and say , OK , I 've had it . Here 's my deed , here 's my keys , and you 'll get attention . One other thing , you should always put your requests by certified mail . By law , the banks do n't have to answer phone calls . But by law , they have to answer certified mail , and a lot of people do n't use it . King : We have an e-mail question from S.O.S. in California : "  I got a condo in April of 2005 for $ 500,000 . Now it 's only worth about $ 400,000 . Could I refinance it to get a better interest rate , or should I try to negotiate with the mortgage company to adjust the payment ? " Jorge Perez : I would definitely negotiate with the mortgage company . Lenders are having tremendous problems right now . They have a huge amount of REOs , real estate-owned properties , and they do not want your house or condominium . We are advising all the people that we know that have those problems to go talk to their lenders , and they will talk to their lenders . I think one of the biggest problems , nevertheless , is that a lot of people borrowed on variable rate interests when they had mortgages at 1 and 2 percent that grew up over time . And their jobs have not gotten better , and now they 're paying much higher interest rates than when they got their mortgages . And this is a big , big problem in real estate today King : We have an e-mail question from Debbie in Orlando , Florida : "  What 's a family to do if they lose their home to foreclosure ? How can they find a suitable place to live ? Are n't they going to be rejected as renters on grounds of poor credit ? " Donald Trump : This is now the time to go out and try making a deal , try buying a house . The banks are there . It 's already financed . You do n't really need the money because it 's already financed . They are already in . They are already wet . I do n't recommend renting now . I recommend now is the time to buy . Buying is much better than renting . King : Even if you 've been foreclosed ? Trump : Absolutely . You can make deals . So many people are being foreclosed . Millions and millions of people . It 's no longer got that horrible stigma . This is the time to go out and make a deal . The money has already been put in . It 's not like they are putting in new money . The money has already been put in . They own a house . They want somebody to live in that house . King : What 's your advice , Robert ? Robert Kiyosaki : Back in the '80s , I got my butt kicked in the market . That 's when interest rates were about 18 percent to 20 percent and I was trying to make deals at 18 percent to 20 percent . And it really taught me a good lesson that I had to get smarter . So when I got pounded in the late '70s and early '80s , I at that point said I better get smarter , and today , I have made millions of dollars because of a bad experience . But if you 're not -- if you do n't learn from the experience and you think the government is going to bail you out , then you 've wasted a big opportunity to learn something .	Barbara Corcoran : Under-pricing is a way to sell a home Michael Corbett : Do n't ignore mortgage default notices Jorge Perez , Donald Trump : Now 's the time to negotiate , buy a house Robert Kiyosaki : Meltdown is time to learn to not rely on bailout
CNN  -- Something was different in 2013 . Unlike recent years , when some of the major events were powered by groups and movements -- think revolutions that seemed to materialize out of nowhere , public squares occupied without visible leadership -- this year , it was individuals who created the most unexpected or dramatic events . Some of this year 's crucial stories resulted from the interaction of individuals challenging institutions , organizations or the status quo . Sometimes they failed miserably . Other times , they succeeded . But mostly they gave a shove to history , trying to knock it onto a different path . These are my candidates for what defined 2013 : The spies got out-spied Edward Snowden had n't yet turned 30 when he threw back the curtain , exposing the astonishing scale of surveillance by the National Security Agency . While the NSA had its sights on other things , a single contractor in its midst triggered an earthquake . Snowden left his NSA job with hundreds of thousands of documents , revealing how the NSA was gobbling up "  meta-data , " records of telephone calls and e-mails , even from world leaders and U.S. allies . The revelations showed an almost omnipotent NSA , capable of learning any of our secrets . And yet , it bared an agency that could be embarrassingly bested by a single man . To some a hero , to others a traitor , Snowden forced an examination of how far society is willing to allow the government to spy on people 's lives . If Snowden did n't act , would we have slipped quickly and easily into an Orwellian state without knowing what our government had been doing ? A Pope more concerned with inequality than sexuality In March , Catholic cardinals gathered in Rome to choose an Argentine priest as the new Pope , the first non-European pope in nearly 1,300 years . Pope Francis has emerged as the most innovative pope in living memory . CNN Poll : Pope 's approval rating sky high He is challenging the mighty forces of tradition in the Church , wearing a benevolent smile while surely facing murmurs of dissent behind Vatican walls . The Pope decried the Church 's obsession with homosexuality , abortion and birth control , prodding Catholics to fight poverty and inequality instead . He has become an endless source of surprises , phoning his newspaperman to cancel his subscription , paying his hotel bill in person and refusing to move to the papal residence . Can Pope Francis succeed in bringing lasting changes to one of the world 's oldest , most conservative institutions ? We will find out . Struggling Iran pulls a rabbit out of the hat The dispute with Iran over its nuclear weapons began a new chapter with the surprise election of Hassan Rouhani . The new Iranian President sharply shifted to conciliatory tones , but much doubt remains about whether that will result in real changes . Obama put the odds for a final deal at 50/50 . It is Rouhani 's boss , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who has the final say in Iran . Nothing happens without his approval , not even a change of tone . It is not clear he has decided to change the goals of Iran 's nuclear program . Almost two decades have passed since the United States and other countries started imposing sanctions on Iran , aiming to prevent what they believe -- and Iran denies -- is a nuclear weapons program . Iran and the Washington-led world powers made an interim deal to slow some of Iran 's progress for six months and roll back some sanctions . That created excitement in some quarters and consternation in others , especially because Iran appears to have found a way to continue enriching uranium even though the United Nations had specifically demanded it stop . Who wins ? Some would say Iran , thanks to Rouhani . Obama scored self-goal with Obamacare rollout When it comes to individuals challenging the status quo , the President of the United States is not exactly Everyman , but Barack Obama took on the system and then trampled himself in it . The story might have been the political dysfunction and the government shutdown that left Americans disgusted with Washington . Obama seemed to be scoring points after standing firm against Republicans . What tripped him most painfully required no intervention from his critics . It was the disastrous rollout of the signature achievement of his presidency , the Affordable Care Act , better known as Obamacare . When Americans stopped shaking their heads at the shutdown , they discovered the Obamacare rollout disaster unfolding . Obama 's approval rating took a plunge , made steeper by his initial denial that there was a problem . When a contrite Obama declared "  That 's on me , " he found little disagreement . In Syria , Obama fumbled and al-Assad stays in power When 2012 drew to a close , we knew the suffering of the Syrian people was nowhere near its end . Who would have guessed that by the end of 2013 , the Syrian regime would be strengthened ? After calling for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down in the face of mounting deaths , Obama , along with much of the West , seemed to have no clear idea what to do next . He worried that the opposition fighting against his dictatorship would give rise to a new regime dominated by Islamist extremists . Obama drew a "  red line , " saying the use of chemical weapons by al-Assad would change his calculus . Then al-Assad used chemical weapons , and Obama announced he had decided the United States had to intervene . Obama is not a natural risk-taker . When he decided to take action in Syria , he went out on a limb , but quickly he reversed course , afraid to challenge public opinion . He surprised everyone with the announcement that he would await congressional authorization . The congressional green light looked doubtful when Secretary of State John Kerry off-handedly suggested intervention could be prevented if al-Assad surrendered his chemical weapons . Syria 's ally Russia picked up the idea and launched into a diplomatic offensive that saved al-Assad from Western attack and saved Obama from political shame . As Russia 's Vladimir Putin made his victory lap , the Syrian people continued to endure relentless assault by al-Assad and his Lebanese ally , Hezbollah . The death count has continued to climb , and the winter weather is adding to the misery of Syria 's civilians . Putin outwitted Obama , and another dictator gets the last laugh . As we look back on 2013 , it 's worth remembering that we are all not just witnesses ; we are the protagonists of our time in history . Individuals can change history , for better or worse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Some individuals made a huge impact by challenging the status quo Ghitis : If not for Edward Snowden , we would n't know about NSA 's massive spying She says Pope Francis is challenging the mighty forces of Catholic tradition Ghitis : We are all not just witnesses ; we are the protagonists of our own time
Media mogul Rupert Murdoch , the tweet fittingly declared , "  goes from tabloid boss to tabloid prey . " That 's because the head of the powerful News Corp empire has declared his intention to split from his younger wife Wendi Deng After the news emerged , the news-ravenous Twitterverse , gossip-hungry tabloids and every other blog started soaking up the latest celebrity divorce . Inquiring minds are dying to know why this power pair are getting unhitched . The rumor mill is grinding and the whiff of scandal and the hint of sleaze beckon . People who 've got the answers are n't tattling . The New York Daily News said the reasons are "  allegedly shocking . " Its headline shouted -- " ` Jaw-dropping ' ! " For now , people are having fun poking fun . One blogger quipped , "  Wendi Deng to divorce Rupert Murdoch after he drops from # 98 to # 105 on rich list . " Another tweet observed that "  someone 's #estateplan will be changing ... " Murdoch is 82 and Deng is 44 , so the May-December age difference is duly noted : "  If Deng starts dating a 60-sumpn billionaire , he 'll still be 20 yrs younger than Rupert . " Deng made headlines two years ago for forcefully defending Murdoch from a pie-throwing intruder in Britain 's Parliament . That was Wendi Deng Murdoch 's "  greatest moment , " one wit said . She 's not just his wife ; she 's his "  pie-deflecting " wife . "  If a woman did karate chops for me , @rupertmurdoch , I 'd never let her go bro , " one tweeter said . Another said , "  I bet rupert Murdoch wife wishes now she had let that custard pie smack him in the face . " The Chinese-born , Yale-educated Deng was very accomplished in her own right pre-Murdoch , even though critics jabbed her as a "  gold digger " through her marriage to the media mogul . Her husband runs one of the most powerful media conglomerates in the world -- one that includes 20th Century Fox , Fox television  including Fox News and FX  , Sky news service , HarperCollins publishing and many newspapers including the Wall Street Journal , Britain 's Times and several publications in his native Australia . But Deng had stayed largely out of the public eye until July 2011 . She was sitting behind Murdoch in Parliament in London , while he testified about his company 's involvement in a phone-hacking scandal that rocked Britain . Comedian Jonnie Marbles came at Murdoch with a shaving-foam pie . Deng leaped into action , lunging at Marbles and smashing his hand with her own . "  Mr. Murdoch , " said parliamentarian Tom Watson , who minutes earlier had been particularly critical of the media titan , "  your wife has a pretty good left hook . " Social media erupted in response to what soon became known as "  the slap heard round the world " and earned her the sobriquet "  tiger wife . " The reaction was particularly strong on Chinese microblogs , where many hailed Deng 's reaction as a moment of pride for Asian women . Murdoch and Deng met at a Hong Kong cocktail party shortly after her graduation from Yale . Deng then went on to work at Star TV , a Hong Kong-based satellite television service that 's under Murdoch 's corporate umbrella . In a 2011 interview with his wife on CCTV , Murdoch recalled her interpreting for him while he toured the Chinese mainland . A fervent pursuit followed , though Deng did n't necessarily return all his affection . "  I fell in love with her , and I asked her . She said no , and it took a long time to persuade her , " Murdoch said . Their 1999 wedding occurred shortly after Murdoch filed for divorce from his second wife , Anna Torv Murdoch .  Anna Torv wed Murdoch in 1967 , the same year he divorced his first wife and one year before Deng was born , according to multiple reports . Shortly after the wedding , Murdoch announced his new wife would step down from her executive role at a News Corp. subsidiary in Hong Kong . He described her as "  busy working on decorating the new apartment . " A Wall Street Journal profile , published in 2000 , hinted she did n't entirely leave the business world . Deng frequently accompanied her husband and stepson to meetings with high-ranking Chinese officials , where she 'd sometimes intervene "  to smooth over potentially awkward situations , " according to that report . Over the past 12 years , she gave birth to and raised two girls , Grace and Chloe .  Murdoch has four other children from his two previous marriages , some of whom hold prominent posts at News Corp. Her Yale profile notes she 's a co-founder of Big Feet Productions , an independent studio in East London that makes applications and games for Apple operating systems according to its website . And in 2011 , she produced , "  Snow Flower and the Secret Fan , " a film set in 19th century China centered on two girls who circumvent cultural restrictions on females . A divorce would end her union to Rupert Murdoch , and perhaps set up a battle over how much of his fortune -- which Forbes recently estimated at $ 11.2 billion -- she and her children will receive . This potential showdown comes at a tenuous time for News Corp. , which recently approved a plan to split its operations into two publicly traded companies . Murdoch , the existing company 's largest shareholder , is set to become chairman of the two new companies . It was not immediately known if Deng and Murdoch signed a prenuptial agreement prior to their wedding , and if so where they filed it . Michael Stutman , president of the New York chapter of the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers , said he 'd expect they did so in New York -- a state with a tendency to enforce terms of such agreements . "  New York will apply those terms so long as they are not grossly unfair or unconscionable , " Stutman said . "  The same can not be said about every other country in the world . " One altruist actually tweeted : "  Should n't we respect Rupert Murdoch 's right to privacy during this difficult time ? " Good luck with that ! The "  tabloid boss " is now "  tabloid prey . "	Rupert Murdoch and Wendi Deng married in 1999 She famously defended her media mogul husband from a pie-thrower Murdoch is filing for divorce from Deng , a Murdoch spokesman confirmed Thursday That news has sparked furious activity on social media and in tabloids
CNN  Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison Monday for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander . Maricopa County Judge Sherry Stephens could have sentenced Arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years , but decided the convicted killer should spend the rest of her life behind bars . Before her sentence was handed down , Arias expressed remorse for her actions . "  To this day I ca n't believe that I was capable of doing something that terrible , " Arias said . "  I 'm truly disgusted and repulsed with myself . I 'm horrified because of what I did , and I wish there was some way I could take it back . " Earlier , Travis Alexander 's sisters gave their victim impact statements . Hillary Alexander said she 's trying to block her brother from her life . "  I do n't want to remember him anymore , because it hurts too much to remember him alive . ... I remember how he was brutally taken from us and I ca n't handle it . This is what I 've had to do so I can cope , " she said through tears . Arias , 34 , was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013 . The jury that convicted her found the murder was especially cruel , making Arias eligible for the death penalty . However , that same jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision on whether she should live or die . A new jury was empanelled in October 2014 to decide Arias ' fate , but they , too , were unable to reach a unanimous decision . Because a second jury was deadlocked in the penalty phase of Arias ' case , the death penalty was taken off the table , leaving Arias ' sentence up to the judge . Arias will serve her sentence at the Lumley Unit in the Arizona State Prison Complex-Perryville near Goodyear , Arizona .	Jodi Arias is sentenced to life in prison with no possibility for parole Arias expressed remorse for her actions
CNN  -- When Al Charette traveled to the North Pole , he went under it . The USS Nautilus , the world 's first nuclear-powered submarine , made history when it reached the North Pole on August 3 , 1958 , beneath the ice . Charette , who was part of that Cold War crew , recalls how this milestone was of much more significance than being a historical first . "  What we did , " he says , "  is really expose 3,000 miles of coastline of the U.S.S.R. " Submarines , which submariners call boats , played a pivotal role in intelligence gathering and nuclear deterrence at a time of political tension between the United States and Soviet Union . Attack submarines sought out and tracked Soviet ballistic missile submarines , while U.S. Navy missile boats tried to keep from being discovered . "  We did n't want to make any kind of a noise that a fish did n't make , " the 79-year-old Charette remembers . The Cold War may be remembered as a conflict without any battles , but for submariners , the danger on the front lines was real . Jack Gallimore started on diesel-electric submarines , including the USS Hardhead and the USS Sablefish in 1958 . Cat-and-mouse games of two superpowers aside , risks remain even today for sailors who head out beneath the waves , says Gallimore , now 73 . "  All the submariners , " he says , "  when they go to sea , they 're in harm 's way . " Gallimore remembers an incident that happened during the turnover of older diesel subs to the Greek navy . He and other crew members acted as observers during the training phase . During a dive , the boat angled down steeply and the propellers shook . The sub managed to surface eventually , yet Gallimore insisted the danger was part of the job . "  We 've all experienced when something went wrong , " Gallimore says . Before any sailor can be called a submariner , he has to earn his "  dolphins , " a pin that 's the equivalent to a pilot 's wings . The sailors must qualify on the submarines they are to serve by knowing the systems inside and out . The training and testing are rigorous . Greg Kane , 63 , another Cold War veteran , qualified on the ballistic missile sub USS George C. Marshall . Earning that qualification was an enormous source of pride , he says . "  When you had those dolphins on , " he says , "  you were a submariner . You were a part of the brotherhood of the fin . " The standards to be part of that "  brotherhood " exist to this day . Surrounded by a hostile environment at all times while submerged , any mistake by a single submariner could prove dangerous or even fatal for the entire crew . "  My life depended on my other shipmates , " says retired Master Chief Bud Atkins , 77 , "  and it did n't matter whether they were a seaman or a captain . " Atkins , who spent time in diesel-electric and nuclear-powered boats , served below the waves from 1950 to 1980 , when he retired . In addition to meeting these tough standards , submariners also faced the responsibility of knowing their boats might have to launch nuclear warheads at a foreign country . Kane , who maintained the launching systems for Polaris missiles during the Vietnam War era , says crew members underwent vigorous psychological testing well before even seeing a submarine . Various scenarios were thrown at them : What if your boat was called to launch a strike ? Could you do it ? "  The whole idea was really being aware of what the world situation was , what the dire consequences would be if you ever had to go through it and what would happen ... if you did n't have a deterrent force out there to stop something like that from happening , " Kane says . Tom Russell , whose 20-year Navy career took him on a variety of vessels , also served on fleet ballistic missile boats in the 1960s . "  We just hoped that every time we went to battle stations that it was a drill because we all knew if it was not a drill , home would be in pieces , " says Russell , 82 . All these retired submariners speak of their service with pride , but they are guarded when it comes to details of their missions long ago . Charette grows nostalgic when recalling how a submarine could be in harbor or along a coastline and go unnoticed . Or suddenly surface somewhere unexpectedly just to send a message . Asked if he could describe any of these experiences , he replies with a grin , "  Not that I care to talk about . "	The USS Nautilus was the first submarine to reach the North Pole in 1958 Submarines played pivotal role in intelligence gathering and nuclear deterrence in Cold War Submariners face rigorous training and high standards to qualify
CNN  Let 's just say -- hypothetically -- you found yourself in possession of Ecstasy while in Ireland on Tuesday . No worries . Everything was cool , because it was n't illegal Tuesday . Wednesday could be a different story . An appeals court ruling invalidating one section of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1977 made the controlled substances it had regulated legal for at least one day . The Independent newspaper of the United Kingdom said Ecstasy , ketamine and magic mushrooms were three of the temporarily legal drugs . The Court of Appeal ruled those drugs and others had unconstitutionally been added to Section 2 of the law . "  We prepared for this possibility . Legislation was prepared and approved in advance by Cabinet , " Minister for Health Leo Varadkar said in a written statement . The government had to get the new legislation through parliament so the drugs added to the law since 1977 could be considered illegal again . It should happen within 24 hours , the Department of Health said Tuesday . Drugs such as cannabis , cocaine and heroin remained illegal as did the sale of "  psychoactive substances . " The Independent said past convictions for some drug offenses will be called into question but The Journal of Ireland said the court 's decision will impact only cases currently in the judicial process .	Court of appeals rules certain parts of drug law are unconstitutional The catch : It 's still illegal to sell the drugs Irish government is rushing to fix law
CNN  -- It used to be safe to say that most of us do n't go looking for crime on our vacations , but that 's not true anymore . Crime fiction travel , a juicier version of the well-worn literary pilgrimage , is a popular way for people to see the world . "  A lot of people read crime fiction in advance of visiting a new city . Once there , I think it 's natural to see how the real place aligns with the one on the page , " says best-selling crime novelist Laura Lippman , whose main character Tess Monaghan is a reporter turned private investigator living and working in Baltimore . A sense of place is vital to creating realistic crime fiction , but writing about a place people know and can visit presents challenges , notes Lippman , a former Baltimore Sun reporter . "  If you want to write about a real place , you better get it right , or you 'll hear about it , " she says . When authors succeed , their books and characters can become forever linked with the locations in which the books are set . Here are five destinations whose local authors get it right . Grit on wry : A dinner with Elmore and Peter Leonard Baltimore Thanks to her Tess Monaghan series , including the Edgar Award-winning "  Charm City , " Laura Lippman has become an ambassador for her home city of Baltimore . When the city hosted the annual Bouchercon World Mystery Convention in 2008 , a self-guided tour of "  Laura Lippman 's Baltimore " was developed for fans who wanted to see the sights the way Tess sees them . One destination is the Fell 's Point neighborhood where Tess lives , and even manages to detect crime while bedridden , "  Rear Window " style , in 2011 's "  The Girl in the Green Raincoat . " Other tours cover neighborhoods north and south of Baltimore 's Washington Monument in downtown Baltimore and include local landmarks such as the Enoch Pratt Free Library , which Lippman mentions in most of her books . Among the qualities that endear Tess to fans are her unabashed love of food and her loyalty to her favorite neighborhood haunts . They include the Daily Grind and Kali 's Mezze in Fell 's Point , Lexington Market south of the Washington Monument and Matthew 's Pizza , where Lippman recommends the crab pe . Author uncovers thrilling world of ` An American Spy ' Brattleboro , Vermont Mention Vermont and the mind fills with images of bucolic farms and snow-covered mountains . Crime novelist Archer Mayor , who also works as a death investigator for Vermont 's Office of the Chief Medical Examiner and as a detective for the Windham County  Vermont  Sheriff 's Office , sees those things and others . His police detective protagonist Joe Gunther is more than likely to gaze out at the Connecticut River near Brattleboro and find a body floating on the surface , as was the case in Mayor 's 2007 novel "  Chat . " Brattleboro , Joe Gunther 's home turf , embraces its position as Vermont 's fictional crime center and the entire state of Vermont embraces Archer Mayor . At 12 Vermont Welcome Centers , including Guilford on I-91 near Brattleboro and Williston North and South on I-89 between Montpelier and Burlington , a new lending library program lets visitors pick up a print or audio edition of an Archer Mayor novel to enjoy while they travel and to return when they 're done . Lodging packages with an Archer Mayor/mystery fiction theme are available in Brattleboro , Burlington , North Bennington and Waterbury . The Brattleboro Literary Festival takes place in October . The past year has not been kind to Brattleboro . A fire severely damaged the historic Brooks House hotel and much of the town 's Main Street , and rains from Hurricane Irene flooded the downtown area . But Vermont 's natural beauty remains unblemished . Edinburgh , Scotland Five years ago Ian Rankin retired his Edinburgh detective John Rebus when the fictional character reached mandatory retirement age for Scottish police . Yet after 20 years and 18 Rebus novels , Rankin and his hard-driving detective had become indelibly linked to Edinburgh . Since 2000 , Rebustours has offered two-hour guided walking tours that start at Rebus ' favorite pub , the Royal Oak , and incorporate readings from the Rebus novels plus mentions of other local writers , Arthur Conan Doyle and Robert Lewis Stevenson among them . Ian Rankin has his own interactive Rebus ' Edinburgh map at his website , and he recently updated his Ian Rankin 's Edinburgh app , available on iTunes and Google Play . One reason for this flurry of activity is the hotly awaited return of his detective . "  Rebus : Standing in Another Man 's Grave , " a new Rebus novel , will be released in the United Kingdom in November and in the United States in January 2013 . Rankin fans visiting Scotland in September should also take advantage of Doors Open Days , an annual program that offers access to buildings and sites not usually open to the public . The scheme inspired Rankin 's 2008 stand-alone art heist novel "  Doors Open . " A TV adaptation of that novel , starring Stephen Fry , is in production . Gaborone , Botswana Alexander McCall Smith helped devise the tours based on his No. 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency novels that have been run by Africa Insight since 2003 . The novels , which feature Precious Ramotswe , a "  traditionally built " woman of unspecified age , are so charming and gentle it might be surprising to learn that many of the characters and places mentioned in them are drawn directly from real life . Stops on the tour vary but typically include Mma Ramotswe 's house on Zebra Drive  a private residence  , her birthplace in the village of Mochudi , and a visit to the "  orphan farm " where Mma Ramotswe meets Motholeli and Puso .  Mma and Rra are the formal terms of greeting and respect for women and men , respectively , in Botswana . The full-day tours have changed over the years as more books have been written -- the newest in the series , "  The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection " was released in April -- but the core tour stops come from the earlier books and a cup of Mma Ramotswe 's favorite red bush tea is always on the itinerary . Half-day tours , walking tours and two-day tours that include a visit to the Mokolodi Nature Reserve also are available . Sweden We can thank Sweden for the current popularity of crime fiction tours ; the country is rife with them . Even the beautiful , tiny fishing village of Fjällbacka in the Bohuslän region of West Sweden , which typically sees its population drop to 1,000 individuals in the off-season , now receives a steady of flow of visitors who want to see the locations mentioned in Camilla Läckberg 's best-selling Erica Falck novels , starting with "  The Ice Princess . " Henning Mankell 's Inspector Kurt Wallander is resentful about working in Ystad , a small city in the Skåne region of southern Sweden that he considers a backwater . Yet visitors now flock to Ystad from all over the world for the "  In the Footsteps of Wallander " self-guided tour .  You can follow the route by map or by app .  The tours feature locations from the books and from both the Swedish and British TV series based on them .  "  Wallander Series III , " starring Kenneth Branagh , will air on PBS "  Masterpiece Mystery " in September with episodes based on "  An Event in Autumn , " "  The Dogs of Riga " and "  Before the Frost . " Not surprisingly perhaps , the most popular crime fiction tours in Sweden are the Stockholm tours based on the Millennium Trilogy by Stieg Larsson . The Stockholm City Museum sells maps for self-guided Millennium Tours and conducts two-hour guided tours focusing largely on the residential Södermalm neighborhood where fictional journalist Mikael Blomkvist works and where fictional computer hacker Lisbeth Salander lives . It hardly matters that Blomkvist and Salander do n't "  work " or "  live " in a real sense ; "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo " and its sequels made them real enough for travelers to want to visit them . The man behind ` The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ' Do you have a favorite crime fiction destination ? Share your tips below .	Fans want to visit fictional Baltimore detective Tess Monaghan 's favorite food haunts Vermont brings to mind bucolic farms and mountains , not bodies floating in the rivers Tours dedicated to fictional detective John Rebus start at the character 's favorite pub The No. 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency tour includes a cup of Precious Ramotswe 's favorite tea
CNN  Pit bulls may not be the first dogs everyone thinks of when it comes to cute , cuddly canines . But one photographer aims to change that with a new series of portraits . Some very cute images of pit bulls wearing flower crowns started popping up on Facebook this weekend after the Sean Casey Animal Rescue in New York posted them . They are the brainchild of New York-based photographer Sophie Gamand , who is partnering with shelters in New York to create pit bull portraits that make you say "  awwww . " With "  Flower Power : Pit Bulls of the Revolution , " Gamand says , she hopes to "  challenge the way we look at pit bulls " by giving them a softer image . Gamand and Sean Casey Animal Rescue staff members credit the images with increasing pit bull adoptions since the postings . Who knows , could this canine couture be part of the latest trend in weddings ?	Photographer Sophie Gamand takes portraits of pit bulls wearing flower crowns The photos are being used to encourage pet adoption
EW.com  -- There was a chance that two fewer Emmys would be handed out during the telecast this year -- until now . On Thursday , the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences ' Board of Governors reversed its decision to consolidate the Outstanding Lead and Supporting categories for actors and actresses in movies and miniseries . Last year , the board -- in hopes of streamlining the annual telecast and making it , well , less boring -- voted to reduce the total number of categories by eliminating two of the telefilm actor categories . But production of movies and miniseries has since increased  hi , "  The Bible ! "  so the board reversed its decision . So this year , there will be four categories for Outstanding Lead Actor and Actress , and Supporting Actor and Actresses . ` Dexter ' : Season 8 officially its last Reducing the number of categories during the three-hour telecast has long been the goal of the Big Four networks , which pay for the privilege of broadcasting the kudofest -- even though many of the golden statues go to premium and basic cable recipients each year . The miniseries categories , in particular , have been dominated by cable actors . The entry deadline for the 2013 Primetime Emmy Awards is Friday , May . Nominations will be announced on July 18 for the telecast that 'll air on CBS Sept. 22 . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	It was originally decided that two Emmy telefilm actor categories would be eliminated The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences ' Board of Governors has reversed its decision This year there will be four categories for Outstanding Lead Actor/Actress and Supporting Actor/Actresses .
CNN  -- Bijan Pakzad , an Iranian-American fashion , fragrance and jewelry designer , died Saturday , according to an outgoing message at his Beverly Hills , California , boutique . He was 67 . "  Today , Saturday April 16 , 2011 , at 8:05 a.m. , our dear Dr. Bijan Pakzad passed away peacefully with his family members at his side , " said the recording . The message offered no further details . Bijan , as he was known , counted heads of states , presidents and kings among his clients and boasted on his company 's website that it was the "  most expensive in the world ! " He was born in Tehran on April 4 , 1944 , according to the website . He went to school in Switzerland and Italy and traveled throughout Europe before settling in the United States and starting his business in Beverly Hills , it said . Bijan is quoted on the website as saying : "  The world said to conform . The world said to settle for less . The world said compromise and no one will know ... so I made my own world ! "	Bijan , as he was known , died Saturday morning He was born in Tehran , Iran , and lived in Beverly Hills , California Bijan counted heads of state , presidents and kings among his clients
CNN  -- For years , Allan Munroe refused to leave his wife 's side . Norma , his bride of more than six decades , was battling stage four lung cancer . As her health declined , Munroe welcomed the distraction of his second love : the Boston Red Sox . He kept his TV tuned to his favorite team 's games to keep his mind off losing the woman he describes as the "  better part of himself . " Norma Munroe died in May . Angela McKinnon said that after her grandmother 's death she knew she had to get her grandfather to Fenway one last time , if only because of his age and health . "  After everything that happened , it was a horrible ordeal . We were talking about how life is short , and you just kind of have to make things happen , " she said . Next weekend , Munroe will travel 1,000 miles to see his favorite team play in person for the first time in 50 years . His dream is coming true thanks to the generosity of strangers and a crowd-funding page his granddaughter set up . McKinnon decided to start a GoFundMe page called "  ShipGpaUpToBoston "  named for the Dropkick Murphy 's song "  I 'm Shipping Up To Boston , " a Boston sports team anthem . "  Now is the time for my grandfather 's wish to come true , because no one is guaranteed tomorrow , " she wrote on the website . Munroe has had a number of medical setbacks in the past few years , including recently breaking his hip and being in the early stages of dementia . The family had no money to get Munroe from his home in Florida to Fenway . McKinnon asked for help , but the donations came in slowly . She then started tweeting her grandfather 's story to everyone she could . Eventually , McKinnon 's mission to get her grandfather to Boston caught the attention of one very important member of the Red Sox organization : owner John Henry 's wife , Linda Pizzuti Henry . Pizzuti Henry e-mailed McKinnon , saying in part : "  Your grandfather sounds like an incredible man . Best of luck with your trip . I will happily provide game tickets , lunch at the game , and a private tour of the ballpark . Let me know the number of tickets needed . " Red Sox spokeswoman Zineb Curran said Pizzuti Henry read about Munroe 's story on Twitter and was "  touched by how the Red Sox provided such comfort to him while his wife was sick and how his family was doing what they could to create a special experience to share with him . " McKinnon says the response from friends and strangers has been amazing . With the help of the Red Sox and other Boston-area businesses pitching in for the family 's airfare and hotel , any money left over from the donations raised will be donated to the Jimmy Fund , an organization that raises funds for adult and pediatric cancer care . Before the game , the family plans to visit a commemorative brick they bought for Munroe that reads "  Allan Munroe Has 2 Tru loves , Norma & The Sox . "	Allan Munroe , 87 , is a lifelong Red Sox fan His wife , Norma , died in May Munroe 's granddaughter set up GoFundMe page to raise money for trip to Fenway He 'll see his first in-person game in 50 years next weekend
NEW YORK  CNN  -- David Letterman told his audience Thursday that he is the victim of an alleged extortion attempt and admitted to having sexual relations with several members of his staff , according to a press release from his production company . David Letterman admitted to having sexual relationships with female staff members , his company says . Letterman made the announcement during taping of the "  Late Show . " "  This morning , I did something I 've never done in my life , " Letterman told his audience , according to a release from Worldwide Pants Inc. "  I had to go downtown and testify before a grand jury . " The 62-year-old funnyman said he received a package three weeks ago from a person who claimed to have information about Letterman 's sexual dalliances , ultimately demanding $ 2 million to prevent public revelation . Letterman said he went to the Manhattan District Attorney 's office , which conducted an investigation , and an arrest was made earlier Thursday . In his grand jury testimony , Letterman said , he revealed the relations with members of his staff . "  My response to that is , yes I have , " he said . "  Would it be embarrassing if it were made public ? Perhaps it would . I feel like I need to protect these people -- I need to certainly protect my family . " It is not known when the sexual encounters with staffers took place . Letterman married long-time partner Regina Lasko in March . The couple , who have been together since 1986 , have a son , Harry , 6 . Letterman has been host of "  Late Show with David Letterman " on CBS since 1993 after leaving NBC , where he was host of "  Late Night with David Letterman " for 11 years . "  Late Show " airs at 11:30 p.m. "  Late Night " aired an hour later .	Letterman tells audience he is the victim of an extortion attempt Host says someone threatened to reveal sexual relations unless he paid $ 2 million Host admitted having sexual relations with staff members in grand jury testimony Letterman makes revelation during his show 's taping on Thursday
CNN  -- Filmmaker James Cameron may be about to set out on the first solo dive to the Mariana Trench , the deepest known point of the world 's oceans , but sojourns to the darkest recesses of the sea are far from the sole preserve of intrepid would-be record breakers . For wealthy enthusiasts with a passion for underwater endeavors , delving into the deepest and most mysterious ocean basins is a niche but accessible form of adventure tourism . Several companies around the world offer midrange dives of between 1,500 and 3,000 feet , but only specialist tour operator Deep Ocean Expeditions takes paying customers to depths of 10,000 feet and beyond . The UK-based company has been running trips since the late 1990s that can cost between $ 30,000 and $ 350,000 , depending on the location . Filmmaker James Cameron to visit deepest ocean depths With the help of Alfred S. McLaren , a retired U.S. Navy captain , honorary director of the Explorers Club and deep ocean pilot with more than 30 years experience , CNN takes a look at the most exciting deep ocean adventures on offer to paying tourists . The Titanic The most famous cruise liner ever built now rests 12,500 feet below the surface of the North Atlantic Ocean . Tourists have been able to visit the ship 's ghostly grave on Russian Mir submersibles leased by Deep Ocean Expeditions since the early 1990 's , although the trips have been intermittent and will cease after the 100th anniversary of the vessel 's sinking next month . Voyages cost in the region of $ 30,000 when the tours began , but those partaking in the eight-hour dive have to part with a sum closer to $ 60,000 these days . For Titanic enthusiasts , however , witnessing the mythical vessel in its final resting place is a priceless if slightly morbid experience , says McLaren , who has piloted several expeditions . "  It is a very eerie site , " he says . "  When you see people 's personal belongings like suitcases and jewelery , it really makes you realize the sheer scale of the human tragedy . " The Bismarck Another behemoth of the sea to meet its end in the North Atlantic was the German World War II vessel Bismarck . The battle cruiser went down during its first offensive mission at sea in 1941 -- the British Navy claimed to have sunk it , but the Germans countered that the ship was scuttled to prevent it falling into enemy hands -- and now rests 15,000 feet below the surface . Swedish treasure hunters mysterious deep sea find Only a handful of people , including McLaren , have glimpsed Bismarck since its demise , but Deep Ocean Expeditions is planning a trip to the wreck site this year . "  My experiences of visiting Bismarck are vastly different from the Titanic , " McLaren said . "  The ship is remarkably well preserved , and my first impressions were not of tragedy but of a menacing enemy ship . " "  It 's not until you see the boots of the German sailors scattered around the place that you get a real sense of history and realize the number of men who perished , " he added . The Mid-Atlantic Hydrothermal Vents Situated roughly 300 miles from the Azores , Portugal , the hydrothermal vents of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge are a towering chimney-like formation of rocks that bellow out a volcanic black mist at depths of nearly 10,000 feet . All manner of strange and unaccounted for life forms have evolved in this fascinating environment hidden away from human eyes for millennia , McLaren said . "  We know so little scientifically about life at these depths that some of the species that live down there are hard for us to fathom , " he adds . Deep Ocean Expeditions offers trips to this alien landscape that , like dives to the Titanic and Bismarck , are expensive and infrequent -- although a Mir submersible voyage to the hydrothermal vents is scheduled for mid-2012 . Voyage to the bottom of the sea For those able to afford such a daring mission , a mesmerizing ecosystem where the conditions for life are like no other place on Earth awaits discovery , McLaren says . The Arctic depths and beyond Although there are currently only a handful of sites where tourists can pay to delve into the darkest ocean abysses , McLaren believes that deep sea tourism has the potential to become a major industry in years to come . With science budgets being cut in many countries , taking wealthy tourists on voyages to the deepest recesses of the oceans could be a great way to fund important research explorations , he says . The deep basins of the Arctic Ocean , which have been cut off from the world 's oceans for 2 million years , are some of the most interesting deep sea dives that have yet to be accomplished , McLaren explained . With the advances in submersible vehicle technology -- such as the advent of the Super Aviator and Orca Sub , which can reach depths of 15,000 feet and offer increased underwater maneuverability -- all that 's missing is the political and financial will to fulfill such missions , McLaren says . By opening deep sea adventures up to private tourists , he adds , science and human exploration could benefit greatly .	Wealthy tourists can voyage to the bottom of the sea with specialist tourist companies Expeditions visit the wreck sites of historic vessels such as the Titanic and Bismarck Deep sea tourism could take off soon , says marine specialist Capt. Alfred S. McLaren
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Osama bin Laden and his deputy Ayman al-Zawahiri are believed to be hiding close to each other in houses in northwest Pakistan , but are not together , a senior NATO official said . "  Nobody in al Qaeda is living in a cave , " said the official , who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the intelligence matters involved . Rather , al Qaeda 's top leadership is believed to be living in relative comfort , protected by locals and some members of the Pakistani intelligence services , the official said . Pakistan has repeatedly denied protecting members of the al Qaeda leadership . The official said the general region where bin Laden is likely to have moved around in recent years ranges from the mountainous Chitral area in the far northwest near the Chinese border , to the Kurram Valley , which adjoins Afghanistan 's Tora Bora , one of the Taliban strongholds during the U.S. invasion in 2001 . Tora Bora is also the region from which bin Laden is believed to have escaped during a U.S. bombing raid in late 2001 . U.S. officials have long said there have been no confirmed sightings of bin Laden or Zawahiri for several years . The area that the official described covers hundreds of square miles of some of the most rugged terrain in Pakistan , inhabited by fiercely independent tribes . The official also confirmed the U.S. assessment that Mullah Omar , the leader of the Taliban , has moved between the cities of Quetta and Karachi in Pakistan over the last several months . The official would not discuss how the coalition has come to know any of this information , but he has access to some of the most sensitive information in the NATO alliance . Analysis : The finger is being pointed at Pakistan However , Richard Holbrooke , the U.S. special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan , said there was nothing new to what the official was saying . "  We hardly have a day that goes by where somebody does n't say they know where Osama bin Laden is , " said Holbrooke , who was in Rome , Italy , for a conference on Afghanistan . Another U.S. official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said the exact locations for bin Laden and Zawahiri are unknown , other than that they are "  somewhere in the tribal areas of Pakistan near the Afghanistan border . " "  If we knew where he was -- in a house , an apartment , a villa or an underground cave or bunker -- we would have gotten him , " said the official . "  We ca n't rule out he may be in a cave one day and a house in a city on another . " The official referred to CIA Director Leon Panetta 's comment a few months ago that the United States has not had any precise information about bin Laden 's whereabouts for many years . "  He is , as is obvious , in very deep hiding , " Panetta said . "  He 's in an area of the tribal areas of Pakistan that is very difficult . " As for Pakistan 's role , Holbrooke said it was ultimately up to Islamabad to decide how to craft its fight against militants . "  The United States and our allies -- all would encourage them to do as much as they are able to do , " Holbrooke said . "  There 's been a long discussion about whether ... they would go into other parts of the border area . That is for them to decide on the basis of their resources . " Pakistan 's Interior Minister Rehman Malik said Monday that similar reports of bin Laden and Mullah Omar 's whereabouts have proven false in the past . Malik denied the two men are on Pakistani soil , but said that any information to the contrary should be shared with Pakistani officials so that they can take "  immediate action " to arrest the pair . The NATO official , who has day-to-day senior responsibilities for the war , offered a potentially grimmer view than what has been publicly offered by others . "  Every year the insurgency can generate more and more manpower , " despite coalition military attacks , he said . Although there has been security progress in areas where coalition forces are stationed , he said in other areas , "  we do n't know what 's going on . " He pointed to an internal assessment that there are 500,000 to 1 million "  disaffected " men between the ages of 15 and 25 in the Afghan-Pakistan border region . Most are Afghan Pashtuns , and they make up some of the 95 percent of the insurgency who carry out attacks just to earn money , rather than to fight for a hard-core Taliban ideology , he said . The official said it is now absolutely vital for the Afghan government to address the needs of this group with security , economic development and jobs in order for the war to end and for Afghanistan to succeed . "  We are running out of time , " he said . In recent days , Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , has made a number of public statements expressing some optimism about the progress of the war . Petraeus "  does n't think time is running out , " his spokesman , Rear Adm. Gregory Smith , told CNN . The NATO official said the entire scenario is made more complex by the fact that "  there is a huge criminal enterprise " in Afghanistan , dealing in human , drug and mineral trafficking . Those crimes are also tied in to the insurgency . He acknowledged the overall strategy now is to increase offensive airstrikes and ground attacks in order to increase the pressure on the Taliban and insurgent groups to come to the negotiating table with the current Afghan government . There is a growing sense that many insurgent leaders may be willing to accept conditions such as renouncing al Qaeda because they want to come back to Afghanistan . But , the official cautioned , hard-core Taliban groups such as the Quetta Shura run by Mullah Omar , the Haqqanis , the HiG  Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin  and the Pakistani Taliban still could potentially muster as many as 30,000 fighters . The U.S. continues to face a more localized insurgency in the south . In places like Marja and the Helmand River Valley , the majority of the fighters captured are within a few miles of their homes . The insurgent leader Mullah Abdullah Zakir has increased his strength in the south , the official said . He essentially exerts some levels of control and influence both in the greater Kandahar region and across the south from Zabul to Farah province . The official continued to stress the urgency of getting the Afghan government to deal with the multitude of problems it faces . Right now , the U.S. war plan approved by President Barack Obama extends through 2014 , the official said . That is the official document that spells out matters such as troop rotation schedules . The U.S. military could sustain a war " ` indefinitely , " the official said . But the goal is to achieve reconciliation and allow the Afghan government to function and provide security and services to the people . Without that , he said , "  we will be fighting here forever . " CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome , Italy , and Pam Benson in Washington contributed to this report .	"  Nobody in al Qaeda is living in a cave , " official says The leadership is living in relative comfort , he says Bin Laden likely moved around in an area of rugged terrain U.S. special envoy says there 's nothing new to the report
New York  CNN  -- Work on the National September 11 Memorial Museum has been halted over a budgetary dispute , delaying its opening , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . "  There 's no chance of it being open on time . Work has basically stopped , " Bloomberg said during a press conference Thursday . The museum was scheduled to open on the 11th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . Bloomberg blamed the holdup on "  disagreements " with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which is responsible for a portion of the project 's financing . "  The Port Authority has to spend money to do the infrastructure that they agreed to , " the mayor said . "  We have a legitimate claim against the Port Authority for delays for roughly $ 140 million dollars which has increased our cost . " Bloomberg did not specify when work on the museum halted . The Port Authority did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Bloomberg 's disclosure of the setback came the same day the National September 11 Memorial & Museum Foundation announced that more than a million people have visited the site since it opened on the 10th anniversary of the attacks . The memorial features two large reflecting pools in the footprints of the two towers . Located underground in the former World Trade Center 's "  archaeological heart , " the museum will feature 110,000 square feet of exhibition space , according to the website for The National September 11 Memorial & Museum foundation . It will house a vast array of 9/11 artifacts , including "  photographs , videotapes , voice messages , recovered property , clothing and other personal effects , workplace memorabilia , -LSB- and -RSB- incident-specific documents , " among other items . Bloomberg sounded a note of optimism , telling reporters that both sides would come to "  some agreement pretty soon . " He also said he thought the disagreement would not require judges to resolve it . "  I do n't think it 'll get to the court . "	"  There 's no chance of it being open on time , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg says The museum was scheduled to open on the 11th anniversary of the terror attacks Bloomberg blames the delay on the Port Authority on New York and New Jersey
CNN  -- Imagine an apple-cheeked telephone operator from the early 1900s happily plugging in wires to connect Person A to Person B . Now imagine a kajillion operators doing that at the same time . That 's kind of how the WWW works , linking up humans so that we 're now a mere 4.74 degrees of separation away from any human on Earth  take that , Kevin Bacon !  . Much of that interaction is unintentional , the smashing of two particles that happen to sideswipe each other while commenting on the same YouTube video or clicking through Christian Mingle profiles . But sometimes we purposely reach out to join hands across the Internet . And , as with every social interaction online , some people seriously foul up the digital outreach . Here , some basic guidelines for polite e-introductions . When e-mailing a complete stranger Err on the side of formality , using "  Dear  name  " over "  Hey ! " Explain exactly what you want out of an e-mail correspondence  "  to tell you about my small business " or "  to see if you 'd be open to a brief informational interview " makes a lot more sense than "  to network with you "  and add a little flattery to sweeten the deal  i.e. , why you found the target worth e-mailing  . Keep the whole thing to a paragraph or less and hope for the best . Should it go unanswered , you can just blame his or her overtaxed inbox . When contacting someone you 've met Begin by reminding them of how you met with an identifying detail . If it was a networking event , for example , simply announcing , "  It was great to meet you at the anachronistic Mardi Gras-themed mixer last week ! " wo n't do the trick . You 've got to add something like , "  I really enjoyed chatting about the true definition of a beignet and your years at Company X. " When you know Person A and Person B and are introducing the two Several times in life , you 'll have to play the role of connector , answering a friend 's plea to connect her to someone else in your circle . This is the kind of delicate social dance that used to need much instruction -- witness the flipping long chapter on doing it in real life within Emily Post 's 1922 tome , "  Etiquette . " When connecting , say , a nonprofit employee who 's planning to ask your D-list celebrity friend to participate in a phone-a-thon , the most polite option is to privately contact the fading star first and ask if she 'd mind if you linked them up . If you 're confident that everyone involved will be happy with the connection , though , you can just go ahead and put them both on a "  Bleeding Heart , meet Has-Been " type e-mail and then slip graciously into the background as they have their conversation . Oh , and pay attention to which e-mail addresses you 're giving out -- if you 're connecting a job seeker with an employed friend for networking purposes , he 'll probably prefer to be contacted via his work address , not his private one . When asking your friend to introduce you to someone After your benevolent contact has made the intro , take him off the reply-all chain  so he is n't trapped in the e-mail crossfire as you two discuss the cupcakes-for-kitten-spaying fundraiser you 're planning  , and separately write to her to say thanks . Then follow the immortal words of the Beatles and just let it be . Do n't ask her to follow up with you if the D-lister does n't respond , and do n't blame her for a lack of response . Again , we 're all drowning in e-mails , LinkedIn messages , Facebook notes and other beeping and blooping messages . If that person ca n't help , just go back to the drawing board -- the one with a kajillion operators connecting humans at dizzying rates .	As with every social interaction online , some people seriously foul up the digital outreach Here are some basic guidelines for polite e-introductions When e-mailing a stranger , err on the side of formality , using "  Dear  name  " over "  Hey ! "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A boy playing with matches started a Southern California wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said Tuesday . A firefighter talks on a radio while battling the Buckweed blaze on October 22 . The Buckweed Fire , which destroyed 21 homes on its rampage , began October 21 in the Agua Dulce community . "  Our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the Los Angeles County Fire Department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Deputy Tony Moore told CNN 's "  American Morning " Wednesday . "  After talking with that juvenile , he admitted to playing with matches , and accidentally starting the fire in that area , " he said . Watch what 's next for young suspect " The boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents , police said . The case will be presented to the Los Angeles County district attorney for possible charges . According to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection , the Buckweed Fire burned 38,526 acres . Sixty-three structures , 21 of them homes , were destroyed , and three civilians and two firefighters were injured . The sheriff 's department said the fire forced the evacuation of about 15,000 people . As of Tuesday , 18 of 23 wildfires in Southern California were completely under control , and the remainder were at least 70 percent contained , according to the Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . The fires are blamed for 14 deaths and charred more than 508,000 acres , destroying about 1,600 homes . Five people were arrested in arson probes last week , and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Saturday vowed to "  hunt down " people responsible for setting wildfires . Authorities said Saturday they were following 1,700 tips about a white Ford F-150 pickup seen near the origin of the sprawling Santiago Fire in Orange County . Witnesses reported seeing the 1998-2004 model truck with chrome tubular running boards on Santiago Canyon Road on October 21 at about the time the Santiago Fire started . Authorities said last week they had found evidence at the scene , although they declined to describe it . "  If I were one of the people who started the fires , I would not sleep soundly right now , because we 're right behind you , " Schwarzenegger said , urging the culprits to turn themselves in . E-mail to a friend	"  He admitted playing with matches and starting the fire , " says police report Boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents Buckweed Fire burned 38,000 acres , destroyed 63 structures , 21 of them homes
Financial Times  -- The Huffington Post is planting its flag in Germany , striking a partnership with Burda 's Tomorrow Focus to bring its mix of news , blogging and social commenting to readers in Germany , Austria and Switzerland . The start of a German edition , timed for the country 's elections in September , would become the seventh international launch for the splashy online news and commentary site owned by AOL as it sets to build a global new media empire . Since expanding its footprint to Canada and the UK in 2011 , the Huffington Post has joined with prominent media companies to launch non-English editions in France , Spain and Italy . Editions and partnerships are in the works for Japan , Brazil , Russia , India , South Korea , Morocco , Mexico and Australia . "  The international expansion has been a dream of mine from the beginning , " Arianna Huffington , president and editor-in-chief of The Huffington Post Media Group , told the Financial Times . "  We are taking the HuffPo editorial and technology DNA everywhere . We also are creating a group of international bureaus that can work together on stories . " The Huffington Post 's global expansion stands in contrasts with traditional news organisations that are bleeding revenues and cutting staff . The Huffington Post has not turned a profit since it was acquired by AOL for $ 315m in 2011 , but executives said traffic and ad revenues were growing . The site would make money , they said , if it were n't building new ventures such as the international editions and digital video . AOL reports earnings on Friday . "  One of our strategies has been to invest inside the disruption , " said Tim Armstrong , AOL 's chief executive . "  That strategy , although it looked overly bold , allows us to get into some interesting areas . " Each international outpost -- outside Canada and the UK -- is set up as a joint venture , where the Huffington Post contributes its technology system and the traditional media outlet contributes its promotional power and understanding of the market as well as its ad sales team . Together , the groups hire an editorial team of about 12 people , usually led by a prominent Ms Huffington-like figure , such as prominent French journalist Anne Sinclair for the Huffington Post 's French outpost . The Huffington Post spends no more than $ 2m per market and splits the costs and the profits with its partners , said Jimmy Maymann , chief executive of the Huffington Post Media Group . Executives at Tomorrow Focus and Le Monde , which is working with the Huffington Post in France , said that they decided to link up with the Huffington Post rather than go it alone so that they could tap into the new media group 's tech knowhow . "  We are looking for a scalable model for news portals of the future , " said Christoph Schuh , a member of the management board of Tomorrow Focus . The joint venture comes as the Huffington Post has agreed to a distribution deal with Mark Cuban 's AXS TV network in the US to repurpose its live online video content for cable television . HuffPo Live , which launched last August and has been dubbed the CNN for the digital age , airs online . But under the deal with AXS , it will broadcast six hours a day on AXS TV , which is available in 41m US homes . "  We 're in an era where social media drives live TV and live TV drives social media , " said Mr Cuban , who owns and operates AXS , with partners that include Ryan Seacrest , Anschutz Entertainment Group and Creative Artists Agency . For HuffPo Live , the deal gives the nascent operation access to new viewers -- and potentially more lucrative advertising partners . The convergence of online video and traditional TV is accelerating , said Roy Sekoff , president and co-founder of HuffPo Live . "  We want people to engage with our programming . If we can create that next generation news network ... that 's a great place to be . " © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Huffington Post is starting a German edition in September It 's the seventh international launch for the AOL-owned site Partnerships and editions are planned for eight additional countries
CNN  -- A man suspected of fatally shooting an Iowa football coach Wednesday was released from a hospital the day before , without the knowledge of police , who had asked to be notified , authorities said . Ed Thomas had been with the school district for more than 30 years and was well-known in the region . Mark Becker , 24 , faces first-degree murder charges in the death of Ed Thomas , 58 , a longtime football coach at Aplington-Parkersburg High School . Investigators believe Becker walked into the school 's weight room , where Thomas was overseeing athletes ' weight lifting , about 7:45 a.m. Wednesday and shot him multiple times as about 20 horrified students looked on . Thomas was flown to a hospital , where he later died . "  It 's just too early to speculate " on a motive for the shooting , said Kevin Winker , assistant director of the Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation . Authorities said Becker was a former student at Aplington-Parkersburg , which is about 100 miles northeast of Des Moines , Iowa , and a former football player . The agency , however , noted that Becker had "  recent contact " with police in Cedar Falls , Iowa , about 25 miles to the east of Parkersburg . On June 20 , Becker led police on a high-speed chase after he allegedly broke into a man 's house , according to a division statement . He was taken into custody , but early the next morning authorities determined he needed medical attention and he was taken to a hospital . Police asked to be notified when he was released , the statement said . But on Tuesday , Becker was released and spent the night at his parents ' Parkersburg home before heading to the high school Wednesday morning , the division said . "  Law enforcement was unaware that Becker had been released . " Cedar Falls police earlier said in a statement that they responded June 20 to a report of a man breaking several windows in a Cedar Falls home with a baseball bat and driving his car through a garage door . Just before officers arrived , the man fled the scene in his car and was seen leaving the area . Becker was arrested after a pursuit that reached speeds of more than 80 mph , Cedar Falls police said . He was taken into custody by Butler County authorities and later taken to a hospital for a psychiatric evaluation , according to the statement . "  Cedar Falls police was awaiting notification that the subject was to be released from custody in order to arrest Becker and file the charges relevant to the Cedar Falls incident , " according to the police statement . He faces felony charges of criminal mischief and eluding authorities , along with traffic offenses , in the Saturday incident , Cedar Falls police said . Winker would not provide further details about why Becker was transported to the hospital . A 911 call was received at 7:47 a.m. Wednesday regarding the high school shooting , the Division of Criminal Investigation said . Becker was located in the driveway of his parents ' home , where he was arrested without incident . Coincidentally , Becker had been released from the same hospital where his alleged victim died -- Covenant Hospital in Waterloo , Iowa . Thomas had been with the school district since 1975 and was a regionally well-known coach , according to district Superintendent Jon Thompson . The coach 's son , Aaron Thomas , spoke briefly to reporters Wednesday , saying that his father would want to be remembered not only as a coach , teacher and father , but also for his involvement in his church , calling him "  a man of deep faith who touched many lives . " "  God always has a reason , " he said . "  At this time , it 's very tough for us to understand that . " He thanked the community for an outpouring of support , recalling residents ' struggle to rebuild after a deadly tornado struck the Parkersburg area last year . But he also reminded residents to have concern and compassion for Becker 's family . "  We ask that people pray for them as well , and that people take time to comfort and be with them , " he said . "  I know that my father 's legacy ... will live on , " Aaron Thomas said . "  Without a doubt , we 're going to miss him . We will have many great memories to share and to think back upon . We were lucky to have the father we had ... I feel very fortunate to be the son of Ed Thomas . " No students were injured or threatened in Wednesday 's incident , authorities said . The school was placed on lockdown immediately . Crisis counselors were on the scene to assist students who witnessed the shooting , Thompson said . A vigil was planned in Thomas ' honor Wednesday night . CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Mark Becker , who faces murder charges , had "  recent contact " with police NEW : Police say they were n't notified suspect was released from hospital On June 20 , Becker led police on a high-speed chase after an alleged burglary Coach Ed Thomas has died after being shot inside a school
AUSTIN , Texas  CNET  -- IMDb founder Col Needham said the massively popular movie database has set as its major goal for the future to add one-button streaming for all of the 1.3 million titles it indexes . IMDb , the popular movie database , hopes to add one-button streaming for all of its 1.3 million titles . Obviously , the vision is a long-term one , Needham acknowledged , and it faces hurdles from the slew of content owners who control the vast library of titles the Internet Movie Database provides information about , but as a leading movie-oriented site , it 's a very important goal to articulate in public . Needham was speaking Monday afternoon at the South by Southwest  SXSW  Film Festival here . Oddly , though his talk was part of the film festival , the room was packed almost entirely by attendees of the associated SXSW Interactive Festival . Ostensibly , Needham was talking about the history of IMDb -- from its founding even before the advent of the World Wide Web , to its launch as a dot-com site to its being bought by Amazon.com . But late in the talk , he explained how he wants to make it possible for the 57 million monthly unique visitors to the site to watch , with the click of one button , all the movies , TV shows , and other video content indexed on the site . It will be difficult to fulfill the vision , Needham said , "  because many of the films may not exist anymore and many may not be available for streaming . " But these days , free or paid streaming of movies is available from a number of sources , including : Netflix , Hulu , TV.com  a part of CBS Interactive , which publishes CNET News  , Amazon , iTunes , and others . Each of those sources , though , has its own arrangement with the content owners , so for IMDb to get access to the entire library would be a massive undertaking . Still , rather than being a throw-away line that did n't carry any weight , Needham reiterated at the end of the talk that the vision was one of the company 's major goals for 2009 and beyond . Already , IMDb has begun adding streaming content to the site , a program that began in September . Right now , Needham said , there are 14,000 full-length TV episodes and a couple of thousand full-length movies available on the site , as well as 120,000 other pieces of video content , many of which are movie trailers , interviews , and featurettes . And he said that the site is adding thousands of new pieces of video content per week . At that rate , however , it 's sure to take the site quite some time to achieve the goal . Needham said he imagined a time three years from now when we will all look back at early 2009 , when so many media sites are trying to solve the problem of making content available to those who want it in the face of resistance from the Recording Industry Association of America and Motion Picture Association of America , and we 'll shake our heads at where we were at . "  We 'll laugh at how little we knew about what business models would work , " Needham said . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	IMDb hopes to add one-button streaming for all of the 1.3 million titles it indexes IMDb founder Col Needham outlined this vision Monday at the SXSW festival The vision is a long-term one and faces hurdles from movie-content owners IMDb has 57 million monthly unique visitors
EW.com  -- My relationship with the who-should-play-Christian-Grey timeline goes as follows : I wanted Matt Bomer the entire time I read the Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy ... right up until Charlie Hunnam was announced . Then I inexplicably got very excited for Hunnam 's portrayal of the troubled billionaire . And now that Hunnam has dropped out of the film , I 'm left feeling 50 shades of empty and confused . Do I want Matt Bomer again ? Or do I want someone like Hunnam , with a lesser-known face  or one that 's usually covered in hair  ? Before I could make sense of any of it , I read that Oliver Stone told The Wall Street Journal that Leonardo DiCaprio was his choice for the coveted role . At first , my thoughts reflected my feelings about Ben Affleck being Batman : No , thank you . But after some soul searching and many Google Images , I ca n't help but think DiCaprio would make one intriguing Christian Grey . It 's definitely a film I would see , and here 's why it would work : He 's got those eyes . If you want to be literal about it , DiCaprio does have some gorgeous blue-gray eyes . And he almost has that copper hair E L James wrote of so fondly . I 'll be the first to admit that his heartthrob phase is behind him , but at the end of the day , DiCaprio is still quite pretty . Plus , he 's always stayed in good shape , and getting Christian 's abs is just a matter of a good personal trainer and a few months of dieting . He 's good at dark-and-twisted . Christian Grey is a tortured soul . His journey is a dark one , and his obsessions all stem from a very raw , emotional place . And if DiCaprio can do anything , it 's play a character that is so layered and broken down and yet puts up this playboy front for the crowd  Gatsby , anyone ?  . He can be scary . Let 's keep it real here : Christian Grey can be one scary dude , whether he 's defending Anastasia or punishing her , and that aggressive side of a character is another element DiCaprio is darn good at â $ " even when the veins are n't popping out of his forehead . He would give the film a certain credibility . No one can deny that seeing DiCaprio 's name on the Fifty Shades of Grey poster would add an additional level of credibility to the film , both in that the standard of acting would automatically increase , and DiCaprio 's acceptance would mean that the role intrigued him . And to be honest , I can see how it would . The books might be considered soft porn to some , but Christian really is a fascinating character , if you 're able to look past the exterior . He would expand the film 's audience . Much like I argued that Hunnam would bring in a new Sons of Anarchy audience , DiCaprio 's universal appeal would reach out to many more than just those who read the books . He 's a great romantic lead . Christian has many sides as a character , and one of those is extremely romantic . And if Titanic taught us something  other than to stay away from icebergs  , it 's that DiCaprio is very good at being the romantic leading man , even one with a twisted mind . I know he 's a bit old , but this is Hollywood , people . And have you seen him in a suit ? Although I by no means expect this casting to happen , it certainly expanded my views on who could play Christian . What about you ? Are you still waiting on Matt Bomer , or are you ready to accept the next twist thrown at you ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Fifty Shades " still needs a new Christian Grey Why nor Leonardo DiCaprio he writer asks ? Oliver Stone has said the actor is his choice for the role
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A few hundred people on Sunday marched in Brooklyn to protest last week 's fatal beating of a 31-year-old Ecuadorean man -- an incident authorities say may have been a hate crime . Jose Sucuzhanay was beaten December 7 after leaving a party at a church . The demonstrators -- holding signs reading "  No more hate crimes " -- walked a half-mile in the neighborhood where police say Jose Sucuzhanay was hit in the head with a bottle and beaten with an aluminum baseball bat on December 7 . Sucuzhanay died of his injuries Friday at Elmhurst Hospital , hours before his mother arrived in New York from Ecuador , his family said . Police said Sucuzhanay 's attackers yelled racial slurs ; no arrests have been made in the case . One of his brothers , Diego Sucuzhanay , said Sunday he is convinced the attack was a hate crime . "  Nothing was taken from him , " said Diego Sucuzhanay , who did n't join the demonstration , opting instead to help his mother make arrangements to return the body to Ecuador . Watch marchers protest against hate crimes " Police said Jose Sucuzhanay and his brother Romel had left a party at a church when several men approached them in a car in Brooklyn 's Bushwick section , about a block from the brothers ' home . The men shouted anti-gay and anti-Latino vulgarities and attacked the brothers , police said . Romel , 34 , escaped with minor scrapes and has talked with detectives . Police have released a sketch of one possible suspect in the case . Police are offering a $ 22,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in the attack . In a statement , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg called the attack "  a pointless and gutless crime . " He promised authorities would find and prosecute those responsible . Family spokesman Francisco Moya said Jose Sucuzhanay had lived in the United States for more than a decade and was a legal resident . Diego Sucuzhanay said Jose set up a successful real estate business in a low-income area , thinking he could make a difference there . He said his brother wanted to help everyone and hired a diverse team , including four African-Americans and two Latinos . He was raising two children : a 9-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter . "  We were proud of him , " Diego Sucuzhanay said . He said the family had wanted Jose 's mother to get to his bedside before he died . Doctors told them Jose was brain dead since the attack , and that machines kept him alive until his heart failed Friday . At a press conference Sunday outside the hospital , Diego Sucuzhanay touched his chest and said : "  My heart is broken , but my brother 's -LSB- memory -RSB- will live on . " Asked in an interview with CNN how his brother would be remembered , he paused several seconds and answered : "  For being the victim of a hate crime . " Though he did n't participate in the demonstration , he said he was grateful to those who did , and that everyone needs to practice tolerance . "  We definitely have to speak out , " he said .	Police say December 7 beating of Jose Sucuzhanay may have been a hate crime Authorities say attackers shouted racial slurs ; Sucuzhanay died Friday Brother : He 'll be remembered as "  a victim of a hate crime "
Foss Lake , Oklahoma  CNN  -- It began as routine training with new sonar equipment on an Oklahoma lake . But what highway patrolmen found from their boat was macabre . It was a car . And , as they were to discover later , there were bones and skulls inside . Then , equally surprising , they found another car . And it had bones inside it , too . Rusted and caked with mud , a 1952 Chevrolet and a 1969 Chevrolet Camaro held as many as six bodies . The recovery of the vehicles and remains Tuesday have residents near Foss Lake , a reservoir about 110 miles west of Oklahoma City , wondering whether two mysteries -- involving disappearances that the town of Sayre never forgot -- can finally be put to rest . Investigators say they believe one car may have belonged to a teenager who disappeared with two friends in 1970 , and the other car could be linked to the disappearance of a man in the 1960s who a federal official says was with a sibling and a friend , officials told CNN and its affiliates KFOR and KOCO . Darrell Splawn , a diver with the Oklahoma Highway Patrol , was sent down on Tuesday , one week after the sonar located the corroding vehicles . They were right next to each other , at a depth of 12 feet and 50 feet from a marina . Visibility was almost nil . He , like others , had no idea how the vehicles -- which faced in different directions -- came to be in the lake . Splawn located an open door and felt a shoe . "  It did n't really cross my mind as to a body being there . It could have just been a shoe , " the trooper told CNN on Wednesday . Skeletal remains were seen when the car was brought to shore . Now authorities are trying to positively identify the remains , a process that could take years , and try to learn what happened . So much time has passed in the two cases that the son of one missing person is now 85 and struggling with dementia . Young motorist was supposed to go to football game Custer County Sheriff Bruce Peoples told KOCO that one of the cars , the Camaro , may have belonged to 16-year-old Jimmy Williams , a Sayre teenager who disappeared in 1970 with two friends : Thomas Rios and Leah Johnson , both 18 . Rios had just moved to Sayre from Oklahoma City with his mother and stepfather about four months before his disappearance , the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System website said . The three teenagers went missing the night of November 20 , 1970 , when they went for a ride around Sayre in Williams ' blue Camaro with a white top , according to the Doe Network , a volunteer organization helping law enforcement in solving cold cases . Williams was supposed to be going to a football game in Elk City , but he may have instead gone hunting on a road called Turkey Creek with Rios and Johnson , the Doe Network website said . The website includes photos of the Camaro and cites Williams ' family as its source of information . The three teens never returned home . The car was never found , and its vehicle identification number never surfaced on any databases . Williams ' Social Security number was never used , the Doe Network said . Sayre residents were horrified after the disappearances and held a candlelight vigil for the teens as recently as four years ago . "  A lot of people showed up , and it brought awareness , " said Dayva Spitzer , co-editor and publisher of The Sayre Record & Beckham County Democrat weekly newspaper . "  It was very nicely done . " Police Chief Ronnie Harrold told CNN that local residents have been making up their own theories about what became of the three teens for the 26 years he 's been there . A grandfather disappears and leaves no trace Debbie McManaman said she believes the older car contains the remains of her grandfather , John Alva Porter . Porter , then 69 , was traveling in a green Chevy with a sibling , Alrie Porter , and friend Nora Marie Duncan , 58 , on April 8 , 1969 , when they all went missing , said Mike Nance , regional system administrator for the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System . "  It 's been so long -- 44 years . There are a lot of things in between there we ca n't answer , because we do n't know , " McManaman told CNN on Wednesday . "  His bank account was there , his house was locked up . Utilities were on . He just walked away . " John Porter used to ride bulls and take part in Wild West shows . At the lake , Ervie Porter , the son of John Porter , watched as investigators crawled around the cars . Now 85 , the younger Porter suffers from dementia . He told CNN he has spent a long time searching for his father . "  Still looking for him . But this is going to help me a whole lot . " Divers search in , around vehicles After the two cars were pulled out , dive teams with the Oklahoma Highway Patrol scoured the lake bottom again . "  The divers then went back in the water and searched around , " said spokeswoman Betsy Randolph , "  and found a skull . " Splawn said he found a skull , femur and some smaller bones during the additional search . "  This is the first time this has ever happened to me , " he said . After thorough searches , both vehicles were towed away Wednesday evening . Trooper George Hoyle was operating the sonar equipment that last week spotted the two vehicles . Foss Lake is down substantially because of a drought and that could have been a factor in the discovery , officials said . Hoyle said he hopes families now will receive answers . "  It feels very good to us to be able to help them get that closure so they can have some resolve and serenity in their own lives , " he said . Taken : The oldest cold case ever solved Identification of remains will take time The Oklahoma chief medical examiner 's office will examine the remains once they are removed from the vehicles and "  will possibly try to match DNA of those remains with known surviving family members , " a Custer County Sheriff 's Office statement said . The remains will be first evaluated by using any identification cards , jewelry and teeth found on the bodies , said Chief Medical Examiner Eric Pfeifer . A muddied wallet , a purse and two corroded rifles were among the items recovered . Authorities cautioned Wednesday , however , that positive identification could take years . The state anthropologist , Angela Berg , will examine the remains . "  Scientific identification of these remains will be attempted using anthropological and if necessary , forensic pathological methods , " Chief Administrative Officer Amy Elliott said in a written statement . "  Depending on the features of these remains and their state of preservation , identification can take anywhere from days to years . In some cases , if the DNA is degraded , positive identification using scientific means may not be possible . Evidence in killing of former beauty queen points to ex-priest In December , state anthropologist Berg coincidentally began looking into the cold case of the Porters and Duncan and then contacted Nance after she discovered that another cold case existed about a second vehicle with three missing teens in the same area , Nance told CNN . When authorities discovered the two cars and remains of six people , Berg called Nance for information on the six missing persons , which the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System maintains , he said . NAMUS recently coordinated with law agencies the collection of DNA from the family of Duncan , the woman who went missing along with the Porters , and the federal agency posted her name on its website , Nance said . A topic of discussion , speculation since 1970 Sayre , a town of about 4,000 residents , largely depends on gas , oil and agriculture . A prison with about 2,400 beds is just outside of town , which is in Beckham County . Foss Lake is in adjoining Custer County . Three or four sheriffs have tried to solve the 1970 disappearance of the teens , said Spitzer , the newspaper editor . "  It was just a cold case that ran out of clues , " she said . "  There were no leads or clues . " Jimmy Williams worked at a mom-and-pop grocery store , and everyone expected him to return to work the day after he disappeared , said Spitzer . "  There are theories from A to Z , literally . Most people think they ran into bad guys , somebody who apprehended them or something . " Williams ' brother , Gary , told a KFOR reporter that he felt positive that his brother 's body has been found and that the discovery was made in God 's timing , after so many local prayers . "  To the family , it is fresh to them , opening wounds , " said Spitzer . "  For Sayre , it is at least some closure . " Four females brought back to life by new images , DNA tests Daughter tracks down suspect 26 years after dad 's killing CNN 's Jason Morris and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report from Foss Lake , Oklahoma . Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles . Michael Pearson and Phil Gast contributed from Atlanta .	Diver describes searching the two vehicles One man , then 69 , went missing with sibling and friend in 1969 while in a 1953 Chevy Routine police training with sonar gear leads to macabre discovery at lake bottom One car contains bones and skull ; a second car also has bones
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Asia 's affluent middle classes have long been eager to enroll their kids in the West 's elite schools but now they no longer need to travel as far to do so . Some of the most notable names in British and North American education are establishing campuses across Asia as they seek to tap into the region 's multi-billion dollar international school market . On Monday , Winston Churchill 's alma mater , Harrow , opened its doors to 750 students in Hong Kong . The 500-year old British fee-paying school already has outposts in Bangkok and Beijing . Last week , some 350 children began their schooling at Marlborough College in Malaysia . The $ 50,000-a year boarding school in the rural British county of Wiltshire boasts Kate Middleton as a former pupil . Other prominent schools targeting Asia include Wellington College and Dulwich College in China , Branksome Hall in and Dwight School in South Korea , Epsom College in Malaysia , and Haileybury in Kazakhstan . According to ISC Research , international schools are no longer the preserve of expatriate kids . Around 80 % of pupils come from the wealthy local population seeking an English-language education . This compares with 20 % three decades ago . "  International schools are now big business and there are many well-funded groups buying and building schools , " ISC said . "  The proportion of schools run for profit is increasing significantly . " Asia dominates the market , with 53 % of all international schools . "  Based on fee income alone , the present value of the market is Â # 18.9 billion  $ 30 billion  . Within 10 years we predict that to increase to Â # 30 billion , " said Nicholas Brummitt , ISC Research 's managing director . Governments in Malaysia , Thailand and South Korea have been actively promoting themselves as education hubs . Bob Pick , master of Marlborough College Malaysia , said the school would appeal to those who wanted to experience a UK education but remain close to home and family . He also said that Marlborough offered a "  holistic approach " to education . "  Our curriculum inculcates in pupils an appreciation of the arts , sports and the natural environment , as well as social responsibility and moral values , " he said . Fees are not cheap but long waiting lists for international schools in places like Hong Kong and Singapore suggest that demand is strong . At Harrow International School in Hong Kong annual fees go up to HK$ 160,000  $ 21,000  . Parents or their employers also have to make a payment of between HK$ 600,000  $ 77,000  to HK$ 3 million  $ 385,000  to secure a place . In Hong Kong , an influx of expatriate workers in recent years , combined with international schools ' growing popularity among locals , has lead to a severe shortage of places . Many parents put their child 's name on waiting lists at birth and business groups have warned the situation is deterring companies from hiring expatriate staff with school-aged children . The Hong Kong government extended a HK$ 273 million interest-free construction loan to Harrow but critics said the move was too generous and more support should have been given to local schools .	Prominent names in British and North American education open schools in Asia Recent openings include Harrow in Hong Kong and Marlborough College in Malaysia They want to tap into the region 's growing elite education market
CNN  -- Eight former executives and agents of Siemens AG and its subsidiaries have been indicted in a bribery scheme alleging that they paid or promised Argentine officials $ 100 million to land a contract worth 10 times as much , the U.S. Justice Department said Tuesday . They are charged with violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , wire fraud and money laundering . None of the defendants named in the indictment is in the United States . Justice officials said those involved in the decade-long scheme are from Germany , Switzerland , Argentina and other countries . According to the indictment , the Siemens executives paid millions in bribes in 1994 to secure a bid to create a national identity card system in Argentina . After the project faced suspension in 1999 , the defendants are accused of promising even more bribes to the next presidential administration to keep the project afloat . To top it off , once the project met its demise in 2001 , Siemens filed an arbitration claim against Argentina claiming wrongful termination of the contract and seeking $ 500 million in lost profits . The company hid from the proceedings that it had illegally acquired the contract in the first place , the indictment said . Justice Department officials praised Siemen 's cooperation and said the company that has 60,000 employees in the United States played a large and cooperative role in exposing the alleged conspiracy . The eight indicted men include Uriel Sharef , former member of the central executive committee of Siemens AG ; Herbert Steffen , former CEO of Siemens Argentina ; and Andres Truppel , former CFO of Siemens Argentina . Also named in the indictment are Ulrich Bock , Stephan Signer and Eberhard Reichert , former senior executives of Siemens Business Services ; and Carlos Sergi and Miguel Czysch , who were agents of Siemens in the alleged bribe scheme . "  There were few lines these executives were not willing to cross , " said Robert Khuzami , director of enforcement at the Securities and Exchange Commission . Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer said , "  Today 's indictment alleges a shocking level of deception and corruption . " In short , the company committed to pay more than $ 100 million in bribes to win the $ 1 billion contract , Breuer said . About $ 60 million was allegedly paid , he said . "  Business should be won or lost on the merits of a company 's products and services , not the amount of bribes paid to government officials , " Breuer said . Ronald Hosko , special agent in charge of the FBI in Washington , said corruption is among the FBI 's highest investigative priorities , adding , "  Foreign bribery is not an acceptable business practice . Backroom deals and corrupt payments to foreign officials to obtain business wear away public confidence in our global marketplace . " If convicted , the defendants could each be sentenced to 20 years in prison and face fines , officials said . CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	Former Siemens officials are accused of paying more than $ 100 million in bribes The bribes allegedly were to get a $ 1 billion contract from Argentina The firm even tried to recoup its losses when the project was terminated , indictment says
CNN  -- President Obama threw down the gauntlet to congressional Republicans at his press conference on Monday . He will not , he asserted forcefully , allow the United States ' credit rating be held hostage by hard-liners demanding budget cuts "  or else ... " In short , the president 's message was that he would not negotiate with fiscal terrorists . He may have sounded adamant and unbending to some . But his position was hardly out of place . Speaker John Boehner and the Republicans in the House of Representatives are holding a gun to the head of the American economy and threatening to pull the trigger if the president does n't bend to their will . On some level , they must realize that allowing the United States to default on financial obligations that Congress itself racked up would not only sow chaos in the financial markets and reignite the recession , but also sign the death warrant for the modern Republican Party . If the GOP -- already a party at odds with science , history , math , women , senior citizens , the poor and minority populations -- were to willfully and recklessly play politics with the full faith and credit of the United States , it would virtually ensure that by 2014 , Democrats would retake the majority in the House of Representatives and expand their edge in the Senate . This could create a nightmare for many on the right : an Obama presidency in which Democrats could press through their full agenda with little resistance . Even the most rabid Republican partisans must recognize that they are playing with fire . News : Obama : We are n't a deadbeat nation They are overreaching in part to help redeem what was widely seen as a defeat for them in the tax deal that was struck at the beginning of the year -- the slight tax increase that was approved for the top 2 % of the population . Of course , it is baffling why any among them would so focus on that small increase and neglect the fact that , with Obama 's assistance , they managed to do what George W. Bush could not and make Bush 's tax plan permanent . No matter , the posturing of Boehner & Co. is designed to make them appear resolute . Unfortunately , it only succeeds in making them look demented . They say growth is the key to balancing the budget , but are pursuing the one policy most likely to derail it . They say they want to balance the budget to improve America 's credit rating and international standing , but they seem willing to do more to damage either than any other Congress in memory . They say they want to force budget cuts but wo n't touch defense spending , the largest and most bloated area of discretionary spending in the budget . They seem to assume that the president will offer some cuts and that they will be able to say their toughness won the day . They think the American people will believe their use of the debt ceiling as a cudgel was principled and perhaps even courageous . They will offer themselves up as protectors of the national economic well-being . Opinion : Senate holds key to fixing Washington This is a lot like a kidnapper expecting to be seen as a hero for releasing his captive . Both parties bear plenty of responsibility for getting America in the fiscal mess we are in today . Both will have to compromise to achieve real progress . Taxes will have to rise more . Defense will have to be cut . Entitlements will have to be sweepingly reformed . Real compromise and courage and principles will be required to a greater extent than either party has embraced or even publicly discussed . But just because neither party has done all it should , that does not mean both are equally responsible for this bizarre and dangerous episode . As the president rightly asserted , and as reasonable people in either party must acknowledge , playing politics with the debt ceiling must be put permanently out of bounds . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Obama challenged congressional GOP on debt ceiling Rothkopf says Boehner and House GOP are bizarrely holding nation hostage He says they must know it will hurt them , but continue ; want budget cuts , but not to defense Rothkopf : Playing politics with debt ceiling must be permanently out of bounds
The air travel debate of the moment -- about seat width on planes -- is an easy one to be seduced by . Airbus released a marketing campaign last month claiming 18-inch-wide seats -- compared to 17 inches -- make sleep much easier and have called on airlines to make these standard in economy-class , long-haul flights . Airlines , so far , have not been enthused with most refusing to be drawn into the debate and others , such as Lufthansa , as diplomatically as possible suggesting it 's a non-starter . It certainly seems like an odd campaign for a supplier to embark on , apparently trying to dictate to customers what they should be buying . But it 's also a rather clever campaign I would argue , a gamble that Airbus does n't need to pay off . There 's a telling quote from the Airbus head of passenger comfort , Kevin Keniston , who says : "  Economy passengers who are not prepared to accept long-haul 17-inch crusher seats ... will choose airlines that offer better seat comfort . We are encouraging them to be aware of the difference an inch makes in long-haul economy . " So on the face of it this campaign is aimed at passengers , who will then supposedly pressure airlines to offer 18-inch-wide seats . The kicker is this -- fliers in economy are unlikely to start demanding anything . The economy expectation Economy fliers get the worst seats , the blandest food , the noisiest cabins and guess what -- we expect that , because we also get the cheapest tickets . Let 's just get there , and get out , is the mentality . It 's not like we 're business or first class fliers who airlines do occasionally listen to . Proof comes in the form of Airbus ' own cabin layout page for the A330 , which promotes economy seating of much less than 18 inches to its clients , even while telling the world 18 inches should be standard . So Airbus puts out the right message to the public , we feel a little better that at least someone appears to be complaining on our behalf while behind the scenes the industry carries on as usual . Well fellow coach-class fliers , it 's time to start speaking up . I recently flew New York to Narita , Japan -- a tortuous 14 hours in an economy-class middle seat , with a coughing , wheezing , hacking old man on one side and a fidgeting iPad/iPhone/iDon ` tcare on the other . After a claustrophobic , knee-bumping , armrest battleground of a flight like that , you 'd think more space would be welcome , right ? There 's an alternate view . Better headrests required It struck me that the problem here would n't be solved by an extra inch of space , nor perhaps even by an extra three inches of space . But maybe it could by headrest design . As I drifted off into a semi-slumber , my noggin had nowhere to go . I was rudely awoken on several occasions by my own skull as it went into a slow-motion collision course with one of my neighbors . The little flick-out flaps -- or "  wings " -- that are now common on airline seat headrests make it about 0.5 % more likely that your head will stay put allowing you to get some good zzzs . So you can keep the extra inch of width -- what I want is a seat that keeps my head in place while I doze . Unfortunately , and as expected , no one was particularly convinced . The airlines I contacted gave the usual sound bites about how great their economy class seats were already , while Airbus just took the opportunity to underline their existing seat campaign . "  Headrests in our opinion are not as critical as seat width , " says Alizée Genilloud , manager media relations at Airbus . "  Some passengers find headrests helpful and some find them uncomfortable . But an extra inch in seat width definitely provides more comfort for all . " A good point , particularly considering that as a six-foot , 80-kilo man , I am probably Mr Average when it comes to size . Fliers bigger than me would likely prefer bigger seats . But would they not also enjoy better headrests ? Who 's responsible ? Boeing refused to be drawn on an area they do n't see as their turf . "  Seat design is handled and decided by the airlines , not the airframe manufacturers . We simply ensure the seats comply to safety standards , " says a spokesman . I suppose as a cheap-fare hunting , bland-food eating economy-class flier , I should n't expect to be taken too seriously . But then I contacted one of the seat-manufacturing companies . "  The headrest is one of the features that can improve the comfort experience during a flight , " says Dr. Mark Hiller , CEO of Recaro Aircraft Seating , promisingly . He goes on to describe a headrest that can be tilted horizontally "  for optimal neck support while sleeping , " with adjustable side bolsters for a better resting position , an "  exceptionally " wide height adjustment range and increased wings . I do n't know whether this is the headrest revolution I 'm requesting , but I 'm glad someone else considers the thing worth at least some effort . Would you prefer wider seats on planes , or are there other areas of cabin comfort you think would improve travel ? Tell us below .	Airbus released report claiming 18-inch seats better for sleeping than 17-inch seats But will passengers start demanding this of airlines ? Headrests also a key focus of design for plane seat manufacturers
CNN  -- A first-edition Harry Potter book was sold for about $ 19,000 , according to an auction house in Dallas , Texas . Normal copies of the Harry Potter books go for under $ 20 , unlike the autographed first edition that sold for $ 19,000 . The soft-cover book was one of 200 copies printed and is a rarity compared with later editions of the popular series that were printed in the millions , the Heritage Auction Galleries said . The book , "  Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , " includes an autograph from author J.K. Rowling . It 's the first book in the Harry Potter series and was published in the United States under the title "  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone . " The auction had estimated that the 223-page book would sell for as much as $ 12,000 . The winning bid of $ 19,120 bypassed expectations , but it was not the most expensive sale of Harry Potter-related items in an auction . Last year , an 800-word prequel to the blockbuster Harry Potter novel series fetched nearly $ 50,000 for a writer 's group and dyslexia charity . That prequel was handwritten and signed by Rowling .	The soft-cover "  Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone " is one of 200 copies The 223-page book includes an autograph from author J.K. Rowling The winning bid of $ 19,120 bypassed auctioneers ' expectations
Kaufman County , Texas  CNN  -- David Crone and his wife were friends with their next-door neighbors , Mike and Cynthia McLelland . They enjoyed life in their quiet , idyllic neighborhood east of Dallas . Tuesday , crime scene tape separating their homes showed that not all was well and peaceful . Deputies and other investigators continued their search for evidence at the home of Mike McLelland , district attorney for Kaufman County . The prosecutor and his wife were were killed there over the weekend . Friends discovered their bodies Saturday , nearly two months to the day after someone killed McLelland 's chief felony prosecutor , Mark Hasse , in a daytime shooting outside the county courthouse January 31 . The Crones were at home during the time frame in which their neighbors were slain . "  I never heard anything , " David Crone told CNN on Tuesday . His dogs were outside part of the time and never barked , he said . A storm passed through early Saturday , he said . The resident said a neighbor who lives farther away claimed to have heard gunshots . Crone said he and Mike McLelland were members of a rifle and pistol club . As state and federal investigators flood this north Texas county searching for clues in the killing of two prosecutors in two months , the 100,000 people who live here can do little but nervously watch and hope . "  The residents are , I think , astounded , " said Delois Stolusky , who has lived in Kaufman , the county seat , for 30 years . "  It 's just , one and one make two . You ca n't keep from connecting these . And it 's just scary because we have no clue of who did the first shooting . And no clue , of course , yet , who did this one . And so , of course , our concern is what 's going to happen next . " The killings have also rattled law enforcement officials , leading to increased security at the Kaufman County courthouse and around the county 's elected leaders . "  I can promise you that all of the people in this courthouse , all of the elected officials , all of the other people who are involved in this investigation , are being very well-protected , " County Judge Bruce Wood told reporters Tuesday . Texas-sized investigation Wood said "  literally hundreds " of investigators are working the case . "  I 'm not sure what time frame we 're on , but I 'm confident that they will find whoever committed this crime , " he said . The investigation is starting from scratch , with no leads in the McLellands ' deaths , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . Nor do officials have any further ideas on who killed Hasse . Who 's killing Texas prosecutors ? McLelland talked to relatives on Friday night , a search warrant affidavit said . Investigators have asked a judge for records of mobile phone calls that were relayed through at least one nearby tower , the documents show . Law enforcement analysts say they believe those behind the attacks had been monitoring and following the two prosecutors , given the locations of the attacks and the brazenness of killing the men where they were most comfortable . The killings have put justice officials across the state on high alert , unsure if or when another such strike might occur . "  This , I think , is a clear concern to individuals who are in public life , particularly those who deal with some very mean and vicious individuals -- whether they 're white supremacy groups or drug cartels that we have , " Texas Gov. Rick Perry said . Some , like Harris County 's district attorney in Houston , are now under 24-hour security . McLelland himself had a sheriff 's deputy guarding his house after Hasse 's death . Exactly why the deputy stopped patrolling the home is unclear . CNN affiliate KTVT said the sheriff 's department removed the security detail because McLelland thought it was unnecessary and did n't want to waste taxpayer dollars . But sources told WFAA a deputy was dispatched to McLelland 's home only as a temporary assignment . The home was equipped with surveillance cameras , but not the kind that constantly record , the affiliate said . Theories abound With little solid information , speculation on who is behind the killings has included a white supremacist gang targeted by Texas and federal authorities last year , drug cartels and someone with a personal grudge against the slain prosecutors . The white supremacist angle gained traction in part because McLelland , in an interview with The Associated Press before his death , speculated that the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas could have been behind Hasse 's slaying . "  We put some real dents in the Aryan Brotherhood around here in the past year , " McLelland told the news agency . Prosecutor gunned down outside Texas courthouse McLelland 's office was one of numerous Texas and federal agencies involved in a multi-year investigation that led to the indictment last year of 34 alleged members of group , including four of its senior leaders , on racketeering charges . At the time , Assistant U.S. Attorney Lanny A. Breuer called the indictment a "  devastating blow " to the organization , which he said used threats and violence -- including murder -- against those who violate its rules or pose a threat to the enterprise . The FBI describes the group as a "  whites only , " prison-based gang operating since at least the 1980s . While authorities have not said whether they have linked the deaths of Hasse and McLelland , or the involvement of white supremacists , Texas law enforcement agencies did warn shortly after the November 2012 indictment that there was "  credible information " the group was planning to retaliate . Frank Meeink , a former white supremacist skinhead , said the group could well be behind the killings . "  The indictment that happened a year ago to this group really hurt the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas , " he told CNN 's "  Starting Point " on Tuesday . "  This is n't an ideology battle here . This is financial . " On the other hand , in the AP interview , McLelland said Hasse was n't involved in the Aryan Brotherhood investigation . And a gang expert said killing public officials does n't fit with the group 's profile . "  This would be a giant leap for them to kill public officials , " said Terry Pelz , a former Texas prison warden and expert on the Aryan Brotherhood . He thinks drug cartels concerned about disruptions in the methamphetamine supply are more likely culprits . Other theories Speculation has also extended to whether the shootings have any connection to the March 19 death of Colorado prisons chief Tom Clements , who was gunned down after answering the door at his home . While authorities have offered no suggestion the crimes are linked , Evan Ebel -- the man suspected of killing Clements -- was once a member of a white supremacist group and died in a shootout with sheriff 's deputies in northern Texas on March 21 . Pete Schulte , a friend of the McLellands and a criminal defense attorney who has worked in the county , said other lawyers and public servants are nervous . "  Having that type of environment going on where people who are just doing their jobs  and  getting assassinated -- this is what this is , elected officials getting assassinated -- and that is sending a chill through the  legal  community and the community in general , " he said . He speculated that the killings were "  personal . " "  If this was a case that somebody was trying to change , they would have been going after witnesses and not the prosecuting attorney , " Schulte said . Michael Burns , McLelland 's former law partner , said prosecutors from several counties have exchanged theories about what happened . "  But frankly , none of us know . " "  We 're used to hearing this sort of thing happening in Colombia or even Mexico . We 're not used to hearing about judicial officials targeted in the United States . It 's hard to say whether this is a local phenomenon that involves only one issue locally there , or whether this is the beginning of a trend . As a prosecutor , I can just tell you , we ca n't ignore it , " Burns said . "  We 're looking out the peephole when the doorbell rings now , where we maybe we were n't before , " he said . Filling a void Kaufman County government offices will close Thursday to allow employees to attend a public memorial service in honor of McLelland and his wife , Wood said . A funeral will follow on Friday . Brandi Fernandez , McLelland 's first assistant district attorney , has been named to lead the office on an interim basis . She will fill that role until the governor appoints a successor . But whoever becomes Kaufman County 's next top prosecutor will have to grapple with the haunting past . "  I wonder if the governor is going to find anyone brave enough to take the job of district attorney , " Kaufman city Mayor William Fortner told CNN . CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Gary Tuchman reported from Kaufman County ; Phil Gast reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan , Carol Cratty and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Neighbors says he did not hear gunshots A gang expert doubts it was a white supremacist group , but a former member says it might be A county official says he 's confident the district attorney 's killer will be caught Mike McLelland was the second Kaufman County prosecutor slain in two months
Time.com  -- Rick Stengel : Abraham Lincoln is in many ways the most compelling figure in U.S. history , yet the popular culture around him in terms of movies has been pretty minimal . Why is that ? Steven Spielberg : It 's one of the big mysteries . They float so many trial balloons with Lincoln 's face every year in the form of advertising , spoofs , parodies , "  Saturday Night Live " sketches , Presidents ' Day commercials . Lincoln has kind of become a caricature . One of the last movies , which I have n't seen in 15 or 20 years , that was about Abraham Lincoln was in the '30s , with Henry Fonda -- "  Young Mr. Lincoln . " I do n't understand why it 's taken so long for anybody , let alone our group , to bring Lincoln to a movie theater . Stengel : You use a fascinating framing device for the movie : the passage of the 13th Amendment , abolishing slavery . Spielberg : The 13th Amendment was critical to Lincoln , because he knew that if the war ended , this would never get through . The South could n't live without slavery . They might cease hostilities , but Lincoln always believed that unless we abolish slavery before this war ends , the end of this war will just be a momentary pause between this war and the next war . So he knew he had to get this thing done , but he did n't have the votes . That 's at the heart of our movie , this fight to get the votes , to do the right thing . Stengel : There 's an English expression , "  Cometh the moment , cometh the man . " How much of it was Lincoln at that moment , or did the moment make him ? Spielberg : Lincoln had the ambition . He had a beautiful vision for America . But I do n't know what kind of progress he would have made without the crisis that fell into his lap . I also do n't know what kind of a president FDR would have become without the Great Depression and World War II , or what Kennedy would ultimately have been remembered for without all of us standing on the brink of nuclear holocaust during the Cuban missile crisis . Time.com : How the greatest living actor became Lincoln Stengel : Let 's talk about his temperament . His leadership style in many ways seems so alien to what we value today . Spielberg : Taking all of his traits -- of long , deep thought , of staring deeply into the future , taking the broad view , respecting the past , exploring deep into the cold depths of himself while his entire Cabinet sat around waiting for him to make a decision about anything -- I 'm not sure there 's a mayoral position that would be suitable for him in this kind of adrenaline-fueled era that we all exist in . Even then , the newspapers were going after him . Stengel : One of the things that comes through in the movie is Lincoln 's relationship with his wife , his relationship with his youngest son . He would get down on the ground all the time . It showed that he was n't that statue that was standing up there 20 feet high . Spielberg : He certainly did everything that he needed to do to hold his family together , not just this country . He had lost -LSB- his 11-year-old son -RSB- Willie two years ago to typhoid fever . Mary spent years mourning the loss of Willie . In -LSB- Doris Kearns Goodwin 's -RSB- book "  Team of Rivals , " what precedes our story is two years of Mary shunning the whole family and spending time holding séances and trying to reach out and communicate across the thin veil to Willie . Lincoln had that burden on his shoulders . He was really carrying a lot of weight during that time . Stengel : Daniel Day-Lewis ' performance integrates all these different sides of Lincoln in a really extraordinary way . What was that like directing him ? Spielberg : Daniel did something at first that made me sad . He wanted to wait a year . And it was a masterstroke , because he had a year to do research . He had a year to find the character in his own private process . He had a year to discover how Lincoln sounded , and he found the voice . He had Lincoln so embedded in his psyche , in his soul , in his mind , that I would come to work in the morning and Lincoln would sit behind his desk , and we would begin . Stengel : I believe you called him Mr. President ? Spielberg : All during the picture I called him Mr. President , but that was my idea . I also wore a suit every day , which I do n't usually do when I 'm directing . Everybody was dressed up in their period wardrobe . I did not wear 19th century wardrobe . I wore pretty good clothes from this era . I just wanted to blend in . We knew we were in the 21st century at all times . But once you stepped onto the stages of the White House , everybody really felt that they were making a contribution to remembering this critical moment in our shared history . See the full story at Time.com . & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Steven Spielberg is bringing Abraham Lincoln to the movies with "  Lincoln " Daniel Day Lewis plays the president , and took a year to prepare Spielberg uses the 13th Amendment as a framing device While war raged , Lincoln also was dealing with personal issues at home
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Navy admiral engaged in sexual relations in the White House in 1990 with a federal employee whom he falsely told he was a widower , according to a report released Friday by the Defense Department . Rear Adm. John Stufflebeem was demoted and fired from his post as director of the Navy staff . In March , when the report was submitted to Pentagon officials , Rear Adm. John Stufflebeem was demoted and fired from his post as director of the Navy staff . Stufflebeem told investigators he could n't remember the name of the woman he had an affair with . He also lied when he told investigators he did not engage in sexual relations with the woman , identified as "  Jane Doe , " the Defense Department 's inspector general 's report said . Jane Doe , who was then unmarried and working for a federal agency , told the investigators the allegations were true , the report said . Her supervisor and Stufflebeem 's superiors supported her testimony . Stufflebeem was convicted April 18 of making false official statements to investigators . After the hearing , called an admiral 's mast , he requested retirement . Jane Doe told investigators that she and Stufflebeem began their affair on an overseas trip in 1989 , that the married admiral told her he was a widower who was raising his children as a single parent and that they had sexual relations several times , including once in a White House room reserved for "  military aides with overnight duties . " She also told investigators that Stufflebeem came to her home on the day in August 1990 when she learned he was married and that she called him "  scum , " shut the door in his face and never spoke to him again . Read the report  PDF "  We found Ms. Doe to be an extremely credible , candid and articulate witness who willingly participated in our interview with the knowledge and support of her husband , " the report said . By contrast , the report said , Stufflebeem 's testimony was "  inconsistent with the weight of the evidence , " and "  it did not appear Stufflebeem 's misstatements in these areas of testimony were inadvertent . " At issue was Stufflebeem 's removal from his post as a presidential aide in 1990 . Stufflebeem testified that he initiated the request to leave his White House post because of "  close family personal problems . " But his superiors testified that he was removed from the post because of his relationship with the woman -- and that he admitted the affair . Jane Doe 's supervisor told investigators that when she learned of the affair from Doe , she confirmed Stufflebeem 's marital status and told Doe what she 'd learned . "  Ms. Doe 's reaction , according to the supervisor , was one of complete surprise and shock , " the report said . The supervisor also said that she telephoned Stufflebeem 's immediate supervisor to tell him of the affair and that when she called a few weeks later to follow up , the supervisor told her that "  everybody in town knew Boomer was f ` ing some bimbo at the -LSB- federal agency -RSB- . " Stufflebeem , however , denied to investigators that he had a sexual relationship with Jane Doe , although he admitted to one kiss and said he had an "  inappropriate relationship " with her because he told her about his marital problems . "  I did not have sex with this woman , " he said during one of two interviews with investigators . Although he told investigators he could not remember the woman 's name , he testified that he "  had to live with shame for a long time " after the "  inappropriate relationship " ended , that he was "  racked with guilt " and "  had a terrible time getting myself right with my family . " "  So I have had a great 18-year career since I left the White House , " he said , according to the report . "  If this is the end of it , then I still leave a rewarded individual , thankful for the blessings that I have had . " Investigators found Stufflebeem 's remarks inconsistent . "  In our view , comments regarding guilt , shame , and the end of a distinguished naval career are incongruous with a physical relationship limited to one kiss , " they wrote in the report . This year , according to the report , the inspector general 's office provided Stufflebeem with its preliminary findings : that he 'd provided "  false and misleading testimony " regarding the nature of his relationship with Jane Doe , his inability to recall her name and his representation to her of himself as a widower . Stufflebeem responded with a vehement denial . " -LSB- I -RSB- find it extremely regrettable , in a case that has such far reaching implications for my career , that you have chosen to question my integrity , " he wrote in a February 15 letter . "  The unfortunate truth in this case is that , as a result of lack of evidence to substantiate the allegation of a sexual relationship and in lieu of investigating the underlying allegations , you have chosen to accuse me of being untruthful as I defended myself against these allegations . " Stufflebeem further castigated the investigators because , at that time , they had chosen not to interview Jane Doe "  in deference to Ms. Doe 's privacy , " according to the report . Doe "  readily agreed " to testify when they contacted her after Stufflebeem 's rebuttal . "  Ms. Doe confirmed that she and Stufflebeem had an extensive physical relationship which began on an overseas trip and lasted intermittently for approximately eight months , " the investigators wrote . "  The relationship included sexual intercourse on approximately one dozen occasions , to include intercourse during overseas travel , in the White House and in her home . " Doe also said Stufflebeem told her that his wife had died of breast cancer , that a woman who answered the phone when she called his home was the children 's nanny and that he continued to wear his wedding ring "  for his daughters who missed their late mother . " According to the report , the investigation began when investigators received an anonymous letter containing "  significant " details about the affair . Investigators had received another such letter in 1999 , but it contained no detail and was not investigated . Stufflebeem became well known in the initial months of the war in Afghanistan , when he often conducted on-camera television briefings as a Pentagon spokesman . He was then deputy director for global operations on the Joint Staff . He was commander of the 6th Fleet from May 2005 to September 2007 . During that time , he was deputy commander of Naval Forces Europe , joint force maritime component commander in Europe , commander of strike and support forces for NATO , and allied commander with Joint Command Lisbon . CNN Senior Pentagon Correspondent Jamie McIntyre contributed to this report .	Adm. John Stufflebeem told investigators he could n't remember name of mistress Stufflebeem lied to mistress that his wife had died of cancer Stufflebeem was demoted and fired from his post as director of the Navy staff Report : Investigators received anonymous letter with "  significant " details of affair
Dar es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- African countries should invest in broadband infrastructure to improve the welfare of their people , according to Ajai Chowdhry , co-founder and CEO of HCL Infosystems , the global IT services provider . The Indian entrepreneur , who is often described as India 's equivalent to Bill Gates , said access to information will be critical in solving many of the continent 's problems . "  I 've a very strong belief that Africa should take a leadership position in putting up broadband right down to every village and you 'll see the change , " he said . "  If you give people information you can actually transform Africa . " Chowdhry was co-chair of the World Economic Forum  WEF  in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania last May . With the theme "  Rethinking Africa 's Growth Strategy , " WEF 's summit focused on the continent 's relationship with major economic partners and looked at its options for a sustainable future . In 1976 , Chowdhry co-founded HCL in a Delhi garage , along with five others deployed emerging microprocessor technology to create India 's first personal computer . He urged African nations to connect to each other in a similar way to the European Union . "  Your power to negotiate becomes better if you all come together , " he said . Connectivity is a familiar issue for Mr Chowdhry . His company , which has now grown to become a global enterprise , with 65,000 employees , has been awarded a major contract by the Indian government to implement "  Pan-Africa " -- a networking project that will enable Africa 's 53 heads of state to communicate over videoconferencing . Mr Chowdhry spoke to CNN about the business ties between India and Africa and his company 's expansion plans . CNN : Is India really eyeing Africa as an investment opportunity ? Ajai Chowdhry : There are many traditional links between Africa and India , for more than 40 years . If you look at 1949 , local currency here in Tanzania was the Indian rupee . A lot of Africans have gone to India to study and for medical tourism , because we have great medical facilities . Our prime minister enjoys also deep connects with different heads of state in Africa , so there 's a lot of interest both from the private sector and the government . CNN : What do Indian companies gain by working in Africa ? Obviously money is the ultimate end but what specifics can they get from Africa ? AC : It 's a question of a billion Indian people and a billion African people -- the problems and solutions in India are absolutely the same as in Africa . So if you actually create products for India they can definitely be sold into Africa and similar solutions can be created . CNN : What 's the importance of the South-South trade ? Have you seen a difference in the past few years ? AC : Yes , there is a deep shift taking place and India specifically is very interested in growing its ties with Africa in many ways . There 's a whole bunch of Indian companies that have actually come and set-up training centers in Africa and more are coming in . CNN : The subcontinent is often lauded for where it 's come from and where it 's now . Why has Africa struggled to match ? You said India has a billion people , Africa has a billion people . Where is that disconnect happening ? AC : Its ' probably the fact that India is one country -- in Africa you are looking at 50 odd countries so obviously there are rules , regulations , governments that are different -- that 's really Africa 's challenge . But if all of Africa comes together , pretty much like what 's happening in Europe , then I think the whole situation will change and they can actually bargain better for cooperation with other parts of the world . Your power to negotiate becomes better if you all come together . CNN : What challenges have you come across in your investments in Africa ? AC : We have n't really found any great challenges , because for us the conditions are so similar . We are quite used to diversity because in India , although it 's one country , there are 30 different states . Plus , what we 've seen is a lot of trust between Africans and Indians because of what 's happened in the past . CNN : What can Africa provide to Indian companies , other than just markets ? AC : Markets are of course very important , but one of the areas we would be looking at is to have other locations to work out from . So maybe one day when we do n't want to do some of the outsourcing work that we do for the U.S. , UK or European companies , then maybe we can actually partner with African companies to actually deliver . CNN : Africa has been long settled with the reputation of providing minerals and raw products . Do you think there is hope for manufacturing and skills now ? AC : Definitely manufacturing because you have to look at your domestic market . India emerged out of the problems in the last years pretty much unscathed , because we have a huge domestic market . But the one area where Africa can make a big difference is by not just looking at putting up roads -- it should look at putting up internet broadband-type infrastructure . One question I 've always answered is why are the poor , poor . The reason why is because they do n't have information . If you give people information you can actually transform Africa . I 've a very strong belief that Africa should take a leadership position in putting up broadband right down to every village and you 'll see the change . If you actually make something like that happen in Africa , the continent will be transformed .	Access to broadband internet is key for Africa 's future , says Ajai Chowdhry HCL Infosystems boss says African countries should ` come together ' like the European Union Both private and public sectors in India are interested in investing in Africa , he says
CNN  -- The European Union has launched a fact-finding mission to determine the causes of the August war between Georgia and Russia , an EU spokeswoman said Tuesday . Heidi Tagliavini , a Swiss dipomat , will head the investigation into what started the Georgian conflict . The eight-month inquiry will examine the facts of the conflict in regard to international law , humanitarian issues and human rights , said the spokeswoman , who did not give her name because she was not allowed to speak publicly . Investigators will also assess the basis for all accusations made regarding the conflict , the spokeswoman said . Heidi Tagliavini , a Swiss diplomat and former United Nations special representative for Georgia , will head the mission , the spokeswoman said . The mission began its work Monday and was due to finish July 31 , 2009 , ending with a report to the EU , the U.N. and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , the spokeswoman said . Georgia launched a campaign against South Ossetia , a Russian-backed separatist territory , on August 7 . The following day , Russian tanks , troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and another breakaway Georgian territory , Abkhazia , advancing into Georgian cities outside the rebel regions . The two sides blamed each other for starting the conflict and have made accusations of ethnic cleansing . Moscow has since recognized South Ossetia and Abkhazia as independent regions .	European Union launches mission to determine causes of Georgian conflict Heidi Tagliavini , former U.N. special representative for Georgia , heads probe Georgia and Russia blame each other for starting the conflict
CNN  Tori Sisson and Shanté Wolfe of Tuskegee , Alabama , camped outside the Montgomery County Courthouse overnight , hoping that when the sun rose Monday , they 'd be the first same-sex couple to be legally married in the county . They arrived at 2 p.m. Sunday and set up their tent . Expecting a crowd -- of mostly media and friends , or their "  chosen family , " as many of their kin do n't approve of their relationship -- they awoke at 5 a.m. Monday to get dressed "  so that when we got out of the tent we 'd look like a million bucks , " Sisson said . Sisson , 24 , and Wolfe , 21 , have known each other for seven years . They 've been dating for two . Last year , the pair got "  spiritually married " in Tuskegee , but it was n't a state-recognized union -- where all the rights and benefits of matrimony are conferred on both partners . They previously considered going to a state that allowed same-sex marriage , but Wolfe balked at the idea . "  We work here and we pay taxes here , and we did n't feel it was right that we 'd have to do that because nobody else does , " she said . Though there were some minor computer problems in issuing their license , their wish soon came true . With one of their godmothers performing the ceremony , they exchanged vows outside the courthouse and kissed as a phalanx of media cameras captured the moment .  One of those cameras belonged to the Human Rights Campaign , a watchdog group involved in marriage equality advocacy ; Sisson works for the organization . Sisson wept , while Wolfe did not . "  One of us has to hold it together , " Wolfe quipped . Sisson 's tears were n't borne solely of the bliss that comes with being joined in union with your beloved . Sure , those sentiments were there , Sisson said , but she cried also because she had been thinking all night about the myriad couples who were denied the opportunity she and Wolfe were able to seize Monday . "  We have the honor to be the first couple in Montgomery County to do this . It 's amazing , " Sisson said , explaining the "  overwhelming and overflowing love I have for Shanté but also for people and the hope I have in my heart that this really means progress here . " Though the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Alabama cleared the way for same-sex marriages to begin Monday in Alabama , the famously conservative chief justice of the state Supreme Court on Sunday mounted a last-ditch effort to stop the weddings , instructing probate judges not to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples . That did n't stop several couples from converging on county courthouses across the state . Probate Judge Alan King in Jefferson County , the state 's most populous , said there appeared to be a larger-than-usual crowd outside the courthouse when he arrived at work Monday . State Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore , who was ousted from his first chief justice post in 2003 after refusing to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building in Montgomery , wrote that his Sunday order on same-sex marriages is necessary to ensure justice in the state . "  Effective immediately , no Probate Judge of the State of Alabama nor any agent or employee of any Alabama Probate Judge shall issue or recognize a marriage license that is inconsistent " with the state code or constitution , Moore wrote in the order . The state code says "  marriage is inherently a unique relationship between a man and a woman . " The American Civil Liberties Union called Moore 's order spurious and reminded Alabama 's probate judges they are sworn to uphold the U.S. Constitution , which outweighs state law on this issue . "  Judge Roy Moore has no authority to trump a federal court 's decision , " said Susan Watson , executive director of the ACLU of Alabama . "  By issuing his ` order , ' he has done nothing but create confusion among the different probate offices across the state . Whereas some counties are issuing licenses to same-sex couples , there are many who are n't . Unfortunately , we have received a number of complaints to that effect . " The Human Rights Campaign has already denounced the order as a "  clear violation of all codes of legal ethics , " and several counties -- including Jefferson , Montgomery and Madison -- have told CNN they intend to issue same-sex marriage licenses Monday . But in Tuscaloosa County , where five same-sex couple were awaiting licenses when the court opened Monday , chief probate clerk Lisa Whitehead said the court would follow Moore 's guidance . "  We will be issuing traditional marriage licenses , " she told CNN . Shelby , Marshall and Houston counties also are declining to issue the licenses , and in Lee County , where two same-sex couples attempted to tie the knot Monday , Judge Bill English said he , too , was "  complying with an order from the chief justice late last night . " Other probate judges were n't sure Moore had the law behind him . "  I was shocked , " King said of his reaction to Moore 's order . "  I 'm old enough to remember the George Wallace stand in the schoolhouse door . I was a kid at the time . " King was referencing the 1963 attempt by then-Gov . Wallace to stop the federally ordered desegregation of schools by blocking black students from entering the University of Alabama 's Foster Auditorium . Contacted before his court opened for the day , King said he does n't want to be on that side of history . After consulting with attorneys who helped him analyze Moore 's order , "  I 'm convinced it 's my duty to follow the U.S. Constitution and the federal court order . At 8 a.m. , we will be issuing marriage licenses to all in Jefferson County . ... I do n't think  Moore 's order  is grounded in legal theory , just like Gov. Wallace in the 1960s was not grounded in law , " he said . Gov. Robert Bentley said he would not punish probate judges who issue the licenses . In a statement that included a link to the U.S. Supreme Court 's dissenting opinion but not the majority opinion that cleared the way for the marriages , the governor said he was disappointed "  a single Federal court judge disregarded the vote of the Alabama people to define marriage as between a man and woman . " He added that he had "  great respect " for the legal process and said , "  We will follow the rule of law in Alabama , and allow the issue of same sex marriage to be worked out through the proper legal channels . " Anyone monitoring the situation in Alabama likely expected Moore to try and block it . Four days after a U.S. District Court judge struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriages on January 23 , Moore hand-delivered a letter to Bentley calling for him "  to stop judicial tyranny and any unlawful opinions issued without constitutional authority . " The federal court that struck down the ban permitted a stay until Monday to allow probate courts to prepare . Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange asked the U.S. Supreme Court to block the marriages until the high court rules on a case on its docket that will decide the fate of same-sex marriages in four states . The U.S. Supreme Court said Monday it would not intervene for now , making Alabama the 37th state  plus Washington , D.C.  to permit same-sex marriages . "  In this case , the Court refuses even to grant a temporary stay when it will resolve the issue at hand in several months , " Justice Clarence Thomas wrote in a dissent . "  I would have shown the people of Alabama the respect they deserve and preserved the status quo while the Court resolves this important Constitutional question . " Strange responded in a statement : "  In the absence of a stay , there will likely be more confusion in the coming months leading up to the Supreme Court 's anticipated ruling on the legality of same-sex marriage . " Strange further advised probate judges to consult with their attorneys "  about how to respond to the ruling . " Opinion : Gay marriage is Alabama judge 's latest battle CNN 's Devon M. Sayers , John Branch , Deborah E. Bloom , Dave Alsup and Ariane de Vogue contributed to this report .	Governor slams ruling but says , "  We will follow the rule of law in Alabama " Some counties defy state Supreme Court chief justice ; others follow his order State chief justice tells probate courts to ignore federal rulings allowing marriage
CNN  -- The wreckage of a C-130 cargo plane that disappeared shortly after takeoff in the southern Philippines Monday night was found Tuesday about two miles  3km  offshore , the Philippines News Agency reported . Searchers have recovered items from the wreckage of the cargo plane . The bodies of two of the nine crew members on board were recovered , the report said . The Philippines Air Force plane was declared missing after the control tower at Davao International Airport lost radio contact with the pilot halfway between Manila and Davao , an Air Force official said . The plane , with two pilots and seven crew members on board , was to have picked up members of the Presidential Security Group for transport to Manila . The wreckage was found at 6am Tuesday by a search team just off the coast of Barangay , San Pedro Extension , Davao City , the news agency said .	The wreckage of a C-130 cargo plane is found close to Philippine coastline The bodies of two of the nine crew members on board were recovered C-130 cargo plane was was going to pick up the Presidential Security Group
Bellevue , Washington  CNN  -- Just a year before turning 40 , Judy Haley was diagnosed with an aggressive form of breast cancer that required an immediate mastectomy . The procedure and the treatments that followed left her fatigued , nauseated and in so much pain that she could n't pick up her 1-year-old daughter or do simple household chores . She also struggled with depression because she needed constant child-care assistance . "  It 's really hard to ask for help , " Haley recalled . "  You want to be competent and independent . ... And then , all of a sudden , you have to acknowledge the fact that you ca n't take care of your daughter all by yourself . " Haley and her husband were both full-time students , so there were also financial concerns . The couple cashed in their retirement to deal with the crush of medical bills . "  I was really bottoming out emotionally , " Haley said . That 's when a friend recommended that she reach out to the Pink Daisy Project , a nonprofit that provides support to breast cancer patients under 45 . Since 2008 , the Pink Daisy Project has helped more than 150 women -- mostly in the form of house-cleaning assistance and gift cards for gas , groceries and restaurants . But according to Haley , it 's so much more . "  It 's hope , " she said . "  Right when I would hit the  emotional  low , there was a gift card ... or the toilet was ` magically ' clean . I ca n't overemphasize the value of that to somebody with cancer . " The founder of the Pink Daisy Project , Debbie Cantwell , can relate to Haley 's plight . She was 41 when she was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2006 . "  I could not even wrap my head around it , " Cantwell said . "  You 're relatively healthy , and they tell you  that  you have a chance of dying . ... It just throws your world upside down . " Cantwell underwent surgery to remove both breasts and 20 lymph nodes . She received eight rounds of chemotherapy and 37 radiation treatments before undergoing breast reconstruction surgery . She blistered , bled , lost all her hair and continued to work full-time as a copywriter and the sole provider for her husband and two young children . Throughout her treatment , however , Cantwell was supported by family , friends and co-workers who pitched in to help her with her daily responsibilities . Co-workers donated vacation and sick leave . Friends brought over meals and took on child-care duties . Relatives helped with mounting costs . "  I just felt so grateful that all these people in my life were there for me and made it manageable , " she said . "  Once I was through with treatment , I could n't possibly pay everybody back . So I decided I was going to pay it forward . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes Through her ordeal , Cantwell met other young breast cancer patients who were struggling through their treatment but lacked the kind of support that she had . She found that many breast cancer foundations exist primarily to raise awareness and funding for research and treatment , not to offset the daily stress on patients ' lives . "  I 'm all for research ; I hope my daughter never has to go through this , " Cantwell said . "  But the Pink Daisy Project 's biggest concern is helping the  young  women that ca n't wait for a cure . ... They 're sick right now , and they need help today . " Cantwell fields grant requests through her website . The grants average $ 400 in value and are designed to cover a woman 's basic needs for about one month , but Cantwell will customize the level and type of support based on need and available resources . The money comes from small fundraisers and personal donations . "  Right now , the Pink Daisy Project is helping women in these small ways , " Cantwell said . "  But eventually , I want to be able to help in larger ways with real practical , tangible things like helping with bills ... helping with the rent , helping with medical payments . It 's so hard to focus on healing when you 've got $ 12,000 in medical bills . " The average age of women diagnosed with breast cancer in the United States is 61 . But according to the Young Survival Coalition , there are more than 250,000 women living in the U.S. who were 40 or younger when diagnosed . "  I think it 's harder when you 're younger , " Cantwell said , "  because you 're a mom , or you 're a college student , or you 're working . You normally felt really good . And suddenly , you feel terrible all the time . " Cantwell said older women also tend to have a larger support system . "  Older women sometimes have grown children to help or a retired husband , or their friends do n't work , " she said . "  Plus , there 's a lot of senior services and Medicaid and disability and Social Security that , younger women , we often just do n't have . " In addition to providing young breast cancer patients with immediate assistance , the Pink Daisy Project has built an online community that connects them and offers emotional support during what can be a potentially isolating time . "  I feel like they 're my sisters , and I just want to do whatever I can to help them , " Cantwell said . "  I cry a lot . I always light a candle when I lose somebody I 've helped . ... It 's unbelievable and heart-wrenching , but it 's just part of the job . ... "  I 'll probably die of breast cancer someday . But I do n't feel sorry for myself . I never have . I want to really make the most of the time I have by doing some good in the world . ... And if the spirit of helping each other were to continue , I 'd feel my efforts meant something . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Pink Daisy Project 's website at pinkdaisyproject.com and see how to help .	The Pink Daisy Project supports breast cancer patients under 45 It was started in 2008 by Debbie Cantwell , a young breast cancer survivor Cantwell said younger patients often find it harder to cope with the stress and lifestyle change Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
HERMOSILLO , Mexico  CNN  -- President Felipe Calderon traveled to Hermosillo on Saturday to meet with health officials as the death toll of a day care center fire there grew to 38 children . A crib and baby seats lie outside a day care center Friday in Hermosillo , Mexico , as police cordon off the area . The cause of Friday 's blaze remained unknown , but investigators concluded that the fire did not start inside the ABC Day Care , Eduardo Bours , the governor of Sonora state said . As of Saturday night , 23 children remained hospitalized , 15 of them in critical condition , Sonora spokesman Daniel Duran told CNN . Another 10 children had been transported to other hospitals : eight to Guadalajara , one to Ciudad Obregon , and one to Sacramento , California . A team of 29 medical experts in Hermosillo were deciding if any more victims would be moved to the Shriners Hospital in Sacramento , or elsewhere . In addition , six adults were injured , Duran said . "  Without a doubt this is the worst disaster we 've had , " Bours told CNN . The president arrived with Interior Secretary Fernando Gomez Mont and Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova to get firsthand updates from doctors and investigators , the state news agency Notimex reported . Calderon ordered the nation 's attorney general to investigate the blaze . Most of the victims died from smoke inhalation and not burns , Bours said . But the fire was enough for the roof to collapse , he added . At the time of the blaze , 142 children were inside the ABC Day Care . The day care is for children ages 2 to 4 , but Bours confirmed that children even younger were among the victims . All the children at the day care had been accounted for by Saturday evening , Bours said . A severely burned 3-year-old girl arrived Saturday at the Sacramento hospital -- where pediatric burn treatment is a specialty -- and was in critical condition , according to Dr. Tina Palmieri , assistant chief of the burn unit . The child was burned over 80 percent of her body , the doctor told reporters . She said the hospital normally can save just over half of the children with burns that severe . In Hermosillo , a large crowd gathered outside of the emergency entrance of the city 's general hospital and many people consoled each other , video from the scene showed . "  They told me that this happened in a matter of five minutes , " Hermosillo Mayor Ernesto Gandara told reporters after surveying the scene .	NEW : President Felipe Calderon travels to Hermosillo to meet with health officials NEW : Officials believe blaze did not start in center ; attorney general to investigate NEW : 23 children remained hospitalized , 15 of them in critical condition One child admitted to Shriners Hospitals in Sacramento , California
JESSUP , Maryland  CNN  -- The beer is flowing , the polka band is playing , and dancers are twirling across the dance floor . Couples dance at Blob 's Park , a dance hall that owes its revival , in part , to the economic downturn . Blob 's Park lives again . The popular Bavarian beer hall and weekend nightspot had closed its doors in 2007 , the victim of an unlikely foe : progress . Developers , eager to build on the 400 acres of prime real estate in the bustling Baltimore/Washington , D.C. , corridor , had purchased the 400 acres upon which the dance hall sat . It was the end of an era for the farmland first owned by Max Blob , a German immigrant , who , among other things , helped found America 's first "  Oktoberfest " 70 years ago . Blob was the great-uncle of Max Eggrel , who grew up on the land in Jessup , Maryland . Standing on that farmland recently , Eggrel recalled the old days . "  We would farm during the week and have a biergarten during the weekend , " Eggrel says . Those weekend events were held in a small , wood-framed building situated between rows of golden crops . The building would come to be known as Blob 's Park , a restaurant , dance hall and German-style biergarten . It opened in 1933 . Thousands of patrons came to know the dance hall , which saw most of its business on Friday and Saturday nights . But time marched on , and developers came calling . "  My brother ran the park until New Year 's Eve  of 2007  , and the rest of my family members decided , with the pressure from developers , to sell the land , " Eggrel says . "  Our land butts right up to Fort Meade and the NSA  National Security Agency  facility , " Eggrel explains . Fort Meade is currently going through major renovation and upgrades on its facility . The fort is part of the Base Realignment and Closure  BRAC  program implemented by the Department of Defense in 2005 that will see thousands of new jobs on base . With all these jobs comes a need for housing , Eggrel says . "  There are people that are going to be working there , and they are going to have to live somewhere , and so this is one of the spots . " Private developers are expected to build townhomes , condominiums and retail storefronts on the rolling hills of farmland where Blob 's Park stands . But that 's somewhere in the future . For now , the economic crisis gripping the country has played a role in the revival of Blob 's Park . With the economic slowdown , developers could n't see spending all the money on building upon the land since there currently is n't a demand . "  The infrastructure is going to take time to develop . There is no water or sewer on the property right now , " adds Eggrel , who still lives on the property . Once the land was sold and Blob 's Park shut down , Eggrel found himself gazing out his front yard at the facade of a dance hall and all the open space surrounding it . "  The building was sitting there , just inviting someone to jump in and bring it back , " Eggrel says . That 's exactly what he set out to do . But it would n't be an easy task . "  To open it back up took a sizable financial risk , " Eggrel says . "  I just had the vision that it could succeed again and be bigger then it was before , and I was just willing to take that risk . " Eggrel took his idea to the developers and a few attorneys . The developers agreed to rent 40 acres of the land back to Eggrel , a small portion compared to the land he grew up on , but it gave Eggrel the right to reopen the doors to Blob 's Park . Eggrel spent five months renovating the hall , and in January 2009 he and his employees reopened the doors to the public . Watch the action on the dance floor " The hall currently has a three-year lease , but Eggrel speculates the dancing could go on for as many as 10 years -- or so he hopes . Eggrel says his customers share a deep affection for his place . For $ 8 , they can listen to or dance to live musicians who play for five hours every Friday and Saturday night . The customers who keep coming back to the hall week after week have as much fondness for the hall as the owner himself . "  Every week someone else comes up to me and thanks me for opening it back up , " Eggrel says . As for the economy and Blob 's Park , Eggrel has this to say : "  I hope it takes a long time to rebound . The longer this place stays open , the happier I 'll be . And so will hundreds of other people . "	Popular Bavarian dance hall opened in Maryland in 1933 Developers bought land , club closed its doors on New Year 's 2007 With slow economy , developers are n't building on the land Family member leases back enough land to reopen dance hall
Now that you have kids , you 've probably realized that there was actually some sense behind all that advice your mother gave you . There is a lot of sense behind some of mama 's advice , but other adages are not quite right . Maybe you can thank her for your perfect posture  even though it took 4,567 reminders to stand up straight  or for insisting on all those family dinners . Then again , some things need not be passed down to yet another generation . Take a look . Mama always said : Eat more ! Kids are starving ! That 's true , but probably not in your house . The clean-plate club is n't where it 's at anymore . It 's important to give kids the chance to stop eating based on appetite , instead of external cues like an empty bowl , says Marilyn Tanner-Blasiar , a pediatric dietitian at Washington University School of Medicine . It helps them stay attuned to their feelings of satiety . When they lose that connection , the risk of becoming overweight goes up . But moms would n't be moms if they did n't worry about their kids ' food . It 's never going to be easy to let go , but if you give them healthy options and allow them to eat when they 're hungry and stop when they 're full , the rest will take care of itself . Mama always said : Do n't sit so close to the TV -- you 'll ruin your eyes Actually , you wo n't , and neither will your kids . According to the American Optometric Association , children ca n't harm their eyes by sitting with their noses practically pressed against the flat-screen . Watching close-up , however , may cause eyestrain , which can lead to headaches , says Dr. Vincent Iannelli , a Dallas , Texas , pediatrician . Eyestrain does n't worsen vision , but it 's not comfortable , either . For healthier viewing , remind your children not to watch in total darkness -- the sharp contrast between the room and the TV can worsen strain -- and have them plop down about ten feet away . But if you have a child who 's always sitting really close , she may be having a hard time seeing . Ask her to scooch to a more normal distance , and if she ca n't see the screen clearly , get her eyes checked . Mama always said : Do n't read in the dark Smart thinking . Just as watching TV in a black void can cause eyestrain , so it goes with reading in low light , says Cathy Doty , a pediatric optometrist in New Bern , North Carolina . And if kids keep it up for long periods  like your voracious reader , who sneaks in extra chapters with a flashlight under the covers  , it can lead to intermittent blurred vision and headaches . All of these symptoms resolve with rest , but this behavior can speed the onset of nearsightedness in kids who are genetically predisposed , says Doty . To protect their peepers , make sure kids have at least 60 watts of light to read under and encourage them to keep books  and computer screens  at arm 's length and to take frequent breaks . Parenting.com : Moms ' dirty little secrets Mama always said : Do n't frown , you 'll get wrinkles Yep , you might . Furrowing your brow millions of times over your life can leave a line or two eventually . So can laughing . There 's no way to avoid it , nor any reason to try . Our facial muscles move to express emotion . And without those muscles , we could n't eat , drink , smile , or kiss . The best way to help protect your kids ' future faces and skin from head to toe ? Load them up with SPF and keep on encouraging all the healthy stuff you already do : Try a vegetable . Run outside and play . And most of all , have fun ! Parenting.com : 12 parenting rules you can break Mama always said : Sit up straight Good one , Nana . Slumping over puts major pressure on the neck , shoulders , and back , not to mention that it keeps the lungs from completely filling . But constantly scolding kids to correct their posture is frustrating . Instead , try to keep your kids active , says Patrice Winter , a physical therapist and assistant professor at George Mason University . It will give their muscles the strength needed to maintain alignment -- without nagging ! Mama always said : That music is too loud It probably is . If you have a kid who goes nowhere without her iPod , there 's a good chance she 's rocking her way to some hearing loss later , says Dr. Craig Derkay , professor of otolaryngology and pediatrics at Eastern Virginia Medical School . If she likes her tunes loud , ask her to take a break every 20 minutes or so . You can also consider springing for noise-canceling headphones : They drown out background sounds , so she 'll be less tempted to turn it up . Mama always said : We 're having dinner together because that 's what families do She was onto something . Kids are more likely to eat a balanced meal when the family dines together , says Kathleen Burklow , a clinical psychologist in Cincinnati , Ohio . And it 's an all-around great way to connect . Do n't stress if you ca n't do it every night  who can ?  ; instead , make the most of the time you have . Parenting.com : 7 snacks that wo n't spoil dinner If you always get the same one-word responses , have the kids ask you questions about your day . Or come up with a few very specific questions for everyone to answer , like what made you laugh today ? What was the nicest thing someone did for you today ? What was the nicest thing you did ? You might be surprised at how much you actually hear . Mama always said : Eat your breakfast Pass it down . There is no doubt that breakfast is the most important meal of the day . Studies have proven that children who eat an a.m. meal perform better in school . Plus , many breakfast foods are excellent sources of calcium , iron , and fiber , all of which tend to be lacking in many children 's diets . If your kids are picky breakfast eaters , have them grab a handful of raisins , some dry cereal , or even some leftover pizza to nibble on when they 're ready . Parenting.com : 13 rise & shine breakfast ideas Mama always said : Put on a coat , you 'll catch a cold The only thing your kid is likely to get from being outside in the cold is ... cold . "  When I was growing up , my grandmother insisted I bundle up in even slightly cold weather because ` getting cold could make you sick , ' " says Sue Stevens of Arlington , Texas . "  I knew from my school health class that she was wrong and that germs make you sick . I let my own son play in the rain , sleep under a ceiling fan , and play soccer in short pants in freezing weather . He never had colds afterward ! " That 's because only cold and flu viruses cause those illnesses . There is some research that suggests that prolonged exposure to chilly temps may dampen the immune system because it puts a strain on the body . But that 's not the same as making you sick . So if your kid wants to tough out the chilly season in his skimpy but oh-so-hip hoodie , save yourself the fight . Let him ! Parenting.com : Take a break ! 30 + easy ways to pamper yourself Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Clean plates are misleading -- let kids stop eating based on appetite , not plate Children ca n't harm their eyes by sitting close to TV , but can get headaches Mom was right about this : Reading in the dark can cause eyestrain
Washington  CNN  -- Who is John Boehner ? Among friends , he 's just one of the guys . When the Republicans gained majority power in the House of Representatives Tuesday , the man poised to lead them was brought to tears . That evening , Rep. John Boehner of Ohio , who will soon become the new speaker of the House , told supporters , "  I spent my whole life chasing the American dream . " With tears forming and his voice quavering , Boehner recounted details of his life growing up in southwestern Ohio : "  I started out mopping floors , waiting tables and tending bar at my dad 's tavern . I put myself through school , working every rotten job there was and every night shift I could find . " While it 's a story of humble beginnings -- Boehner worked as a janitor in college -- it 's a long way from the image many have of him today , as a Washington insider known for a ubiquitous tan , an unstoppable smoking habit and fiery speeches on the House floor . One of Boehner 's friends , Jerry Vanden Eynden , who has known the 60-year-old , 10-term congressman since seventh grade , told CNN Boehner 's career continues to surprise childhood friends . "  It was nothing that any of us would ever have expected , " said Vanden Eynden , president of a Cincinnati , Ohio , candle company . "  We would have expected him more to be successful in business , the way he was , more than get into the political field . " "  I ca n't say that there was anything that made him outstanding to me in grade school . He was just one of the guys , " Vanden Eynden said . Boehner is the second of 12 children . "  The thing I remember most about going to his house was there was always diapers on the line , " recalled Vanden Eynden . "  No matter what time of year it was , they were either outside or inside , but his mom always had cloth diapers . There were so many kids running around . " Boehner is the first in his family to graduate from college . Earning a degree in business from Xavier University , Boehner eventually became president of Nucite Sales , a plastics and packaging company . Boehner began his political career in the 1980s , serving in the Ohio state legislature . He won his first congressional race in 1990 . Twenty years later , longtime friends reject the idea that he has turned into a Washington elitist who 's too chummy with lobbyists . Dan Danner , president and CEO of the National Federation of Independent Business and himself a registered lobbyist , has known Boehner since he first ran for Congress . He said the image of an insider as someone who is "  co-opted by the system " and becomes "  someone that you were n't when you came here " does n't describe the congressman . "  You know , I think he 's still John Boehner , " he said . "  There 's no substitute for having run a business , " Danner said . "  It 's completely different if you 've only signed the back of a paycheck and you 've never signed the front . " During Boehner 's time in Congress , he 's also earned a reputation among reporters and colleagues as having a laid-back demeanor and a penchant for wisecracks . On Thursday , when questioned by ABC 's Diane Sawyer about the possibility of a "  Slurpee summit " with President Obama , Boehner responded , "  I do n't know about a Slurpee . How about a glass of merlot ? " "  We were angels , and that 's the way we 'll keep it , " said Vanden Eynden when asked if Boehner learned to joke around while attending an all-boys high school in Ohio . And while friends do n't recall Boehner as someone who easily sheds tears , they say the recent public displays of emotion are genuine . "  It 's sincere , " said Vanden Eynden . "  I think he 's seeing that he has a chance to realize that dream , that goal that he put out there . "	Rep. John Boehner , R-Ohio , soon will take over as speaker of the House Boehner was emotional the night the GOP swept to power in the U.S. House He recounted his humble beginnings and hard work "  chasing the American dream " He 's still the same man he was when he came to Congress , a close friend says
CNN  -- In 1950 , the world 's population was 2.5 billion people . Today , it is over 7 billion . By 2050 , it will be nearly 10 billion . This explosive growth has put huge strains on our natural resources , but at the same time it has helped create conditions for an unprecedented period of global economic growth , which has seen billions lifted out of poverty . The financial future we face today is uncertain . Most people think global growth will average 3 % per year for the foreseeable future , as opposed to 5 % before the global economic crisis . This means that it will take 25 years for the economy to double in size -- 10 years longer than it would if it was humming along at its pre-crisis rate . What does this mean ? A future of diminished expectations and increased uncertainties poses profound challenges . Considering we already live in a world where hundreds of millions of people are either unemployed or struggling to make ends meet on the fringes of the formal economy , this can not be underestimated . But I also believe these challenges focus our minds on long-term solutions that will ultimately make our world a fairer , more prosperous , better place to live . The only way forward is to unlock the talent that 's within all of us . Youth unemployment We 've become used to headlines chronicling the dire state of youth employment around the world . Average global unemployment is around 13 % , but the figure is twice as high -- and then some -- in parts of Southern Europe , the Middle East and North Africa . It does n't need to be this way . Smarter school and university curricula and a higher focus on relevant skills -- helped by technology and the democratizing power of the Internet -- will allow young people to equip themselves for success in a competitive global marketplace , just as technology renders other jobs obsolete . Talent is as important today as capital when it comes to defining a country 's economic competitiveness , and we 're getting better at harnessing this . In Europe , for example , eight out of 10 jobs created since 2008 were in small and medium-sized businesses . By getting the public and private sectors working together with academia , this flowering of talent can truly flourish , and become our economies ' new growth champions . Gender equality But you can only unlock talent if you pay equal attention to both halves of the population . Gender equality is n't just about human rights -- it makes cold , hard economic sense . Creating genuine equality in the workforce from the boardroom down will have a transformational effect on many economies . It 's been suggested that the U.S. economy could grow by as much as 5 % if there were true economic equality between both halves of the population . Japan 's could grow further , by as much as 9 % . No economy wants to miss out on that kind of growth . This is why President Shinzo Abe announced at Davos in 2014 that he wanted 30 % of all senior managerial positions in his country to be held by women by 2020 . He wo n't be the last to make such promises . Leaving no one behind is key . We live in a diverse world and those economies that respect their most gifted people -- regardless of who they are -- will be the ones that will ultimately succeed in underwriting their future prosperity . The benefits of the silver workforce At the World Economic Forum , we set so much store in countries ' ability to attract and retain talent that it forms an integral part in our annual assessment of global competitiveness . The same goes for empowering the economic potential of those nearing the end of their working lives . On paper , preventing people from working later in life looks like a sound way of freeing up jobs for those entering the jobs market . But economists call this the "  lump of labor " fallacy : in fact , an active , dynamic silver workforce is an excellent way of providing work for the young . The future we face may be uncertain but it need not be one of diminished expectations . Long-term thinking and genuine collaboration between all stakeholders would not only provide quality , sustainable growth and employment , it would once again re-balance national income towards labor , helping addressing the long term trend we are seeing towards income inequality . These are the outcomes our future generations deserve and they are outcomes I believe we can deliver . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Blanke .	Untapped talent is the key to economic growth , argues Jennifer Blanke Gender equality in the workplace will benefit the economy Despite popular belief , an active silver workforce can provide jobs for the young , she says
Washington  CNN  -- Frustrated Democrats went to the Senate floor Friday to seek Republican approval for a long list of administration nominees currently blocked by controversial secret holds placed by GOP senators . But a Republican senator objected to each of them as they came up . "  Most of the people on the list , we do n't know why they 're sitting there . We do n't even know who 's making them sit there , " complained Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , who is spearheading Democratic efforts to banish secret holds . "  Enter stage left , the anonymous hold . Or as I like to call it , nobody can blame me cause they do n't know who I am . " McCaskill said the delay in approving these nominees is particularly agonizing because most of them passed out of committee with little or no opposition . "  If there is a legitimate complaint or grievance against any nominee , I think any senator has a right to be heard and appeal to the body for a vote , " Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , the number two Democrat , said Thursday . "  But secret holds , I think , have become a reprehensible part of the process here and need to end . " Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , was the lone Republican on the floor Friday during the nearly two-hour debate on the issue . He objected to Democratic requests to approve the nominees not because he personally opposes them but "  as courtesy to people on my side of the aisle who have problems with some of these nominees . " Coburn said Republicans have a right to a public debate on nominees they oppose and Democrats are trying to get around that by seeking unanimous consent to quickly confirm them . In fact , Coburn won praise from McCaskill because she said he is the only Republican senator who has made his holds public . Democrats are especially upset because they think most Republicans are getting around a Senate rule adopted three years ago that requires senators to make public their holds once they 've had them in place for six legislative days . Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , D-Rhode Island , called the practice "  hold-laundering , " which is when senators rotate a secret hold off to one another before hitting the six-day trigger for making their names public and thereby keep a hold in place indefinitely . Republicans do n't deny using the method but argue it 's allowed by Senate rules which could be changed if Democrats want . "  If they think the rule needs to be tightened up they can offer to change the rule , " suggested a GOP leadership aide . In fact , Democrats said an effort is under way to offer an amendment to the financial regulations bill currently on the floor to shorten the six-day window to two days . Democrats complain the secret holds keep the Obama administration from being able to effectively govern and point to one nominee , Michael Huerta , to be the No. 2 official at the Federal Aviation Administration , as an example of a key appointee stalled by an anonymous senator . At a news conference on Thursday , Durbin said that Republicans that day had finally lifted a hold and approved the nomination of a top National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration official only after feeling pressured because of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . "  If they 're going to move this appointee ... because of an oil spill , what does it take to move the deputy administrator of the FAA in charge of air safety , " Durbin asked . "  Fill in the blanks . " Asked about Democratic concerns over the issue earlier this week , Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky acknowledged , "  We 've always had a challenging environment in the Senate with regard to the confirmation of executive branch appointments . This administration 's been treated about the same as previous administrations in terms of the pace of confirmations . " Democrats disputed that notion and cited figures suggesting Obama 's nominees are moving slower than George W. Bush 's at this time in his presidency . A top Republican senator accused Democrats also of using rotating holds . "  What I have run into in trying to get a bill or an amendment in the Senate in the past is the same practice , " said Sen. John Thune of South Dakota , the fourth-ranking Republican in the Senate . "  Where the Democrats would have a hold on it and you try to trace it down and you kind of have an idea of who it might be and you go to them , -LSB- they respond -RSB- ` No I do n't , ' and nobody ever knew because it was just rotated around . "	Senate Democrats seek approval of nominees they say GOP is blocking Republicans do n't deny holding up process , argue it 's allowed by Senate rules Democrats say secret holds keep Obama administration from being able to effectively govern Republicans say Democrats use the same tactic
CNN  -- A Pakistani court hearing the retrial of a doctor accused of helping the United States find Osama bin Laden said Monday that it would announce its verdict on December 18 . The prosecution and defense completed their arguments in the case of Dr. Shakil Afridi before the Federally Administered Tribal Areas Tribunal . The court then set the date for delivering the verdict . Afridi , a physician by profession , was accused of assisting the CIA in obtaining DNA samples of bin Laden through a fake vaccination campaign and was sentenced last year by a tribal court to 33 years in prison for involvement in anti-state activities . Afridi appealed the conviction . A Pakistani judicial commissioner overturned the conviction in August and ordered a retrial . U.S. special forces killed bin Laden at compound in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad in May 2011 .	Dr. Shakil Afridi is accused of working with the CIA to verify bin Laden 's whereabouts He was convicted in 2012 of anti-state activities but the verdict was overturned in August A court says it will deliver the verdict in his retrial on December 18
CNN  -- It 's the most romantic of all settings for a grand slam . Paris in the spring sees the sweeping boulevards and majestic parks of the French capital in full and glorious bloom . Nestled in the chic 16th arrondissement near the Bois de Boulogne , Stade Roland Garros is much loved by spectators and players alike -- a perfect venue for the second major of the season . But for some of the biggest names in tennis , its red clay courts meant only heartbreak and shattered dreams . For them it 's the slam that got away . The one missing piece of the jigsaw in an otherwise perfect career . Only seven men in history have achieved the feat of winning all four of the grand slams : Wimbledon , and the United States , Australian and French Opens . Fred Perry was the first , back in the 1930s , while in recent years Andre Agassi , Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal have joined the exclusive club . Agonizingly short Pete Sampras , Boris Becker and Stefan Edberg , however , were left agonizingly short of the career sweep -- and all three missed out because of their inability to excel on the slower surface at the French . Until Federer broke his record , Sampras was the all-time leader with 14 grand slam titles , including seven on the grass at Wimbledon . "  Pistol Pete " usually blew away the opposition with his trademark big serve and volley game -- but unfortunately at the French Open he had feet of clay and often exited in the early rounds . A semifinal appearance in 1996 was the closest he came to lifting the title , being beaten in straight sets by the eventual winner Yeygeny Kafelnikov of Russia . Looking back on his career , the 41-year-old American still has a nagging regret that he could not adapt his formidable talents to clay court play . "  I could have worked a little harder , " he told CNN 's Open Court show . "  I mean I worked hard but you always look back at your career and feel I should have done . " Stubborn Sampras Legendary tennis journalist and broadcaster Bud Collins told CNN that the match against Kafelnikov summed up Sampras ' problems on clay . "  He was playing really well against him then reverted to his old serve and volley type and his chance was gone . "  He was stubborn about it . He was going to be Pete Sampras and it did n't work out . " Of the three , it was Edberg who came closest to adding the Coupe des Mousquetaires trophy to his impressive haul . "  I think we all tried to win the French Open and we all tried to prepare the best way we could , " the 47-year-old told CNN . In the 1989 final he faced a 17-year-old Michael Chang and was heavy favorite , despite the American teenager 's incredible heroics en route to the title match . Edberg led by two sets to one and looked set to end Chang 's fairytale , but could not finish it off . "  It was a match that maybe I should have won , I was in the lead but somehow he got out of the grip and he won in five sets , " he recalls . Edberg denied Chang became the youngest grand slam winner in history , but Edberg did not begrudge him his moment of triumph -- the Swede believed he would have other opportunities to win in Paris . "  At the time I thought I played a great tournament and I thought I would get another chance to win it , but I never really got another chance after that , " he added with some regret . Collins believes the six-time grand slam winner was just unfortunate to have run into an inspired opponent . "  Edberg had a good shot , but it was just Chang 's tournament . " Edberg enjoyed his greatest triumphs at Wimbledon -- where he was twice champion and once a losing finalist -- and maybe a clue to his French Open failures lay in his underlying attitude to the clay-court grand slam . "  I knew that I was n't going to get my best results on the clay , but at the same time I saw it as a preparation for Wimbledon as well , " he said . "  The more matches I could play on the clay and get ready physically , you know the easier it was on the grass . " In that respect he was similar to Becker , with whom he enjoyed a titanic rivalry at Wimbledon , meeting in three straight finals . Becker 's disappointment But Becker 's style of play was even more unsuited to clay-court perfection , which requires patience and skill and long baseline rallies . Nicknamed "  Boom Boom " because of his massive service and crunching ground strokes , he just could not adapt -- despite having grown up playing on clay courts . "  Clay was difficult because it was against my personality , " he admitted . "  On clay you win by making less mistakes , on any other surface you win by making more winners . "  I am not a guy that waits for the opponent to miss . So psychologically it was always difficult for me to play on clay . " But despite his perceived disadvantages , it was not for want of trying to claim his place in tennis history . "  Trust me , I tried everything to win . "  I reached finals , semifinals of big clay-court tournaments and the semifinals of the French three times but I was n't good enough , " he told CNN . Those three appearances in 1987 , 1989 -- losing in five to Edberg -- and 1991 all ended in disappointment . "  I lost to Mats Wilander , who was better than me on clay , I lost to an Agassi who was better than me , " he admitted . "  It was just about the quality of play , and my quality of play was n't good enough to win a major on clay . " Never suited Becker also won six grand slams in total -- three at Wimbledon , two in Australia and the U.S. Open on his only final appearance -- plus four end-of-season ATP World Championship crowns . Despite his French Open misses , the German superstar refuses to be downbeat about his efforts on the red dirt . "  I ca n't complain , " he said . "  Wilander , Agassi and Lendl were better . It was n't unlucky . They were better . " Collins agrees . "  Boris was just Boris , going to the net , diving around everywhere . I think he felt he was going to make it , but never did . " Edberg , who was also brought up on clay courts in his formative years and swept all the grand slam titles for junior players in 1983 , was in Collins ' opinion the best suited of the three to sample success in Paris . But his serve and volley tactics could only work to a point as baseliners adapted to his style of play , particularly in the latter stages of the tournament . "  Some players hated playing against me on the clay , but the difficult thing with winning on clay was playing well for two weeks , " Edberg said . "  You know I could win the tournament for one week , but I think playing serve and volley for two weeks , that was the tough part of it to play really well for two weeks on the clay and that 's what you need at the French Open . " Mac regret Other tennis legends have also come between a rock and a hard place on the unforgiving clay -- none more so than John McEnroe , who has often expressed his regret at not adding the French Open title to his seven other slams . In 1984 he was on a 43-game winning streak and having reached the final was slicing and dicing Lendl in clinical style in the French title match . Two sets up in under an hour , a disputed line call disrupted his concentration and Lendl eventually wrapped up a five-set win . McEnroe 's American arch rival Jimmy Connors was also stuck one short of the grand slam sweep by virtue of failing to win the French Open . And Arthur Ashe , who famously upset Connors to win the 1975 Wimbledon crown , was another to fall short on a surface he found difficult . It seems some greats are destined never to taste the warm glow of success in Paris and current world No. 1 Novak Djokovic just needs a French title to complete his career grand slam . Djokovic 's goal "  The King of Clay " Nadal denied him in last year 's final and also prevented the Serbian taking his place in the record books this year with a five-set victory in Friday 's semifinals . Federer claimed his sole French crown in 2009 after Nadal lost his only match in eight years in Paris in the fourth round to Robin Soderling , and the Swiss maestro will be grateful he seized his opportunity to complete his grand slam set . Collins , now 83 , believes Australian great Ken Rosewall is the greatest player he has seen on clay at the French Open . "  I 'm a guy who goes overboard for Rosewall but realize  Bjorn  Borg and Nadal would be tough to beat . " Rosewall , however , is also in the group of legends who ended stuck one short of a career grand slam . In his case he never won Wimbledon , despite reaching the final four times -- the last as a 39-year-old veteran , but losing to Connors in 1974 .	Grand slam in tennis consists of Wimbledon , French , U.S. and Australian Opens Only seven men have completed a career grand slam in singles Pete Sampras , Boris Becker and Stefan Edberg all won three of the slams Each missed out on the career grand slam by failing to win French Open
CNN  -- The National Rifle Association chief issued a blistering retort to President Barack Obama 's inaugural address , accusing him of name calling and limiting American freedoms . Wayne LaPierre had been relatively silent since his controversial response to the shooting massacre in Newtown , Connecticut . After the December 14 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School , LaPierre held one public news conference where he doubled down on the NRA position : more guns , not fewer , provide true security . In a speech late Tuesday night , he hit upon that same theme as he repeatedly criticized Obama and his inaugural speech Monday . "  President Barack Obama quoted the Declaration of Independence and he talked about ` unalienable rights . ' I would argue that his words make a mockery of both , " LaPierre said at the annual black-tie Weatherby International Hunting and Conservation Awards in Reno , Nevada . Several times , LaPierre homed in on one part of Obama 's address , where the president said , "  We can not mistake absolutism for principle , or substitute spectacle for politics , or treat name-calling as reasoned debate . " Opinion : Guns were last straw for me with GOP LaPierre said the president was attacking fervent supporters of the Second Amendment . Many of them believe it provides an absolute right to provide arms . "  When absolutes are abandoned for principles , the U.S. Constitution becomes a blank slate for anyone 's graffiti , " LaPierre said . "  Words do have meaning , Mr. President . And those meanings are absolute , especially when it comes to our Bill of Rights . " The re-emergence of the NRA 's potent mouthpiece comes on the same day of another school shooting that captured national headlines -- the wounding of three people on a Texas college campus . His speech also comes as Obama and some lawmakers focus on passing gun control measures . Polls show more people are warming up to the possibility . Last week , Obama proposed background checks on all gun sales , and bans on military-style assault weapons and high-capacity magazines . With relatives of some of the 20 children killed in the Connecticut rampage looking on , Obama also signed 23 executive actions -- which do n't require congressional approval -- to strengthen existing gun laws . They also take related steps on mental health and school safety . In his speech Tuesday , LaPierre set his sights on Obama 's proposal to expand background checks to anyone buying a gun , whether at a store or in a private sale at an auction or convention . "  There are only two reasons for that federal list of gun owners : to tax them or take them , " he told the cheering crowd . The tit-for-tat continues a running battle between the president and the powerful gun lobby . Last week , the NRA released an advertisement that called the president an "  elitist hypocrite , " and asked why he opposes the idea of placing armed guards in every school -- a proposal pushed by the NRA -- despite the fact that his own children attend a school with similar security . The ad was only slated to air on the Sportsman Channel , but has gained strong media attention , both on the airwaves and online . It has also garnered criticism . Republican Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey criticized it for making a reference to the president 's children in a political attack commercial . Speaking at a news conference last week , the outspoken governor decried the move as "  reprehensible " and argued that the group lost some credibility by making the ad . "  And I think for any of us who are public figures , you see that kind of ad and you cringe . You cringe because it 's just not appropriate in my view to do that , " he said . "  They 've got real issues to debate on this topic . Get to the real issues . Do n't be dragging people 's children into this . It 's wrong . " In his Tuesday speech , LaPierre said Obama was among the "  self-appointed arbiters of what freedom really means . " "  He does n't understand you . He does n't agree with the freedoms you cherish . If the only way he can force you to give 'em up is through scorn and ridicule , he 's more than willing to do it , even as he claims the moral high ground . " Listen : Red states and guns	His response is the latest criticism against the president by the group "  He does n't agree with the freedoms you cherish , " the NRA chief says Obama recently proposed background checks on all gun sales , among other measures The gun lobby group called the president an "  elitist hypocrite " last week
CNN  -- More than 5,000 patients of a South Dakota urology clinic may have been exposed to hepatitis and HIV when the facility reused single-use medical products , state health officials said Friday . Clinic workers told inspectors they 've been reusing products since the clinic opened its doors in 2002 . The Siouxland Urology Center in Dakota Dunes has been ordered to contact nearly 5,700 former patients treated there since 2002 . A routine inspection found the facility was reusing sterile saline bags , tubing and other medical supplies from cystoscopies -- a diagnostic procedure that looks at the lower urinary tract . "  We witnessed the practice while we were in the facility , " during a January inspection , said Barb Buhler of the South Dakota Health Department . Siouxland Urology has since been put under a provisional license and has been very cooperative , according to state officials . "  Siouxland Urology Center informed certain of its patients by U.S. mail that a prior cystoscopy procedure could have potentially exposed them to an infectious disease , " the facility 's Web site said . It added that "  the risk of infection from our past procedure is very minimal and we are unaware of any blood infections in our patients caused by the cystoscopy practice . " The clinic , which primarily serves clients from South Dakota , Iowa and Nebraska , is offering free blood tests to those possibly affected to rule out the presence of viruses . Watch more on the possible exposure of urology patients " On January 21 , South Dakota Department of Health inspectors entered an examining room where a cystoscopy was about to take place , and noticed that a saline bag , which was hanging on a pole , was dated January 19 , said Bob Stahl , of the South Dakota Department of Health . The inspectors , who are registered nurses , questioned the clinic staff . The clinic staff said they routinely reused saline bags and tubing , although both are clearly marked "  for single use only , " Stahl said . "  They used the bags and tubing on multiple patients , " Stahl said . He said the workers at the clinic told the inspectors they 'd been reusing bags and tubing since the clinic opened in 2002 . They said they did n't see anything wrong with the practice , Stahl said . "  It was their standard operating procedure , " Stahl said . "  They told the inspectors that this was a common practice all over the country . We disagreed and told them this was not a common practice . " He said that the clinic had been inspected seven times since it opened , and no one had noticed that the clinic was reusing equipment . "  It was just by chance that this saline bag was hanging there . We run across these things by luck at times , " Stahl said . "  We 're fortunate that the team was able to identify this . " Fluids from patients can retreat into saline bags and tubing while the equipment is used , and reusing the tubing or saline bags could put patients at risk for contacting diseases from previous patients . A 1-liter bag of saline and tubing costs about $ 4 , according to Mary Jo Lallis , account manager for PSS World Medical , Inc. , a medical supply company . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report .	Thousands of patients of a urology clinic possibly exposed to hepatitis and HIV Clinic routinely reused single-use saline bags and tubing Staff told inspectors it was "  common practice " everywhere ; inspectors disagreed Nearly 5,700 former patients will be contacted , offered free blood tests
CNN  -- This week , Barack Obama will embark on his first trip to Israel as president . The visit will enable him to engage , experience and touch Israelis in ways that move and bolster us . In seemingly small gestures that are nevertheless immensely meaningful to Israelis , and in declarations designed to be heard throughout the region , Obama will reinforce Israel 's legitimacy and reassure a nation facing monumental challenges . Israelis will know -- justly , incontestably -- that we are not alone . That realization will contrast with earlier reports of Israeli skepticism about Obama and his commitment to the Jewish state . Israel is situated in a region rife with turmoil , anti-Semitism , and terror , and its survival is threatened daily . Though the Israel Defense Forces are formidable , Israelis need to feel that the leader of our greatest ally , America , always stands beside us . Obama sought to allay these concerns , telling the U.N. General Assembly in September 2011 that "  the Jewish people have forged a successful state in their historic homeland . " He repeatedly upheld the unbreakable bonds between the U.S. and Israel , and his total dedication to Israel 's security . Now the president has chosen Israel as the first foreign destination of his second term . Immediately after landing , he will visit a battery of the anti-missile system , Iron Dome . Designed by Israel and funded by the president and the Congress , this particular battery was deployed at the height of November 's fighting with Hamas and within an hour intercepted a terrorist rocket heading for Tel Aviv . The only anti-missile system in history to succeed in combat , Iron Dome saved lives and avoided war , affording the Israeli government the precious time needed to negotiate a cease-fire . While speaking with the young soldiers who man Iron Dome , Obama will remind the Middle East of America 's pledge to enable Israel to defend itself by itself against all enemies . Less dramatic , perhaps , but no less significant will be the president 's tour of the Israel Museum 's treasure , the Shrine of the Book . A white-tiled structure recalling the ancient jars in which they were hidden , the Shrine houses the Dead Sea Scrolls , the world 's oldest Jewish manuscripts . By surveying Hebrew texts composed in or around Jerusalem thousands of years ago , Obama will signal the unbroken link between the Jewish people and their ancient land . That message will be reiterated at Obama 's last stop . Ascending the mount that serves as Israel 's equivalent to Arlington National Cemetery , the president will lay a wreath at the grave of Benjamin Ze'ev  Theodor  Herzl . Fifty years before the Holocaust , Herzl envisioned the creation of a Jewish state in the land of Israel and fathered the Zionist movement . In 2010 , former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , an outspoken friend of Iran , refused to pay similar homage to Herzl . Doing so , he knew , meant acknowledging the Jewish people 's unassailable right to self-determination in their forebears ' land . But Obama will do just that , while the Middle East watches . There will be other highlights in the president 's visit . He will tour Yad Vashem , Israel 's national Holocaust memorial , not to associate Israel 's creation with the Nazis ' Final Solution , but rather to reaffirm Israel 's right to defend itself from genocidal threats , such as those made by Iran . The president will also address an audience of hundreds of students from leading Israeli universities , who will be eager to hear his vision for Israel and the Middle East and his appreciation of Israel 's many accomplishments in the technological and scientific fields . Beyond the public events , though , Obama will be meeting at length with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Contrary to press reports , their relationship has been open and friendly . This will mark their 10th meeting and , indeed , Obama says that he has spoken to the prime minister more frequently than any foreign leader . The two leaders will discuss issues of critical importance to the security of both nations -- restarting unconditional peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians to create a solution based on two states for two peoples , monitoring Syria 's chemical weapons arsenal and preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons capability . Presumably , these issues will also be raised in the president 's meetings in the West Bank and Jordan . The message , however , will be the same : America remains committed to security and peace in the Middle East and dedicated to a safe and recognized Jewish state of Israel . Israel will show its appreciation for that resolve when President Shimon Peres bestows on our visitor Israel 's highest civilian medal , the Presidential Medal of Distinction . By the time Air Force One takes off from Ben Gurion Airport , it will undoubtedly leave behind an Israeli people profoundly affected and reassured . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Oren .	Israeli ambassador : Barack Obama making first trip to Israel as president Michael Oren says trip will reinforce Israel 's legitimacy and reassure the nation Obama will inspect anti-missile battery and visit grave of father of Zionism , he says Oren : Israel will demonstrate its appreciation for U.S. support for Mideast peace and security
CNN  -- Michelle Obama , wife of Sen. Barack Obama , is honing her message for the fall , aides say . Sen. Barack Obama and wife , Michelle , have been thrust into the public eye . "  Michelle wrote her own stump  speech  . And you know , she 's refining it now I think as we 're going into the general election , " said senior Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett . "  We have an opportunity for her to kind of step back and think about the message she wants to deliver . So she 's really working on it as we speak . " Her new speeches will include more details about her family and humble upbringing on Chicago 's South Side , aides said . Michelle Obama graduated from Harvard Law School , was a vice president at the University of Chicago and landed a job as a health care executive making $ 275,000 a year . But along with her success has come criticism -- that 's she 's too angry , too negative and too sarcastic . Now , the woman who would become the first black first lady is trying to connect with voters on a more personal level . Watch experts weigh in on how Michelle Obama is perceived " On Wednesday , she made an appearance as a guest co-host on ABC 's "  The View , " and later this week , she and her husband will grace the cover of Us Weekly . The magazine is headlined "  Michelle Obama : Why Barack Loves Her , " and includes details about her love for Target , "  Sex and the City " and her daughters ' recitals . Asked Wednesday while on "  The View " if she 's going through a makeover , she said she realizes "  I wear my heart on my sleeve " and that "  it 's a risk you have to take . " She said she thinks people will change their perception of her as they see her family more . Michelle Obama 's spokeswoman , Katie McCormick Lelyveld , said earlier there is no "  image makeover " in the works . Watch what Michelle Obama would be like as first lady " "  She has staff engaged in simply part of the process of growing to a general election campaign and putting a strategy together to help people get to know her , " Lelyveld said . "  It 's what you do as you move from primary voters to general election voters . " Carl Sferrazza Anthony , a first ladies historian , said it 's important for Michelle Obama to define herself before others define her . "  One comment made off-hand ... might be easily misinterpreted by the opposition , " he said . Michelle Obama saw that in February when a Republican ad used a snippet from a campaign event in which , referring to record voter turnout in the Democratic primaries , she said , "  for the first time in my adult lifetime , I am really proud of my country . " Obama 's campaign says she was just excited about the grassroots support , but her words still provided fodder for her husband 's opponents . The day after the comments , Cindy McCain , wife of presumptive Republican nominee John McCain , introduced her husband saying , "  I do n't know about you , if you heard those words earlier -- I am very proud of my country . " Michelle Obama has been a vocal advocate for her husband while on the campaign trail , delivering sometimes impassioned speeches on his behalf . Robin Givhan , fashion editor with the Washington Post , said people see Michelle Obama in different ways . "  Some people will see confidence , and others might see cockiness . I think some people will see strength . Others might see arrogance , " she said . "  She comes across as someone who is extraordinarily independent and very much a force to be reckoned with . " Behind the scenes , she maintains that independence . According to the campaign , Michelle Obama picks out her own clothes . She received a lot of attention for the sleeveless purple dress and pearls she wore the night her husband became the presumptive Democratic nominee . Beyond her style , though , a sense of dignity may be what most defines a first lady . It 's a job that requires the ability to strike a balance between queen and commoner . Exactly how Michelle Obama refines her approach on the stump remains to be seen , staffers said . "  We 'll see , " Jarrett said . "  She 's learned a lot of stories along the way from the American people , I think she may incorporate some more of the stories that she 's heard that resonate with what she 's seeing in terms of the direction that people want the country to take . But the rest is up to her . We 'll see what she comes up with . " CNN 's Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Michelle Obama refining her speeches to emphasize family , upbringing She has been criticized for coming across as angry , unpatriotic She is co-hosting on "  The View ; " also on cover of Us Weekly Her spokeswoman says this is not an "  image makeover "
CNN  -- In a few breathtaking weeks , the winds of change whipped from Tunisia east to Egypt and Jordan , bringing down two regimes and putting the third on notice that it must make democratic changes . Now analysts , and a world suddenly focused on the region , are wondering whether those winds will continue blowing east into Iran and bring real democratic change or , instead , amount to only a whisper . A year and a half after the Iranian regime brutally suppressed the so-called Green Movement , a new test of its openness to reform and patience may come Monday . The government -- which Friday said the toppling of President Hosni Mubarak in Egypt "  joyfully " coincided with the anniversary of Iran 's 1979 Islamic Revolution -- has rounded up activists after Iran 's two leading opposition figures called for a rally Monday in support of the uprisings in North Africa and the Middle East . From all appearances , the regime is not about to loosen its grip . And , unlike Mubarak , it wo n't be caught off-guard by the zeal of protesters . The Obama White House and some observers say Iran may not be as confident as it appears about demonstrations . "  They are scared , " press secretary Robert Gibbs said Friday hours after Mubarak stepped down . "  That 's why they threatened to kill anybody that tries to do this . That 's why they have shut off all measure of communication . " Iranian authorities on Wednesday warned against any attempt by the opposition movement to hold the rally , according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . It was unclear whether people will take to the streets , anyway . "  We definitely see them as enemies of the revolution and spies , and we will confront them with force , " Revolutionary Guard Cmdr. Hossein Hamedani told IRNA . The Iranian regime on Friday celebrated the 1979 revolution that dethroned the shah . Opposition leaders Mehdi Karroubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi asked that the rally take place in Tehran 's Azadi Square , the site of mass protests by Iran 's opposition movement after the disputed 2009 presidential elections . The International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran , based in the United States , called Friday for an end to restrictions on the movements of Karroubi and Moussavi . "  The -LSB- Iranian -RSB- government is doing all it can to intimidate Iranians and deny their right to peaceful assembly , " the U.S.-based group said in a statement . "  With recent events in Egypt , we see another round of repression in Iran aimed at silencing a people frustrated and dissatisfied by the denial of their human rights . " Observers point to an interesting synergy between protests in Iran and Egypt . They are waiting to see if what 's transpired in Egypt will ignite a substantial renewal of protests in Iran . "  I think that 's a very substantial possibility , " Joshua Muravchik , a fellow at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies , told CNN Friday . "  I think that the Green Movement in part inspired what has happened in Egypt . Obviously , Tunisia is the most recent inspiration . " "  In June 2009 , when the Green Movement emerged , the internet was full of chatter by Egyptians sort of beating their breast saying , ` Why are we so lame ? Look at that : a million Iranians out on the street standing up to their government . Why ca n't we do that ? ' " "  And that sort of stuck with them -LSB- Egyptians -RSB- , I believe , " said Muravchik . "  They kept having these small demonstrations and somehow it finally started to gather momentum and the snowball turned quickly into an avalanche . " "  There 's no guarantee though that it will work in the reverse direction , " he said , referring to Iran . The disputed 2009 presidential election sparked widespread outrage within the Islamic republic , thrusting the depths of Iranian society into the global spotlight and inciting violence that had n't been seen in decades . Iran quelled the demonstrations with a brutal crackdown against the peaceful street protests and the arrests of hundreds of activists , reformists and opposition figures . A diverse opposition movement -- headed by reform candidates Moussavi and Karroubi -- grew into today 's Green Movement , protesting for social justice , freedom and democracy . Experts interviewed by CNN said they believe Jordan , Bahrain and Yemen will likely see significant democratic changes before Iran , and each face different circumstances . The United States on Friday slammed Iran 's "  hypocrisy " for arresting opposition figures and the blocking of world media outlets and websites . "  For all of its empty talk about Egypt , the government of Iran should allow the Iranian people the same universal right to peacefully assemble , demonstrate and communicate in Tehran that the people are exercising in Cairo , " National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said . Iranian leaders praised the Egyptian and Tunisian uprisings and said they were reminiscent of the 1979 Iranian revolution that toppled the shah and ushered in a hard-line and theocratic Islamic republic . Abbas Milani , director of Iranian Studies at Stanford University , said the Middle East is at a "  crucial tipping point . " If democratic voices and a government prevail in Egypt , he told CNN , Iran will feel an uptick in internal pressure to reform . But , he and others said , there is a singular difference between Egypt and Iran . The Egyptian military , while key to power in the country , did not clash with its citizens . Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps  IRGC  was established after the Islamic Revolution to defend the regime against all threats . The IRGC and its "  thugs " have repressed Iranians , Milani said . The Iranian military is not as well equipped and as politically oriented as the IRGC and played little , if any , part in the 2009 crackdown . "  I think they knew the military could not be depended upon " because they might side with protesters , Milani said of the Iranian government . The IRGC has "  expanded far beyond its original mandate , " according to the Council on Foreign Relations , a U.S. foreign policy research center . "  Today the guard has evolved into a socio-military-political-economic force with influence reaching deep into Iran 's power structure , " the CFR says , noting that several current and former IRGC members have been appointed to positions as ambassadors , mayors , undersecretaries , provincial governors and cabinet ministers . Mohamad Bazzi , adjunct senior fellow for Middle Eastern Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations , said the IRGC will stand behind President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who helped consolidate their influence . And Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has shown no signs of abandoning Ahmadinejad , Bazzi said . Milani does n't expect the Iranian regime to allow large protests , but he believes "  major changes " and an "  unstoppable democratic wind " eventually will come to the republic . Iran also must address significant economic problems , he added . "  The Iranian society has profoundly changed , "  he said . "  The regime has not . " Ali Alfoneh , a resident fellow at the conservative but non-partisan American Enterprise Institute , said he does n't expect to see major reforms in Iran , at least in the short term , but he believes dissidents were heartened by the Egyptian revolution . "  The Green Movement was almost dead and it has become energized , " he told CNN Friday . The reform efforts will succeed if some principal players in the regime become sympathetic , he said . In Egypt , armed forces helped bring about Mubarak 's downfall . That wo n't likely happen in Iran , Alfoneh said . "  Revolutions take defections , " Alfoneh said . Rapid changes in Egypt and the region make it difficult to predict what might happen in Iran , Bazzi said . "  Surviving the last round -LSB- of protests -RSB- strengthened the regime 's hand , " he said . The suppression "  put fear in the protesters , " he said . To succeed , the Green Movement will have to reach out to opponents and "  to the millions who are silent , " said Bazzi , a member of the faculty at New York University . Real change may not occur until the next presidential election , he said . Still , the Iranian regime is probably somewhat concerned after what happened in Egypt . "  They are crushing anything that moves , " Bazzi said . Isobel Coleman , a senior fellow for U.S. foreign policy at the Council for Foreign Relations , said one big difference between Iran and Egypt are their economies . Iran has a lot of oil , and it can afford to be "  more reactionary and revolutionary . " Meanwhile , the Obama administration will continue to pressure Iran over its nuclear program , human rights and influence with militant organizations that threaten Israel , among other governments . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin on Friday questioned the White House 's handling of Iran . "  Media : ask "  Will Obama Admin exert as much ` constructive ' pressure on Iranian govt to change & allow freedom -- as they just did for Egypt ? , " she wrote on her Twitter account . As the world turns its attention to Iran , especially in the coming days , questions remain on whether governments can change and still hold on to power . Milani offered his opinion . "  The experience of the last days shows it is almost impossible to ask for democracy and not ask for a regime change , " he said . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Samira Simone , Sarah Aarthun and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Iranian regime congratulates Egyptian revolution But experts ask whether it will allow democratic change White House says Iranian government afraid of any challenges
CNN  -- Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder vetoed legislation that would have allowed concealed pistol license holders who undergo additional training to carry concealed pistols in schools and other public places , his office said Tuesday in a statement . Snyder rejected the bill because it did not provide an opportunity for public places -- such as schools , day care centers and hospitals -- to exempt themselves from the provision , the statement said . At present , Michigan law does not prevent holders of concealed pistol licenses from carrying guns in these areas as long as they do so openly . Snyder recommended that the bill be modified so that it would not permit the open carrying of weapons in these public areas , but would permit concealed carry for license holders who undergo additional training , his statement said . But even with this modification , he would still want property owners to be able to decide whether to allow concealed weapons on their premises , he said . Analysis : Guns and the law "  These public venues need clear legal authority to ban firearms on their premises if they see fit to do so , " he said . Also Tuesday , Snyder signed two bills that streamline the process for handgun purchases and eliminate restrictions on interstate rifle and shotgun transactions . The bill was approved Thursday by the Republican-controlled state Senate and House . In a news release , Snyder 's office said the governor "  had committed to give the bill additional scrutiny " prior to Friday 's school shootings in Connecticut "  in an effort to ensure that public safety remains a priority . " But Speaker Jase Bolger , R-Marshall , said in a statement that the bill "  would have had no impact on that tragedy " in Connecticut . He said it was "  unfortunate a compromise was not reached " and added , "  It also is unfortunate that this veto does not make Michigan citizens safer in gun-free zones . Neither the governor 's approval nor his veto will stop evil from preying on innocent people . "  With this veto , however , open-carry still exists in schools , churches and other public areas , and we know that criminals do not respect gun-free zones . For these reasons , we will continue to work with the governor to best protect our law-abiding citizens ' Second Amendment rights , as well as the safety and security of all of our citizens . " At present , 21 states ban carrying a concealed weapon on a college campus , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures ; 23 states leave the decision to ban or allow concealed weapons on campuses to individual colleges and universities . Opinions : Teachers with guns is a crazy idea	The state legislature passed the bill on Thursday Snyder says he had planned to give the bill "  additional scrutiny " prior to Connecticut shootings The bill did not provide an opportunity for public places to exempt themselves
CNN  -- If you 're the kind of gal whose "  me time " includes a glass or two of wine after work , you might want to consider how those drinks could affect your looks . That 's part of the message of the Scottish government 's Drop a Glass Size Campaign , which specifically "  encourages women to think about the health effects of regularly drinking above the recommended alcohol guidelines . " Now there 's a mobile app that aims to drive that point home on a more personal level . This week , the campaign rolled out its "  Drinking Mirror " app , which lets users upload photos of themselves to show how their faces could age if they keep imbibing at their current rate . The app is available only for Android-powered devices , although government spokeswoman said an iPhone version will be out shortly . A Web version is also available . The campaign 's Drink Smarter website shows a picture of a woman to demonstrate how the drinking mirror works , along with a warning that "  deeper wrinkles , red cheeks and weight gain " are just some of the visible effects of regular heavy drinking . Overall , the campaign aims to make people aware of the fine line between social drinking and drinking too much , especially when people drink in the home . Men are not excluded from the conversation . A page devoted to "  drinking like a man " warns that men who have more than five drinks a day are twice as likely to die of a stroke , and that having a beer belly can increase your risk of cardiovascular disease , high blood pressure , diabetes , sleep apnea and cancer . Men and women can use the app by uploading or taking photos of themselves and entering data about their drinking habits . Then , to show the potential long-term physical toll of drinking , the app shows them a photo of how they might look in 10 years at their current rate of alcohol consumption . Even though the campaign states that "  men drink more on average than women " and "  suffer more ill effects as a result , " it 's targeted to women in an effort to play on their vanity , said a Scottish government spokeswoman who asked not to be named . "  In Scotland , we have a troubled relationship with alcohol , " she said . "  We 're focusing on women to try a different approach . " Past government campaigns in Scotland have targeted both genders , but research shows that women in particular "  are often unaware or slightly confused about what sensible drinking guidelines are , " she said . The number of alcohol-related deaths among women aged 30 to 44 has doubled in the last 20 years , although numbers remain relatively small  70 deaths in 2010  , according to statistics from the General Register Office for Scotland . "  With any public health campaign , it 's crucial to target it to specific demographic . It can be an age group , a gender or people with specific risk factors , " said health writer and body image expert Leslie Goldman , who has a master 's in public health from the University of Illinois-Chicago . "  If Scotland is having issues with more and more women engaging in unhealthy drinking then I think it 's a smart idea to target that population . " She pointed out that men and women can use the app and that the Drink Smarter website offers information and resources for both genders . So how much booze is too much ? On a daily basis , it 's more than two to three drinks  about a 175 ml glass of 13 % wine  for women and three to four drinks  equivalent to a pint and a half of 4 % beer  for men . About 38 % of Scottish women and 49 % of men exceed the daily recommended limit each week , according to government statistics . "  Women do n't really accept that the amount of alcohol they 're drinking is excessive , " the spokeswoman said . "  Women are very receptive when you talk about calories in a glass of wine , and people do n't always make the association between alcohol and calories . " Follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	Scottish government releases app that purports to show how drinking will age you in 10 years "  Drinking Mirror " Android app aims at encouraging women to curb alcohol intake Research shows women are often unaware of sensible drinking guidelines About 38 % of Scottish women , 49 % of men exceed daily recommended limit each week
CNN  -- Cholera has already killed almost 3,000 Haitians . Now it is threatening to cause misery in another vital way . A chunk of Haiti 's rice harvest will probably be lost because of farmers ' fears of cholera contamination , the United Nations said Wednesday . On top of that , consumers are afraid to buy rice grown in areas affected by the cholera outbreak . The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and the Haitian Ministries of Agriculture and Health are providing hygiene information to farmers who are reluctant to step into rice paddies , fed by rivers and canals , to harvest the crops . The U.N. food agency , concerned that lost crops may lead to food shortages , urged more outreach and hands-on training in rural communities . The effects of the cholera outbreak were magnified by floods in November caused by Hurricane Tomas . "  Without a timely response to the damage caused by floods and cholera to Haitian agriculture , food security could plunge , worsening the effects of last January 's earthquake on the poor rural population , " the FAO said in a statement . Cholera has sickened more than 130,000 people in Haiti and 2,761 have died . But those numbers from the Haitian health ministry are from December 18 . Medicins Sans Frontieres  MSF or Doctors Without Borders  , which has been operating cholera treatment centers throughout Haiti , warned that the disease is still spreading . Symptoms of the acute , bacterial illness , which is caused by drinking tainted water , can be mild or even nonexistent . But sometimes they can be severe : leg cramps , profuse watery diarrhea and vomiting , which can cause rapid loss of body fluids and lead to dehydration , shock and death . Some aid groups , including MSF , have criticized the cholera response in Haiti as woefully inadequate , given the fact that about 12,000 aid groups operate within the country . "  I recently went to Haiti 's capital , Port-au-Prince , and found my Medicins Sans Frontieres colleagues overwhelmed , having already treated more than 75,000 cholera cases , " MSF International President Unni Karunakara wrote in a commentary published this week in a British newspaper , the Guardian . "  In the 11 months since the quake , little has been done to improve sanitation across the country , allowing cholera to spread at a dizzying pace . "	Farmers are afraid to harvest in paddies they believe are contaminated A reduced rice crop could lead to food shortages Some aid groups call the cholera response in Haiti inadequate
Her paintings may sell for thousands of dollars , but she is best known for a modeling shot 50 years ago that helped launch a money-spinning business empire . Now 72 , but looking a decade younger , Babette Beatty was the first Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue cover star . Discovered on a beach in Florida , these days she resides in a mountain town far from the glamor and glitz of the entertainment industry that has made household names of her successors . It all started on a whim -- for her a chance of some Mexican sunshine ; for Sports Illustrated a chance , for one week , to fill the void left by a lack of content in the winter months . Today , the swimsuit issue , launched half a century ago on January 20 , has outgrown the magazine that first spawned it . The 2012 edition generated more than $ 40 million in advertising revenue , 7 % of the weekly publication 's total for the entire year , not to mention the millions it makes in sales to the public . That issue had 34.5 million video views online , while a free mobile app had 500,000 downloads in the opening week alone . So it 's a very happy 50th birthday indeed for owner Time Inc. . The swimsuit issue is more than just scantily-clad women in bikinis gallivanting around the world 's most picturesque beaches -- it 's a business behemoth . Supermodels such as Christine Brinkley , Elle Macpherson , Tyra Banks and Heidi Klum have featured on the cover , while sports stars including Maria Sharapova and Danica Patrick have featured along with pop star Beyonce Knowles . But leading the way was an aspiring young German , then living in New York after spending several years in Brazil . Known at the time as Babette March , she had featured on the Paris catwalks and been a regular on the pages of Vogue and Elle . In November 1963 she received a call from J. Frederick Smith , a renowned glamor photographer with whom she had worked regularly . "  There were about five or six photographers who seemed to like me , and that 's how things started for me really -- he was one of them , " she told CNN . "  We did a lot of pictures together and he worked for Sports Illustrated on and off . He asked if I wanted to come on a trip to Mexico and I thought , ` Why not ? ' " It was n't the money -- as little as $ 50 a day for the 10-day shoot -- that persuaded her , rather the lure of a trip to the sun-drenched island resort of Cozumel . "  It was a great trip -- so much fun , " she recalls . "  There were n't any people there , not like now . You have to remember Cancun  on the mainland  did n't really exist then , the only people there were the Mexican Air Force . And they seemed to enjoy the shoot ! "  There was nothing about it being a cover shoot , it was just a shoot , something fun and something different . "  Each day , we 'd have breakfast and then the photographer would tell as where to go . He was just constantly snapping pictures . I was put in my bathing suit , and that was it . " When she and the rest of the team boarded the plane back to the United States , their high spirits were shattered soon after touching down in Dallas , Texas . "  When we landed , we were grounded and it was announced that President John F. Kennedy had been shot dead , " Beatty says . "  The whole plan was just crushed . People were screaming and crying , it was awful . I 'll never forget that . The dream trip had ended on such a terribly sad note . " Beatty quickly moved on to her next job -- she continued modeling until 1979 -- and gave very little thought to Sports Illustrated , as did they to her . "  That was the only time I ever worked for them , " she says . "  I never heard from them again . "  Of course I had no idea I 'd be on the cover of the first issue  which was merely a short supplement to the magazine  and of course I had no idea it would become as big as it did . " But she made the cover : her head turned to the side , smiling cheekily in a white bikini as the Mexican waters lapped against her ankles . Even now , people still send her copies of the magazine asking for an autograph . "  There are marriage proposals too , " says the married Beatty , "  and I 'm 72 , I tell you ! " It 's perhaps apt that her modeling career should have begun with her wearing a white bikini . As a 15-year-old , she went to the beach in Fort Lauderdale , where she lived with her family at the time , wearing a white , tassled outfit -- which proved to be too risque for the time . "  It was 1959 and I got asked to leave the beach because of what I was wearing , " she says . "  But also on the beach was a photographer for Eastman Kodak , and he basically discovered me . My first job was outside a camera shop for $ 25 . I still think I 've got the check for it somewhere . I then started modeling properly in New York in 1961 . " Beatty , and her husband Dale , live nowhere near the beach these days . They relocated from California to Halfway , a small town of 350 people in Oregon , where he works as a sculptor and she paints . Art has been a big part of her life , from self-portraits to the nature landscapes and home interiors that hang from the walls of her home gallery -- which sell for $ 7,000 each . And when not painting , she loves nothing more than hiking with her dogs in the surrounding , undulating terrain , where it 's not uncommon to see coyote , deer , antelope and elk . "  Painting 's always been a big part of my life and where I live is the perfect setting for inspiration , " she says . "  For me , personally I love the bright colors . " While in Oregon , she is known as Babette Beatty . To the rest of the world , she is the first cover star of one of the world 's most celebrated magazines .	Babette Beatty was the first model on the cover of Sports Illustrated 's swimsuit issue The German had no idea how big the editions , which has turned 50 , would become Beatty landed back from Mexico trip on the day John F. Kennedy was shot dead She now lives in the mountains in Oregon and spends her time painting
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Just after Apple CEO Steve Jobs debuted the next version of his company 's iPhone to the world , the tech luminary had a bit of technical trouble . "  Well jeez , " Jobs said , struggling to get the spanking new iPhone 4 to do much of anything without a connection to a Wi-Fi network . The technical faux pas came during Jobs ' keynote address at Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco , California . At one point , Jobs turned toward the audience and seemed to ask a question of one of his technical directors : "  Got any suggestions ? " he asked . "  Verizon ! " shouted an audience member , in reference to the fact that AT&T , the sole cellular network that carriers the Apple iPhone , gets notoriously bad reception in San Francisco . Many tech bloggers and writers have called for Apple to open the iPhone to other networks , including Verizon Wireless . That did n't happen on Monday . The new iPhone will remain an AT&T - only device . It goes on sale on June 24 to AT&T customers for $ 199 or $ 299 , depending on the amount of storage . Any AT&T customer eligible for a phone upgrade this year can get the iPhone 4 on its debut date at those subsidized prices , Jobs said . After the event , tech industry analysts warned against reading too much into the network glitches during Jobs ' presentation . But , if nothing else , they do symbolize the growing frustration some phone consumers have over the lack of choice among wireless carriers . In a recent interview , for instance , Kevin Tofel , a blogger in the GigaOm network , said it is smartest for consumers to pick a wireless carrier first , rather than get the coolest phone . Otherwise , they 're buying an "  expensive brick , " he said . Analysts said Jobs was having trouble connecting to a Wi-Fi network during his presentation , not AT&T 's troubled 3G network . "  It 's Wi-Fi , " said Carolina Milanesi , research director for mobile devices at Gartner . "  You had so many people in there using Wi-Fi . I did n't read too much into it . " Of AT&T , she laughed and said , "  It 's not always their fault . " Van Baker , research vice-president for Gartner , said the "  Verizon ! " comment from the audience was "  totally unfair ... because it 's not going over the 3G network . " Jobs eventually resolved the issue himself . In a joking yet stern tone , he asked reporters and conference attendees to stop using Wi-Fi networks so that he could finish the presentation . Some 570 Wi-Fi stations were clogging up the connection he needed to complete the presentation , he said . If the attendees did n't comply , he said , he would simply not be able to show off the rest of the iPhone 4 's new features , including its higher-resolution screen , improved camera and video chat functionality -- which , by the way , is only available over Wi-Fi .	Apple CEO Steve Jobs has internet trouble during a presentation Jobs was debuting the iPhone 4 at an event in San Francisco Wi-Fi troubles stop his presentation at one point Jobs asks conference attendees to get off network so he can continue
CNN  -- On Wednesday , all over the Web , "  Slurpee " was the big trend . The date was July 11 . Seven . Eleven . Or , put another way : 7-Eleven . Home of the Slurpee . Just add some bad character development , and you 've got the basic premise of a Nick Cage movie . Of course , it 's no coincidence that this particular word was trending on this particular day . July 11 was the official 85th birthday of the 7-Eleven convenience store chain , and to celebrate they were giving out free 7.11-ounce Slurpees . This apparently caused the Twitterverse to have a collective aneurysm . The general consensus : "  Drink all the Slurpees !!! " In fact , 7-Eleven was prepared to give away up to 10 million of these things across the United States and Canada . So , I attempted a little math , which ultimately ended in tears and a mild rash , and determined that 10 million Slurpees equals 71.1 million ounces . Then I did some additional math , which resulted in more tears and a uniquely different rash , and found that 71.1 million ounces equals 555,468.75 gallons . Then I got a completely unrelated rash and finally embraced the reality that I may need to see somebody . The point is , you could almost fill an Olympic-size swimming pool with all the Slurpees they were planning to give away . Granted , Michael Phelps would then promptly drink the pool to reach his daily caloric intake . But you could . And it would be cold . According to 7-Eleven , their famous "  semi-frozen carbonated beverage " should be served at a "  frosty " 28 degrees . Which makes this next fun fact rather amazing : The No. 1 market in the world for Slurpees is Winnipeg , Manitoba . You know , where the average low temperature in January is minus 10 degrees . It makes absolutely no sense . Perhaps they just like saying , "  Hey , let 's get a Slurp-eh ? " Or maybe Neil Young goes back after each tour and lathers himself in 60,000 ounces of Mountain Berry Blast . Which would be both fascinating and disgusting . Whatever the reason , this was unbelievable information I just could n't process . My phone conversation with the nice 7-Eleven PR lady went something like this : Me : "  Winnipeg ? Seriously ? Winnipeg ? " Her : "  Yep . " Me : "  Hmm . Winnipeg . So I 've got this rash ... " She also told me that , surprisingly , in the United States , the No. 1 market is Detroit . But the No. 1 store for Slurpees is in Kennewick , Washington . I 'm not sure what else to do with this information . I guess ... visit Kennewick . Have a Slurpee . Or do n't . Of course , when it comes to straight-up soda , 7-Eleven also has the Big Gulp . These are great for when you absolutely , positively want to pee for 17 uninterrupted minutes . And if you 're really thirsty there 's the Double Gulp . This is enough to completely drown a small community . So , watch yourself , Kennewick . Without question , it 's a lot of soda . Seemingly more than any one person needs . But the science does n't lie ; 50 ounces of caffeine is pretty much requisite for all mid-to long-range road trips . That , and beef jerky . It 's actually sort of amazing what personal health rules we 'll bend in the process of getting from Point A to Point B when it requires slightly more effort than your standard commute . "  Honey , looks like we 're still 20 miles from Asheville . So you fill up the tank -- I 'll grab 36 Nutter Butters . " And that 's why we have convenience stores . Because they 're awesome . However , what 's not awesome is the fact that we do n't have 7-Eleven in Georgia . And now I really want a Slurpee . So , I guess I 'm off to Kennewick . You know ... before the flood .	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's skewed weekly look at trending social media topics This week , Jarrett ponders the broad reach of 7-Eleven 's free Slurpee day The company was prepared to give away 555,000 gallons of the chilly treat Also ? The Big Gulp is big
CNN  -- Six job recruiters have been indicted in federal court in what the FBI has called the largest human-trafficking operation ever to result in charges in the United States . An indictment unsealed in Hawaii on Thursday accuses employees of a California-based company of luring about 400 people from Thailand with false promises of lucrative jobs . Many of the imported workers wound up laboring on farms under substandard conditions , had their passports confiscated , and were threatened with deportation . In one instance , several Thai workers allegedly were detained at a pineapple farm on Maui and told to pay an additional fee of $ 3,750 to keep their jobs . Those who refused were sent back to Thailand with unpaid debts . "  The object of the conspiracy was to obtain cheap , compliant labor , " said the indictment , "  indebted by the defendants ' recruitment fees , and to compel the workers ' labor and service through threats to have the workers arrested , deported , or sent back to Thailand . " The workers were brought to the United States under the federal H2-A visa program , which places foreign workers on U.S. farms . The case was investigated by the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division and the FBI in Honolulu , where many of the guest workers wound up . Four of those charged worked for labor recruiting firm Global Horizons Manpower Inc. , based in Beverly Hills , California . Two Thai-based recruiters also were charged . The operation allegedly began in May 2004 . Global Horizons President and CEO Mordechai Orian , 45 , an Israeli national , was accused of leading the conspiracy . His attorney , Alan Diamante , did not return a message seeking comment . A call to the company was not answered . FBI agents went to Orian 's home with an arrest warrant Friday morning , but he was not at home , said Special Agent Tom Simon in Honolulu , Hawaii . He said agents have been in touch with Orian by telephone and are attempting to negotiate his surrender to authorities . Attorneys for the Thai laborers said many of them initially were taken to farms in Hawaii and Washington state , where the working and living conditions were often deplorable . Other sites included California , Colorado , Florida , Kentucky , Massachusetts , New York , Ohio , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas and Utah . Several guest workers alleged one of the defendants , Pranee Tubchumpol , promised them pay of $ 8.72 per hour , plus overtime , with a three-year employment contract . But when they arrived in the United States , they received a fraction of the money and were warned not to leave or talk with anyone outside the farm . "  Do not escape or flee because the police or Global -LSB- Horizons management -RSB- will find , deport , or send you back to Thailand , " the workers were told , according to the indictment . The recruitment fees paid by the workers were reportedly as much as $ 17,000 each , with much of the balance to be paid in the United States , subtracted from the weekly wages . The indictment alleges many of the recruitment fees were financed by debts secured with the workers ' family property and homes , which the government says kept many of the employees at the mercy of the defendants . Tubchumpol , who headed international relations for Global , is accused of being the liaison between the company , the guest workers and the Thai authorities . Tubchumpol , 44 , was picked up in suburban Gardena on Thursday and had an initial court appearance in federal court later in the day , said FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller in Los Angeles , California . She is in federal custody and at some point will be transferred to Honolulu , Hawaii , Eimiller said . The first court appearance for any of the suspects is scheduled for Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Honolulu , said Special Agent Simon . He said the other suspects include Shane Germann , 41 , who surrendered to the FBI in Fargo , North Dakota , Friday morning ; and Sam Wongsesanit , 39 , a resident of Kona , Hawaii , who is expected to surrender to the FBI early next week . Two others are residents of Thailand and are considered fugitives , Simon said . He identified them as Ratawan Chunharutai and Podjanee Sinchai , both females , and said FBI agents in the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok will be working with Thai officials to apprehend them . If convicted , all of the defendants would face sentences ranging from five to 70 years in prison . The company says it provides contract labor in 15 countries , including the United States , on four continents . "  Global Horizons Inc. thinks globally and acts locally with a post-9 / 11-worldview , one which understands that economies can not continue to grow and prosper without an ample , qualified and legal workforce , " says a statement on its website . "  Too , it understands the aspirations of countless workers who dream of having better jobs in better places , but who wish to return to their country of native origin when they 've completed the job . This fulfills both the economic and security needs of the host country . " Global Horizons was cleared two years ago in a federal discrimination case from Washington state , where it was accused of favoring non-Hispanic farm workers in the hiring and firing process on local farms . Simon said the investigation is not over . "  There are more than a dozen Hawaii farms that utilized the labor of the alleged victims in this case , " he said . "  None of these farms have been criminally charged in this indictment . The FBI is attempting to learn the extent that these farms were aware of the forced labor conditions of its workers . With few exceptions , the farms have been cooperating with our investigation . " And other investigations are likely , he indicated . "  There are more people living in forced labor today than when President Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation , " he said . "  As long as this is true , the FBI will continue to pursue organizations and individuals involved in human trafficking . "	Indictment unsealed in Hawaii accuses employees of a California-based company 400 people were lured from Thailand with promises of lucrative jobs , the indictment says They instead were coerced into providing "  cheap , compliant labor , " it says
CNN  -- A 4.0-magnitude earthquake struck eastern Ohio on Saturday , one week after a similar but smaller tremor rattled the region , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The quake was centered 5 miles northwest of Youngstown and 6 miles southeast of Warren , the agency said . The quake 's epicenter was 55 miles east-southeast of Cleveland , and 145 miles northeast of Columbus . According to the preliminary estimate , the earthquake struck 1.4 miles deep . There was a lot of shaking "  and a rumbling sound , " said Jimmy Hughes , a former Youngstown police chief running for sheriff of Mahoning County . "  I could see the house move ... It seemed like the ground was moving . " The quake struck one day after Ohio Department of Natural Resources Director James Zehringer announced that work would be halted on a fluid-injection well in Youngstown , due to fears it could be contributing to a recent apparent spike in seismic activity in the area . According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , an injection well "  is a device that places fluid deep underground into porous rock formations , such as sandstone or limestone , or into or below the shallow soil layer . " The decision came after the state of Ohio invited experts from Columbia University to collect more information about seismic activity in the area . The well is owned and permitted to North Star Disposal , a Youngstown company , according to the state . "  While conclusive evidence can not link the seismic activity to the well , Zehringer has adopted an approach requiring prudence and caution regarding the site , " the department said in a press release . Ben Lupo -- CEO of D&L Energy , an independent natural gas and oil exploration , production and marketing group that oversees the North Star well -- recently told CNN affiliate WKBN that there 's full cooperation with experts , though he expressed grave doubts that the injection wells were to blame for the quakes . "  We have approximately 1,000 wells between Ohio and Pennsylvania and we 've never had a problem ... with an earthquake or spill , " Lupo said . One of the Columbia University experts , Dr. Won-Young Kim , said that a problem could arise if fluid moves through the ground and affects "  a weak fault , waiting to be triggered . " He explained the underground waste "  slowly migrates " and could cause issues miles away , adding that the danger could persist for some time as the water travels and seeps down toward the fault . "  In my opinion , yes , " the recent spate of earthquakes around Youngstown is related to this fluid-injection well , Kim claimed -- though there has been no definitive determination , by the state or authorities , indicating as much . There have been "  moderately frequent " reports of earthquakes in northern Ohio since the first one was reported in 1823 , the federal agency noted . A 1986 tremor , measuring magnitude 4.8 , caused some damage . Another in 1998 measured a 4.5 and was centered in northwestern Pennsylvania . According to the Ohio Seismic Network , a 2.7-magnitude earthquake struck around Youngstown around 1:24 a.m. on December 24 . "  No damage was reported , " the network said on its website . The state of Ohio has documented 11 "  seismic events " in 2011 -- each of them , at that point , of magnitude 2.7 or lower . The Department of Natural Resources Director noted that a 4.0 magnitude quake , like the one on Saturday , releases approximately 40 times more energy than a 2.7 magnitude tremor . Youngstown police Sgt. Michael Kawa said that the latest tremor "  shook the whole building we were in , " but that there were no signs of significant damage in the city . That appeared to hold true elsewhere in the eastern Ohio city , based on early post-quake surveys . "  A lot of house alarms , it shook the buildings , " Kawa said of the aftermath . "  The fire department has n't reported any major damage . " Within just over three hours of the quake , nearly 4,000 people from 357 zip codes and 23 cities -- including one as far as Salem , Massachusetts , 515 miles from the epicenter -- had submitted reports to the U.S. Geological Survey 's "  Did you feel it ? " form on its website . Ohio is far from the Earth 's major tectonic plates , with the nearest ones in the Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea , the U.S. Geological Survey explains on its website . Still , there are many known faults in this region , with the federal agency noting that it is likely there additional "  smaller or deeply buried " ones that have n't been detected . "  Few , if any , earthquakes in the seismic zone can be linked to named faults , " according to the geological survey . CNN 's Dan Verello contributed to this report .	NEW : An expert says he thinks an injection well is related to the spate of Ohio quakes NEW : An energy company owner says the wells have never caused any problems NEW : A Youngstown man says after the tremor , "  I could see the house move " The quake was centered 5 miles northwest of Youngstown and 1.4 miles below the surface
CNN  -- San Francisco 's public transit strike was in its third day Wednesday , with the financial toll so far likely to top $ 200 million , economists estimate . Negotiations between Bay Area Rapid Transit and union leaders stretched until nearly 3 a.m. Wednesday , CNN affiliate KGO reported . Progress was made , but no deal was reached . "  We decided we would make more progress if we get more sleep , " said Josie Mooney , chief negotiator for the Service Employees International Union in the talks , according to KGO . The two sides returned to the table at 1 p.m. Wednesday , and California Gov. Jerry Brown appointed two new high-level mediators to handle negotiations , the station reported . About 400,000 daily commuters use BART . The Bay Area Council Economic Institute says its "  conservative estimate " finds that lost worker productivity alone is costing the region at least $ 73 million a day . The loss of economic activity could add tens of millions of dollars to that figure , the council said . The strike is also having "  a costly environmental impact , " the council said . "  Increased traffic congestion is generating almost 16 million pounds of carbon , and wasting almost 800,000 gallons of gas every day at a cost of almost $ 3.3 million . " BART planned limited charter bus service for those working on Independence Day in case no deal is reached Wednesday . Regardless of when the strike ends , BART said , it will still take about 18 hours for train service to resume . The dispute centers on pay and benefits . Unions asked for a 21 % pay increase . BART initially offered to increase salaries by 4 % over four years , but later proposed an 8 % increase ; that was on top of a 1 % increase scheduled to go into effect Monday . Roxanne Sanchez , president of SEIU Local 1021 , said workers are fed up . "  Years of layoffs have affected public safety and services . Crippling cuts have not just made our jobs more difficult , but put undue strain on our livelihoods , our families and our communities , " she said in a written statement . "  We are sorry that the actions of ATU and SEIU have caused such a tremendous disruption to the people of the Bay Area , " BART said in a statement Tuesday announcing "  no indication " that employees would return to work Wednesday . "  We are working hard to bring a fair and responsible resolution to labor talks . BART is the nation 's fifth-largest all-rail train system in the United States , with 44 stations in 26 cities that make up the Bay Area , according to the transit authority . It handles more than 40 % of Bay Area commuters , according to CNN affiliate KPIX . A study last year found San Francisco among the 10 cities with the worst commutes .	NEW : Even if a deal is reached , BART says it will still take 18 hours to resume service Gov. Jerry Brown appoints new mediators , CNN affiliate KGO reports Increased traffic is generating 16 million pounds of carbon , the Bay Area Council says BART normally carries 400,000 daily commuters
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani politician and his bodyguard were killed Monday in a suicide attack in northwest Pakistan , a police official told CNN . Hanif Jadoon had just finished morning prayers on the Islamic holiday of Eid al-Adha when a bomber approached his car and detonated his explosives , police official Muhammad Ejaz Khan said . The attack took place in the Swabi district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  west of Islamabad . Jadoon was a member of the Awami National Party , a secular party often targeted by the Taliban . Nine others were injured in the attack . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack , police said .	Hanif Jadoon was a member of the Awami National Party The secular party is often targeted by the Taliban Police say no one has claimed responsibility for the attack Nine others are injured
Becoming world champions for the fourth time , defeating the illustrious Brazil 7-1 in their own back yard along the way before returning to the adulation of a million people at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin -- 2014 has been just about the perfect year for Germany 's football stars . But things did n't quite go to plan on Saturday as Joachim Low 's side was defeated 2-0 by a well organized Poland in Euro 2016 qualifying . The result marks the first time Poland has ever defeated Germany -- a fact not lost on the raucous home crowd who seemed to expend as much energy singing and shouting over the course of this pulsating Group D match as their heroes did on the pitch . After a goalless first half , Arkadiusz Milik gave the Poles the lead in the 50th minute , rising to nod beyond Germany goalkeeper , Manuel Neuer . Poland 's star-striker Robert Lewandoski then showed great strength to hold-off former Borussia Dortmund teammate Erik Durm late on before squaring to substitute Sebastian Mila who arrowed a fine strike beyond Neuer to make sure of the win . Goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny saved well from German sharp-shooters Andre Schurle and Mario Gotze in the moments after Poland took the lead while Lukas Podolski crashed a left-footed off the crossbar from eight yards out with 10 minutes remaining . Despite having much of the possession , Germany struggled to break down their hosts who were happy to sit deep and play on the counter-attack . "  Obviously , we 're disappointed . " Low said in quotes carried by the German FA 's website after the match . "  I ca n't blame my team for much , maybe only that we were too careless with our chances . Poland then made it 1-0 with their very first shot . " Low 's frustration was echoed by Neuer who admitted to being caught out for Poland 's first strike . "  It was an avoidable defeat , " Neuer said . "  We did n't play badly . If we had scored the first goal , then we would have won . " "  I came out bravely for the first goal , but I was too late -- it was a mistake by me . " Qualification for Euro 2016 in a group that also features Scotland , the Republic of Ireland and Georgia now seems wide open , although the World Champions will still be favorites to qualify . In Saturday 's other Group D fixtures , Robbie Keane scored a hat-trick in the first 18 minutes of the Republic of Ireland 's 7-0 romp against tournament debutants Gibraltar . Scotland overcame Georgia 1-0 in Glasgow , meanwhile , thanks to an own goal from Akaki Khubutia who turned into his own net after a vicious shot from Shaun Maloney . Poland now top the group with six points , ahead of Ireland on goal difference . Germany and Scotland lie three points back in third and fourth position respectively . The Poles have the chance to stretch their lead when they welcome Scotland on Wednesday while Germany will aim to get back on track by defeating the Irish in Gelsenkirchen . Northern Ireland wins , Greeks and Danes draw Elsewhere in Euro 2016 qualifying Saturday , Northern Ireland rose to the top of Group F thanks to a 2-0 home victory over minnows the Faroe Islands . In the group 's other matches , Finland held Greece 1-1 in Helsinki while a stunning free-kick from Balasz Dzsudzsak earned Hungary a 1-1 draw with Romania in Bucharest . A late goal from substitute Lasse Vibe spared Denmark 's blushes against Albania and ensured the Danes remain top of Group I. Armenia held Serbia 1-1 in Hrazdan in Group I 's earlier fixture .	Poland defeat Germany in Euro 2016 qualification match-up Goals from Arkadiusz Milik and Sebastian Mila secure 2-0 victory Result marks Poland 's first ever win over Germany
Washington  CNN  -- The nuclear talks with the P5 +1 -- that 's France , Britain , Russia , China , the United States and Germany -- this past week in Geneva left much to be desired for Iran in terms of final outcomes . The joint action plan calls on Iran to take steps to verify the peaceful nature of its nuclear program . In return , it receives limited sanctions relief until a comprehensive solution within the year takes shape . But a deal is better than no deal as far as Tehran is concerned , and here is why : The move preempts other power centers in Iran . Although President Hassan Rouhani rejected the idea , in the joint plan Tehran admitted de facto that its nuclear program might be in non-compliance . The move preempts hardline factions in Iran from attempts to advance know-how to build a nuclear bomb . It wants a dignified solution . Despite frequent proclamations to the contrary , Tehran will commit to talks until a way out of the nuclear dilemma is found , even if a final deal takes a long while to make . Until then , it can showcase its praiseworthy diplomatic skills . It wants the military option permanently off table . If Iran needs nuclear energy and has the capacity to produce the fuel , then an agreement that allows it to enrich nuclear fuel is not only necessary , but also reduces the chance of a military strike against Iran 's nuclear facilities . That is why it insists on enrichment . It wants to fortify the conservative power-base . Without a deal , that prospect is in jeopardy because rival political factions in Iran will undermine Rouhani 's conservative camp . Already , the joint action plan has come under attack by hardline sources who told Raja News , linked to former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , that it degrades Iran 's nuclear rights . It wants to re-define "  Death to America . " Tehran ca n't control those chants . They aim to sabotage talks but also bring tactical pressure on the P5 +1 to deliver on its end of the bargain . Tehran wants talks to move forward regardless . That is why Interior Minister Abdul Reza Rahmani Fazli told Mehr news agency that the chant means Iran supports talks . While that surely confuses any American , the vast majority of Iranians rejoice in what is implied , that Tehran is ready for a deal with the enemy . It wants to keep hardliners happy . There is a national consensus to resolve the nuclear crisis , according to hardline papers Kayhan and Sobh-e Sadeqh . To reciprocate the favor , Tehran has n't rejected their calls to exercise "  resistance diplomacy , " a term branded to push Tehran to remain defiant in the nuclear talks . Tehran paid lip-service to the cause while it advanced the talks . That means it knows it must "  eat bread based on its daily currency , " to be able to "  tie the devil 's hand behind its back , " as two Persian proverbs go . It wants sanctions lifted . A deal which revamps Iran 's economy and generates hard cash is a good one , even if it happens slowly . The head of Iran 's Foreign Policy and National Security Commission Alaadin Boroujerdi told ISNA news agency the country will stick with talks until all sanctions are lifted , which the joint plan promises to do through a later comprehensive solution . He also told Fars news agency that parliament will make the endorsement of decisions with the P5 +1 conditional on removing sanctions . It wants its three-tier proposal to get a fair chance . The action plan reflects some of the language of the Iranian proposal which was presented and ignored early this month in Geneva . This includes recognizing a step-by-step process to end the nuclear dispute , and the reversibility of an agreement if all its provisions are not fully met . This proposal gives Tehran and other parties a chance to step back and weigh new options if progress in talks falls short of expectations . It wants a deal before the next U.S. presidential race . Tehran does not want to rush talks in order to maximize the advantages of a final deal . But it knows the best opportunity for a good deal is until next November when campaigning for the 2016 presidential election can knock other priorities down the list . Although it risks tying the fate of the nuclear talks to its relations with the U.S. , Tehran is prepared to take that chance . That is why , in an interview with Tehran-based ISNA , its Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said he was ready for the next round of talks to begin right away . It wants to activate its regional diplomacy . Tehran de-linked the nuclear talks from other regional issues including Syria , but remained open to discussing them with the P5 +1 . It paid the price and ignored its neighbors in the process , including Saudi Arabia and Israel who have stakes in Syria , for a higher gain : to limit the impact of its conflicts in the region on its nuclear file . With an initial plan now in place , Tehran can revamp its regional diplomacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Banafsheh Keynoush .	Banafsheh Keynoush : Iran has many things to gain She says it can help keep various sides in Iran happy It limits nuclear weapon development at home And the deal reduces the likelihood of military action from abroad
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Identifying the world 's finest airports is easy . Hong Kong International Airport , Singapore 's Changi and Seoul 's Incheon have topped the ranks of airport awards for the last decade . Sitting comfortably ? Not at Delhi 's Indira Gandhi International Airport , ranked by some as one of the worst . These 21st-century airports boast the best shopping , classiest restaurants , as well as features such as indoor pools , orchid gardens , and free wireless Internet . See world 's best airports The world 's worst airports , however , are harder to pin down . It 's a crowded field to choose from and the choice depends on what you class as bad . See our pick of the world 's worst airports " If it 's for danger , then Baghdad International Airport , in the middle of a war zone , should rank pretty high . Lukla airstrip -- gateway to the Mount Everest region in Nepal -- is also a strong contender . Landing involves a hair-raising plummet onto an uphill airstrip cut into the side of a mountain . On takeoff , the airstrip comes to an abrupt end at the edge of a mountain cliff . What do you think is the world 's worst airport ? Sound off below Watch CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee examine what it takes to become Airport of the year in Hong Kong . " In 2007 , TripAdvisor asked travelers to rank airports according to how easy they are to navigate , the cleanliness of the lavatories and parking facilities . Based on these factors , the 2,500 respondents classed London Heathrow and Chicago O'Hare as the world 's most hated . Yet neither of these major hubs appeared in Foreign Policy magazine 's review of the five worst airports , published in 2007 . The list here included the likes of Mineralnye Vody airport in Russia for its feral cats and daggers on sale in the departure lounge . Charles de Gaulle also gains little affection from those that pass through its interminable terminals . As Foreign Policy says , "  visitors to Paris should expect more than the grimy terminals , rude staff , confusing layout , and overpriced food . " Where was your worst airport experience in 2008 ? Which airport do you think is the most dangerous , uncomfortable or aggravating ? Sound Off below We 're also looking for photos and video of your worst airport experiences . Send them to the Business Traveller page on CNN iReport Here 's your chance to grumble .	Travelers rank Hong Kong , Singapore and Seoul airports as the world 's best Which airports are the worst ? Send your photos , videos to iReport Crowded terminals ? Terrifying airstrips ? Rude staff ? Sound off below
CNN  -- A month into the fall semester , Clemson University has pulled the plug on two dozen fraternities . The university opted to halt all social and new-member activities on the South Carolina campus after the death of a student and a "  high number " of reported incidents involving fraternities . Student Affairs Vice President Gail DiSabatino cited complaints "  ranging from alcohol related medical emergencies to sexual misconduct " as contributing to the decision . "  These behaviors are unacceptable and mandate swift and effective action to protect students , " DiSabatino said in a press release . "  There is no higher priority than the safety and welfare of our students . " "  It is especially prudent to suspend fraternity activities given the tragic death of Tucker Hipps , " she said . Hipps was found dead on Monday . The 19-year-old sophomore went for a run with his fraternity early Monday morning and did not come back , according to the university . His fraternity brothers searched for him and eventually went to campus police . At 3:30 that afternoon , an officer found Hipps ' body in nearby Lake Hartwell close to a bridge . The local sheriff 's office is investigating and it said there is nothing to indicate that "  hazing played a part in the death . " An autopsy revealed the teen likely fell , according to CNN affiliate WHNS . The coroner told WHNS the teen had a head injury consistent with a fall from a height of 20 feet or more . Student responds to university 's decision Tanner Parsons , a freshman at Clemson , says he met Hipps briefly at a fraternity pledge event this year . While he did n't know Hipps personally , the news shocked him . "  It kind of hit me hard that this kid was just like me , just starting college and just figuring stuff out . It 's kind of sobering to think how fast something can happen , " said Parsons , who first shared his story on CNN iReport . Hundreds of students came together Tuesday night to remember Hipps at a candlelight vigil on Bowman Field at Clemson , according to CNN affiliate WLTX . Other schools have been showing their solidarity by wearing orange and posting their photos on social media . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	All social and new member activities halted on the South Carolina campus Complaints range from "  alcohol related medical emergencies to sexual misconduct " 19-year-old sophomore dies after going for a run with his fraternity
CNN  Marine biologists at the South Carolina Aquarium are treating a rare , 475-pound leatherback sea turtle that washed up Saturday on a nearby beach . The episode marks the first rescue of a leatherback sea turtle in South Carolina and is believed to be only the fifth live rescue of this species in the United States , according to the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources . The endangered turtle was found stranded on the Yawkey-South Island Preserve , a wildlife refuge near Georgetown , South Carolina . Rescuers named it Yawkey . Because the turtle is believed to be a juvenile -- rescuers say it 's probably less than 10 years old -- and has not reached sexual maturity , biologists ca n't yet determine its sex . Rescuers found no external signs of trauma to the reptile , although it was hypoglycemic . Staffers with the aquarium 's sea turtle rescue program gave it antibiotics , vitamins and some time to recover at their facilities . The treatments appear to be helping . Aquarium officials said the turtle was more energetic Tuesday than when it was first admitted . Even so , leatherback turtles historically do n't do well in captivity . For that reason , aquarium staffers are working with the state 's Department of Natural Resources to determine the best place and time to release the turtle back into the ocean -- most likely within the next few days . Leatherbacks are the largest turtles on Earth and can grow up to 2,000 pounds . They are found throughout the world 's oceans and have been spotted as far north as Norway and as far south as South America .	Staffers at the South Carolina Aquarium are treating a rare , 475-pound leatherback sea turtle The turtle washed up Saturday on a nearby beach and may be returned to the ocean soon
CNN  -- North Korea threatened to conduct a nuclear test and more ballistic missile tests if the U.N. Security Council does n't withdraw its condemnation of Pyongyang 's rocket launch earlier this month , the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported . A photo released by North Korea 's official Korean Central News Agency showing the recent rocket launch . The U.N. Security Council "  should promptly make an apology for having infringed the sovereignty of -LSB- North Korea -RSB- and withdraw all its unreasonable and discriminative ` resolutions ' and decisions adopted against -LSB- North Korea -RSB- , " a spokesman for the North 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement . "  The measures will include nuclear tests and test-firings of intercontinental ballistic missiles , " the unidentified spokesman said . The statement also said Pyongyang will start building a light-water nuclear power plant and begin production of nuclear fuel . The Security Council condemned the April 5 rocket launch as a violation of a 2006 resolution that bans North Korea 's ballistic missile activity . North Korea , angered by the Security Council 's unanimous vote , has threatened to walk away from the six-party talks aimed at disarming the country of nuclear weapons . It has said it will restore its disabled nuclear reactor . The six-party talks -- involving China , Japan , North Korea , Russia , South Korea and the United States -- have been aimed at persuading North Korea to scrap its nuclear program . North Korea has begun reprocessing fuel rods , its Foreign Ministry said Saturday , according to state-run media . "  The reprocessing of spent fuel rods from the pilot atomic power plant began as declared in the Foreign Ministry statement dated April 14 , " a ministry spokesman said . "  This will contribute to bolstering the nuclear deterrence for self-defense in every way to cope with the increasing military threats from the hostile forces . "	N. Korea angered by U.N. condemnation of recent rocket launch North Korea begins reprocessing nuclear fuel rods , state media reports Process will bolster country 's nuclear deterrence , foreign ministry says Has also threatened to walk away from the six-party nuclear talks
CNN  -- A rugby star married into British royalty has been punished for his controversial off-field antics during the recent World Cup in New Zealand . Mike Tindall was fined Â # 25,000  $ 40,000  Friday and expelled from England 's elite squad for his conduct on September 11 in Queenstown . He said he would appeal the decisions . The 33-year-old , who married Queen Elizabeth 's granddaughter Zara Phillips in July , was caught on security cameras in close conversation with another woman during a night out drinking . He later said she was a friend , but the incident erupted in the British media and disrupted England 's on-field focus . "  Mike Tindall 's actions reached a level of misconduct that was unacceptable in a senior England player and amounted to a very serious breach of the EPS Code of Conduct , " England 's professional rugby director Rob Andrew said in a statement Friday . "  Whilst we acknowledge his previous good character , it needs to be made clear that what he did will not be tolerated . " Tindall was a World Cup winner in 2003 and a stand-in team captain during his 11-year international career , which may now be at an end . He was one of three players found guilty of off-pitch indiscretions during a review of England 's tournament , which culminated in a quarterfinal exit . Chris Ashton and James Haskell were given suspended fines of Â # 5,000  $ 8,000  after an incident at the team 's hotel in Dunedin on September 9 . Dylan Hartley , however , was cleared of being involved after they were all accused of making inappropriate comments to a female hotel worker . "  It should be stressed that the allegations of very serious wrongdoing made by Annabel Newton , a member of staff at the team hotel , were entirely false . We do not believe the players had any intention to sexually harass or intimidate Ms. Newton , " Andrew said . "  However , the incident is precisely the kind of dangerous , compromising situation the players were warned about prior to departure for New Zealand and that they were specifically told to avoid in the Code of Conduct . " England 's tournament was marred by a series of off-field incidents . The night that Tindall was seen with the woman , some of his teammates were pictured wrestling with dwarves at the same bar . Manu Tuilagi was fined after jumping into the sea from a ferry in Auckland the day after England 's quarterfinal defeat by France . The Samoa-born center was also cautioned by police and criticized by head coach Martin Johnson for his actions . Tuilagi was earlier fined by tournament officials for using a non-sanctioned branded mouthguard . Two of Johnson 's assistants were banned from the team 's final Pool B match against Scotland for illegally switching the match ball during a 67-3 win over Romania .	Mike Tindall fined $ 40,000 and expelled from England 's elite rugby squad The husband of British queen 's granddaughter punished for drunken night out Tindall said he would appeal the decisions Two teammates given suspended fines after earlier incident at hotel during World Cup
Washington  CNN  -- No blood was spilled . But otherwise , a packed Senate hearing room Tuesday watched the political equivalent of a heavyweight fight . Top Senate Democrat Harry Reid sat just feet from rival Republican Leader Mitch McConnell for a rhetorical battle royal over campaign finance and Reid 's push to change the Constitution to limit that spending . "  The Constitution does n't give corporations a vote , and it does n't give dollar bills a vote , " said Reid . The Nevada Democrat is pushing for a Constitutional amendment to override the Supreme Court 's 2010 "  Citizens United " decision and allow Congress to set firm limits on independent and corporate campaign spending in federal elections . The proposal , sponsored by Democratic Sens. Tom Udall of New Mexico and Michael Bennet of Colorado , would also allow states to set more campaign limits in their elections . The Judiciary Committee hearing set up a rare side-by-side appearance by Reid and McConnell , two powerful leaders who are known for their sometimes bitter disagreements over process and policy in the Senate . The effect was electric as the hearing started . Hundreds of seated spectators craned their necks to see both men . As McConnell looked straight ahead at the panel of senators , Reid swung . "  Campaign finance reform has been proposed a number of times before -- even by my counterpart , Senator McConnell , " Reid said . The Democratic leader pointed to the Republican 's 1988 proposal that would have restricted some PAC and so-called "  soft-money " contributions made to organizations . McConnell 's office has said that the proposal was an alternative to a much more limiting campaign finance bill and insists he has not voted for any funding restrictions since . But Reid kept at it . "  Senator McConnell had the right idea  in 1988  , " he offered . The Nevada senator also employed his signature move in the debate , blasting conservative billionaires Charles and David Koch , saying the brothers run 15 "  phantom " or "  phony " campaign funding organizations . Who are the Koch brothers ? McConnell waited his turn . Reid finished but then surprised some in the room , indicating he would not stay to hear McConnell 's response . Reid 's office later told CNN that he had to give remarks at a meeting about mental health and suicide prevention . As he moved to leave , Reid joked that his Republican counterpart likely would not be upset by his departure . "  Nope , no problem , " McConnell deadpanned . To scattered laughter , Reid exited . Then , the Republican punched back . "  Given how incredibly bad this amendment is , I ca n't blame my friend , the majority leader , from wanting to talk about the Koch Brothers or what I may have said over a quarter century ago , " McConnell said . The Kentucky Republican jabbed at the proposal to give Congress control of campaign limits . He called it a threat to basic speech rights and then got to the basic disagreement of the debate : Whether limiting campaign dollars is also limiting speech . Supreme Court allows more private money in election campaigns By setting spending rates , McConnell argued , Congress would choose who gets how much influence in politics . "  Not only would  this proposal  allow the government to favor some speakers over others , it would guarantee preferential treatment , " McConnell argued . Other senators in the hearing soon rang in , exchanging quotes from the founding fathers and debating which political party was truly protecting free speech . "  This amendment is about power and it is about silencing citizens , " boomed Sen. Ted Cruz , a Republican of Texas . "  When did the  Democrats  abandon the Bill of Rights ? ... This would give Congress the power to ban books and muzzle movies . " Members of the group Public Citizen , which opposes the "  Citizens United " ruling that removed legal barriers preventing corporations and unions from spending unlimited sums on federal elections , laughed mockingly as Cruz spoke . A few rows ahead , some others shot them stern looks . 2014 Midterms : What 's at stake Democrat Sen. Chuck Schumer responded directly to Cruz ' strike at Democrats . "  I think if Thomas Jefferson were looking down at what 's being proposed here , he would agree with it , " Schumer said . The New Yorker noted that the Supreme Court has upheld some limits on speech , including restrictions on things like child pornography . He directly challenged the Texas tea party favorite . "  I want to ask you Sen. Cruz - are you against anti-child pornography laws ? " Schumer asked . At the time , Cruz was gone , voting on the Senate floor . When he returned , he was not pleased . "  I understand that in my absence Sen. Schumer very kindly gave a lecture on civility and encouraged me not to go over the top , while he then in the same breath accused me of supporting child pornography , " Cruz told the committee sarcastically . "  So I appreciate that demonstration in senatorial restraint from the senior senator from New York . " The hearing was both a serious , powerful debate and an exercise in the tricky personal and political barbs that now litter the Senate . Attendance alone indicated the high stakes and interest in the topic -- with a long hallway full of people being sent to an overflow room to watch the hearing from the building next door . The subject has keen advantages to both political sides , both use it to stoke their bases . But while the hearing may have been high-interest , McConnell ultimately raised the bottom-line question : Where will this constitutional amendment push end up ? "  Everybody on this committee knows this proposal is never going to pass Congress . This is a political exercise and that 's all this is , " McConnell told the committee . Democrats insist they will fight for the change , but there is no vote scheduled yet on the proposal and it is not clear when there could be one . Primaries Roundup	Democrat Harry Reid and Republican Mitch McConnell in a rare joint appearance at Senate hearing Reid is pushing to change the Constitution to override a court decision opening up campaign spending The hearing was an exercise in the tricky personal and political barbs that now litter the Senate
Simferopol , Ukraine  CNN  -- There has been lots of talk by officials about Ukraine , specifically about the disputed region of Crimea and it possibly joining Russia . There have been threats of sanctions and other punitive measures against Moscow , for allegedly supporting this breakaway from Ukraine , in spirit and in action . Troops -- some uniformed , some not -- have been seen in and around the region , raising worries , even if no one has been shot . But could something big and decisive be coming soon ? For as tense as things are now , the fear is that things could deteriorate quickly and bloodily . The trigger may be Sunday 's vote in Crimea , where voters can formally set the stage for its secession from Ukraine and becoming part of Russia . Russia 's increased flexing of its military might has heightened the tensions and raised fears of an imminent invasion , especially after the referendum results come in and the dominoes start falling . Thousands of Russian paratroopers , artillerymen and more on Friday continued a large-scale military drill near the Ukraine border . On the same day , armored truck after truck toting long-range guns and other military equipment rumbled through northern Crimea . Already , eight Ukrainian military units in Crimea have been taken over , 22 others are blocked , and 49 of 56 border patrol stations are in similar straits , Ukraine 's foreign ministry said . Kiev 's new Western-leaning government -- which came to power following the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych , who fled last month after succumbing to intense public pressure in part for aligning more with Moscow and less with the European Union -- has insisted that Ukraine 's territorial integrity , including Crimea , must be respected . Moscow has been equally steadfast in its support for ethnic Russians and abiding by voter 's ' wishes in Crimea . Estonia 's defense minister , Urmas Reinsalu , warned Friday that Ukraine is on the verge of a full-scale military conflict unless Russian President Vladimir Putin 's hand is forced . "  It is clear that we are at a crossroads , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Friday . "  If positions continue to harden and rhetoric continues to sharpen , there is great risk of a dangerous downward spiral . " Neither side is budging . Russia so far has refused any direct talks with Ukraine 's new leaders , but its foreign minister , Sergey Lavrov , has talked daily with Kerry , met face-to-face with him last week in Europe and the diplomats met again for more than five hours Friday in London . Afterward , it appeared -- as has been the case for weeks -- the only thing Russia and the United States agree upon is that they ca n't agree on anything of substance . As Lavrov said Friday , "  We do n't have a common vision . " Kerry : Actions ` calibrated ' if Russia open to talks While the Russian foreign minister and his team did engage in talks Friday , calling them negotiations may be a reach . As Kerry said , Moscow was n't going to do anything until the Crimea referendum 's results are released , likely Monday . In fact , Lavrov did n't have any authority to even negotiate on anything to do with Crimea , according to a senior State Department official . His boss , Putin , reiterated Friday that Sunday 's vote is in line with international law and the U.N. charter , a Kremlin statement said . A day earlier , Russian U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin asked why Crimeans do n't deserve a right to self-determination , just like anyone else . Ukraine 's new government , as well as Western leaders , see it differently . While Churkin accused the West of having "  fanned the flames of unrest , " officials there accuse Russia of instigating and furthering the crisis -- including sending troops into Crimea to blockade and seize Ukrainian military and other facilities , something Moscow has denied . European nations and the United States have already hit back some , with targeted punishments in addition to offers of billions in aid to Ukraine 's fledgling government . The situation seems to have had an impact already within Russia , as evidenced by steep declines in its stock market and the value of the ruble . And the State Department cautioned Americans about traveling to Russia given "  the possibility of violence or anti-U.S. actions directed against U.S. citizens or U.S. interests . " Kerry warned Friday that the "  consequences " will be far more stringent should Putin sign off on the "  back-door annexation " of Crimea . At the same time , he opened the door for less strident measures should Russia opt not to take in Crimea -- whatever the referendum says -- and instead go along with more autonomy , human rights monitoring and other steps for that region if it stays part of Ukraine . "  If there is greater diplomatic opportunity that can be pursued -- and that is , in fact , on the table -- then I 'm confident that whatever the response is would be calibrated accordingly , " Kerry said . "  But if ... a decision is made that is negative and/or flies in the face of all of the rationale that the EU and others have put on the table for the illegality  of an annexation  , that will obviously demand some further response . " For his part , Lavrov called Friday 's conversations -- which he characterized as "  negotiations " -- as "  useful , " even if they did n't produce a breakthrough . He added he 's aware of what might happen if Crimea becomes part of Russia , saying sanctions wo n't help anyone . "  I assure you that our partners understand that sanctions are counterproductive ... and  they  will not facilitate mutual interests , " he said . Unrest , military action continues Some 1,500 miles away from these seemingly calm , cordial discussions , Crimea continues to boil . Col. Evgeniy Pivovarov , the head of a military hospital associated with Ukraine 's foreign ministry , was "  kidnapped " Friday evening in the Crimean capital of Simferopol , a Ukrainian defense ministry spokesman for Crimea said . "  His kidnappers cuffed Pivovarov 's hands behind his back and drove him away , " said Vladislav Seleznev . "  His whereabouts are currently unknown . " Meanwhile , in northern Crimea , video shot by CNN showed green trucks rolling in the direction of Dzhankoy , home to a key military airfield . They appeared loaded , including some with long-range artillery guns . Who was driving them , and for what purpose ? One of the vehicles had a Russian license plate , but the other had no plates at all . And men connected to the convoy refused to answer CNN 's questions on the matter . Ukrainian officials have repeatedly claimed that Russian troops are among the armed men that have , effectively , taken over Crimea on the heels of the local government 's decision to side with Moscow and against Kiev . Russia has denied any direct involvement , saying what 's happening in Crimea is an internal matter . The powerful nation has n't been shy , however , about military activities on its side of the border with Ukraine . Its defense ministry has said about 8,500 artillery personnel were staging snap military exercises not far from Ukraine 's eastern border . U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power estimated "  at least 10,000 " Russian troops overall were involved . "  This is the second time inside of a month that Russia has chosen to mass large amounts of force on short notice without much transparency around the eastern borders of Ukraine , " a senior State Department official said . Meanwhile , six Russian jet fighters were moved to Bobruisk airfield in Belarus on Thursday , Russian state news agency RIA Novosti cited the Belarussian Defense Ministry as saying Friday . The move is part of Belarus ' offer to Russia to participate in joint military drills , the news agency reported . Belarus , a former Soviet republic , borders Russia and northern Ukraine . Russia 's defense ministry released video Friday showing paratroopers floating downward as part of those drills . Should Moscow launch a full-fledged invasion of at least Crimea , they should prevail , said Ruslan Pukhov , the director of CAST , or the Centre for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies , in Moscow . Russia has more than four times the amount of troops as Ukraine , not to mention exponentially more tanks , armored personnel carriers and ships . "  There is no fortification . There is no military infrastructure , " Pukhov said . "  That is why I think it would be quite easy and quick . " CNN 's Diana Magnay reported from Crimea , and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Kellie Morgan in Donetsk , Nick Paton Walsh in Simferopol and Tim Schwarz in Kiev contributed to this report . CNN 's Michael Martinez . Laura Smith-Spark , Frederik Pleitgen , Elise Labott , Yon Pomrenze , George Kazarian and Marie-Louise Gumuchian also contributed .	U.S. warns Americans in Russia about possible "  violence or anti-U.S. actions " U.S. , Russian talks go nowhere : "  We do n't have a common vision , " Lavrov says John Kerry : Russia has a choice , will pay price if it annexes Crimea Armored trucks rumble through northern Crimea ; Russia stages military drill near Ukraine border
OXON HILL , Maryland  CNN  -- Crew members of the Maersk Alabama , safely back in the United States after being attacked by pirates last week off Somalia , recounted their ordeal Thursday . Navy personnel recover the lifeboat from which Maersk Alabama Capt. Richard Phillips was rescued Sunday . "  They start firing before they climb , with AK-47 , " crew member Zahid Reza said . "  I was scared for my life . I was almost close to that . And they tried to shoot me many times , " he said , pointing to his head . "  Pointing gun all over . Here , there , in the back . " Pirates tried three times to board the U.S.-flagged cargo ship before their fourth attempt was successful , fellow crew member William Rios said , adding that the groups of pirates were different but that he thinks they were working together . Rios said he was working on deck when he was called back to lock down the ship . Then , he said , there were gunshots , and an alarm went off to alert all crew members to wake up and get on deck . "  We went to our training , " he said , declining to provide details : "  If I tell you all what we did , pirates , they would know . " Watch the crew praise their captain " The pirates intended to ask for a $ 3 million ransom , Reza said . He said he and the ship 's chief engineer took one of the pirates hostage . Reza said he persuaded the pirate -- whom he described as a young man , maybe 18 or 19 -- to trust him , pointing out that he is Bangladeshi and the pirate was Somali . "  His name is Abdul , " Reza said . "  I told him , ` Trust me . I am Muslim ; you are Muslim . ' " He told Abdul he would take him to the engine room to find more crew members . When they got there , the room was dark , he said , and he did n't know the ship 's chief engineer was in there . He said the chief engineer jumped the pirate first , then Reza stabbed him with his knife , and the two men tied the pirate 's hands and feet . Reza said he intended to kill the youth , but the chief engineer told him , "  No , we need him alive . " Watch Reza talk about wanting to kill the pirate " "  He was fighting me and chief engineer , to get away from us . A lot of yelling , shouting and screaming . " Rios said he went to the lifeboat , where Capt. Richard Phillips was being held , to exchange Abdul for Phillips but was unsuccessful . The captain -- who offered himself as a hostage in exchange for the freedom of his crew -- was rescued by U.S. Navy SEALs on Sunday . The SEALs , on the nearby guided-missile destroyer USS Bainbridge , fatally shot three pirates and rescued Phillips . A fourth pirate was arrested . "  I feel great they got killed , " Reza said . "  I am happy . " He said he was proud of the Navy . Phillips arrived in Mombasa , Kenya , aboard the Bainbridge on Thursday . The crew arrived at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland overnight . Watch crew arrive in U.S. " Rios said Phillips is "  outstanding ; he 's extraordinary ; he 's -LSB- a -RSB- very brave man . " Another crew member , John White , said they were "  damn lucky to be alive . " Rios called for more security in the Gulf of Aden . "  Put more military to patrol the waterway for us transporting material back and forth , " he said . " ... All the countries got to get involved with this . " Reza echoed the call . "  I think government should get involved , " he said . "  They should think about our safety , yes . ... This piracy is getting bigger and bigger . " CNN 's Paul Courson , Virginia Nicolaidis and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	NEW : Maersk Alabama crew tell about pirates ' takeover of ship NEW : Crew member says he gained confidence of , tried to kill pirate NEW : "  I feel great they got killed , " crew member says of pirates NEW : Crew calls for international effort to secure shipping lanes
Washington  CNN  -- The World Bank has canceled Haiti 's $ 36 million debt , the institution announced Friday . Haiti owed the money to the International Development Association , the World Bank 's fund for the poorest countries . The nation , wracked by a devastating earthquake on January 12 , now does not owe any more money to the World Bank . "  Relieving Haiti 's remaining debt is part of our effort to pursue every avenue to help Haiti 's reconstruction efforts , " World Bank Group President Robert B. Zoellick said in a release . "  We will continue to work in close cooperation with the Haitian government and our international partners to support the country 's recovery and longer-term development . " The debt cancellation was made possible by contributions from Belgium , Canada , Finland , France , Germany , Ireland , Italy , Japan , Netherlands , Norway , Spain , Sweden and Switzerland , the World Bank said . Since the earthquake , the World Bank has made $ 479 million available to Haiti to support recovery and development through June 2011 . In addition , a broad array of international donors pledged nearly $ 10 billion in long-term assistance to Haiti 's earthquake recovery efforts during a conference in March at United Nations headquarters . Last year , prior to the earthquake , Haiti obtained $ 1.2 billion in debt relief from the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund and other creditors . January 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake killed more than 200,000 people and leveled large parts of Port-au-Prince , Haiti 's capital .	World Bank cancels Haiti 's $ 36 million debt Haiti now owes no money to World Bank Contributions from 13 countries made debt cancellation possible World Bank has previously made $ 479 million available to Haiti
CNN  -- This will sound a bit strange , I know , but whenever I walk into a grocery store , I have to decide whether or not I feel like telling the cashier I 'm gay . And right now , you 're probably thinking : "  Under what circumstances would anyone have to tell the complete stranger at the checkout counter about his sexual orientation ? " I assure you it 's not about sex . It 's about flowers . I love them . I love smelling them . I love receiving them . I love giving them to my partner . So often when I 'm at the grocery store , I 'll pick up a dozen roses for him . And then the cashier grabs them off the conveyor belt and , because they 're roses , usually says something along the lines of , "  Oh , she 's going to love these . " And that , my friends , is why I have to decide whether or not I feel like coming out to a cashier when I go to the store . The assumption is I 'm buying the roses for a woman . I 'm not . But do I correct the cashier -- thus revealing my sexual orientation -- or do I just let that person go on with the assumption and , well , in a sense stay in the closet ? And before you answer , first ask yourself if your answer would change if I were straight and the cashier said , "  He 's going to love those . " This scenario is not a hypothetical . It 's just my everyday life . And there are similar moments of everyday life like these that people in the LGBT community have to negotiate all of the time . I 'm not sharing my grocery store anxiety to play victim , nor am I trying to somehow make straight people feel guilty . Some of my best friends are straight , and they are fine people . But there is something wrong when a man buying roses for the man in his life becomes a political statement . True , when someone of note comes out of the closet , culturally we 're at the point where many of us respond with a great big "  who cares ? " That , in a sense , is progress . But when there are 29 states where people can be fired for no other reason than being gay ; when there are 35 states where people can be fired for being transgendered ; when 29 states have constitutional amendments banning marriage equality , responding with "  who cares ? " is either naive or disingenuous . Obviously , a lot of people care . Otherwise , folks in Michigan , Texas , Idaho and Florida would not be afraid to lose their jobs if their employer were to learn they were buying roses for their same-sex partner . For those who consider themselves supportive of LGBT rights , perhaps instead of saying "  who cares ? " the more proper response is "  I care . " I care that so many Americans are afraid for their safety for no other reason than who they are . I care that we have laws in place that deny so many Americans the mechanisms they need to take care of their families . I care that right now , there is a young person contemplating taking his or her own life because he or she has been the target of relentless bullying at school , has no support and does n't see a way out . Thursday -- today -- is Spirit Day , and organizations such as The Trevor Project , GLSEN and GLAAD -- all of which I 've been a part of in one capacity or another -- are encouraging fair-minded people to wear purple as a way of letting these young , desperate kids know that this country 's response to their problems is not "  who cares ? " -- it 's "  I care . " So many times , the conversation surrounding LGBT rights is framed by the opposition as a movement that is trying to recruit kids , infringe upon religious rights or ram "  gayness " down people 's throats . The reality is that some of us are just buying flowers . Am I oversimplifying the issue ? I do n't think so . After all , what 's complicated about being a decent human being ? This week , the nation honored the work and life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. during the dedication of his memorial in Washington , D.C. . One of my favorite quotes of his is "  in the end , we will remember not the words of our enemies , but the silence of our friends . " The silence of our friends . So many of us know better but choose to be silent for fear of outing ourselves or being "  guilty by association . " As a result , we let the jokes slide , the slurs be said , the punches be thrown . In the meantime , The Trevor Project reports that LGBT youths are four times more likely to commit suicide than their straight counterparts . When I hear the stories or see the numbers , I feel as if I have no choice but to tell the cashier in the store that the roses are for my partner . And he 's a dude . Not because I 'm parading my sexual orientation around , but because I should n't have to apologetically cram my existence into a dark room , not even for the brief moment it takes for me to pay for my groceries and roll my shopping cart out the door . I come out to my cashier not because I need to say it , but because of the possibility that someone in the neighboring aisle needs to hear it , and I will wear purple on Spirit Day in case someone whose path I cross needs to see it . And judging from the numbers , I 'm pretty sure someone does . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says that when he buys roses , cashier assumes partner is a woman He says such things are an everyday fact of his life and should be corrected to fight bias He says it 's good to support LGBT people but especially important to actively do it Granderson : Today is "  Spirit Day " ; wear purple to show LGBT people you support them
Washington  CNN  -- A former CIA base chief wanted by Italy and detained in Panama has been released , a State Department spokeswoman said Friday . Robert Seldon Lady , who had been convicted by an Italian court for his role in a 2003 rendition case , was flying back to the United States . "  It 's my understanding that he is in fact either en route or back in the United States . Beyond that I have no further details , " State Department deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters . In a 2009 trial , an Italian court convicted Lady and 22 others of abducting Osama Mustafa Hassan Nasr , or Abu Omar , from the streets of Milan in 2003 . Italian prosecutors said Abu Omar was nabbed by a CIA team working with Italian officials . The trial was the first to deal with a practice that human rights groups call "  extraordinary rendition . " They say the United States has often transferred terrorism suspects to countries that practice torture . Abu Omar , who was suspected of recruiting men to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan and was under heavy surveillance by Italy 's intelligence agency , was transferred to Egypt and tortured , Italian prosecutors said . A former senior CIA official said Lady is no longer with the CIA . In the 2009 trial , the Italian court sentenced Lady to eight years in prison , prosecutor Armando Spataro said . The other Americans were sentenced to five years . Each of the 23 Americans was ordered to pay 1 million euros  about $ 1.3 million  to Abu Omar , plus 500,000 euros to his wife . But at the time , it seemed unlikely that the convictions would have much effect on the Americans , as none appeared at the trial and the Italian government did not ask for their extradition . Washington has acknowledged making secret "  rendition " transfers of terrorism suspects between countries but denies using torture or handing suspects over to countries that do .	An ex-CIA base chief was arrested in Panama on an Italian arrest warrant He was convicted in absentia for his role in a 2003 rendition case The State Department says Robert Seldon Lady is now headed to the United States
CNN  -- Authorities in Santa Monica , California , fatally shot a mountain lion Tuesday , acting on public safety concerns after it tried to escape from an office building courtyard in the city . Initial efforts to tranquilize the animal failed , and "  police were forced to use lethal force to prevent that animal from escaping the courtyard and endangering the public , " a police statement said . An officer from the California Department of Fish and Game fired a tranquilizer dart into the animal , which normally takes about 10 minutes to take effect . In the meantime , authorities used water hoses and "  less than lethal " pepper ball rounds in an effort to contain it . But when the animal tried to escape , authorities say the decision was made to use deadly force . The mountain lion , which was thought to be a juvenile weighing just under 100 pounds , had apparently strayed in the from the wild and was first reported just before 6 a.m. in downtown Santa Monica after a maintenance worker spotted it , the statement said . Mountain lion spottings are common in Southern California this time of year , though typically occur away from densely populated areas , according to Andrew Hughan , a spokesman for the California Department of Fish and Game . Unlike bears , they typically shun human contact , he said . CNN 's Stella Chan , Sonya Hamasaki and Chuck Conder contributed to this report .	Authorities in Santa Monica fatally shot a mountain lion Tuesday when it tried to escape Initial efforts to tranquilize the animal failed The animal was first reported just before 6 a.m. in downtown Santa Monica Mountain lion spottings are common in Southern California this time of year
CNN  -- "  We looked at ports in Europe . We looked at street signs . Things on the menu . " In the end , comedian Kevin Nealon and his wife decided to name their son Gable . As in Clark Gable . They simply liked the sound of it , and most people will agree it 's far better than Helsinki , 43rd Avenue or Never Ending Pasta Bowl . This was 4Â 1/2 years ago , but the former "  Saturday Night Live " star still loves to talk about his son . In 2009 , he even published a book about becoming a first-time dad called "  Yes , You 're Pregnant , But What About Me ? " "  We finally got the pacifier away from him , " Nealon says of Gable . "  And now we 're potty training him . It would 've been easier to get the pacifier away from him if we taught him how to pee on it . " Nealon describes himself as a hands-on father but admits , "  It 's because I do n't work that much . " In that sense , he sort of sounds like his character , Doug Wilson , on Showtime 's "  Weeds , " a pot-smoking , former CPA-drifter with a pretty much nonexistent moral compass . However , as you 'll see and hear in our recent video interview , Nealon and Doug Wilson are really nothing alike . "  I have a lot of hobbies , and I have a lot of friends , " he says . "  And I 'm not so insecure as Doug . " They have even greater differences , but everyone still loves Doug . For all his faults and failures , fans just ca n't get enough of the self-centered , shamed city councilman of fictional Agrestic , and he has become , perhaps , Nealon 's most beloved character on TV . This , from the man who spent a decade on "  SNL , " "  entertaining viewers with Hans and Franz and Mr. Subliminal . These days , Nealon is mostly keeping busy on the road with his stand-up act , and he plans to record a new one-hour special next year . Beyond that , Nealon simply remains ... legendary .	Kevin Nealon explains why he and his wife named their son Gable Former "  Saturday Night Live " star plays Doug Wilson on Showtime 's "  Weeds " He says he has little in common with the pothead character he plays
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy is off to a good start at the Scottish Open . He 's hoping for a good finish , too , after missing the cut at the Irish Open . McIlroy shot a course record 7-under-par 64 at Royal Aberdeen on Thursday , and he was actually the second player to better the old mark -- Sweden 's Kristoffer Broberg had earlier fired a 65 . McIlroy carded eight birdies and one bogey in windy , chilly conditions . "  Going out this morning in these conditions I thought anything in the 60s would be a good score , so to shoot something better than that is pleasing , " McIlroy was quoted as saying by the European Tour 's website . A win Sunday would be the perfect way for former No. 1 McIlroy to prepare for the British Open , which starts next week at Royal Liverpool . He won the last of his two majors in 2012 . "  Everything was pretty much on , " McIlroy said . "  I controlled my ball flight really well , which is the key to me playing well in these conditions and on these courses . "  I 've been working the last 10 days on keeping the ball down , hitting easy shots and taking spin off it , and I went out there today and really trusted what I practiced . " Last year Phil Mickelson used the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart as the springboard to his British Open title and his 68 leaves him well within touching distance of McIlroy . Mickelson needs a jolt of confidence given that ` Lefty ' has slipped outside the top 10 in the rankings and has n't finished in the top 10 on the PGA Tour this season . "  I thought it was tough conditions , " Mickelson said in an audio interview posted on the European Tour 's website . "  I was surprised to see some low scores out there because it did n't seem like it was playing easy , and the wind was pretty strong . "  I felt like I played well and had a good putting day . It was a good day . " Last year 's U.S. Open champion , Justin Rose , was tied for 13th with a 69 but Jonas Blixt -- who tied for second at the Masters -- was well adrift following a 74 .	Rory McIlroy shoots a course record at the Scottish Open with a 64 The Northern Irishman tallies eight birdies and one bogey at Royal Aberdeen Sweden 's Kristoffer Broberg had earlier set the course record on Thursday Defending champion Phil Mickelson is in contention after registering a 68
After two grueling months with no word from their loved ones , relatives of those on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 will have to wait two more months before the search resumes underwater . The Bluefin-21 drone is completing its final mission in the Indian Ocean on Wednesday , marking the end of the underwater hunt -- for now . With no tangible evidence found by the drone , which costs an estimated $ 40,000 a day to operate , search officials are regrouping and preparing to deploy more high-tech equipment . Only a handful of companies have such devices , which will likely include towed sonar , an autonomous underwater vehicle with mounted sonar and optical imaging equipment , Australian officials said . Soliciting those companies and negotiating contracts will take time , and officials have said they want a single private contractor to lead the next stage of the search . That phase , which aims to scour 60,000 square kilometers , probably wo n't start for at least two months . The cost ? About $ 60 million . Uncharted territory In the meantime , China is using a specialized ship to map the ocean floor in a remote part of the Indian Ocean -- something that 's never been done before . While the Bluefin-21 can provide greater resolution than deep-towed sonar devices , the drone could only go about 4.5 kilometers deep . It 's unclear how deep the water is in the expanded search area because "  it 's never been mapped , " Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said earlier this month . China 's Zhu Kezhen ship will be joined by a contracted commercial survey vessel in June , the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said . While 26 countries have participated in the hunt for the missing plane , Malaysia , China and Australia have held high-level talks about the future of the search . Malaysia is where the the plane is from , China had more than 100 passengers on board , and Australia had six passengers on board and is close to the stretch of the Indian Ocean where searchers have focused their hunt . Australia has estimated the next phase of the search will cost $ 60 million , with the breakdown of exactly who 's going to pay for what yet to be determined . Satellite data released With the underwater search on hiatus , analysts are combing through a 47-page document containing hundreds of lines of communication logs between the plane and the British company Inmarsat 's satellite system . Relatives of passengers have been clamoring for the release of satellite data for months . It was the satellite data , along with other information , that led officials to zero in on a search area in the southern Indian ocean . And some families suspect officials may be searching in the wrong spot . But the document released Tuesday does n't provide the whole picture . It 's "  intended to provide a readable summary of the data communication logs , " notes at the beginning of the document say . Some passengers ' families , unsatisfied by the official explanation of the plane 's fate , say they want an independent analysis of the complex information -- a process that could take weeks . CNN safety analyst David Soucie said certain key elements , which would allow independent experts to fully test the official conclusion , are missing from the data in the document . "  There 's not enough information to say whether they made an error , " he said . "  I think we 're still going to be looking for more . " Inmarsat CEO Rupert Pearce acknowledged Tuesday that the company did n't release the model to which it applied the data to estimate the plane 's path -- and said the decision on whether to release the model lies with the Malaysian government , which is leading the search . "  We 'd be perfectly happy to put that model out , " Pearce told CNN 's "  New Day . " But Pearce also said the publicized data , along with engine and radar data , are enough for experienced third parties to plug into their own models and reach their own conclusions . Sarah Bajc , whose partner , Philip Wood , was on the missing jet , said she was "  annoyed " that Inmarsat and Malaysian authorities had n't released everything they used to reach their conclusions . "  I see no reason for them to have massaged this before giving it to us , " she said . Regardless of what information has been released , two pressing questions remain -- where is the plane , and what went wrong ? Is Inmarsat right ? Did Inmarsat data point Flight 370 searchers in wrong direction ?	The Bluefin-21 drone wraps up its final underwater mission Wednesday Officials are trying to solicit a private contractor to lead the next stage of the search That stage will use more high-tech equipment , possibly in two months Meanwhile , a Chinese ship is trying to map ocean floor
CNN  -- Ten-man Chelsea produced an astonishing comeback to recover from 2-0 down on the night and beat defending champions Barcelona 3-2 on aggregate in a scarcely believable Champions League semifinal at the Camp Nou on Tuesday . Chelsea began the second-leg tie with a slender 1-0 lead and looked doomed when captain John Terry was sent off for violent conduct in the 37th minute and Andres Iniesta put Barcelona 2-1 up overall shortly afterward . But Ramires put Chelsea ahead on away goals moments before halftime and Chelsea somehow held off wave after wave of Barcelona attack after the break before snatching a 2-2 draw . Lionel Messi hit the bar with a penalty early in the second half and later had another shot pushed onto the post by Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech . Substitute Fernando Torres completed the most unlikely of wins when he scored on the break in injury time to guarantee Chelsea 's place in the final of Europe 's top club competition for the second time in the English side 's history . Is Chelsea win sport 's greatest upset ? "  It is an incredible achievement by this group of players , " said Chelsea coach Robeto di Matteo , who took over in early March on an interim basis when Andre Villas Boas was sacked . "  A lot of people have written us off but we showed the character these players have . " Chelsea will play either Real Madrid or Bayern Munich in the May 19 final at the latter 's Allianz Arena . They will have to do without Terry , Branislav Ivanovic , Ramires and Raul Meireles , who will all be suspended , but that was at the back of the players ' minds as they celebrated one of the club 's greatest wins . "  It was not beautiful , " Torres said , "  and we were playing the best team in the world , but Barcelona did not take their chances and , in the end , it worked for us . " Barcelona , meanwhile , now only have the Spanish Cup to play for after losing to Real Madrid at the weekend and all but conceding the La Liga title . "  It was n't meant to be this year , " coach Josep Guardiola said . "  The first thing that goes through my head is immense sorrow . "  We played exceptionally well for 180 minutes , we did everything we could to be in the final . We 've never worked this hard to be in a final . We failed because we did n't score  more goals  . " Having come away from the first leg ahead due to Didier Drogba 's goal , Chelsea traveled to the Camp Nou knowing Barcelona had won their last 15 home matches in the Champions League . Things started badly when defender Gary Cahill limped off after 12 minutes and got worse when midfielder Sergio Busquets put Barcelona ahead in the 35th minute from Isaac Cuenca 's cutback . Two minutes later , former England captain Terry inexplicably raised his knee as he ran up behind Alexis Sanchez and was shown a straight red card -- leaving Chelsea without both their center halves . "  I want to apologize to the lads and the fans , " Terry said later . "  I feel like I 've let the lads down . " A minute after Terry departed , Iniesta looked to have set Barcelona on their way to the final when he finished off a trademark passing move with a precise , low shot into the far corner from Messi 's through ball . Terry 's absence meant midfielder Ramires was pushed into action as a right back but it was the Brazilian who unexpectedly gave Chelsea hope before halftime . Barcelona had their own defensive reorganization to carry out when Gerard Pique came off after 25 minutes with a head injury to be replaced by Dani Alves , and the hosts were wide open at the back as Ramires skipped on to Frank Lampard 's pass and expertly lifted the ball over the stranded Victor Valdes . Barcelona began the second half in determined mood and quickly won a penalty when Drogba -- who was otherwise superb -- slid in rashly and brought down Cesc Fabregas . Messi stepped up to try to score his 64th goal of the season but smacked the bar with his spot kick . The three-time world player of the year is still yet to score against Chelsea . It still seemed only a matter of time before Barcelona got the crucial goal but as the minutes ticked down amid increasing desperation among the home fans , it began to look like fate was on Chelsea 's side . Sanchez had the ball in the net but the offside flag was up against Alves before Messi was again denied when Cech got fingertips to his shot minutes before full time , leaving him without a goal against Chelsea in eight games . Torres , by contrast , has hardly found the net since moving to Chelsea but it was left to the misfiring Spaniard to run through and score his eighth goal in 11 games against Barcelona . In the English Premier League on Tuesday , Bolton came from a goal down to beat Aston Villa 2-1 to raise hopes of escaping relegation and leave their opponents just three points above the drop zone .	Chelsea sub Fernando Torres seals 3-2 aggregate win over Barcelona Chelsea captain John Terry sent off in the 37th minute Barcelona take lead through Sergio Busquets and Andres Iniesta before Ramires scores away goal Lionel Messi hits the bar with a penalty , and later has a shot pushed onto the post
CNN  -- Sixteen people have been killed and five others injured in a fire early Wednesday at a market in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen , the local government said . About 145 firefighters worked to extinguish the blaze , which charred an area of more than 1,000 square meters  10,800 square feet  , the local government said in a post on Weibo , a Twitter-like service in China . The blaze started around 1 a.m. Wednesday , the state news agency Xinhua reported . Later in the morning , firefighters were still clearing away the embers and searching for survivors in the debris , the agency said . There was no immediate mention of the cause of the fire . The Rongjian Farmers ' Market is a venue for farm produce wholesalers in Gongming New District of Shenzhen , according to Xinhua .	The fire at a wholesale farm produce market burned more than 1,000 square meters About 145 firefighters battled to extinguish the blaze , which began early Wednesday They are still searching for survivors in the debris , Chinese state media report
CNN  -- An Arkansas court has called a short-notice hearing Friday for three men convicted of killing three West Memphis boys in 1993 , with authorities tight-lipped about the nature of the proceeding in a closely watched case . All three of the men -- Damien Echols , Jessie Misskelley Jr. and Jason Baldwin , dubbed the "  West Memphis Three " -- are expected to attend the session in Jonesboro . The state attorney general 's office said it could not comment on the matter , citing a gag order on participants in the case . Stephanie Harris , a spokeswoman for the state court system , said the convicts would appear before a judge in chambers before the public hearing is held . Echols was sentenced to death and Misskelley and Baldwin were given life sentences in the May 1993 slayings of second-graders Steven Branch , Michael Moore and Christopher Byers . The boys ' bodies were mutilated and left in a ditch , hogtied with their own shoelaces . Prosecutors argued that Echols , Misskelley and Baldwin , then teenagers , were driven by satanic ritual and that Echols had been the ringleader . But DNA testing that was not available at the time failed to link any of the men to the crime , and the state Supreme Court ruled in November that all three could present new evidence to the trial court in an effort to clear them . The case has drawn national attention , with actor Johnny Depp and singer Eddie Vedder trying to rally support for the men 's release . CNN 's Nick Valencia and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	A new hearing for the "  West Memphis Three " is set for Friday Authorities are tight-lipped about the subject , citing a gag order
When your city has an unenviable reputation for insulting tourists and fleecing them for every cent , inviting hotel guests to pay what they want could be a risky move . That 's the experiment being tested by several hotels in the French capital during the height of the summer season . "  It 's something like a trust contract between the client and the hotel , " says Aldric Duval , who came up with the "  Payez ce que vous voulez "  Pay what you want  concept as a gimmick to promote Tour d'Auvergne , his three-star hotel in the city 's Opera district . Duval has recruited four other city center hotels , variously rated with three and four stars , to the scheme which runs from July 21 to August 10 . He tells CNN he struck on the idea after successfully running an honesty bar that left it up to guests to declare their booze consumption at check-out . In the City of Light , it seems hotel guests are not generally light fingered . Allowing them to choose their own room rates -- instead of paying typical charges of about $ 250 -- will not only bring in the punters , but will also give the hotel valuable feed back , he adds . "  We put guests at the heart of the system and we transform them into a mystery customer . They will look at the hotel with a new eye and if they play true in this game , it can work . " If guests decide their stay is barely worth a dollar -- or euro , this being Paris -- then it could it could also wind up being an embarrassing financial disaster . Duval does n't think so . Friendlier to tourists "  If the client wants to pay one euro , there 's nothing I can do , but people will know that this approach is not a good deal , we 'll explain it 's not fair if they pay one euro . " "  We could have run a promotion offering free rooms to the first 15 people to answer a question on our Website , but we 've decided to do this instead . " Duval says the scheme has attracted interest from other hotels in Paris and elsewhere in France , with several in Cannes and Nice planning similar deals for the winter low season . The pay-what-you-want scheme follows recent comments by France 's foreign minister , Laurent Fabius , that the country needs to be friendlier and more accommodating to visitors if it want to protect an annual tourism income of $ 16 billion . Duval said his scheme was n't a response to this and complained that the government should be doing more to help hoteliers during tough economic times . "  To be friendly to the tourists Laurent Fabius must cut the hotel taxes and charges , then Paris will be better and more attractive and not so expensive . " It 's unlikely , however , that Fabius will let them set their own tax rates . What would you pay if you could choose your room rate ? Let us know in the comments .	Five hotels in Paris have signed up to the pay-what-you-want scheme during peak summer months Hotelier Aldric Duval says the plan is to create a "  trust contract " between client and hotel He says guests could pay one euro for a hotel room but believes most will "  play true "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration on Wednesday proposed fines against two of the nation 's largest airlines , saying the airlines flew planes on hundreds of occasions in violation of FAA or airline safety standards . US Airways says the problems are in the past . United notes it self-reported its problem . The FAA is seeking a $ 5.4 million fine from US Airways and a $ 3.8 million fine from United Airlines for unrelated violations . Both airlines issued statements Wednesday assuring the public of their commitment to safety . US Airways blamed its problems on the difficulties of merging US Airways and America West maintenance operations in 2007 . United , meanwhile , said it self-reported the incident leading to its proposed fine and has since taken steps to ensure that safety standards are met . The US Airways case involved the greatest number of planes -- eight . The FAA alleges US Airways operated the eight aircraft on a total of 1,647 flights last fall and winter while the planes were in a potentially unsafe condition . Three of the planes were flown while not in compliance with FAA rules known as Airworthiness Directives , or ADs . The FAA issues ADs when it discovers a potentially unsafe condition on a type of aircraft , and it wants airlines to inspect their fleets or conduct preventive maintenance . The FAA said it issued an AD requiring airlines to inspect Airbus A320 aircraft for possible cracking of a landing gear part . But US Airways operated two Airbus A320s on a total of 43 flights without complying with the ordered inspection . The airline also operated an Embraer 190 aircraft on 19 flights without performing an inspection to prevent a cargo door from opening during flight , according to the FAA . The remaining five cases involve the airline 's failure to follow its own maintenance procedures , the FAA said . In a letter to its employees , US Airways Chief Operating Officer Robert Isom called the FAA announcement disappointing . "  It is important to remember that today 's announcement references situations that are in the past , and in several cases , date back to two years ago , " he wrote . "  Our team has worked cooperatively with the FAA to investigate and correct any discrepancies to the FAA 's satisfaction . " The United Airlines case involves one aircraft , a Boeing 737 . According to the FAA and the airline , a pilot noticed a low fuel pressure indication while on a flight from Denver , Colorado , on April 28 , 2008 . The pilot shut down an engine and returned to the Denver airport . United mechanics who inspected the engine found that two shop towels had been used to cover openings in the oil sump area , instead of protective caps . The FAA said the aircraft had flown more than 200 times in the unsafe condition before the problem was discovered . A United spokeswoman said the airline reported the incident to the FAA and has taken several measures to prevent a recurrence , including additional training of maintenance workers . Both airlines have 30 days to respond to the FAA 's proposal for fines . In March , Southwest Airlines agreed to pay $ 7.5 million to settle a complaint that it flew unsafe planes .	FAA seeks a $ 5.4 million fine from US Airways , $ 3.8 million fine from United Airlines Airlines issue statements assuring public of their commitment to safety US Airways case includes planes not complying with Airworthiness Directives United plane flew with shop towels covering openings in oil sump area
