CNN Student News  -- October 17 , 2013 After weeks of accusations and negotiations , U.S. congressional leaders announced a temporary deal to end the partial government shutdown and raise the U.S. debt ceiling . On Thursday , CNN Student News reports on how long the plan would last . We also discuss cyberbullying , the end of a Macy 's Thanksgiving policy , and the reaction to one soldier 's inspiring salute . Plus , a massive fish spawns ideas for scientific research . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How can a photograph be a source of inspiration to those who see it ? What kinds of photographs are the most inspiring ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . cyberbullying 2 . Purple Heart 3 . "  pay it forward " Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What change has Macy 's made with regard to Thanksgiving Day shopping ? How did some shoppers and employees react when other stores made a similar change ? 2 . What are the circumstances surrounding a photo of a wounded soldier 's salute ? 3 . Describe the oarfish recently found off the coast of California . What does the scientist in the video want to do with this fish ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What different perspectives might Americans have on the political agreement announced yesterday ? 2 . What do you think might be some of the causes of bullying ? Do you think that arresting young people for stalking or harassment will have an impact on this issue ? Explain . Do you think that raising awareness about bullying helps to curtail the issue ? Why or why not ? 3 . Why do you think the photograph of a wounded soldier 's salute has gone viral ? How did seeing this picture and hearing the story make you feel ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , D.C. New York City FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Duty called a volunteer firefighter in New Hampshire on Christmas Eve to the site of a fatal car crash , where fate dealt him a heartbreaking blow . The mangled body of a dying woman he removed from the crushed SUV in the town of Brookline was his own daughter , CNN affiliate WMUR reported , citing police . Ellworth Austin said he knew both the volunteer firefighter , Steve Whitcomb , and the daughter , Katie Hamilton . "  It 's a terrible tragedy , " said Austin , who , like Whitcomb , runs a plumbing business in Brookline . "  It 's Christmas ... and everybody is pretty teary-eyed . " The firefighter did n't recognize his daughter 's body at the time , police chief Bill Quigley told local newspaper The Union Leader . "  Her father was the one who pulled her out of the car without knowing it was her , " Quigley said . Hamilton , 30 , died of her injuries caused when another vehicle struck hers from behind , pushing it into the opposing lane of traffic , where a third car collided with hers head on , Quigley told WMUR . Hamilton leaves behind not only her father . "  I know that she is a young mother , " Quigley said . "  It 's a sad , sad day for all of us , not just because it 's Christmas Eve . " In Brookline , almost everyone knows Whitcomb and the tragedy he has suffered . The town of 4,000 holds Hamilton and Whitcomb in high regard , Quigley said . The drivers of the other vehicles were not hurt . Police think the driver of the car that rear-ended Hamilton may have been distracted , the chief said . "  We are pretty certain that speed and impairment were not a factor so that would rule it down to driver distraction at this point , " Quigley said . Police are still investigating the cause , and no one has been charged , WMUR reported . Girl whose wish inspired mass Christmas carol celebration dies CNN 's Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	Report : Firefighter did not know the dying woman he pulled from wreckage was his daughter Katie Hamilton died at age 30 ; she was a mother One vehicle rear-ended hers , pushing it into an oncoming car that hit her head on Police say the driver who rear-ended her car may have been distracted
CNN  -- The government in Niger has declared three days of national mourning for 92 migrants who died from dehydration after their vehicles broke down in the Sahara desert , state media said Friday . The government was "  profoundly moved by the catastrophe " and "  presented its condolences to the victims ' families , " state-run newspaper Le Sahel reported . The victims , almost all of them women and children , had been trying to reach Algeria , Azaoua Mahaman of the Synergie nongovernmental organization said Thursday . Instead , after being stranded in the country 's northern desert , they died of thirst . When found , many of the bodies were severely decomposed and appeared to have been partially eaten by animals . The travelers were hoping to find a better life for themselves in Algeria , trying to escape the extreme poverty and economic hardships in Niger , Mahaman said . The country of about 16 million is one of the poorest in the world and lies second from bottom in the U.N. 's Human Development Index . Hardship and the lack of opportunity prompt many to leave . Niger 's desert north has become a major transit area for migrants , according to the International Organization for Migration , and many people smugglers operate there . Algeria and Libya are the final destinations for some travelers , while others seek to reach Europe , said Laura Lungarotti , migrant assistance regional specialist in the organization 's west and central Africa office in Senegal . Most are from Niger , although others also come from central and western Africa . Once they embark on their journeys , they face "  extremely dry and difficult conditions , " she said . Those who get stranded in the desert face a challenge to survive . Part of the problem is that many would-be migrants are stopped by Algerian or Libyan authorities and are expelled back over the border into Niger 's desert , Lungarotti said . Some of those kicked out are transported directly to two transit centers run by the International Organization for Migration : outposts in the desert where the migrants can receive food , water and first aid . Others manage to make their own way there . Despite the dangers , the migrants ' numbers have been increasing since the beginning of this year , Lungarotti said . Over the past 10 months , more than 15,000 from Niger and 1,300 from other countries have reached the two transit centers : one in Arlit , closer to Algeria , and the other in Dirkou , nearer to the Libyan border . It 's unusual for so many migrants to be women and children , Lungarotti said of the latest deaths . A recent study by the migrant organization found that the majority of migrants are men , although there are growing numbers of unaccompanied minors , she said . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Migrants died of dehydration while crossing the Sahara The government was "  profoundly moved by the catastrophe , " Le Sahel reports The victims , almost all women and children , died after their vehicles broke down They hoped to enter Algeria , a nongovernmental organization says
CNN  -- The funeral service for "  Sopranos " actor James Gandolfini will be held Thursday in Manhattan , a family friend told CNN on Sunday . Gandolfini , who was on a working vacation in Rome , died Wednesday . An autopsy determined his death was the result of a heart attack , according to Michael Kobold , the family friend . The actor 's remains are scheduled to leave Rome on Monday and arrive in the United States the same evening , Kobold said . The service will be held at 10 a.m. Thursday at the Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine in Manhattan . "  On behalf of the Gandolfini family , I would like to thank the Italian authorities for all of the assistance they have rendered in expediting the formalities necessary to repatriate James Gandolfini 's remains to the United States , " Kobold said . "  We are fully aware that this process usually takes seven days and we are extremely grateful for their efficiency in dealing with this matter . We sincerely thank you . " The 51-year-old actor arrived in Rome with his son , Michael Gandolfini , a day before he died . "  Jim was happy , he was healthy , he was doing really fine , " Kobold said . "  He was on vacation with his son . He has an 8-month-old daughter . Everything was going great . I just spoke to him on Father 's Day . " The same day Gandolfini died , he had visited the Vatican and dined with his son , the family said . After he returned to his room , his son alerted hotel staff that he was not answering knocks on the bathroom door . Hotel staff broke down the door to get to him and called an ambulance , said Tiziana Rocca , head of a film festival the actor was planning to attend . Gandolfini was in Italy to receive an award at the Taormina Film Fest in the Sicilian town of Taormina . Instead of the award ceremony , the festival paid tribute to Gandolfini 's lifetime achievements . The actor shot to fame on the HBO drama "  The Sopranos . " In the widely successful series , he played Tony Soprano , a tough New Jersey crime boss . He also appeared in various movies , including "  Zero Dark Thirty " and "  Killing Them Softly . " CNN 's Jessica King and KJ Matthews contributed to this report	NEW : Funeral to be held Thursday in Manhattan , family friend says He thanks Italian and U.S. authorities for expediting the process to have his body sent Gandolfini died last week in Rome The actor had been scheduled to receive an award at an Italian film festival
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- An Indonesian volcano erupted twice Monday , spewing thick ash clouds a day after the number of evacuees rose to 5,200 . The two eruptions occurred within 10 minutes of one another , spitting ash clouds as high as 600 meters  1,970 feet  into the air . Mt. Lokon in the northern Sulawesi province first erupted Thursday night . Since then it has erupted several more times . Authorities worry that the latest eruption sent smoke so high into the sky that it could affect flights at nearby airports . There were no immediate reports of casualties . Indonesia is located on the "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .	The two eruptions occur within 10 minutes of one another There are no immediate reports of casualties Indonesia is located on "  The Ring of Fire "
CNN  -- Severe weather took only about five minutes to knock out windows and rip signs and awnings off buildings in downtown Bridgeport , Connecticut , Thursday afternoon , eyewitness Beth Bowman reported . "  In seconds it just turned black , and you ca n't see across the street . There was foggy , crazy hard rain , " said Bowman , who was in a downtown bookstore in Bridgeport when the severe weather barreled through . After five minutes of darkness , the weather cleared and the sun came out , Bowman said . The damage from the brief but powerful storm included uprooted trees and overturned U.S. postal boxes , she said . Mayor Bill Finch said via Twitter that his city was under a state of emergency . Weather data showed winds up to 75 mph , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . It was not immediately clear if the winds were from a tornado or strong thunderstorm , he said . But the National Weather Service characterized the event as a thunderstorm . It reported wind damage that included "  extensive tree damage . " The Bridgeport Police Department said the storm caused significant damage . Matt Cherry from CNN Radio contributed to this report .	NEW : Eyewitness said it turned black for five minutes , then cleared Severe weather caused significant damage in Bridgeport , Connecticut The mayor put Bridgeport under state of emergency The severe weather 's currently classified as a thunderstorm
Washington  CNN  -- Computer hackers who promise "  high-quality entertainment at your expense " claimed to have taken down the Central Intelligence Agency website in support of WikiLeaks , but on Thursday the website appeared to be operating normally . "  WikiLeaks supporters , LulzSec , take down CIA ... who has task force into WikiLeaks , " the hackers , who call themselves "  Lulz Security , " said on Twitter late Wednesday . WikiLeaks , Julian Assange 's group that facilitates the release of secret information , reposted the message on its own Twitter feed . About an hour later , they said , "  Goodnight twitter . The CIA anti-lizards will probably rise from the packet sea while we rest our shining-yet-saturated power field arrays . " CIA spokeswoman Jennifer Youngblood said Thursday that the agency 's public , unclassified website "  experienced technical issues that caused it to respond slowly for a short period of time yesterday evening . Those issues have been resolved . " The problem had no impact on anything classified , she said . Separately , a U.S. official told CNN there was no hacking , no intrusion , no access into the CIA site . Instead , "  the server was overwhelmed , " this official said . A law enforcement official also downplayed the incident , telling CNN it compared to attacking a bridge with graffiti . The hackers group , using the name The Lulz Boat , claimed responsibility last month for hacking the PBS news website in the United States and posting a story saying that rapper Tupac Shakur , who has been dead for nearly 15 years , was alive and living in New Zealand . That hack followed a PBS documentary on WikiLeaks . The Lulz Boat said it was "  less than impressed " with the program , "  WikiSecrets . " CNN 's Carol Cratty and Jeane Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : It was like "  attacking a bridge with graffiti , " a law enforcement official says Lulz Security , a hacker group that supports WikiLeaks , says it "  takes down " the CIA The Central Intelligence Agency website appears to be working normally The Lulz Boat posted a fake story about Tupac Shakur on the PBS website last month
Mashable  -- After a brief period of downtime Tuesday , the Apple Store has returned with brand new iMacs , confirming recent rumors about an imminent refresh of the lineup . The new iMacs sport the latest Intel Core i5/i7 Sandy Bridge architecture , a HD camera and the new super-fast Thunderbolt port , first seen on MacBooks Pro . Customers will be able to choose between quad-core Intel Core i5 processors and iCore i7 processors clocked up to 3.4 GHz . The 21.5-inch iMac features one Thunderbolt port , and the 27-inch model has two . Finally , the new FaceTime HD camera is included in all new models . Mashable.com : Your next iPad might be an iMac As for the rest of the specifications , 4GB of RAM comes standard ; graphics start with AMD Radeon HD 6750M , which can be upgraded to 6700M or 6970M and the storage ranges from 500 GB to 1 TB , with configure-to-order options allowing for even more memory and storage space . All models come with an IPS LED-backlit high resolution display , SD card slot and a Magic Mouse or Magic Trackpad . The prices for the new models are the same as the prices of old iMacs , ranging from $ 1,199 to $ 1,999 . See the original article at Mashable.com . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	New iMacs sport the latest Intel Core i5/i7 Sandy Bridge architecture The 21.5-inch iMac features one Thunderbolt port , and the 27-inch model has two The new FaceTime HD camera is included in all new models
CNN  -- Here we go again . Yet another supposed crisis in the ongoing soap opera between the Obama administration and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon , visiting Washington last week , was snubbed by top U.S. officials . Jeffrey Goldberg , writing in the Atlantic under the headline "  The Crisis in U.S.-Israel Relations Is Officially Here , " anonymously quoted a senior Obama administration official calling Netanyahu a "  chickenshit " and said the Prime Minister "  has told several people ... that he has ` written off ' the Obama administration , and plans to speak directly to Congress and to the American people should an Iran nuclear deal be reached . " We should be used to these by now . And that 's why those who are interested in these matters ought to lie down , take a deep breath and wait until this one passes . The U.S.-Israeli relationship is n't in crisis , and it 's not on the verge of failing . Indeed , unlike Lehman Brothers , it 's too big to fail -- despite the every real dysfunction at the top . And here 's why : First a little perspective and comment on the paradoxical nature of the travails of this very Odd Couple . This is n't by a long stretch the worst patch in the ties between these two countries . In 1956 , President Dwight D. Eisenhower threatened actual sanctions against Israel and Britain if they did n't stand down from their attack against Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser and the Suez Canal . In 1975 , Secretary of State Henry Kissinger recalled U.S. Middle East ambassadors to reassess U.S.-Israel ties to pressure Israel to accept the second Sinai disengagement agreement with Egypt . President Ronald Reagan withheld fighter aircraft to Israel over Israel 's policy toward Lebanon . Former Secretary of State James Baker in 1990 banned Netanyahu from the State Department for anti-U.S. remarks . President George H.W. Bush denied Israel loan guarantees over Israel 's settlement policies . And in 1996 , Bill Clinton frustrated after his first meeting with then Netanyahu , exploded , "  Who 's the f -- g superpower here ? " The difference in the tensions between now and then are twofold . First , in many of these cases , the U.S. actually threatened to take consequential action or did act . Second , in many of these former relationships , Israel and the U.S. cooperated on important matters regarding peace and war and actually achieved much . Today , we seem to have the worst of both worlds -- it 's just talk , and Obama and Netanyahu are n't getting much done . So why the blow up ? We just had a supposed crisis over the Gaza war , right ? The fact is the problem between Obama and Netanyahu is chronic . Several factors sustain it , driven by deep frustration and even anger reflected in the Obama ' official 's comment . First , these two do n't get along . Bibi is gruff on the outside and unsure of himself on the inside . Obama is mellower in his exterior and supremely confident of himself inside . Bibi is persuaded that Obama is unforgiving on the issue of understanding his politics and bloodless when it comes to Israel 's security needs as a small power . And Obama is persuaded that Netanyahu thinks not a whit about U.S. interests and cares nothing about reciprocity . And then there 's the fact that Obama thinks Netanyahu is exaggerating the downsides of a nuclear deal with Iran , and Netanyahu believes the President really does n't get the severe risks of one . Indeed , it might well be that the current tensions are related to the looming deadline next month for a comprehensive agreement with Iran on the nuclear issue and how each side will react if there 's an agreement -- or if one does n't materialize . One thing is clear : There 's no getting off this roller coaster ride so long as Obama and Netanyahu are around . Their personalities wo n't change and neither will the issues -- settlements , a two-state solution , Iran -- that divide them . But neither is there the need to rush to the conclusion that the U.S.-Israeli relationship is on the verge of a profound crisis that its friends fear and its detractors long for . First , neither Netanyahu nor Obama is looking for an open fight . This behind-the-scenes trash talk is one thing ; a sanctioned public campaign to question Netanyahu 's manhood and competence is quite another thing . Obama has been reluctant to go beyond words because he knows there 's no profit in it . He ca n't stop settlements , promote a two-state solution or even marshal support for an Iran deal without Israel 's acquiescence . And with midterms coming , what possible reason is there for a fight with Israel ? To show Iran that Obama 's a tough guy ? That 's a good one . As for Netanyahu , even if he were really popular at home , he ca n't afford to mismanage the U.S.-Israeli relationship . But he might have concluded that the administration is so bogged down in its own problems and the Middle East is so rife with extremism and jihadi violence that Washington would n't dare go after Israel right now . Second , the reality is that American public support for Israel remains high . And the behavior of ISIS , Hamas , Hezbollah , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the chaos in Iraq and Syria make the turmoil in Arab nations the best talking points to support a strong U.S.-Israeli relationship . This is n't likely to change anytime soon . Finally , there are productive and unproductive fights to have with Israel . An unproductive one is done out of frustration , anger and with no strategy to actually get anything done . A productive one is done with purpose because there 's some problem that is worth pressing a close ally to solve ; and when the smoke clears , that fight leads to a result that everyone can claim as a success . Henry Kissinger fought with Yitzhak Rabin over disengagement agreements following the 1973 war ; Jimmy Carter with Menachem Begin over Camp David and James Baker with Yitzhak Shamir over getting to the Madrid conference . And everyone won . The irony about the current "  crisis " between two close allies is that there 's really nothing worth fighting about . And that makes for soap opera , not good policy .	Israel 's defense minister is snubbed by top U.S. officials , who also speak negatively about Prime Minister Aaron Miller says it would be a mistake to portray this as a real crisis in relationship American presidents have often rapped Israel , sometimes leading to positive outcomes Miller : The problem with the latest eruption is that it 's pointless and unproductive
Of all the Boston Marathons he 's worked , and he 's done a half-dozen of them , Stephen Segatore figured this one would be pretty easy . The weather was cool , so the runners probably would n't be at much risk for heat stroke or dehydration . Maybe he 'd help people with muscle cramps or twisted ankles , but not much more than that . Segatore , a nurse for 18 years , started his day Monday with the elite athletes in Medical Tent B toward the start of the race . Once those runners were well on their way , he transferred to Tent A at the finish line . He was talking to a group of doctors and nurses when they heard the first explosion . Instantly , a team meant to tend to the achy and exhausted became a trauma team . The first step : those who did n't have experience with trauma stepped aside . Those with experience dashed out in the direction of the noise . Segatore , who works in the intensive care unit at nearby Tufts Medical Center , had experience . "  I ran out and saw people who were missing legs and part of their face and part of their abdomen , " he said Monday evening . "  My training prepared me for what to do , but nothing can ever really prepare you for what you see . " Segatore was one of a team of dozens of doctors and nurses who volunteered at Monday 's Boston Marathon . They worked quickly to stop bleeding and start IVs so patients could get into ambulances and to hospital emergency rooms . They treated dozens of patients without proper supplies for severe trauma , such as dressings and pain medications . "  No one expects to work at the Boston Marathon and end up at a terrorist attack , " he said . One of his first patients was a young woman , he thinks maybe 20 or 22 years old , whose abdomen was torn open . Her left leg was broken and facing the wrong way and she was n't breathing . He and his colleagues did CPR on her and kept checking for a pulse , but there was none . They stopped when they realized it was futile . She became the first patient in their makeshift morgue . Segatore and others checked her pockets for a wallet , an ID , a cell phone , anything that would help them find her parents ' names . There was nothing . "  I still do n't know who she was , " he said . "  She had blonde hair , blue eyes , the all-American girl . She was probably a student somewhere in Boston . " "  I 've seen people die all over the world , but I 've never been this upset or angry in my career , " Segatore said . "  This is the Boston Marathon . People come from all over the world and all of a sudden that world exploded on them . " Working alongside Segatore in Tent A was Jim Asaiante , a nurse in the emergency room at the UMass Memorial Medical Center in Worcester , Massachusetts . Asaiante did n't run out after the explosion . He has plenty of experience in trauma , but as a veteran of the Iraq War , he 's also had plenty of experience with explosions . "  I heard the first IED  improvised explosive device  , and I know there 's never one . The bad guys always set up two or three , " said Asaiante , an Army captain who did an 18-month tour in Iraq in 2006 and 2007 . Another victim was brought into the tent , a man with his calves and feet blown off and blood pumping out of his knees . Asaiante put a tourniquet on him , started an IV , and in 15 minutes the man , who was screaming in pain , was in an ambulance . After the second explosion , Asaiante ran out of the tent . "  There was lots of bleeding , shrapnel , glass . It was mayhem , " he said . "  The injuries were very similar to Iraq . " Despite the chaos , he said the work of the doctors , nurses and EMTs was "  impeccable . " Segatore agreed . "  The most amazing thing was how everyone worked in tandem . They did n't even have to speak a word between each other , " he said . "  In 20 years of nursing , this was the most amazing two hours of nursing in my life . "	Segatore : "  No one expects to work at the  marathon  and end up at a terrorist attack " One young woman 's abdomen was torn open ; she did n't make it Asaiante 's experience in the Iraq War told him the blast was an IED
Conakry , Guinea  CNN  -- The loser and the winner of Guinea 's disputed presidential runoff election have both filed court complaints alleging fraud , party officials told CNN on Saturday . In a press conference Saturday in Conakry , European Union officials called the election credible and transparent . Still , weeks after voters went to the polls , the campaign continues to stir discord and , in some cases , violence in the west African nation . Guinea held its much-delayed presidential runoff election between two candidates , Cellou Dalein Diallo and Alpha Conde , on November 7 . Provisional results issued November 15 by the electoral commission declared Conde the winner with 52.5 percent of the overall vote . The African nation 's Supreme Court must now look at fraud allegations put forth by both Diallo and Conde , and will finalize the results by December 2 . And the candidates also have voiced their disputes with authorities outside Guinea . As of Saturday , Diallo had filed dozens of official complaints with the Supreme Court , while Conde had filed three fraud complaints . This comes after three days of clashes between Diallo partisans and supporters of Conde and security officials in multiple cities around the country . At least nine people have died and dozens more were injured . Diallo also plans to file a complaint with the International Criminal Court for alleged abuses in the post-election violence . The Guinean government has declared a national state of emergency and a curfew restricting movement of people from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. , but residents of ethnic Peul neighborhoods in the Conakry suburbs of Enco5 , Bambeto , Hamdallaye and Cosa said that security forces entered the homes of civilians and shot at innocent people before and after the curfew was called . Amnesty International , the U.N. High Commission for Human Rights and the International Crisis Group have all detailed what they say are examples of arbitrary arrests , excessive force , incitement of ethnic hatred and killings by Guinean security officials . Diallo 's UFDG party  the French acronym for the Union of Democratic Forces of Guinea  , has said that the government backed a bloody repression by security forces against its supporters , who are largely from the Peul ethnic group . On Saturday , Oury Bah , UFDG 's vice president , told CNN that the party would make an official complaint to the International Criminal Court . "  There have been cases of -LSB- security forces -RSB- raping women , shooting at unarmed persons and inciting -LSB- ethnic -RSB- hatred , " Bah told CNN on Saturday . Guinea 's prime minister , Jean-Marie Dore , denied UFDG 's accusations on national TV recently , saying that Diallo 's supporters were responsible for the violence . If necessary , "  we will ask the ICC to prosecute those who put people in the streets , " Dore said , referring to Diallo 's supporters . In addition to accusing Diallo of inciting violence , Dore singled out journalist Mouctar Bah  no relation to Oury Bah  of French radio RFI for calling the government repression of post-election protesters "  bloody . " "  What he said was a violation of the law because he can not show a pool of blood in any Conakry neighborhood , " Dore said . Mouctar Bah told CNN that the prime minister 's comments put him in a dangerous position . "  I 'm scared for my personal security ... if a prime minister talks about you , attacks you on television , he is leaving you vulnerable to extremists , to police , to the army and to political officials ... I do n't have any confidence in the government , " Bah told CNN . The ICC , based in The Hague , Netherlands , opened its file on Guinea after the September 28 , 2009 , massacre in Conakry , when security forces killed more than 150 peaceful protesters and injured more than 1,000 , according to Human Rights Watch . The Guinean government said about 50 protesters died and that they were acting violently . Fatou Bensouda , deputy prosecutor for the ICC , visited Conakry on November 19 , when she released a statement saying , "  The Office of the Prosecutor is keeping a close eye on the situation in Guinea and deplores that at least seven persons have been reportedly killed since the announcement of the election results . " "  All reported acts of violence will be closely scrutinized by the office in order to determine whether crimes have been committed that fall under the Court 's jurisdiction and should warrant an investigation . " Guinea is still waiting for the Supreme Court to validate provisional results . It must review charges of fraud from both Diallo 's and Conde 's parties . Despite the provisional results , Diallo 's party is confident that it will emerge as winner . "  We have given the Supreme Court a document 50 centimeters  20 inches  wide with proof of fraud according to what the law demands . We are sure that with that , a dignified official will see that there has been fraud and the results will give El Hadj Cellou the victory , " Oury Bah said . Guinea has been ruled by a military junta , led by Gen. Sekouba Konate , since the death of longtime autocrat Lansana Conte in December 2008 . The presidential election is meant to complete the transition from military to civilian rule . Despite immense mineral wealth , Guinea is one of the poorest countries in Africa .	Both the losing and winning candidates have filed complaints EU officials call the Guinea election credible and transparent Defeated Guinean party claims that troops repressed citizens Prime minister claims the opposing party itself is to blame
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The 88-year-old white supremacist charged with killing a guard at the Holocaust Memorial Museum left a note proclaiming President Obama a tool of "  Jew owners , " according to court records released Thursday . Writings attributed to James von Brunn and a biography appear on the Web site Holy Western Empire . James von Brunn remained in critical condition in a Washington hospital after being shot by other security guards at the museum Wednesday . A notebook found in his car after the shooting declared , "  You want my weapons -- this is how you 'll get them , " according to investigators . "  The Holocaust is a lie . Obama was created by Jews . Obama does what Jew owners tell him to do . Jews captured America 's money . Jews control the mass media . The 1st Amendment is abrogated -- henceforth , " von Brunn wrote , according to an FBI agent 's affidavit . Previous online postings attributed to James von Brunn promoted the claim that Obama has no valid U.S. birth certificate , a debunked theory rejected by U.S. courts and refuted by a certified copy of his birth certificate from the Hawaii Department of Health . A November 2008 post that appeared under von Brunn 's name declared , "  There is no Obama documentation -- no records -- no paper trail -- none -- this is no accident . It is being done on purpose with Media help -- but to serve whom & why ??? " Von Brunn has been charged with murder in the shooting death of museum guard Stephen Tyrone Johns , 39 , and could face the death penalty . Von Brunn has been living with his son and his son 's girlfriend in an apartment in Annapolis , Maryland . The FBI affidavit states he moved in about two years ago , bringing with him two rifles -- one a .22 - caliber , the type used in Wednesday 's shooting , and a .30 - caliber . Watch more about who is James von Brunn " Scott Aulbach , the son 's former roommate , said von Brunn "  did n't like anything about the government " and "  was really prejudiced against blacks and Jews . " But Aulbach said he was "  floored " when he heard the elderly white supremacist was the suspect in the museum attack . "  I knew the guy , and I heard some of the things he had said and some of the things he did in his past , but I never would have expected this to happen , " he said . "  I mean , it 's a tragedy . " But Jesse Demolli , who once exhibited some of von Brunn 's paintings in his Maryland art gallery , said he was not surprised by the news . "  He was crazy . He was a lunatic . He was scary as hell , " Demolli told CNN affiliate Bay News 9 in Tampa , Florida . He said about eight years ago , another gallery referred von Brunn to him . Demolli said von Brunn 's paintings consisted largely of portraits of Native Americans . He hung about a dozen of the works for about three days , and said von Brunn called every day to find out whether anything had sold . After three days , he said , von Brunn accused him of not doing enough to sell the paintings , telling him he "  really needed money . " Demolli said he gave the man $ 20 , which he immediately used to buy beer and cigarettes and returned to the gallery , where he quickly began to disparage residents of the surrounding neighborhood , which was largely African-American . "  Then he started talking about the gas chambers , and I said , ` Jim , that 's it . That 's it . Time out . ' I told him to get out of my gallery , and I started taking his paintings down , " Demolli said . As he removed the last painting , he said , von Brunn opened his jacket to show him a pistol . "  He said he really liked me and today is my lucky day , and he left , " Demolli said . "  He was a crazy , racist man . " Von Brunn 's ex-wife said she was in a "  state of shock " over the shootings . The woman , who asked not to be identified , said she did not know about her husband 's anti-Semitic views until "  a few years " into their marriage , and said she "  was in total disagreement with his views . " She told Bay News 9 that his views were part of the reason their marriage broke up , which she said happened "  over 30 years ago . " "  I ca n't tell you what was in his mind . I have no idea , " she said . Von Brunn grew up in St. Louis , Missouri , attended Washington University there and graduated in 1943 with a degree in journalism . He joined the Navy the same year , became an officer and served in torpedo boats in both Europe and the Pacific , according to Navy records . In July 1945 , just before Japan 's surrender , he became skipper of a PT boat . He worked in advertising after the war , and described himself as an artist before his arrest Wednesday . But by the 1970s , he had become a "  hardcore neo-Nazi , " according to Heidi Beirich , a researcher for the Alabama-based Southern Poverty Law Center . Watch more about the debate over free speech and hate crimes " Von Brunn served a federal prison term for a 1981 attempt to kidnap members of the Federal Reserve 's board of governors , triggered by anger at what he called the "  treacherous and unconstitutional " acts of an institution he called Jewish-controlled . David Gletty , who infiltrated white supremacist groups for the FBI , said younger members of the movement considered von Brunn "  a POW " for his prison time . "  That 's a badge of honor to these people , " Gletty said . "  They look up to that as if , you know , if you 're military , you get the badges of honor , like the Medal of Honor and so on . " Von Brunn 's Web site promoted his book , "  Kill the Best Gentiles , " in which he claimed the Jewish-led "  Illuminati " and Jewish figures such as Sigmund Freud and Karl Marx worked "  to destroy Western civilization and the Aryan nation that created it . " Postings attributed to him on other Web sites declared both Christianity and the Holocaust "  hoaxes , " and announced that "  Hitler 's worst mistake " was "  he did n't gas the Jews . "	NEW : Gallery owner calls James von Brunn a "  crazy , racist man " NEW : Ex-wife says von Brunn 's anti-Semitic views contributed to divorce Note in suspect James von Brunn 's car proclaims Obama a tool of "  Jew owners " Young neo-Nazis consider von Brunn a "  POW " for going to prison , expert says
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has deployed troops to areas near the Colombian border and says he is reviewing plans for a potential war as tension between the two nations rises . "  Three nights ago I told the vice-president . It makes me sad , I confess , that I 'm reviewing war plans , " he said during a phone interview on the state-run VTV network . Special forces are moving to 10 districts near the Colombian border to be prepared in case Colombian President Alvaro Uribe issues an invasion order before he leaves office August 7 , Chavez said Friday . Colombia and Venezuela are at odds over accusations that leftist rebels have found refuge in Venezuela . Colombia says it has photographic evidence of camps belonging to the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -- known by its Spanish abbreviation , FARC -- in Venezuela . Colombia made its case before the Organization of American States earlier this month and asked for international observers to be allowed into Venezuela to verify the presence of the guerrilla group . Venezuela denied the accusations , and in response broke off diplomatic ties with Colombia . On Friday , Chavez told VTV that the Colombian government 's accusations "  have become a threat against our sovereignty , -LSB- against -RSB- our people and against the revolution . " Chavez said surveys by the Venezuelan National Guard have proven that rebel camps do not exist within the country 's borders . He accused Colombian officials and right-wing paramilitary units of plotting his assassination , while the Colombian government has accused Chavez of supporting the rebels . Despite the escalating tensions , the Venezuelan leader on Friday also expressed hope of restoring relations as soon as Colombian president-elect Juan Manuel Santos takes office . He told VTV that he hoped to meet with Santos as soon as possible , but stressed that in the meantime , "  we wo n't be sucked into a war that is not ours . "	Chavez says he is reviewing war plans as tension with Colombia grows Troops are deploying to 10 districts near the border , he says Colombia claims leftist rebels have found refuge in Venezuela Venezuela denies those accusations and has broken off diplomatic ties with its neighbor
Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- Polish legislators were planning Wednesday to hold a June election to choose a successor to President Lech Kaczynski , whose death in an air crash is generating unprecedented scenes of public grief . Mourners lined up through the night outside Warsaw 's Presidential Palace to pay respects to Kaczynski , whose body is lying in state alongside that of his wife . However , amid national unity in the wake of the disaster , there were the first signs of discord with protests reported over a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints . The couple were among 96 Polish dignitaries , military top brass and officials who died when the plane carrying them to a service commemorating Polish prisoners of war massacred in Russia during World War II crashed in bad weather . Their bodies were repatriated earlier this week . Caskets carrying 30 more crash victims were returned to Poland on Wednesday aboard a military jet from Moscow . Draped in Polish flags the caskets were lined up side-by-side by an honor guard during a solemn ceremony at Warsaw 's airport . iReport : Share your photos , video and stories with CNN The disaster has caused shockwaves through Poland , with thousands of people waiting up to eight hours to pay their respects to the first couple . Due to overwhelming demand , the palace was opened to the public through the night . A line of up to 15,000 mourners , many dressed in black and carrying pictures of the deceased first couple , could be seen snaking through the center of Warsaw Wednesday . Images of Poland 's collective grief "  I think this is really unique to Poland , " U.S. ambassador to Poland , Lee Feinstein told CNN , adding that the devastation to the country 's leadership was unparalleled in the contemporary world . Feinstein described Poland as one of the United States ' "  staunchest " allies , largely thanks to military support for U.S.-led operations in Iraq and Afghanistan . U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to be among international figures attending the first couple 's funeral service in Warsaw , scheduled for Saturday . The Kremlin in Moscow said Russian President Dmitry Medvedev would also attend . The service will be followed by the couple 's burial on Sunday in Krakow 's Wawel Castle . The archbishop of Krakow said burying the late president in the historic crypt was the country 's way of honoring him . "  I think in this way the Polish nation wants to include him among the greatest and most revered men in Polish history , " Stanislaw Dziwisz said on Polish state television . There have been reports of protests in Krakow over the decision , while debate has raged online as to whether Kaczynski , seen as unpopular prior to his death , should be buried in a national heroes ' cemetery in Warsaw rather than at Wawel . Biography : Lech Kaczynski A Facebook group opposed to the castle burial had garnered 32,000 followers by late Wednesday . According to Poland 's PAP news agency , a date for the election that will choose Kaczynski 's successor will be announced on April 21 by acting President Bronislaw Komorowski . The agency said the date was likely to be June 13 or 20 . Under Poland 's constitution Komorowski must call the election within 14 days of the president 's death with the vote taking place within 60 days . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen in Warsaw , Poland and Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow , Russia contributed to this story .	Poland set to hold June election to replace president killed in air crash Mourners line up for hours to pay respects to first couple Controversy breaks out over decision to bury Kaczynski alongside former monarchs
Travel + Leisure  -- Breakfast , beer breaks and goat 's - milk ice cream : The ultimate two-day tasting itinerary in Turkey 's largest city . Savor the flavors of Istanbul in between visits to the city 's landmarks . Day 1 : Sultanahmet  The Old City Breakfast On a street lined with carpet shops near the Arasta Bazaar , Tamara Restaurant  breakfast for two $ 20  , whose owners hail from Turkey 's eastern Lake Van area , serves up the region 's puffy breads , herb-flecked otlu cheese , and addictive tahini spread . Eggs baked with spicy soujuk sausage might seem like overkill , but order them anyway . Mid-Morning Fix It would be a crime to miss the Süleymaniye Camii mosque , an Ottoman masterpiece ; it would be sadder still not to visit the nearby Vefa Bozacisi  boza for two $ 4  . Decked out in weathered marble , this vintage cubbyhole specializes in boza -- a cross between pudding and a beverage , which is made from fermented bulgur . Traditionally it 's consumed with leblebi , nutty roasted chickpeas . Lunch Famished after haggling for kilims at the Covered Bazaar ? It 's worth tracking down Seyhmus  lunch for two $ 30  , a macho kebab dive colonized by gaggles of mustached vendors . Order lahmacun -- wafer-thin lamb-slathered pizza -- with seyhmus kebap  an epic charcoal-grilled lamb patty  and a vegetable salad dressed with pomegranate molasses . Washing your meal down with ayran , a tart yogurt drink , is a sure way to pass for a local . Beer Break Unwind with a frosty glass of Efes Pilsen on the rooftop terrace of Seven Hills Hotel  drinks for two $ 10  , which feels like it is suspended between the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sofia against the backdrop of the Marmara Sea . Dinner Though certain Istanbullus swear that fish should be eaten at the water 's edge , the suave , smart-suited businessmen and bejeweled matrons who patronize Balikçi Sabahattin  dinner for two $ 65  know better . A waiter appears as soon as you settle in your seat , carrying a tray of meze , small plates meant to be sampled with raki , Turkey 's signature anise liquor . Order platters of smoky eggplant salad and buttery lakerda  cured bonito  -- then choose grilled levrek  sea bass  , moist and perfectly cooked . Travel + Leisure : World 's top late-night restaurants Day 2 : Other Neighborhoods Breakfast Even if contemporary Turkish art is n't your cup of çay , visit Istanbul Modern  breakfast for two $ 45  , a museum in a renovated warehouse , for its stylish café and waterfront terrace . With luck , giant cruise ships wo n't obstruct the postcard-perfect view of the Old Town as you tuck into a breakfast of simit  sesame bread rings  , creamy beyaz peynir  feta  , crunchy cucumbers , and sour-cherry jam . Ice Cream Farther along the Bosporus road , stop in the village of Ortaköy for a stroll through craft shops and the neo-Baroque mosque . At Mado  ice cream for two $ 2  , sample the goat 's - milk ice cream , which is thickened with the powdered root of wild orchids . Splurge on a triple scoop of pistachio , pomegranate , and black mulberry . Lunch Continue on to Sabanci University Sakip Sabanci Museum , a 19th-century mansion in Emirgan that houses an impressive collection of Ottoman paintings . Espousing a different aesthetic , the museum 's Muzedechanga restaurant  lunch for two $ 98  is noted for its neo-60s interior of unpolished oak and black-leather banquettes . Try the olive oil-braised celery root enlivened with tangerine , and rosy lamb chops , from the smart modern-Mediterranean menu . Drinks Time your visit to Leb-i Derya  drinks for two $ 16  with the sunset -- and the evening call to prayer . That 's when young locals file in for cocktails , like fresh-ginger-and-muddled-lime mojitos , and jockey for steel stools on the open-air terrace overlooking the city 's two coastlines and the Bosporus strait in between . Dinner Beyoglu is known for its raucous drinking houses , or meyhane , where meze are an excuse for rivers of raki . The insiders ' favorite is Kallavi  dinner for two $ 50  , a brick-walled dining room illuminated by chandeliers that sets the scene for house specials like ficin , a spiced meat pie . The best part ? Watching beau monders stomp their heels to the Turkish band 's beat . Wait , is that your wife tossing banknotes at the dashing oud player ? Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Do n't miss boza , a cross between bulgur pudding and a beverage Unwind with a glass of Efes Pilsen on the rooftop terrace of Seven Hills Hotel Visit Istanbul Modern for its stylish café and waterfront terrace
Sydney  CNN  -- Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has welcomed the return by Australia of two ancient Hindu art treasures that were allegedly stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu . During a meeting with Modi in New Delhi on Friday Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott handed over a 900-year bronze statue of Shiva Nataraja  dancing Shiva  and a stone statue of Ardhanariswara  Shiva in half-female form  , also from circa 1100 . "  I would like to convey to Prime Minister Abbott the deep sense of gratitude of 1.25 billion people of India for the efforts he has made to bring with him two ancient statues that were stolen from India , " Modi said . Modi said Abbott and the people of Australia "  have shown enormous respect and regard not only for our ancient treasures , but also for our cultural heritage . " The National Gallery of Australia in Canberra bought the Shiva Natarja for $ 5 million  A$ 5.3 million  in 2008 from then New York-based art dealer Subhash Kapoor . Kapoor was arrested in Germany in 2011 after U.S. investigators raided Manhattan storage units allegedly leased in his name , and found items "  displayed in major international museums worldwide . " Kapoor was subsequently extradited to India where he 's awaiting trial . The former owner of the Art of the Past Gallery , Kapoor sold the Ardhanariswara to the Sydney-based Art Gallery of New South Wales for $ 280,000  A$ 300,000  in 2004 . In March this year , the Indian Government wrote to Australia seeking the return of the two idols . In a statement to mark Abbott 's return of the two statues in New Delhi , the National Gallery of Australia said it "  would never knowingly purchase a stolen or looted item . " It said the gallery had undertaken lengthy , comprehensive and independent research before it bought the Shiva Nataraja from Kapoor . "  Despite these efforts , court proceedings may yet confirm that the gallery has been a victim of a most audacious fraud , " gallery director Ron Radford said . Radford noted that Kapoor 's trial "  is yet to be heard and he has proclaimed his innocence . "	Australia returns lost art treasures to India , including Shiva Nataraja Australian galleries bought the artworks from a dealer who 's awaiting trial Subhash Kapoor is facing trial on theft-related charges Modi conveys "  deep sense of gratitude " from Indian people
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military launched airstrikes targeting ISIS fighters around a key dam in western Iraq on Sunday , the Pentagon said . It carried out the airstrikes near Haditha Dam at Iraq 's request , according to Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon press secretary . Anbar Province Deputy Governor Faleh al-Issawi told CNN that Iraqi forces launched a ground offensive with the protection of U.S. air cover and strikes . The aim of the offensive , he said , was to retake the area around the district of Barawana , which is about 6 miles west of Haditha . The city of Haditha and its dam have remained under the control of Iraqi security forces and Sunni Arab tribes despite ISIS ' numerous attempts to seize them . If the terror group seizes the dam -- the second-largest in the country -- it could prove catastrophic . It provides water to millions of people in western and southern Iraq . Al-Issawi said the area was being used by militants to launch mortar and other attacks on Haditha and the dam and officials have been concerned that these attacks could hit the dam and cause flooding that would impact the entire province . The United States also fears the militants could use the water to flood villages and seize control of the nation 's lucrative electricity industry . "  We conducted these strikes to prevent terrorists from further threatening the security of the dam , which remains under control of Iraqi security forces -- with support from Sunni tribes , " Kirby said . Fighter and bomber aircraft carried out four airstrikes that destroyed ISIS positions and equipment , including Humvees , a checkpoint and a bunker , U.S. officials said . Dams as war weapons ISIS fighters have sought to turn Iraq 's dams into weapons . The group , whose acronym stands for Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , now refers to itself as the Islamic State . Earlier this year , ISIS fighters opened the gates of Falluja Dam in an effort to stop an Iraqi military advance . Water from the dam flooded various villages . U.S. forces have kept an eye on Haditha Dam on the Euphrates River , where Iraqi troops held off an ISIS assault last month . The Pentagon said operations will continue to ensure Iraqi forces maintain control of the dam . "  Potential loss of control of the dam or a catastrophic failure of the dam -- and the flooding that might result -- would have threatened U.S. personnel and facilities in and around Baghdad , " Kirby said in a statement . Recapture of largest dam Last month , U.S. airstrikes helped Kurdish and Iraqi forces recapture Mosul Dam from ISIS . A breach of that dam , the largest in Iraq , would have endangered Iraqis who live downstream and the U.S. Embassy compound in Baghdad , U.S. President Barack Obama said at the time . If it gave way , it would send walls of water racing down the Tigris River toward Mosul and its 1.7 million inhabitants . Massive flooding would affect major cities farther downstream , including Baghdad . Mosul Dam had been the center of an intense battle between the ISIS extremists and Kurdish forces . The U.S. military used air support to help Kurdish forces , including fighters , bombers and unmanned aircraft . ISIS militants have killed thousands of Syrians and Iraqis as the Sunni extremist group seeks to build an Islamic caliphate stretching across a swath of territory . The militants have executed two American journalists in recent weeks , slayings analysts describe as a propaganda tool . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Baghdad , and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Joe Sutton and Tom Dunlavey contributed to this report .	NEW : Anbar Province leader : Iraqi forces fought on ground near Haditha U.S. says it carried out the airstrikes near Haditha Dam at the request of Iraq Failure of the dam would affect millions of people who depend on it for their water Earlier this year , ISIS fighters opened the gates of Falluja Dam and flooded villages
CNN  -- The Pittsburgh Penguins have won the Stanley Cup for a third time after a pair of second-period goals by Max Talbot gave them a narrow 2-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings in the deciding game of the best-of-seven series . The Penguins celebrate with the Stanley Cup after claiming a narrow game seven victory at Detroit . Talbot opened the scoring early in the second period and added a second on a two-on-one break midway through the session to help the Penguins to avenge their defeat to the Red Wings in last year 's finals . Jonathan Ericsson pulled a goal back for the home side with just over six minutes remaining in the game but Detroit were unable to prevent Pittsburgh from becoming the first team in 38 years to claim the Stanley Cup with a game seven victory on the road . The Penguins , who last won the title in 1992 , were depriving the Red Wings of becoming the first team since Detriot themselves  in 1998  to retain the Stanley Cup . "  We 're going to enjoy this one . We 're going to sit back and relish the moment . We 're going to get our names on the Cup , and we 'll get our day with it , " Penguins head coach Dan Bylsma told their official Web site . The result proved a difficult pill to swallow for Red Wings winger Marian Hossa . Last summer , the Slovakian turned down a lucrative long-term contract with the Penguins , thought to be worth in the region of $ 50 million , to sign a one-year $ 7.5 m deal with Detroit -- thinking they had a better chance of hoisting the Stanley Cup . However , he failed to score once in the finals and cast a lonely figure watching his former team-mates lift the trophy .	The Pittsburgh Penguins secure Stanley Cup for the third time in their history Penguins beat Detriot Red Wings 2-1 in deciding game of best-of-seven series Two Max Talbot goals ensures Penguins claim trophy for first time since 1992
CNN  -- A man detained in the disappearance of a Maryland woman during a vacation in Aruba will remain behind bars at least until the end of October , Aruban prosecutors said Monday . Gary Giordano was arrested by Aruban police on August 5 , three days after his traveling companion Robyn Gardner was last seen on a beach on the Caribbean Island . Attorney Michael Lopez went to court Monday morning and asked for Giordano 's release . Lopez argued that authorities do not have enough evidence to continue to hold the 50-year-old Maryland man , but the court did not agree . "  Gary Giordano defense attorney 's request for release has been denied , " said Ann Angela from the Aruban prosecutor 's office . Giordano 's next detainment hearing is scheduled for the end of the month , Angela said . Giordano has maintained that he had been snorkeling with Gardner , when he signaled to her to swim back , according to a statement from the prosecutor 's office . When he reached the beach , Gardner was nowhere to be found , he allegedly said . He was arrested three days after the incident at the airport in Aruba as he waited for a flight back to the United States . He has been held for more than 70 days . Authorities say Giordano was the beneficiary of a $ 1.5 million accidental death insurance policy on Gardner , taken out just days before their trip . On Friday , Giordano hired a new lead defense attorney , Chris Lejuez , who spent two days in lengthy meetings with Giordano at the prison in Aruba where he is confined . Lejuez said Giordano has never changed his account of what happened . Instead , it is the police who come at Giordano with different theories as to what might have happened , he said . Even after all of their investigating , authorities "  can not prove that a crime has been committed , " Lejuez said . Lejuez said Giordano is simply trying to "  hold it together , " and "  feels boxed in , accused of something he did not do . " At one point in their conversation , Lejuez said , his client "  broke down in tears " of frustration . Lejuez will be working with Giordano 's U.S.-based attorney , Jose Baez . Lejuez , who has 17 years of experience as a criminal defense attorney on the island , represented two Aruban security guards who were arrested early in the Natalee Holloway case in 2005 and were subsequently released . The guards had been implicated by Joran van der Sloot , who said he saw a security guard approach Holloway after he dropped her off at her hotel the night she vanished . Holloway 's disappearance remains unsolved . Van der Sloot was arrested but never charged in connection with the disappearance , although he has faced other legal problems since then . Lejuez bristled at any suggestion of similarity between the Gardner case and the Holloway case . "  You had a suspect that kept changing his story , " Lejuez said of van der Sloot . "  In this case ,  Giordano 's  story has been the same . "	NEW : Giordano 's request for release from Aruban custody denied He is a suspect in Robyn Gardner 's disappearance Authorities say Giordano is the beneficiary of Gardner 's $ 1.5 million insurance policy Giordano 's next hearing is scheduled for the end of October
Rome  CNN  -- Five people were convicted of multiple manslaughter and causing personal injury Saturday over the deadly wreck of the Costa Concordia cruise liner off the Italian coast last year -- but only two may serve any prison time under the plea bargain accepted by the judge . The convictions , the first in the case , came after Judge Pietro Molino accepted their plea bargain Saturday morning . The five were originally co-defendants with the cruise ship 's captain , Francesco Schettino . But he is now being tried separately on charges of multiple manslaughter in the wreck and abandoning ship . Court proceedings in his case began this week . Thirty-two people died when the Costa Concordia , a luxury liner carrying 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members , struck rocks off the Italian island of Giglio on January 13 , 2012 . Another 150 people were injured in the evacuation of the ship -- 65 of them seriously . The injuries include partial paralysis , amputations and , in one case , blindness . Under the deal , Roberto Ferrarini , Costa Cruises ' emergency manager in Genova , was sentenced to two years and 10 months in prison and Manrico Giampedroni , hotel director of the Costa Concordia , was given two years and six months . Ferrarini spoke on the phone and by radio to Schettino the night of the crash between impact and evacuation , and Giampedroni was in communication with Ferrarini on Schettino 's behalf that night . Schettino 's first mate Ciro Ambrosio , who was the officer on the bridge and in command of the ship when it went off course , was handed a sentence of one year and 11 months ; third officer Silvia Coronica , who was second in command to Ambrosio at the time , received 18 months ; and helmsman Jacob Rusli Bin was sentenced to 20 months . Those three were also convicted of causing a shipwreck , or maritime disaster . Audio recordings played to the court showed that helmsman Rusli Bin misunderstood Schettino 's directions to turn moments before the ship ran aground . Lawyer : ` We will appeal ' In Italy , sentences less than two years do not generally have to be served in prison except in some cases of homicide , but not in manslaughter . As a result only Ferrarini and Giampedroni are n't likely to serve any time in prison , although they would first have to exhaust the appeals process . The prosecutor backed their plea bargain requests and all five are on the prosecution witness list for the trial of Schettino in Grosseto , the Tuscan city nearest the site of the wreck . Read more : Costa Concordia reveals its darkest secrets But Pierpaolo Lucchese , who is one of the many lawyers who objected to the plea bargains , told CNN he will appeal the sentences . "  It is unthinkable that these lives and the damage to the island are worth two years or less , " he said by phone . "  We will appeal this to Italy 's highest court . " Schettino also asked Wednesday for a plea bargain in exchange for a sentence of three years and five months in prison , but the request has not yet been decided . However , the prosecutor adamantly opposes it so there is little chance it will be accepted . The next hearing in Schettino 's case is scheduled for September 23 , but the judges could rule officially on his plea bargain sooner . Night of chaos Schettino faces three criminal charges : involuntary manslaughter for the 32 deaths , causing a maritime disaster and causing personal injury to 150 people who were badly hurt in the accident . Read more : What cruise lines do n't want you to know According to passengers ' accounts , chaos ensued that night as guests rushed to fill lifeboats and escape the shipwreck . Some crew members helped passengers and then jumped overboard , passengers said . Remaining crew members seemed helpless to handle the melee . The case against Schettino centers on several questions , including why it took him more than an hour to issue an order to abandon ship and why the captain allegedly left the vessel before all passengers had abandoned it . Given the complicated nature of the case , his trial could drag on for a year or more . The prosecutor presented the court with a list of 357 witnesses Wednesday . Running in tandem with the criminal prosecution are numerous civil suits against Schettino , which can be heard at the same time . This means more than 250 civil parties are also represented in court . Read more : Cruise passengers get bill of rights Meanwhile , the Costa Concordia lies half-submerged on its side on the shore of Giglio Island , rusting and rotting in the waters off Tuscany 's coast . Nearly 500 workers are involved in an operation led by Titan Salvage to remove the wreck while protecting the marine environment . Titan and Costa Cruises said earlier this month that they hope to be able to rotate the vessel to a vertical position in September . They will then be able to assess whether it can be refloated and towed away . 1 year on , survivors to mark the disaster Journalist Barbie Latza Nadeau reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer says he will appeal the sentences given to 5 convicted over the cruise disaster The sentences for the 5 defendants range from two years and 10 months to 18 months The trial of co-defendant Capt. Francesco Schettino began this week 32 people died in January 2012 when the cruise liner ran aground and turned on its side
CNN  -- Mainz made it seven wins out of seven in the Bundesliga on Saturday as they overcame 10-man Hoffenheim 4-2 at the Stadion am Bruchweg . The win equals the record -- held by Kaisterslautern and Bayern Munich -- for most wins at the start of a Bundesliga season . Tunisia striker Sami Allagui opened the scoring for Mainz after just two minutes . Hoffenheim hit back before half time with a strike from Demba Ba , but Hungarian striker Adam Szalai restored the home side 's lead two minutes into the second half . Midfielder Lewis Holtby added a third before 19-year-old striker Andre Schuerrle added a fourth from the penalty spot after Josip Simunic was shown a red card for bringing down Holtby in the 73rd minute . How Germany 's ` Carnival Club ' is finding success Mainz , who beat Bayern Munich 2-1 last week , face Hamburg in their next Bundesliga fixture and will be hoping to create Bundesliga history by claiming their eighth straight win . But coach Thomas Tuchel says he 's not interested in records . "  During the game , I did n't even think about records , for me it is not even an issue , " Tuchel said , AFP reported . Ex-England boss Steve McClaren was denied a fourth straight win as Wolfsburg drew 1-1 with Moenchengladbach . Danish midfielder Thomas Kahlenberg gave Wolfsburg the lead after 27 minutes but Thorben Marx tied the scores with a 65th minute strike . Freiburg moved up to fourth place in the table after a 3-2 home win over Cologne , while Hamburg are now seventh after they came from behind to beat Kaiserslautern 2-1 . Schalke went down to their fifth defeat of the season losing 2-1 to Nuremberg , leaving last year 's runners-up languishing in second to last place in the table . Sunday 's fixtures see Bayern Munich travel to second-placed Dortmund , bottom-placed Stuttgart host Frankfurt and fifth-placed Bayer Leverkusen take on Werder Bremen .	Mainz their 100 percent record in the Bundesliga with a 4-2 defeat of Hoffenheim Mainz need one more win to secure record for most wins at start of Bundesliga season Wolfsburg held to a 1-1 draw with Moenchengladbach ; Hamburg beat Kaiserslautern 2-1
Michael Brown 's stepfather says he 's sorry for his emotional outburst to demonstrators after learning Officer Darren Wilson would n't be indicted in the teen 's death . But he says he 's unfairly taking heat for the rioting that followed . Despite Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson 's assertion that police are investigating whether Louis Head intended to incite a riot with his words , law enforcement sources told CNN that Head is unlikely to be prosecuted . Head said Wednesday that "  emotions got the best of me " on the night of November 24 in Ferguson , Missouri , when he yelled "  Burn this motherf -- er down ! " and "  Burn this bitch down ! " "  I was so angry and full of raw emotions , as so many others were , and granted , I screamed out words that I should n't have screamed in the heat of the moment , " he said in a statement obtained exclusively by CNN 's Don Lemon . "  It was wrong , and I humbly apologize to all of those who read my pain and anger as a true desire for what I want for our community . "  But to place blame solely on me for the conditions of our community , and country , after the grand jury decision , goes way too far and is as wrong as the decision itself . To declare a state of emergency and send a message of war , and not peace , before a grand jury decision was announced is also wrong . "  In the end , I 've lived in this community for a long time . The last thing I truly wanted was to see it go up in flames . In spite of my frustration , it really hurt to see that . " No charges likely Do n't expect any charges to come from the Ferguson and St. Louis County Police investigation into Head 's comments , local law enforcement officials tell CNN . The officials say the investigation is n't likely to go anywhere , in part because it would face a high bar to prove that Head 's words actually caused any rioters to act . One law enforcement official was frustrated by Jackson 's comments , which officials view as inflammatory at a time when they 're trying to calm the situation . "  We just wish he would just shut up , " the law enforcement official said . Even if the investigation into Head 's comments does n't result in charges , the police investigation could still cause problems for him . Federal court records indicate he is on probation for a previous drug charge . CNN reached out to his probation officer , but there was no response to a request for comment . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson ` He just spoke out of anger ' Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , was standing next to Head , her husband , when he made the comments . She herself told the crowd that night that she 'd never experienced anything like this , and offered some context in a CNN interview last week . After hearing the grand jury 's decision , McSpadden said she felt like she 'd been shot herself and her "  emotions were raging . " Head was angry , too , she said . "  He just spoke out of anger . It 's one thing to speak , and it 's a different thing to act . He did not act . He just spoke out of anger , " she said . "  When you 're that hurt and the system has did you this wrong , you may say some things as well . We 've all spoke out of anger before . " Asked if her husband could be responsible for the fires and rioting , she replied , "  That 's impossible . ... These things have been going on since August 9 , when it first happened . " Charles Barkley : We never talk about race until something bad happens 'Cause and effect ... hard to prove ' CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes told CNN on Tuesday that he thought a prosecution was unlikely . "  I think they 'll have a hard time proving that somebody that heard him in the midst of all that noise actually went over and did an arson or committed an act of starting a fire . I think most of the people you see in the crowd are not watching CNN . They 're not watching media reporting of him saying that , " he said . Also , Fuentes said , it 's likely many people who had gathered in Ferguson as the grand jury 's decision was announced were already determined to act . "  I think the cause and effect of his words will be hard to prove , " Fuentes said . Protests nationwide Brown 's August shooting death -- and last week 's grand jury decision not to indict the officer who killed him -- have sparked numerous protests in Ferguson and across the country . Demonstrations heated up again on Wednesday after a grand jury in New York decided not to indict a police officer in the choking death of Eric Garner , an unarmed black man suspected of selling cigarettes illegally . Four members of the Denver Police Department 's bicycle unit were injured after they were struck by a car while doing crowd control as a large group of high school students protested the Ferguson grand jury 's decision , CNN affiliate KUSA reported . One of the officers is in critical condition undergoing surgery , police said . This week Attorney General Eric Holder visited Atlanta in what he said would be a series of nationwide conversations after the upheaval in Ferguson . "  This presents this nation with , I think , a unique opportunity , " Holder said . "  And I think it 's incumbent on all of us to seize this opportunity to deal with issues that for too long have been ignored . " Holder will be traveling to Cleveland on Thursday , the Justice Department said , followed by trips to Memphis , Tennessee , Chicago , Philadelphia and Oakland , California . More crowds demand action as Obama lays out plan	Michael Brown 's stepfather says he 's sorry for yelling "  Burn this bitch down " last week Police are investigating whether Louis Head intended to incite riot , police chief says Do n't expect Head to be prosecuted because it 's tough to prove , law enforcement says "  We just wish he would just shut up , " law enforcement official says of Ferguson police chief
CNN  -- If I were to admit what went on in my house this morning -- how I raised my voice more than once and slammed the kitchen cabinets after my 8-year-old daughter kept talking back to me -- how many people would think I 'm a "  bad mother " ? Probably more than a few . I bring up the issue after something that took place very publicly involving the new first lady of New York City , Chirlane McCray , wife of Mayor Bill de Blasio . In an in-depth profile in New York magazine on her upbringing , professional experience and relationship with her husband , McCray talks oh-so-briefly  one paragraph in a six-page piece  about how she struggled with the weight of the responsibilities and the loss of some of her independence when her first child , Chiara , was born in 1994 . "  I was 40 years old . I had a life . Especially with Chiara -- will we feel guilty forever more ? Of course , yes . But the truth is , I could not spend every day with her . I did n't want to do that . I looked for all kinds of reasons not to do it , " said McCray . "  I love her . I have thousands of photos of her -- every 1-month birthday , 2-month birthday . But I 've been working since I was 14 , and that part of me is me . It took a long time for me to get into ` I 'm taking care of kids , ' and what that means . " She never said she was a bad mother , mind you , but that did n't stop one New York City tabloid from using the label . On the front page of the New York Post , along with a picture of McCray , was this nearly full-page headline : "  I Was a Bad Mom ! " The New York Daily News had a slightly more restrained take with a smaller photograph on its front page , along with the headline , "  Did n't want to be a mom . " The coverage prompted an unusual move by the mayor , calling a press conference just to denounce the tabloids and demand an apology to his wife . A features editor at the Daily News , who is a new mom herself and just back from maternity leave , defended the coverage in a post , saying the papers did n't make the story up . It is what McCray said . "  Chirlane , you 're probably a good mother . Maybe even a great one . But that does n't mean you get to fret about your performance â $ " then complain at how people discuss it , " said Raakhee Mirchandani , the Daily News features editor . But is that what happened ? Here was a woman speaking candidly and expressing something that a lot of women can probably relate to and then the media jumped in , using the words "  bad mom " and suggesting she did n't want to be a mom , when that 's not the case . Would the media or anyone else , for that matter , do the same if a man admitted he struggled with balancing parenthood and his professional life , or if he realized he did n't want to spend every waking moment with his kids ? You know the answer . "  Society has this just general obsession with the dichotomy of motherhood , good versus bad , and we have this failure to see women as whole beings with motherhood only making up one aspect , " said Avital Norman Nathman , editor of "  The Good Mother Myth : Redefining Motherhood to Fit Reality . " "  Instead , motherhood always gets pushed front and center and then it becomes judged , whether you are excelling or not . " Rebecca Levey , a mom of twins and co-founder of a video sharing site for tweens called KidzVuz , said the whole brouhaha reminds her way too much of a former first lady . "  This sounds so much like when Hillary Clinton said I 'm sorry I did n't stay home and make chocolate chip cookies ... and then she had to go freakin ' make chocolate chip cookies and put out chocolate chip cookie recipes , " said Levey , who hosted a parent blogger roundtable earlier this year at City Hall with the mayor and his wife . What these stories do , women say , is make other moms feel less confident to speak out about how motherhood , for them , might not be "  this cookie cutter , sugar coated version , " said Norman Nathman , who also hosts a blog called The Mamafesto . "  How many people complain about their jobs and nobody questions their ability to do X , Y and Z ? " she said . "  But yet when it comes to motherhood , where we 've placed all this pressure on parents and specifically , obviously women to turn out amazing kids , any kind of negative comment and we 're blasted . " There has been a trend , Levey said , of female bloggers and authors writing sarcastically about what a bad mother they are , almost making it "  cool " to be the "  griping mom . " But get serious and the response is not quite the same , she said . "  If you actually admit that maybe on a real level , you think , ` Oh my God , maybe I really messed up  as a mom  , ' that 's not OK , " said Levey . "  So you can be snarky and sarcastic but you ca n't be honest . " Katharine Zaleski , mom to a 5-month-old , said as a new mom she totally gets what McCray was saying . "  You work like crazy to get to where you are and then the most wonderful event in your life , the birth of your child , completely rips you from the world you strived to rise in . " "  Frankly , I feel sorry for women who ca n't express what McCray did , " said Zaleski , who is co-founder and president of Power to Fly , a new company connecting women and moms with job opportunities . "  To me , that says they do n't feel comfortable talking about the lives they built before motherhood and their goals post-baby . Furthermore , when has it been good for children to have mothers who pretend they do n't have a life beyond them ? " Jennifer Bosse , a mom of two , ages 1Â 1/2 and 3 , went back to work when her firstborn was 7 weeks old . She questioned her desire to work , and her desire to be home , and ultimately decided to stay home full-time and become a freelance writer , creating a blog called Defining My Happy . "  Motherhood is not all sunshine and rainbows , " said Bosse on Facebook . "  It 's tough . It 's heartbreaking . Sometimes I need time away to re-group . Does that make me a bad mother , too ? Absolutely not . We 're human . " What do you think it will take to stop labeling women as "  bad mothers " ? Chime in in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	The NYC first lady speaks candidly about motherhood in magazine profile One NYC tabloid showcases the first lady with the headline "  I Was a Bad Mom ! " Moms say the media and society in general are quick to label mothers , good vs. bad "  Motherhood is not all sunshine and rainbows , " says one mom
CNN  -- Martin Kaymer and Graeme McDowell tasted team success at September 's Ryder Cup , but the former major winners have had to wait a long time for individual glory this year . That ended on Sunday as former world No. 1 Kaymer clinched his first tournament win since November 2011 and McDowell posted his first victory since 2010 in another exhibition tournament . "  I 'm very happy to finally win this year , that was the most important thing for me because I was practicing very hard , " Kaymer said after landing the $ 1.25 million first prize at the Nedbank Challenge in Sun City , South Africa . "  I played very well the last few weeks and months , but it just did not happen for me on the golf course . " The German finished two shots clear of South Africa 's 2011 Masters winner Charl Schwartzel in a 12-man field that also included 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen and former world No. 1 Lee Westwood . Kaymer followed up compatriot Bernhard Langer 's victory in the seniors event in Sun City on Saturday . "  Bernhard has been a massive help for me . We talked at the Ryder Cup on the Saturday in the players ' lounge when I did n't play at all , and we talked about the spirit and the attitude of the Ryder Cup , and you can use that for regular tournaments as well , " Kaymer said . "  So he has been a huge influence for me . There was a bit more pressure today because everyone was talking about the German double . But I 'm very fortunate that everything worked out for me , and it 's obviously very nice from Bernhard that he called me straight away . " McDowell , meanwhile , upstaged Tiger Woods by winning the 14-time major champion 's Chevron World Challenge event in California . The Northern Irishman , whose last victory came at the same tournament in 2010 after he also won the U.S. Open , finished three shots clear of last year 's PGA Championship victor Keegan Bradley to claim the $ 1.2 million first prize . He was congratulated by compatriot Rory McIlroy , who last weekend ended his season as world No. 1 and leader of both the U.S. and European money lists . "  Great win @Graeme_McDowell !! They should rename that event the Gmac Challenge ! Enjoy the well deserved break ! " McIlroy wrote on Twitter . Woods , who ended his own long victory drought as host 12 months ago , finished tied for fourth with fellow Americans Jim Furyk and Rickie Fowler .	Martin Kaymer posts his first victory of 2012 in his final event of the season German wins $ 1.25 million first prize at Nedbank Challenge in South Africa Fellow Ryder Cup winner Graeme McDowell wins $ 1.2 million at World Challenge McDowell upstages host Tiger Woods to claim his first win since 2010
Singapore 's Changi Airport has been crowned the best in the world for the fourth time in 14 years at the prestigious World Airport Awards in Geneva . The Southeast Asian hub beat off competition from Incheon Airport in South Korea and Amsterdam Schiphol in the Netherlands , which came in second and third respectively . The award was based on surveys conducted by international travel research and consultancy group Skytrax , who polled 12.1 million passengers over a nine-month period . A total of 39 services and products -- including check-in , arrivals , transfers , shopping , security and immigration -- were examined at 395 airports across the world . See also : 7 of the world 's most entertaining airports "  In winning this prestigious accolade , Singapore Changi Airport cements its place as one of the world 's favorite airports , " said Edward Plaisted , chairman of Skytrax . A bustling aviation link between east and west -- catering for more than 52 million passengers and 1.81 million tons of cargo in 2012 -- Changi has gained a reputation for its attentive passenger experience and abundant entertainment services . The airport offers free city tours to all travelers on a stopover of five hours or more and plays host to facilities such as an on-site swimming pool , butterfly garden , nature trail and cinemas . Changi was also one of the first airports to introduce free WiFi areas and previously scooped the Skytrax best airport award in 2000 before going on to win again in 2006 and 2010 . In an interview for CNN 's monthly feature show The Gateway , Changi 's executive vice president for airport management , Tan Lye Teck said : "  It 's always heart-warming to know there are people who show appreciation for things we do . " "  We will continue essentially what we 've always been trying to do  which is put the  passenger , the user , the customer ... at the center of everything , " he added . See also : The world 's record breaking airports Other destinations to rank highly in the best airport category this year include Hong Kong International and Beijing Capital International , carrying on a tradition of strong Asian performance at the awards . All in all , five out of the top ten airports were based in East Asian cities . Hong Kong has previously claimed the best airport gong eight times , Incheon twice and Singapore Changi four times . Only one non-Asian airport has ever won the sought-after prize , Amsterdam Schiphol in 1999 , the award 's inaugural year . Schipol was named the best European airport for 2013 while the honor for best North American destination went to Vancouver International Airport in Canada . Cape Town International , Lima Jorge Chavez International , Panama Tocumen and Abu Dhabi International took home the regional prizes for Africa , South America , Central America and the Middle East respectively . A full list of the winners and prize categories from the World Airport Awards can be found here .	Singapore Changi Airport has been named world 's best airport at World Airport Awards The Asian hub held off competition from Europe , North America and other Asian cities Awards have been dominated by airports in the East Asia for over a decade
Washington  CNN  -- A missing Iranian researcher , who Tehran claimed the CIA abducted , has sought sanctuary in the Pakistani Embassy in Washington , a senior U.S. official and two senior Pakistani diplomatic sources told CNN on Tuesday . "  Iranian scientist Shahram Amiri , who was kidnapped by the Americans , had gone to the Pakistani Embassy in Washington , D.C. and taken refuge at Iran 's Interest Section . He has requested to be sent back to Iran quickly , " Iran 's semi-official news agency Mehr said Tuesday . Since he is an Iranian national , the Interest Section will prepare his papers , buy him a ticket and send him home , the Pakistani sources said . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Tuesday that Amiri is in the United States "  of his own free will " and is "  free to go " back to Iran . She also repeated the U.S. request that Iran release three American hikers jailed there . Amiri told the United States of his plans to return to Iran , and he was scheduled to travel Monday but was unable to make the appropriate travel arrangements in time , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said . Responding to a question about a potential "  prisoner swap , " Crowley said the United States remains concerned about three American hikers being held against their will in Iran and Robert Levinson , the former FBI agent who disappeared in Iran two years ago . But he denied any suggestion of a swap . Last week , the United States returned 10 alleged spies to Russia in exchange for four people who had been jailed in Russia . Abdul Basit , a spokesman for the Pakistani Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said that Amiri came to the embassy at 6:30 p.m. Monday . The Pakistani diplomatic sources said no one in Iran was aware of Amiri 's whereabouts until his arrival at the embassy . Because Iran and the United States do not maintain diplomatic ties , the Pakistani Embassy looks after Iran 's interest in Washington . Iran 's Interest Section is in a separate building on the grounds of the embassy . Basit said it is controlled and staffed by Iran -- with about 70 to 80 Iranian diplomats . Pakistan has no control over the section , Basit said , adding that Amiri was not a guest of , nor was he in the custody or protection of the Pakistani government . Amiri , a researcher at Tehran 's Malek Ashtar University , mysteriously disappeared in June 2009 while on a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia , according to Iranian media reports . Iran has accused the United States of involvement in Amiri 's disappearance , saying the researcher was taken to force him to give up data about Tehran 's nuclear program . But the Pakistani sources said Amiri is not considered a top scientist in Iran and would not be privy to highly sensitive information , so his alleged captors apparently concluded he offered little use to them . The U.S. State Department has denied involvement but has been tight-lipped on whether Amiri defected and per policy , the CIA does not comment on defections . But a U.S. official who is not authorized to speak publicly said Amiri 's actions show the reality of the situation . "  His multiple videos and now his trip to the Iranian Interests section -- clearly prove he was not held in the United States against his will , " said the U.S. official . "  He came to this country freely , he lived here freely , and he has chosen freely to return to Iran . The United States , to be sure , is n't standing in his way . He himself gives the lie to the idea he was tortured or imprisoned . He can tell any story he wants -- but that wo n't make it true . " The U.S. official also said that Amiri "  may well be feeling some pressure from back home . ... That could be one explanation for his contradictory messages . That said , he 's decided of his own volition to go back , and the U.S. wo n't stop him . He 's been a free man here , and that includes the freedom to make his own choices . " On Sunday , Iranian media quoted a top Iranian lawmaker as saying that newly found documents back up Tehran 's claims that the CIA is responsible . "  The U.S. move to kidnap Amiri runs counter to international regulations , " said Javad Jahangirzadeh , a member of Iranian parliament 's National Security and Foreign Policy Commission , the semi-official Fars news agency reported . He said Iranian officials had turned over the documents to the Swiss ambassador in Tehran . Last month , two videos surfaced on the internet of a man claiming to be Amiri in which he said he had escaped from U.S. agents and was hiding in Virginia . That was the third time that videos allegedly showing Amiri had circulated on the internet . In one , he said he had been kidnapped by U.S. agents . Another contradicted that claim and said he was living freely and studying in Arizona . In one of the videos posted June 30 on YouTube and dated June 14 , the man again said that he was brought against his will to the United States and fears he will be discovered and re-arrested . "  I am Shahram Amiri , the son of the Islamic Republic of Iran , who with God 's help succeeded in running away from the U.S. security agents in the state of Virginia . I am -LSB- temporarily -RSB- at a safe place and I am trying to do this video but it is quite possible that I may shortly be again arrested by American security agents . " He went on to say : "  I am not free here and not allowed to contact my family or other people . If I face any problems or if I do not return to my country soon , the government of the U.S. would be directly responsible for it . " CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the videos nor the identity of the man in them . "  If he is who people think he is , the U.S. would be in contact with the person , " a CIA official said last month . And if he were being held against his will , "  how would he have been able to produce any of the videos ? " the official asked . In the second video that surfaced June 30 and dated June 23 , the man claiming to be Amiri reassures his family about his well-being . "  I want to let my beloved family know that I am OK and they should not worry about my health , " he says . "  With God 's help I shall return to my beloved country in the next few days . I want them to be , as always , strong and patient and to pray for my safe return . I hope to see you in our beloved country . " Tehran blamed Washington for Amiri 's disappearance shortly after revelations surfaced that Iran has been building a second uranium enrichment facility near the city of Qom . After that , tensions over Iran 's nuclear program mounted . Iran says its nuclear energy is solely for civilian purposes . But the United States pushed the United Nations to punish Tehran for its nuclear ambitions . The Security Council recently slapped a fourth round of tough sanctions on the Islamic republic . CNN 's Pam Benson , Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Secretary of State Clinton says the scientist is in the United States of his own free will The Iranian scientist arrived at the Pakistani Embassy on Monday Iran claims U.S. kidnapped Amiri to force him to give up data about Iran 's nuclear program U.S. has denied charge but remains tight-lipped on whether Amiri defected
CNN  -- Do n't be surprised if Casey Anthony walks out of jail a free woman after her sentencing Thursday , legal experts say . And , they add , there is nothing stopping her from cashing in on book or movie deals -- as her acquittal on serious charges now means she is free to profit off her story . With Tuesday 's not guilty verdict on murder charges behind her , Anthony -- and the thousands riveted by every twist in the case -- now turn their attention to Thursday when the 25-year-old will learn her fate . A jury on Tuesday found Anthony not guilty of first degree murder , aggravated child abuse and aggravated manslaughter in the 2008 death of her daughter Caylee . But she still faces sentencing on four counts of lying to police regarding a missing person case . Each misdemeanor count carries a maximum sentence of one year in county jail , for which Judge Belvin Perry has the option of sentencing her consecutively or concurrently . Many legal experts believe Anthony will be freed on time-served because she has already been jailed for about three years . "  I would be surprised if she does n't walk out of the courtroom Thursday , " said Atlanta defense lawyer Penny Douglas Furr . "  She has served so much time already . I do n't think the judge will make her serve any more time . The real question now is , what will she do next . " There will be no legal restrictions on Anthony profiting on the details of this case , cashing in on deals for movies , books or interviews , analysts say . Because of her acquittal , so-called Son of Sam laws -- laws designed to keep criminals from earning money from their crimes -- do not apply , they say . "  Why ca n't she make money off of her story ? " said Drew Findling , another defense lawyer . "  You 've seen so many cases where witnesses for the prosecution have profited from the case . Look at the O.J. Simpson case and how the prosecutor , who lost the case , wrote books and made money afterwards . So why ca n't Casey do it ? " HLN 's Nancy Grace , who has covered the Anthony case extensively since Caylee was reported missing , did not mince words about Anthony 's possible plans . "  Now tot mom finally has the beautiful life that she envisioned . She 's free , " Grace said on her show Tuesday . "  She will walk free as early as this Thursday . She 's set up to make very likely over a million dollars off the murder of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee Anthony . " The seven-week long trial ended with 11 hours of deliberation when an Orange County , Florida , jury found Anthony not guilty of the most serious charges . "  This jury ignored the scientific evidence , " said New York lawyer Susan Moss . "  Apparently , they found the only 12 people who still think the world is flat . " But Andrea Lyon , who once represented Anthony , said the evidence was n't there . "  That prosecution overreached , " Lyon said "  AC 360 . " "  They used junk science . They attempted to overwhelm the lack of evidence with character assassination . They did not have evidence of a homicide . " The jurors in the case declined to speak to the media as did four alternate jurors . The fifth , Russell Huekler , told CNN he agreed with the verdict "  wholeheartedly . " "  The prosecution did not prove their case , " Huekler said . "  The big question that was not answered : How did Caylee die ? " Through the course of the trial , dozens lined outside the Orlando courtoom to get a glance at the spectacle . The proceedings featured allegations of sexual abuse , questions regarding Anthony 's competence and various theories on what happened to Caylee . Prosecutors alleged Anthony used chloroform to render her daughter unconscious and then duct-taped her mouth and nose to suffocate her . They alleged that she put the child 's body in the trunk of her car for a few days before disposing of it . Anthony 's defense attorneys maintained that Caylee was not murdered at all . They said the child drowned in the Anthony 's above-ground pool on July 16 , and that Anthony and her father , George , panicked upon finding her there and covered up the death . Anthony 's lawyer , Jose Baez , also alleged that Anthony 's father sexually abused her from the age of 8 and she had been taught to conceal her pain . The upbringing explained some Anthony 's bizarre behavior during the time her daughter was missing , he argued . According to testimony , Anthony was not looking frantically for her missing child as she later told police . Instead , she moved out of her parents ' home and stayed with her then-boyfriend , Tony Lazzaro . She also got a tattoo saying "  Bella Vita " -- Italian for "  beautiful life " -- and went shopping , witnesses said . She also partied at Orlando nightclubs and participated in a "  hot body " contest at one point , according to testimony . George Anthony denied the molestation claim in testimony , saying , "  I would never do anything like that to my daughter . " Throughout the trial , the pain experienced by Anthony 's family was evident . Both her father and mother sobbed on the stand at times recalling their granddaughter . George Anthony also cried as he testified about his January 2009 suicide attempt , which came shortly after Caylee 's remains were identified . At one point during the trial , Anthony 's mother , Cindy , was seen mouthing the words "  I love you " to her . After the verdict , the parents released a statement saying they wished to "  move forward privately " and requested the media respect their privacy . "  While the family may never know what has happened to Caylee Marie Anthony , they now have closure for this chapter of their life . They will now begin the long process of rebuilding their lives , " the parents said . If Anthony is released Thursday , it is unclear if she will be rebuilding her relationship with her parents . In Session correspondent Jean Casarez said she asked Cheney Mason of Anthony 's defense team where Anthony will go when she is free . "  He told me it would not , with all seriousness , be back to her family home , " Cesarez recounted . "  But , of course , anything is possible . " Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Lyon : The prosecution overreached Legal experts say Casey Anthony could go free Thursday A jury acquits Anthony of murder charges "  Why ca n't she make money off of her story ? Why ca n't Casey do it ? " a legal expert says
CNN  -- If you think all conservatives support a deportation-only approach to immigration , think again . Last week , hundreds of conservative evangelicals gathered in Alabama to engage in a reasonable , respectful discourse on immigration . You read that right . Less than a year after Alabama enacted the strictest immigration law in the land , evangelical students , pastors and national faith leaders gathered at Samford University in Birmingham for "  a Christ-centered conversation on immigration " called the G92 South Immigration Conference . Following the example of Cedarville University 's inaugural G92 gathering last fall in Ohio , evangelical Christians gathered in Birmingham to discuss immigration through the prism of the Bible . Instead of listening to partisan sound bites , participants looked to the word of God -- specifically the 92 references to "  ger , " the word for "  stranger , " in the Old Testament alone . Calls for humanity and compassion came from national and local evangelicals who recognize the law 's devastating effects . Dr. Richard Land , president of the Southern Baptist Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission , said , "  As Christians , we have a responsibility to obey the rule of law , not to enforce the law . And , as citizens of heaven , we also have a responsibility to feed those who are hungry without asking them for -LSB- their -RSB- immigration status . " He is right . Policymakers ' misguided race to the bottom on immigration has also affected faith leaders ' ability to minister to all of God 's children , regardless of immigration status . And , the economic impact to the state has been dramatic . The Alabama law , HB56 , resulted in some crops rotting on the vine and police arresting a visiting executive of a multinational car manufacturer with a new plant in the state . Now , economists forecast that the law will cost the Alabama economy billions of dollars . Closing the event , Dr. Michael Wesley Sr. , of the Greater Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church in Birmingham , reflected on the nation 's ongoing struggle for civil rights : "  America is a land of opportunity . And , if done correctly , it can be a land of opportunity for all of God 's children . " A fundamental shift is occurring among conservatives toward a new consensus on immigrants and America . These are the early steps in a march by Americans of all political stripes fed up with partisan attacks on immigrants and immigration -- a groundswell ready and willing to skewer political extremism from either side of the aisle . The conference in Alabama was a quest for spiritual guidance to forge a path forward on immigration reform . Contrast that with a meeting of another group of conservatives , about 1,500 miles to the west . Ahead of this week 's primaries in Arizona and Michigan , the four Republican candidates for president "  debated " immigration by choosing the same path : political expedience and division over practical , humane immigration solutions . In Mesa , Arizona , around the birthplace of that state 's own anti-immigrant law , SB1070 , the candidates were quick to endorse the family-separating tactics of Sheriff Joe Arpaio and call for the building of  double  walls at our borders . The candidates ' only hint of compassion was Rick Santorum 's suggestion that he would not require individual homeowners to verify the legal status of their domestic help . In other words , undocumented immigrants can care for our children , do our laundry and mow our lawns , but we will do nothing to keep their families together or provide a way for them to emerge from the shadows . Ignoring the economic and social value of immigrants and immigration to our nation , the GOP candidates ' strategy is to tap into the fear and unease of our constantly changing society . Rather than work toward a political consensus on immigrants and America , they would rather implement unjust immigration laws that separate families , cost tens of billions of dollars every year and undermine American workers by pushing immigrants further underground . The Republican candidates for president are stuck in reverse . Instead of treating immigration like other important conservative issues and actively seeking to change the law , they trumpet fantasies such as self-deportation and fail to lead America forward . Their race to the margins runs the risk of pushing conservative Americans away . They 're missing an opportunity , as the events in Ohio and Alabama make clear . Times are changing . Americans want reasonable , humane solutions for our nation 's immigration system . It is time the GOP offered them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Noorani .	Evangelical students , pastors , faith leaders gathered for conference on immigration Ali Noorani says discourse was reasonable and respectful Leaders saw responsibility to feed the hungry without regard to immigration status , he says Noorani : Americans want reasonable , humane solutions to immigration problems
CNN  -- The world 's population is expected to hit 7 billion around October 31 and one Chinese demographer says that number would have come a lot sooner had it not been for China 's "  one-child policy . " Zhai Zhenwu , a professor at Renmin University School of Sociology and Population , says but for China 's population policy , the world 's 7 billionth baby would have been born five years earlier . "  China 's population would now be around 1.7 billion had it not been for the family planning policy , " said Zhai . "  And the world 's population would have hit seven billion in 2006 . " China holds the largest population on earth with 1.34 billion people , but will not for long , as the fertility level has been declining for years . Since the Chinese government adopted its so-called "  family planning policy " three decades ago , China has limited couples to one child , with few exceptions . Those who broke the rule were slapped with heavy fines or were forced to abort pregnancies . Since 1979 , experts at the National Population and Family Planning Commission of China say , the policy has prevented more than 400 million births in the country . Why was the draconian policy necessary ? Proponents rationalized it as an emergency measure to curb the large number of births expected from the baby boomers of the 1960s . "  It was designed in 1979 to be a temporary one that required the ` sacrifice of two or three generations , ' as they put it then , " says Aprodicio Laquian , who served as the United Nations Fund for Population Activities  UNFPA  representative and senior adviser on population in China from 1984 to 1990 . "  It was meant to be implemented until the annual population growth rate reached replacement levels , or 1.5 children per woman of reproductive age . " The Canadian demographer says supporters of the policy now cite the double-digit economic growth rate since 1979 as the so-called "  demographic dividend . " Laquian explains : "  If population control had not been enforced , China would most likely be economically and socially worse off today . " The population policy might have also helped girls and women get ahead , as a survey by the All-China Women 's Federation and the National Bureau of Statistics found . But the policy has also brought about a list of unintended socio-economic consequences . China 's one-child policy has been blamed for abuses , including female infanticide and forced abortions and sterilizations . Chinese traditionally prefer boys over girls because they are seen as more able to provide for the family and carry on the family line . As a result , the practice of aborting female fetuses or abandoning infant girls still continues today in rural areas . This remains a sensitive topic in China , poignantly depicted in Mo Yan 's "  Frog , " a novel about a midwife in rural China and her experiences with forced abortions and sterilizations . Mo recently won China 's prestigious Mao Dun literary award -- a potential indication that China has become more open to talking about the issue . China is now facing a lopsided sex ratio in infants and young children . According to the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , for every 100 Chinese girls born , there are about 123 boys . The global norm is about 100 to 103-106 . At that rate , China is likely to have some 30 million unmarried men by 2020 . The unusually rapid decline in fertility has also produced a rapidly aging population . Two decades ago , demographers say , the share of China 's population aged 60 and above was only 7.6 % . That has risen to 10.5 % , according to China 's 2000 census , and has now reached around 12 % , or 167 million . By 2025 , demographers predict , one in five Chinese who live in urban areas will be 60 or older . By 2050 , there would be only 1.6 working-age adults for every person aged 60 and above . That means a heavy dependency ratio . In 10 years , the 20-24 age population is expected to comprise of only half of today 's 124 million . Experts say this could cripple the health care and social insurance system with fewer young people taking care of the aging population . If the government does not change its policies , experts say , China 's population could become old before it becomes rich . The high cost of the one-child policy is felt deeply by Beijing resident Xiao Xuan , an only-child daughter of a college professor and shopping mall manager . Xiao , 22 , says she was blessed with all the attention and resources showered at her from childhood . Still , she says , she had a mostly lonely childhood . "  I used to cut myself on my wrist after being yelled at by my mom and dad because I did n't know who I should talk to or turn to , " she says . "  I was like that for almost two years , but I am very tough so I made it through . " "  I hate to say it but the one-child policy should partly be blamed for some social issues of youth today , " she adds . "  It 's been a ridiculous government interference on family issues . " She wished she had a brother or a sister to share all the attention . "  I am the only one there , so all their energy goes to me , " she says . "  They care of no one else but me , and live vicariously through me , because they can count on no one else . Parents ' love could multiply if there are more kids in the family , but if you are the only one , you get only one piece of cake , not a whole bakery . " Canadian demographer Aprodicio Laquian says the Chinese authorities are aware of these unintended consequences of their population policies and are committed to dealing with the situation . "  It is anticipated that China 's strict population control program will most likely be relaxed as the objective situation changes , " he said . For Xiao Xuan 's parents , however , such a relaxation of policy may come too late . "  My parents have often expressed regret , " she says . "  They said they should have had another kid regardless of how much the -LSB- government -RSB- fined back then . "	If not for China 's one-child policy , world population would have hit 7 billion five years ago Fertility rates in China , the world 's most populous nation , are declining Supporters of the policy say it helped spur China 's double-digit economic growth Policy 's unintended consequences include female infanticide , lopsided sex ratio
New York  CNN  -- New York 's Commission on Public Integrity is charging Gov. David Paterson with an ethics violation for accepting free tickets to the first game of last year 's World Series , the commission said Wednesday . Paterson violated the state 's restriction on gifts for public officials in October when he sought free tickets to the game in Yankee Stadium between the New York Yankees and the Philadelphia Phillies , the commission said . The commission also said Paterson lied under oath about intending to pay for the tickets . The governor 's office said it was reviewing the commission 's findings . "  Governor Paterson maintains his innocence and intends to challenge the findings of the commission both with respect to the law and the facts , " the office said . "  The governor takes this matter very seriously and intends to fully cooperate with any further inquiries or investigations , but believes the commission has acted unfairly in this matter . " The governor could face an $ 80,000 fine for violating the state 's gift ban for public officials and up to $ 10,000 if he is found to have used his official position to secure unwarranted privileges . The commission has asked New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo and the Albany County district attorney to investigate whether Paterson or "  anyone else " committed a crime during the governor 's interview with the commission and by causing a check to be back-dated . Paterson , who announced last week that he would not run for election to a full term , has faced controversy since news reports charged that his aide was involved in a domestic violence incident with a woman and that state police later allegedly pressured her to keep quiet . The aide , David Johnson , has been suspended without pay . Paterson has asked Cuomo , a possible contender for the governor 's office , to investigate the matter . Johnson was among the four guests who attended the October 28 game with Paterson , the Commission on Public Integrity said . He also was involved in obtaining the tickets , which cost $ 425 a piece , from the Yankees , the commission said in its notice of reasonable cause . According to the commission , the governor testified that he decided he should attend Game One of the World Series and directed Johnson to get tickets from the Yankees . The governor told his aide that the request should include tickets for his son , Alex , and his son 's friend . Johnson then told the governor 's scheduler , Matthew Nelson , to contact the Yankees about five or six tickets . Johnson said Paterson would be attending in a "  ceremonial capacity . " Based on Johnson 's representation , the commission said , "  the Yankees did not expect payment for any tickets because the tickets were for official business . " They had requested a letter from the governor 's counsel confirming that , and the counsel had sent a letter saying so , the commission said . The Yankees said they require such confirmation or payment when public officials request tickets , the commission said . However , the commission said , the governor did not participate in opening ceremonies for the game and was not announced to the crowd . He also did not meet with first lady Michelle Obama and Vice President Joe Biden 's wife , Jill Biden , who attended the game , or members of the Yankees organization , the commission said . In testimony , the governor said he always intended to pay for the tickets for his son and his son 's friend . He said he had taken a check to the game for the tickets , filling out the date and the $ 850 but leaving the payee section blank . "  While he had no opportunity to pay while at the stadium , the governor testified that he gave the check to Johnson and asked him to send the check to the Yankees , " the commission said . However , the commission said that it had compared the handwriting on the check with that of the governor 's handwriting on other documents and that the governor did not write the check sent to the Yankees . "  The handwriting on the check that Johnson forwarded to the Yankees as payment for his ticket to Game One reveals that the same person who wrote and signed the governor 's check also wrote and signed Johnson 's check , " the commission said . The check Paterson said he wrote is dated October 27 , the day before Game One , the commission said , although the governor said he had written the check on the day of the game . In its notice of of reasonable cause , the commission also cited testimony from the governor 's communications director , Peter Kauffmann , whom a New York Post reporter had asked about payment for the tickets . Kauffmann said that he had discussed the game several times with Paterson and Johnson and that the governor indicated to him that Yankees President Randy Levine , a law school classmate of Paterson 's , had invited Paterson to the game , the commission said . "  During this conversation , the governor said nothing to Kauffmann about his intention to pay for the tickets for his son or his son 's friend , nor did the governor mention anything about having previously written a check for $ 850 and giving it to Johnson as payment to the Yankees , " the commission said . The reporter later told Kauffmann that the Yankees disputed Paterson 's account , saying Levine had never invited the governor to the game , the commission said . Kauffmann confronted the governor , who "  then conceded to Kauffmann that Levine had not explicitly invited him to Game One , " the commission said . The commission also said the governor and his son attended last year 's Opening Day at Yankee Stadium and at Citi Field , where the New York Mets play . "  The governor testified that he did not pay for his ticket or his son 's ticket " for either event , the commission said .	New York ethics panel says governor accepted free World Series tickets He lied under oath about intending to pay for tickets , commission says Governor maintains his innocence , his office says He could be hit with fines for violating ethics restrictions
CNN  -- Dead men tell no tales , but the sea does , as shown Friday when an anchor was recovered from the wreckage of pirate Blackbeard 's flagship . An expedition off the North Carolina coast hoisted the nearly 3,000-pound anchor , one of three belonging to the Queen Anne 's Revenge . Crews were working in just 20 feet of water , according to the North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources . The Queen Anne 's Revenge is believed to have run aground in the shallow waters off Beaufort in 1718 . The ship was discovered in 1996 , with piecemeal recovery of artifacts intensifying only a few years ago . Beachcomber stumbles upon historic shipwreck Staff from the department 's Underwater Archaeology Branch are focused on "  conducting a detailed assessment of the main mound to determine strategies for dis-assembly and recovery , " according to the Queen Anne 's Revenge website . Conservation of the anchor may take four years . The expedition is trying to score a trove of 18th-century goods , which will be used to educate the public and raise awareness of underwater preservation efforts . The site has already yielded more than 250,000 artifacts , including cannons , gold , platters , glass , beads , shackles and rope , according to the state . The largest exhibit of fully conserved artifacts from the shipwreck will open at the N.C. Maritime Museum in Beaufort on June 11 , the Department of Cultural Resources said in a statement . Captain Kidd was funded by London 's elite An article published in March on the Smithsonian website said the Queen Anne 's Revenge was found to have about 225,000 pieces of lead shot and at least 25 cannons , many of them still loaded . Romanticized in history books as a notorious ruffian , Blackbeard , born in Britain as Edward Teach , terrorized Atlantic seafarers from the shores of the American colonies to the Caribbean . In November 1718 , the captain , believed to be in his late 30s , died in combat against British naval forces . He was on board another vessel , Adventure .	Wreckage of Queen Anne 's Revenge lies off Beaufort , North Carolina It was flagship of the notorious pirate Blackbeard One of three anchors brought to surface
CNN  -- With a daring move in the last few laps , Tony Kanaan of Brazil passed American Ryan Hunter-Reay and won the 97th Indianapolis 500 under a yellow caution flag . It was the second of two caution flags precipitated by crashes in the final eight laps of the 200-lap , 500-mile race at Indianapolis Motor Speedway . "  I got a little bit of luck today , " Kanaan said in a post-race interview . The race featured a record 14 leaders and 68 lead changes , with Kanaan making the last one between the two caution flags . No driver is allowed to pass another car while the caution flag is posted , so at that point , to win , all Kanaan needed to do was finish without crashing . Despite the yellow flags , the average speed was 187.433 mph , setting another Indy 500 record . Kanaan was a sentimental favorite after several near-misses in his 11 previous Indy 500s . Throngs gathered around him as he drank the winner 's traditional bottle of milk and later kissed the Speedway 's bricks . Rookie Carlos Munoz of Colombia finished second , Hunter-Reay finished third and Marco Andretti placed fourth . Each of the top four finishers was driving a Chevrolet . Ed Carpenter -- the stepson of Tony George , the founder of the IndyCar racing series -- sat in the advantageous pole position at the front of the field at the start of the race . He finished 10th .	Brazilian Tony Kanaan wins Indy 500 in final laps There were a record 68 lead changes in the race Drivers also set records for number of leaders and average speed
CNN  -- When I saw the story , my jaw dropped . Has journalism deteriorated so badly that Barack Obama 's campaign aides are allowed to send quotes to reporters that "  come back redacted , stripped of colorful metaphors , colloquial language and anything even mildly provocative , " as The New York Times reported . It 's called "  quote approval , " and it 's quite a problem . It 's also , as the Times noted , not a practice limited to Team Obama . "  Quote approval is standard practice for the Obama campaign , used by many top strategists and almost all midlevel aides in Chicago and at the White House , " the story reported . "  It is also commonplace throughout Washington and on the campaign trail . " Some Mitt Romney staffers are afforded the same privilege , the Times said . Dan Rather : Quote approval a media sellout Ten years ago when I was White House press secretary , before Twitter and Facebook , in an era when reporters used to pick up their phones to conduct interviews as opposed to e-mailing , I would have been laughed out of the briefing room if I tried to get quote approval for something I said . Occasionally , I talked on background as a senior administration official , but no reporter would ever let me pick and choose which on-the-record quotes they could use nor would anyone let me edit or clean up a quote . My how things have changed -- and the change began , it 's important to note -- toward the end of the second term of George W. Bush . Peter Baker , another reporter at The New York Times who has covered the last three White Houses , told me in an  on-the-record  interview that quote approval evolved from something beneficial to a "  pernicious practice to be avoided . " Like Prohibition , it began with good intent . Reporters covering Bush 's second term , under pressure from editors not to use unnamed sources in their stories , started asking their sources if a background quote , attributed to a senior aide , could instead be turned into an on-the-record quote , with the aide 's name in print . I e-mailed last week with several former Bush staffers and many confirmed they engaged in that practice . For a very limited number of the most senior aides , that made sense . Let 's say a reporter is talking to a knowledgeable aide at the National Security Council who wo n't speak for attribution , because their job is not to talk to the press . Their boss wo n't like it if they do , or their phone will ring off the hook with 20 other reporters who want to turn the aide into a press secretary . But the aide will talk to an occasional reporter because their conversation , often about complicated policy matters , may inform the reporter and lead to a more accurate , more nuanced story . But since the reporter ca n't quote the official by name , and editors do n't want to use unnamed sources , what 's a reporter to do ? So reporters began pushing back , persuading staffers to let one sentence be quoted by name . The sentence was e-mailed to the aide , and when permission was granted to use it , quote approval among the most senior aides got started . Sunday 's Media monitor But pushback has now turned into quote approval for almost everyone , even when the story is n't nuanced or complicated , and that 's where the problem begins . Reporters are easily acquiescing today to midlevel aides who seek quote approval . These aides are n't talking to make certain a story is more nuanced or better informed . They 're doing it because they want more control of the story or to clean up a sloppy quote -- and because reporters let them . Baker called it an "  effort to get more transparency but it 's backfired . The town has found a convenient way to control the press , " he said , referring to people throughout Washington and on the campaign trail . As a former press secretary , I 'm all for trying to control the press , but quote approval goes too far . Ron Fournier , the editor-in-chief of the National Journal group , reportedly sent an e-mail to reporters who work for him declaring quote approval off limits . "  Our policy and common sense dictate that we do n't allow public officials to edit NJ coverage , " he wrote . The problem with quote approval is it 's too easy . It turns the relationship between a source and a reporter entirely over to the source . And the practice has spread too far and wide . Too many staffers will speak only if their quotes are approved and too many reporters are happy to oblige . The relationship between a source and the press will always resemble a tug-of-war . Since the early days of our republic , government officials and the media have clashed . It 's part of the ongoing , generally healthy dynamic in our noisy democracy . Over time , the ground shifts and one party gains the upper hand , only to lose it back . Of course , the media 's focus on the trivial -- see coverage of Romney 's trip to England -- makes sources fight even more for control , lest a sentence be misconstrued , exaggerated and hyperfocused . But so long as reporters allow their sources quote approval , this round has been won by the sources . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ari Fleischer .	Former White House press secretary says balance of power dominated by officials He says making reporters submit quotes in advance for approval goes too far Ari Fleischer says practice emerged out of ongoing tug-of-war inside the Beltway
CNN  -- Greek journalists walked off the job Thursday to protest tough government austerity measures . The reporters are specifically protesting reforms to the country 's social security system as called for in the austerity package the government has put together to pull Greece out of debt . Participating in the strike is the Athens News Agency , the national news outlet . During the strike -- which ends Friday morning -- television and radio stations will not broadcast programs , the news agency said . Friday morning papers will also go unprinted . The country has already experienced walkouts by workers ' unions in recent weeks . In May , a $ 110 billion  $ 145 billion  aid package for Greece was announced . Soon after , Greece 's Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou announced tough cost-cutting measures to meet European Union and International Monetary Fund conditions on the deal . The package includes a promise by Greece to cut its budget deficit to three percent of gross domestic product , as required by European Union rules , by 2014 , according to Papaconstantinou . The measures , he said , were needed for Greece to secure its financial lifeline . Greece had a choice between "  destruction " and saving the country , and "  we have chosen of course to save the country , " Papaconstantinou said .	Journalists in Greece are protesting against planned social security reforms No programs will be aired on TV and radio , newspapers wo n't be printed on Friday Greek government has proposed tough measures to pull the country out of debt
Iraqi troops , security forces and tanks surged into Baghdad on Sunday as political turmoil deepened over who should lead the country . Military tanks were deployed to several neighborhoods in central Baghdad , two Iraqi police officials told CNN . The officials said there are also significantly more troops in Baghdad 's Green Zone , the secure area where many government buildings , the military headquarters and the U.S. Embassy are located . The stepped-up troop presence comes as Iraqi forces battle Islamist militants in northern Iraq , and just after Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki accused Fuad Masum , Iraq 's newly elected President , of violating the country 's constitution by extending the deadline for Iraq 's biggest political coalitions to nominate a candidate for prime minister . The precise reason for the growing number of troops in the Iraqi capital was unclear . But CNN military analyst retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona described it as an "  ominous " development that signals the Iraqi Prime Minister does n't want to hand over power . "  You 've got Nuri al-Maliki refusing to step down . Now he 's mobilized not just security troops loyal to him , but now he 's mobilized army units to put tanks in the streets . Some of the bridges have been closed , " Francona said . "  It looks like he 's trying to lock down the city in some sort of confrontation with the President , so this does not portend well . " Retired Marine Gen. James Williams said the stepped up security could also be a response to advances by militants from ISIS , the Sunni Muslim extremist group that has now declared itself the Islamic State . "  It could be a show of force . If you 're talking about protecting government buildings , there may be a sense that ISIS forces may be closer than everybody thinks at this point , and so depending on what the undercurrent in Baghdad right now , that could be a great sign for concern , " Williams said . "  But it may also be a concern that there 's a coup afoot . " CNN 's Michael Holmes said al-Maliki could be digging in his heels for a political battle . "  It 's not in his DNA to go without a fight . This is a man who 's really feeling besieged at the moment . He 's cornered on all sides , if you like , " Holmes said . "  He 's got ISIS on his doorstep , in a military sense . He even had the Grand Ayatollah the other day saying politicians should not cling to their posts . But this is a guy who seizes onto power . He holds it . " In a televised speech Sunday , al-Maliki said he would file a complaint against Masum for allegedly violating Iraq 's constitution . Lawmakers elected Masum , a veteran Kurdish politician who 's been a member of the Iraqi parliament since 2005 , to the presidency last month . Choosing a prime minister is a key next step for Iraq 's leaders . Critics of al-Maliki have called for him to pull his name out of the running , but he 's repeatedly refused . Al-Maliki and his Shiite-dominated government have been under enormous international pressure to be more inclusive of the country 's minority Sunni population , who say they have been marginalized and cut out of the political process . Obama administration officials have talked repeatedly about how their priority is a political settlement that creates a more inclusive government in Iraq . A deadline to agree on a new prime minister had been set for last week and was extended on Sunday . In a statement Sunday , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said the United States is closely monitoring the situation and supports Iraq 's President . "  The United States fully supports President Fuad Masum in his role as guarantor of the Iraqi constitution , " she said . "  We reaffirm our support for a process to select a Prime Minister who can represent the aspirations of the Iraqi people by building a national consensus and governing in an inclusive manner . We reject any effort to achieve outcomes through coercion or manipulation of the constitutional or judicial process . " U.S. officials who put their faith in al-Maliki for years may have misjudged him , Francona said . "  Most people thought that there would be this peaceful transition to the new government . He served for two terms , " Francona said . "  Now he 's refusing to step down . ... This looks very bad , like he 's going to refuse to go . " Iraq 's PM defiantly says he 'll stay amid ISIS threat	State Department says it supports Iraq President Fuad Masum Military tanks are deployed to several Baghdad neighborhoods , officials say Police officials say more troops have entered Baghdad 's Green Zone It looks like Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is "  trying to lock down the city , " analyst says
CNN  -- What could be more memorable than lounging on your sun-drenched superyacht in the world 's most fashionable ports ? Quite a lot , says an increasing number of intrepid millionaires looking for the ultimate adventure . No longer satisfied simply to moor their lavish vessels in the Mediterranean or Caribbean , an emerging market of jet setters are seeking unique voyages of exploration . And it 's taking them to the ends of the Earth . "  You think a meal at a good restaurant in Monaco is memorable ? Or a day at a St. Barts beach in the Caribbean is memorable ? " asks captain Ben Lyons , speaking by satellite phone from a ship currently cruising Finland 's fjords . "  Watching a polar bear walk across the ice to your yacht . Or sailing past a three-mile-wide iceberg in Antarctica -- now those are once-in-a-lifetime experiences , " says the chief officer of Eyos Expeditions , a company offering luxury journeys to destinations that time forgot . Rather than whiling away the days in the "  see and be seen " playgrounds of the mega rich , these financial titans prefer to point their bows towards the most remote landscapes on the globe . The South Pole , New Zealand 's volcanic islands , and Australia 's river wilderness , to name just a few . And at up to $ 400,000 a week to charter one of Eyos ' opulent boats equipped to handle these extreme locations , you will need deep pockets for these journeys . Enriching escapes "  What we 're really seeing is a trend for a lot more experiential travel -- people that want to do more , see more , learn more , and come away with an enriching experience , " says Lyons . "  I think too many people are tired of having these incredible yachts and sitting in Monaco surrounded by all these other yachts . Why would you do that , when you can actually be out there exploring on your own ? " For the wealthy holiday-maker accustomed to the most exclusive surroundings money can buy , these difficult-to-reach destinations offer the ultimate in elite escapism . Often the affluent adventurers must take a private jet simply to reach far-flung locations . Once on board , they can take a personal submarine out for underwater exploration -- "  they 're essential toys on superyachts , " explains Lyons . Of course , that 's if they 're not wandering among hundreds of thousands of emperor penguins in Antarctica , or watching traditional fire dancing by indigenous Papua New Guinea tribes . "  The places we go to are overwhelming . They are magical . They are awe-inspiring , " says Lyons . "  For me , Antarctica is the most incredible spot on Earth . More than any other destination , it leaves people fundamentally changed . " For the crème de la crème of high society , these exotic journeys are also the ultimate dinner party conversation among guests who may have spent their summers moored in Monaco . Creature comforts Unlike 20th-century polar explorer Ernest Shackleton , who was forced to endure frostbite , today 's wealthy adventurers do n't have to compromise on comfort on their adventures . Those choosing not take their own superyacht on the journey of a lifetime , can charter one of Eyos ' luxury liners -- including a recently-converted , 71-meter Scottish Fishery patrol vessel . "  Enigma XK " has been fully kitted out with opulent extras , including a gym and sauna -- hardly the Shackleton idea of "  roughing it . " "  With this sort of yacht you can do in one trip , what would take five years to do on a commercial cruise ship , " explains Lyons . "  You have only 12 people on board -- not 200 other guests , so you can do exactly what you want and when . " If that means walking across an ice field at midnight under the moon , then so be it . Fancy jumping into an inflatable boat with humpback whales surfacing all around you ? "  You can do it in a matter of two or three minutes , " says Lyons . Educational experience When money is no option , neither is the extent expedition staff are willing to go to cater to your every whim . Personal archeology , photography , wildlife and culture experts can be enlisted to add insider knowledge to the journey . "  Other people can go to remote islands in the Pacific , " explains Lyons . "  But unless you can speak the language with the locals , unless you can really interpret what 's going on and interact with the community in a meaningful way , you really lose out on a lot of the experience . " For children , it 's a rare chance to experience Mother Nature 's breathtaking extremes outside the classroom . "  Imagine the excitement of a kid watching a polar bear walking up to the yacht , or learning about whales , or cruising through Antarctica , " says Lyons . No matter what your age , these journeys to distant lands capture the imagination in a way few other holidays can . Learn : Why size really matters in the yachting world Inspire : Ca n't afford a house ? Try this	Superyacht owners are looking for a more "  enriching " holiday experience Multimillion-dollar vessels sail to Antarctica , New Zealand , Papua New Guinea Tour companies offer private jets , submarines to mega rich seeking ultimate adventure Week on luxury 71-meter superyacht to South Pole costs whopping $ 400,000
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- The meter reader who led authorities last week to remains believed to be those of Caylee Anthony called police four months ago , directing them three times to same site , authorities said Thursday . Caylee Anthony , 2 , has been missing since June in a case that has received national attention . At a news conference , Capt. Angelo Nieves , an Orange County Sheriff 's Department commander , said investigators are looking into whether the tips , called in August 11 , 12 and 13 , were properly followed up . In one of those phone calls , the meter reader reported seeing a gray bag on the side of the road , Nieves said . On August 13 , a deputy responded to the site and did a "  cursory search " but found nothing , Nieves said . Casey Anthony , 22 , faces charges including first-degree murder in the June disappearance of her daughter , Caylee , who was 2 at the time . Remains described as being those of a small child were found last week a half-mile from Casey Anthony 's parents ' home , in the area where the meter reader first directed police . Nieves said police were getting more information from the tipster and the deputy who responded to the tips . He said the department was investigating the "  thoroughness " of the deputy 's response but would not identify the deputy . The meter reader "  is not a suspect , " Nieves said . "  He is a credible witness . " Nieves ' latest announcement is raising questions about whether police missed several chances to find remains believed to be Caylee 's . The meter reader is not the only one , or the first , to have pointed police toward the site containing the remains . KioMarie Cruz , Casey Anthony 's childhood friend , also told police to investigate the same wooded area near Hidden Oaks Elementary School a month before the meter reader , according to CNN affiliate WFTV . In an interview with detectives , according to WFTV , Cruz said that she and Anthony "  pretty much used to hang out there most of our time , " would "  snack on food for hours " and went there to "  get away from our parents . " The sheriff 's office followed up on that tip , but the wooded area was covered in floodwaters , preventing a search . Nieves said the water may have been present at the time of the meter reader 's tips as well . Nieves also said Thursday that searchers combing the site after the skull 's discovery had found "  significant skeletal remains " consistent with those of a small child on the outer perimeter of the search area . The area will be enlarged , and processing and searching of the site will continue , probably into the weekend , he said . Some of the remains have been sent to the FBI lab in Quantico , Virginia , in an effort to identify them . Authorities have said the remains are believed to be Caylee 's , but an identification is pending . Sheriff 's spokesman Carlos Padilla said last week that authorities believe the remains are Caylee 's for three reasons : No other children have been reported missing in the area ; the remains are consistent with those of a child of Caylee 's age ; and the remains were found near the home of the grandparents , where the 2-year-old and her mother were living just before Caylee disappeared . FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said Monday that he did not know when tests would be complete , but an attorney for Anthony 's parents said the FBI is likely to have results "  within the next week . " Casey Anthony could face a sentence of life in prison if convicted . Prosecutors said this month that they would not seek the death penalty .	Officials say worker who found child 's remains called in three tips in August Authorities looking into whether earlier tips were mishandled Casey Anthony 's friend told police to check the area five months ago , WFTV reports Sheriff 's Department says new skeletal remains found in search area
CNN  As long as 7,000 years ago , the Chinchorro people who lived along the desert coast of what is now Chile and Peru were mummifying the bodies of those who died . But , after millennia in which the mummies have remained well preserved , those ancient remains are now in danger of rapid decomposition , Harvard scientists have warned . The culprit ? According to the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences , in a news report published Monday , rising humidity that helps microbes flourish on the mummies ' skin is to blame . As a result , scientists at the University of Tarapaca 's archeological museum in Arica , northern Chile , have already seen some of its 120 prized examples of Chinchorro mummies start turning into a "  black ooze , " it said . Egypt dig unearths 3,600-year-old mummy The role of rising humidity was confirmed through testing on skin samples by Harvard professor Ralph Mitchell and researcher Alice DeAraujo , according to the news release . Their findings will help conservationists in Arica -- an arid area where humidity levels have been increasing in recent years -- safeguard their precious relics . Egypt 's mummies get CT scans But Mitchell said he was concerned about potentially hundreds more mummies buried just below the sandy surface in the valleys of northern Chile . "  You have these bodies out there and you 're asking the question : How do I stop them from decomposing ? It 's almost a forensic problem , " he is quoted as saying . A "  complicated process " was used to prepare the mummies , said Marcela Sepulveda , professor of archaeology at the University of Tarapaca , cited in the news release . It involved removing the brain and organs , replacing them with natural fiber and ash , stitching the body back up with reeds and covering the skin with a paste of manganese , ocher or brown mud , depending on the period . The Chinchorro people mummified human remains for more than 3,000 years . The oldest of the mummies date back some 2,000 years before the ancient Egyptians mummified their pharaohs . Scan reveals 1,000-year-old mummified monk hidden in statue	Scientists find that higher humidity levels cause microbes to flourish on the mummies ' skin Some specimens at a Chile museum have started to decompose into a "  black ooze "
OPRAH.com  -- I know you 've got the major risks in your financial life well taken care of : Your 401  k  is properly diversified to help you weather market volatility , and your reserve cash fund is on call to cover life 's inevitable emergencies . Good work ! But I 'm worried about your financial blind spots -- those pesky threats to your security that lurk behind seemingly sound decisions . Here are a few common traps , and advice to ensure that you wo n't get taken by surprise : Perils of plastic Good news : You 've sworn off credit cards . Goodbye insane interest rates and fees ! You 're sticking with your debit card from now on . Hidden risk : Debit card transactions are n't reported to the credit bureaus , so if you do n't use a credit card , you 'll have less of a payment history -- which hurts your FICO credit score . How to stay on top : I love , love , love that you want to use your debit card . But to keep your credit score solid , you still need to keep a few credit cards and use them at least once every few months . Even if you think you 'll never need to borrow again , your FICO credit score has a big impact . It can affect your auto insurance premium and whether a landlord will rent to you , and many employers even check it when vetting a job application . Cards issued by credit unions typically charge lower rates  generally limited to a max of 18 percent  and fewer fees . Check out CreditCardConnection.org to find the best options . Oprah.com : How to deal with credit card debt The bond issues Good news : You 're sleeping better than ever since you moved all your retirement money out of stocks and into bonds . Hidden risk : You 're approaching two land mines here . First up is inflation . Make it to age 65 and there 's a good chance you 'll live another 20 years or longer .  More on this in the next item . Over a 20-year period , a 4 percent average inflation rate  the historical norm since the '50s  will reduce the purchasing power of today 's dollar to about 50 cents . That will make it very hard to maintain your standard of living in retirement . Bonds are n't an ideal inflation hedge , since their historical returns are typically not much better than the inflation rate . Making matters worse , because of the financial crisis and the Federal Reserve 's efforts to keep the economy growing , bond yields are at unprecedented lows . This is not a permanent situation . Soon -- maybe this year or next -- interest rates , and thus bond yields , will start to rise . When rates rise , the market price of bonds falls . That hurts your portfolio . How to stay on top : Every portfolio benefits from bonds ; they provide a cushion when the stock market hits a rough patch . But avoiding stocks completely could mean your investment wo n't grow any faster than the rate of inflation . As a general rule , your age is a good guideline for the percentage of bonds you want -- if you 're 55 , put 55 percent in bonds and 45 percent in stocks . If you 're worried about putting money in stocks right now , stick with mutual funds or exchange-traded funds  ETFs  that focus on dividend-paying stocks . The dividend payout is a steady stream of income , much like a bond , and right now the yield on some dividend portfolios is actually higher than the yield on a five-year Treasury bond . While dividend stocks have their own risk , if you have time on your side -- at least ten years -- you can pocket that nice dividend income today , ride out the volatility , and , over the long term , potentially earn inflation-beating gains . Oprah.com : How to go green on the stock market Live long -- and prosper ? How to enjoy a long , comfortable retirement Good news : You 're likely to reach a much older age than women of previous generations . Today a woman of 65 will probably live 20 more years -- 60 percent longer than her life expectancy in 1900 . Hidden risk : That means more years that your 401  k  and IRA need to support you . How to stay on top : To enjoy a long , comfortable retirement , save more today . If you 're 50 or older , take advantage of the catch-up provisions : Instead of an annual 401  k  max of $ 16,500 in 2010 , you 're entitled to invest $ 22,000 , and your IRA limit rises from the standard $ 5,000 to $ 6,000 . You may also want to retire later . Working until 67 or 70 gives those funds more time to grow -- which gives you more security . You do n't have to keep the high-powered career you have now ; a less demanding job will still bring in valuable income . Retirement loans : on borrowed dimes Good news : You 're in a pinch , but your company allows you to borrow from your 401  k  . Hidden risk : Make that plural -- there are three problems with taking your company up on that loan . First , if you leave your job , voluntarily or not , you 'll typically have only a few months to pay back what you 've borrowed . If you ca n't , the loan converts to a withdrawal on which you 'll owe income tax , and if you 're under 55 you 'll also be hit with a 10 percent early withdrawal penalty . Second , when you pull money out of any investment , it 's no longer working for your future . Anyone who took a loan from their 401  k  in early 2009 missed out when the S&P 500 stock index shot up more than 60 percent from March to December . That was a costly time to be out of the market . Third , your loan money will end up being taxed twice -- when you repay the loan it will be with after-tax dollars , and then in retirement , when you begin using your 401  k  for living expenses , you 'll be responsible for the tax due on those withdrawals . How to stay on top : Make a 401  k  loan an absolute last resort . A well-maintained emergency savings fund is a far better insurance policy against unforeseen expenses . As you know , I advise saving up eight months of living expenses -- especially now , when most unemployed people need at least six months to find a new job . Kids need the darndest things Good news : You 're expecting , or you have young kids . Hidden risk : You may not be providing enough security for your family if something happens to you . How to stay on top : You ca n't control fate , but you absolutely , positively can make sure that your children will be financially secure , no matter what . A term life insurance policy that 's at least 15 times your annual income will give your kids ' guardian plenty of money to raise them according to your wishes . I know that sounds like a lot , but these policies are remarkably inexpensive . Oprah.com : Discover the pleasures of pinching pennies Shaky foundations Good news : The steep decline in home prices means you can afford to buy your first home . Hidden risk : It 's easy to underestimate the real cost of home ownership . How to stay on top : Property tax , insurance , and maintenance can add 30 percent to your base mortgage . To see how that extra expense will affect you , plug in your price range for a home at BankRate.com to determine your monthly mortgage payment , and then add 30 percent to that figure . If the total is more than your current rent , spend six months "  playing house " -- each month , deposit the difference between your rent and your probable mortgage payment into a separate savings account . If you ca n't afford this exercise , you ca n't afford to buy a home at that price just yet . And do n't forget : Before buying a home , you must have an emergency fund that can cover your expenses for eight months . If anything happens to your job or a big expense pops up , you 'll need to have the cash to pay the mortgage . Finally , do n't buy if there 's any chance you 'll move within five to seven years . If you sell a newly purchased house , you risk making too little on the sale to cover the typical 6 percent agent 's fee and your moving costs . I know the housing market 's rock-bottom prices are tempting , but it 's better to be safe than sorry . By Suze Orman from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2010 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Money expert Suze Orman points out hidden costs to money moves How not using a credit card could hurt your FICO score You may not have enough financial protection for your children 's future Playing too safe with your investments could come back to pinch you later
PEOPLE.com  -- It 's no secret that Kim Kardashian 's personal life has recently taken a bumpy turn , but the reality star is still a big fan of marriage . Asked whether she still considered marriage an attractive choice , Kardashian , who recently announced she 's divorcing Kris Humphries , said , "  Absolutely . I believe in love , always . " Looking fresh in Las Vegas at the opening of The Mirage Resort and Casino 's Kardashian Khaos lifestyle boutique , Kardashian , 31 , said she learned a lot of lessons in the past year and plans on being "  a new me " in 2012 . One thing that she wo n't be having anytime soon : a copilot . Asked whether she will find love again , she simply replied , "  I 'm not looking . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kim Kardashian said , "  Absolutely . I believe in love , always " Kardashian , 31 , said she learned a lot of lessons in the past year Whether she will find love again , she simply replied , "  I 'm not looking "
CNN  -- Managing Ebola demands as much of our diligence in infection control practice as SARS did . And though Ebola may , in theory , be less contagious than the airborne SARS or Middle East respiratory syndrome viruses , it is spread through direct contact with infected body fluids or organs and has been demonstrably and tragically more fatal . The SARS experience in Canada , though harrowing at the time , has helped us better prepare . In 2003 , 224 people in Toronto were diagnosed with SARS , and 38 people died . SARS , which stands for severe acute respiratory syndrome , had originated in China and became a worldwide epidemic . No longer are highly infectious diseases a world away . We have become more sensitive about just how global any infectious disease can be , and that it 's easy enough to "  import " a disease . SARS also reminded us that many infections may be spread and acquired by patients , visitors and staff in health care settings . After SARS , that sensitivity translated into planning and implementation for the eventuality that a patient with another infectious disease may present at our door . We are ready with protocols in place , in particular for adequate screening with the travel history of new patients , providing health care providers with personal protective equipment and ongoing training in its appropriate use , and ensuring rigorous environmental cleaning practices for all patient care areas . We regularly engage our health care providers on the critical importance of knowing how to appropriately put on and remove personal protective equipment . We have the advantage of learning from experiences in West Africa . Many of the centers that have been set up for dealing with Ebola patients there now use a buddy system to help ensure that everyone puts on and takes off personal protective equipment in the safest way possible , and we are going to be implementing that policy here . The SARS experience also increased our emphasis on proper hand hygiene . One can not just rely on the barriers like personal protective equipment . We need to also rely on the important and fundamental practice of cleaning one 's hands . Proper hand hygiene includes washing with soap and water , or use of an alcohol-based hand wash rub , before and after each patient contact . We and other facilities across the country conduct regular audits for hand hygiene compliance . Planning and implementation require resources and expertise , and there is no question that after SARS , nationally and federally , our government acknowledged and addressed the need to strengthen our public health services . Hospitals were given additional resources to ensure they had appropriate infection prevention and control infrastructure , including adequate isolation facilities across the country . Hospital accreditation standards and guidelines were also substantially bolstered to ensure adequate attention to infection prevention and control . More policies were developed to address these kinds of wide-impact infectious diseases scenarios . SARS also taught us the importance of communication , consistent messages , and accountability for dealing with these types of wide-impact events , and of making everyone aware -- both internally to patients and staff , and externally to the community served by the hospital -- of the situation and what measures were being implemented . Today , our lines of communication are much more open . We began a planning process months ago in collaboration with public health agencies for the eventuality that an Ebola patient may present at our hospital . It is not an eventuality we look forward to , but given the lessons we have learned , we are better informed and prepared .	SARS killed 38 people in Toronto ; Dr. Andrew Simor says there were lessons learned He says staff learned to screen patients and to suit up with protective equipment The rules of good hand hygiene also become vital in dealing with disease , he says
CNN  -- Nickelodeon star Ariana Grande has proven she knows "  The Way " to No. 1 . The 20-year-old actress and singer , already famous for Nick 's "  Victorious " and now "  Sam & Cat , " has spread her wings beyond kids TV into the music industry . Her debut album , "  Yours Truly , " arrived on September 3 and went straight to the top of the Billboard 200 chart . That not only solidifies Grande as a pop star to watch , but it also puts her in pretty rarefied company : According to Billboard , she 's one of only 15 solo female artists whose debut albums have opened at No. 1 . Interestingly enough , that does n't include one of Grande 's idols , Mariah Carey , whose influence is evident on some of "  Yours Truly . " Although Grande was n't born until 1993 , the record "  honors '90s - style R&B , " and stands out as "  one of the most purely enjoyable albums of the year , powered by her lithe , Broadway-honed voice , " Entertainment Weekly says in its review . Her taste for throwback sounds goes hand-in-hand with a more retro approach to crossing the treacherous boundary between kid entertainer and adult star : Rather than trying to change her image through provocative sexual posturing , Grande seems to be relying solely on her voice . "  I think everybody does what feels natural to them and that 's a great thing , " Grande told CNN . "  If you 're doing things that make you feel happy and doing things that you 're confident in , that 's great . But for me , I just feel like I 've always been the same way . And I do n't feel like any need to shock people . I just want to sing . " There are inevitable comparisons with another all-grown-up-now child star , Miley Cyrus , who is close in age . But Grande has said that she passes no judgment on her twerking colleague , and believes that everyone else should follow suit . When it comes to Cyrus ' controversial MTV VMAs performance this year , "  she looked like she was having the time of her life . ... There 's nothing wrong with having fun , " Grande told Rolling Stone . "  I think all the people who are saying mean things about it and who are judging , need to spend less time judging other people and more time worrying about how to have as much fun as she 's having in life right now . " Besides , Grande noted -- she and Cyrus are doing different things . "  I do n't feel much pressure to fit in . I never have , " she said . "  I 've always just wanted to do my thing . I have really good friends and good family and if I do n't fit in somewhere else , I fit in at home . I feel like when I try to fit in , it comes across as not genuine , and that is not good . " For the time being , though , Grande is easing up on showcasing her vocals after suffering a hemorrhaged vocal chord . "  First day off in forever ... Vocal rest and watching movies in with my best friend , " Grande tweeted Wednesday night . "  For those of u asking about my voice I screamed too much at my party totally irresponsible but it 's better now , thanks for the well wishes ... I 'll be better in no time . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey and Nischelle Turner contributed to this story	Ariana Grande 's "  Yours Truly " has debuted at No. 1 She 's one of 15 solo female artists to accomplish that The singer has spoken out about embracing her individuality She 's currently recuperating and resting her voice
Sen. Edward Kennedy announced in 2008 that he had a brain tumor in his left parietal lobe . Sen. Edward Kennedy announced in May 2008 that he was suffering from a brain tumor , a malignant glioma , in his left parietal lobe . He had surgery at Duke University in June 2008 . Is surgery the usual course of treatment to take ? Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent : Yes , surgery to remove the tumor is common , provided surgeons are able to remove a large part of the tumor and as long as they can avoid causing unacceptable neurologic injury . The goal with surgery to remove a brain tumor is to get as much of the tumor as possible without damaging the key areas of the brain that control speech and motor skills . This was something Kennedy 's doctors would have determined prior to surgery by taking MRIs to see how close his tumor is to these key areas . Many people will choose not to operate in fear of losing ability to speak , walk , etc. . If the tumor is causing pressure on his brain , they could be doing surgery to remove the tumor . This will reduce some of the side effects he may be experiencing , such as headache , nausea , vomiting or blurred vision . The senator was awake during his surgery . Oftentimes it is that feedback that the patient himself gives that is so crucial : "  squeeze your right hand , Senator ; move your right arm , " that sort of thing . "  Can you say the following word ... " That sort of stuff is very crucial . How common is brain cancer ? Gupta : 1.3 percent of all cancers are brain cancers . Twenty thousand cases will be diagnosed in 2008 , according to the American Cancer Society and the National Cancer Institute . Fourteen percent will occur in the parietal lobe , which is where Kennedy 's tumor is located . The majority of cases occur in patients over the age of 55 . How common is it to follow surgery with chemotherapy and radiation ? Gupta : Neurosurgeons agree that malignant gliomas are very resilient to treatment . Sometimes , surgery alone is not enough to cure the cancer , because cells from the tumor get too far into the normal surrounding brain tissue . In this instance , surgery combined with radiation therapy and or chemotherapy is often used . There is very well-established evidence that radiation therapy doubles survival in patients with glioblastoma . If he starts radiation following the surgery , it would typically be five days a week for 30 days .	Bottom Line : In cases such as Kennedy 's , surgery combined with radiation therapy or chemotherapy or both is often used .
Washington  CNN  -- Whether it 's an Army helmet with a thicker shell and better padding , or underwear that can protect a Marine private 's privates , the U.S. military is looking at sending the latest gear to Afghanistan so the troops can come home safe and sound . Next month , the Army is going to start sending the "  ballistic boxers " to soldiers in Afghanistan , and the Marines intend for each of their troops there to have four pairs of the "  protective undergarments , " as they are formally known , before the end of the year . The heavy silk boxers , which look like shorts that professional cyclists wear , wo n't stop a bullet or shrapnel from an IED . But the silk can stop small projectiles like those kicked up by an explosion . "  It is expected to prevent fine sands and particles that are thrown up by explosives , so that the tissue wounds are cleaner , less ragged and easier to treat , " said Lt. Jamie Larson , a Marines Corps spokesperson . And since the silk is treated with antimicrobial agents , the boxers help protect injured troops from wound infections . While it may not sound like it affords much protection , silk is actually a very strong fiber , said Brig. Gen. Peter Fuller , who heads the Army office that tests and develops new protective gear . He noted that silk was used by medieval knights "  under the mail armor " to protect against wounds from swords and other weapons . The Marines have n't actually started buying the boxers yet , but the Army has chosen boxers from a company in Northern Ireland called Cooneen Watts & Stone that is already making them for the British military in Afghanistan . Silk boxers are n't the only step the military is taking to protect the groin . They are testing various cups that a male soldier will wear over his genitals . One of the cups being considered is made of stainless steel ; another is made from high-molecular-weight polyethylene , a plastic that is lighter than Kevlar but better at stopping bullets . "  They all basically work to slow down the fragments . We are looking to prevent penetration of the genitals , " said Col. Bill Cole , an Army officer overseeing projects aimed at better protecting soldiers . In addition , the Army and Marines are looking at undershorts that will have pockets that will hold Kevlar pads to protect the wearer 's femoral artery , the main blood vessel to the legs . While Kevlar may be the answer to protecting arteries and groins , Kevlar helmets may soon be history . Kevlar is a fabric that can , when arranged in multiple layers , stop most bullets . The Army and Marines are working on upgrading their head protection to the Enhanced Combat Helmet  ECH  . The outer shell is made from the same high-molecular-weight polyethylene plastic being investigated for groin protection . The thicker protective shell would make the helmet lighter than the current Kevlar model . The Army hopes to start giving those to soldiers in Afghanistan by November . Army officials recently met with counterparts from the National Football League and NASCAR to study ways to design helmets that provide better protection from blunt force contact . They came away with an understanding that U.S. military helmets are already very good . "  Football helmets and football pads are good for football ; combat helmets and combat pads are good for combat . And so we 're not saying anything about deficiencies in the NFL system , " William Moss , a physicist who studied the helmets , said Tuesday at a briefing in the Pentagon . But a study by Moss at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California found the military helmets could be better , especially the foam padding inside the helmet . "  We decided to change the thickness of the foams and look at the results , " Moss said . Currently , Kevlar helmets come with 3/4-inch foam pads inside . In recent months , the U.S. Army has provided some soldiers with 1-inch pads to make the helmet fit better . By adding a quarter-inch of padding , or even an eighth of an inch , "  there is a very big effect " -- a 24 % reduction in force to the skull , to be exact , Moss said . But that discovery spawned other concerns . The Army does n't have any pads that add even one-eighth-inch of padding to the current helmet , according to Brig. Gen. Peter Fuller . Adding even that much padding may force soldiers to move up to a larger-size helmet . Right now about half of all soldiers wear large helmets . An extra-large weighs a half-pound more , and according to Cole , when Army soldiers were asked about wearing a heavier helmet they said they do n't want it "  if it 's even an ounce heavier . " Another project in development to help protect soldiers ' heads is a sensor that keeps track of sudden shocks to the helmet . The wireless sensor is about the size of a silver dollar that fits inside the helmet , under the pads , and works similar to a flight data recorder in a passenger jet . The Army plans to use the data from the sensors to help better understand what happens to a human brain exposed to sudden blunt force . One day , doctors in a combat hospital may be able to take the sensor for a soldier who is being treated for IED injuries and download the data on the sensor and better understand what exactly the soldier was exposed to and how strong the explosion was . But that , like much of the other technology being tested and developed , will not be helping the troops in danger today in Afghanistan . And the Army ca n't say when , if ever , some of this gear might make it to the battlefield .	So-called ballistic boxers to be shipped to soldiers and Marines in Afghanistan Heavy silk shorts provide better protection from debris kicked up by explosions Head protection also goes hi-tech to provide lighter helmets for ground troops Physicist 's study finds significant boost in head protection with thicker padding
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Their faces and darker skins make them look different . They are routinely called "  slave " by the majority , whatever their profession . But Iraq 's black population hopes that Barack Obama 's rise to the White House will mark a turning point for minorities not just in the United States , but also in their country . Jalal Thiyab Thijeel quotes Barack Obama , saying it is time for "  change . " Jalal Thiyab Thijeel , general secretary of the "  Movement of Free Iraqis , " followed every detail of Obama 's election campaign . "  Inspiring , " he calls it . Inspiring politically , and personally . Like Obama , Thijeel has family roots in Africa . "  We told our people , Inshalla , God willing , Obama is going to win , and if he wins , it will be a victory for all black people in the world , " he recalls . "  We 're going to make him a model to follow . Even our old women were praying for him to win . " When news broke that Obama had won the election , it was early in the morning of November 5 in Basra -- but Thijeel excitedly called a fellow member of his political party . It was a moment , he tells me as we talk on a street in Baghdad , that he 'll never forget . "  Now we , the dark-skinned people , feel even closer to the American people because Obama is one of us . " Thijeel 's organization estimates there are approximately 2 million black Iraqis . The country 's total population is more than 28 million , most of them ethnic Arabs . It 's impossible to verify Thijeel 's estimate , since the government does not keep statistics on race , but there is no denying there are many black Iraqis in the southern city of Basra . Their history goes back 1,000 years to the time when Africans were brought as slaves to the south of Iraq to drain marshes and build Basra . Many Iraqis still call blacks "  abed , " an Arabic word that means "  slave . " Thijeel grimaces when he pronounces it . It 's demeaning , he says , and he wants the government to forbid its use . Many white Iraqis claim the word is n't meant to offend , but Thijeel says they have no idea how hurtful it is . "  I never want my son to go through this , " he says . Watch what Obama means to some Iraqis " He also wants his son -- and his daughters -- to have access to good jobs , something that is not the case now , he says . In Basra , many black Iraqis have menial jobs . Although no one can point to any official discrimination , there are no black members of the Iraqi parliament . The Movement of Free Iraqis was founded two years ago and on January 31 it will run the first slate of black candidates in Iraq 's modern history . Thijeel hands me the party 's documents that spell out its demands . Foremost is that the government recognize blacks as an official minority in Iraq . This is key , because power in Iraq is apportioned along ethnic , religious and even tribal lines . The party also wants an apology for slavery , although it is not asking for financial reparations . The movement also wants laws to combat racial discrimination . The party has found some nonblack political allies . Awad Al-Abdan of the National Dialogue Front says , "  There 's been social oppression for a long time . We have a tribal-based society and , according to traditions and customs , the black man is considered to have lower status . " Some white Iraqis say that founding a political party on racial lines is divisive , especially when Iraqis of different communities need to pull together . But Thijeel , quoting Barack Obama , says it 's time for change . Although he 's speaking in Arabic , he uses the English word "  change . " "  There 's a change in international politics , " he tells me . "  Obama won , and not that long ago , in his country , black people were marginalized , so this event has shattered all barriers . "	Iraqis of African descent are marginalized by society , called "  slave " Obama 's victory makes black Iraqis feel closer to U.S. , one says Slate of black candidates will stand for election for first time in modern Iraq
CNN  Job one for newly appointed Attorney General Loretta Lynch is to create a muscular federal response to months of national unrest over controversial police killings like that of Freddie Gray , 25 . Gray 's death last week -- from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody -- has touched off days of protests and rioting in Baltimore . Lynch 's job wo n't be easy : As the nation 's top law enforcement officer , she takes the reins of a Justice Department that has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better community relations , and threatening legal action against departments where discrimination or brutality are out of control . But as events in Baltimore demonstrate , too many local departments are n't getting the message . Lynch will need to put down the carrots , pick up the stick and make clear that the Justice Department intends to crack down on police abuse by using one of its most potent weapons : the power to withhold federal funds from local departments . More about that in a moment . The first order of business will be to re-establish order in Baltimore , where the National Guard has been mobilized and a state of emergency declared . "  In the days ahead , I intend to work with leaders throughout Baltimore to ensure that we can protect the security and civil rights of all residents , " Lynch said within hours of being sworn in on Monday . "  And I will bring the full resources of the Department of Justice to bear in protecting those under threat , investigating wrongdoing and securing an end to violence . " A key part of that vow -- "  investigating wrongdoing " -- must include a close look at the Baltimore Police Department , which has been the subject of bitter complaints of brutality . According to a major investigation by The Baltimore Sun published last fall , the city has paid out $ 5.7 million in court judgments or settlements to more than 100 people since 2011 in connection with allegations of brutality and/or violations of civil rights . "  Officers have battered dozens of residents who suffered broken bones -- jaws , noses , arms , legs , ankles -- head trauma , organ failure , and even death , coming during questionable arrests . Some residents were beaten while handcuffed ; others were thrown to the pavement , " the Sun expose says . "  And in almost every case , prosecutors or judges dismissed the charges against the victims -- if charges were filed at all . " That kind of behavior helped set the stage for the riots and looting we now see . Lynch has already launched a probe of the death of Freddie Gray , and the Justice Department is also investigating the recent videotaped police killing of Walter Scott in North Charleston , South Carolina , where an officer has been arrested and charged with murder . As attorney general , Lynch has several tools with which to guide local law enforcement toward better behavior . A Justice Department program called Community Oriented Policing Services , launched in 2011 , helps local departments implement best practices . The COPS program 's effectiveness will surely come under question , since Baltimore was one of the eight departments participating in the voluntary program . Lynch can also apply the tougher approach of suing local departments and securing court-ordered reforms , a power conferred by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 . The provision was a result of the 1991 videotaped police beating of Rodney King by Los Angeles cops and the riot that ensued when the officers were acquitted . The Obama administration has sued local departments 15 times -- more than either the Clinton or Bush administrations -- and has opened 11 more investigations of departments including those in Cleveland , Miami , and Ferguson , Missouri . But even those tough remedies may not be working , according to the Marshall Project , a nonprofit news organization that focuses on criminal justice issues . "  Even where local leaders have embraced Washington 's prescriptions , Justice Department officials have increasingly found themselves returning to grapple a second time with problems they thought they had fixed , " writes reporter Simone Weichselbaum , noting that "  recurring problems have emerged in police departments in Miami , New Orleans and New Jersey , all of which had promised to carry out major changes in response to Justice Department investigations that turned up evidence of discriminatory policing . " That leaves Lynch with a final , even tougher weapon : the power , under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , to deny federal law enforcement dollars to departments that engage in discriminatory practices . Lynch 's predecessor as attorney general , Eric Holder , generally refrained from yanking funds , although in 2013 he did deny drug forfeiture money to the sheriff 's office in Alamance County , North Carolina , claiming the department was unlawfully targeting Latinos for traffic stops . The sheriff of Alamance County sued the Justice Department and the case remains unresolved -- but it underscores the fact that Lynch has the power to press local departments , legally and financially , to curb local abuses . She should invoke the power where necessary and calm cities like Baltimore as the nation heads into what could be a long , hot summer of unrest .	Errol Louis : New AG Loretta Lynch will try to get cops to improve community relations , end abusive practices He says Baltimore case shows too many local departments not getting message Lynch will have to apply range of tough measures to fix this , Louis says
CNN  -- This year 's race for best actor at the Academy Awards was supposed to have been the most wide open in decades , with candidates ranging from two-time winner Tom Hanks for "  Captain Phillips " to newcomer Oscar Isaac for "  Inside Llewyn Davis . " The 77-year-old veteran Bruce Dern gave a signature performance as an addled senior citizen in "  Nebraska , " while Leonardo DiCaprio delivered a flamboyant tour de force in "  The Wolf of Wall Street . " And it was a banner year for black actors , with the Oscar-worthy performances of Forest Whitaker in "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler , " Michael B. Jordan in "  Fruitvale Station " and Chiwetel Ejiofor in "  12 Years a Slave . " Now , with voting completed and less than a couple days away from Oscar night , the pundits , prognosticators and tea-leaf readers agree that the winner will be ... none of the above . Hanks , Isaac , Whitaker and Jordan were n't even nominated . But Matthew McConaughey was . And as the AIDS patient who smuggles unapproved but effective medication to help others with the disease in "  Dallas Buyers Club , " McConaughey raised his ever-expanding professional profile as a versatile leading man while showing he could physically commit to his work . He shed almost 50 pounds and , going further , secluded himself from social interaction to achieve the gaunt pallor of a dying man . That level of investment , combined with an intense performance , combined to make McConaughey such a prohibitive favorite for the best actor prize that , even with such sterling competition as Dern , DiCaprio , Ejiofor and Christian Bale , who gained weight and wore a comb-over wig as a con artist in "  American Hustle , " it would be a stunner if he loses . If ... OK , fine , when McConaughey steps to the winner 's circle Sunday night after his name is announced , it will represent the latest manifestation of the Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences ' historic tendency to honor actors who make heads swivel by changing their image , professional or physical ; the more dramatic and conspicuous the transformation , the better the chances that actor , or actress , will be rewarded . For instance , 10 years ago , onetime model Charlize Theron , who at the time had gained traction in her bid for serious consideration as an actress , made herself the all-but-inevitable best actress Oscar winner in "  Monster " by becoming unrecognizably fat and grotesque as serial killer Aileen Wuornos . Besides shaving her eyebrows and wearing prosthetic teeth , Theron had swollen her sylphlike frame by 30 pounds through heavy intakes of Stuff That Is Bad For You , mostly doughnuts and potato chips . This helped make her the -- sorry about this -- heavy favorite in a field that included then-newcomer Keisha Castle-Hughes for "  Whale Rider , " Diane Keaton for "  Something 's Got ta Give , " Naomi Watts for "  21 Grams " and Samantha Morton for "  In America . " Bear in mind , of course , that Theron , before and since , showed keen acting chops even when assuming her regular , blade-like countenance . Does n't matter . Pretty people rarely get Oscars looking like themselves . Cary Grant , who some believe to have been the best actor of the early sound era and beyond , only got an Oscar years after his retirement . His still-indelible turns in "  His Girl Friday "  1940  "  Notorious "  1946  and "  Charade "  1963  went unacknowledged . He never let you see him act . He just did . Maybe that was the problem . Meanwhile , the template for physical-self-abasing-to-success was established back in 1980 when Robert De Niro portrayed boxer Jake La Motta . In "  Raging Bull , " he played both the taut middleweight champ in his prime and the bloated nightclub entertainer he became . De Niro packed on 60 pounds in one of the more jarring nonmechanical special effects in movie history . Maybe he would have still won the Oscar without going to such extremes . But De Niro 's efforts put him far ahead in a strong field that included career-enhancing performances by Robert Duvall in "  The Great Santini " and Peter O'Toole in "  The Stunt Man . " Meryl Streep transformed herself into Margaret Thatcher and won the 2012 best actress Oscar for "  Iron Lady . " She thanked her makeup artists . Another example of an actor tamping down glamor for gold came when George Clooney won best supporting actor in 2006 's "  Syriana . " Clooney , the exemplar of movie-star sleekness , took on facial hair and 30 pounds to play the luckless CIA agent Robert Bair . Some observers believed the Oscar was as much for Clooney 's good works , including his direction of that year 's critically acclaimed "  Good Night and Good Luck , " as for his performance . But the rewards for sacrificing physical beauty were acknowledged nonetheless . The daring does n't always work and De Niro , again , offers an example , having shed 35 pounds and worked himself into a solitary grind as a cabbie to prepare for the role of lone gunman Travis Bickle in 1976 's "  Taxi Driver . " He was nominated , but lost to the late Peter Finch as the comparably unhinged Howard Beale in "  Network . " Among the many possible reasons for De Niro 's deferred lead-actor Academy honor is that , at the time , he had n't yet established an image that could be dramatically overturned or re-set in voters ' minds . Because , more than anything else , even a better performance , Hollywood loves to see a performer overturn pre-existing expectations . Was Dustin Hoffman 's gnarled , doomed Ratzo Rizzo in 1969 's "  Midnight Cowboy " better than John Wayne 's dyspeptic , one-eyed Rooster Cogburn in "  True Grit " that same year ? Maybe , but it was an all-but-foregone conclusion going into the Oscar ceremony that Wayne would get the gold statuette for mucking around with his persona . Jeff Bridges would , 30 years later , also be nominated for assuming Rooster 's eye-patch and ill temper in a "  True Grit " remake . But Bridges ' sixth Oscar nomination was overshadowed by finally winning best actor the year before for portraying a seedy , recidivist country-western singer in "  Crazy Heart . " Although it was nice to see Bridges win the prize , it seemed to many critics that Bridges had by then submitted more than a dozen performances that were smarter , subtler and more flattering than that of a mendacious substance abuser so in need of cash that he needs to pee in a bottle while driving between gigs . His most iconic role , The Dude in 1998 's "  The Big Lebowski , " was n't even nominated that year . But when an actor 's time has come as it did for Bridges , Wayne , De Niro , Theron and others , precedents flutter noiselessly into the California ozone . Matthew McConaughey 's time , it is widely believed , has come this year through a combination of circumstance , timing , fortune -- and crash dieting . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Best Actor fave Matthew McConaughey lost 50 pounds for "  Dallas Buyers Club " Charlize Theron became fat and unrecognizable for "  Monster " and won the Oscar Robert De Niro played boxer thin and really fat ; George Clooney put on weight for "  Syriana " Gene Seymour : Hollywood loves actors who change appearance or persona drastically
CNN  -- Italian teenager Federico Macheda enjoyed a remarkable debut to English football as he curled home an injury-time winner that sent Manchester United back to the top of the Premier League with a thrilling 3-2 home win over Aston Villa . Macheda receives a hug from manager Sir Alex Ferguson after scoring Manchester United 's last-gasp winner . It seemed United would have to settle for a point after Cristiano Ronaldo 's double had only proved enough to keep United level against a Villa side that thoroughly deserved a lead provided by John Carew and Gabriel Agbonlahor . But 17-year-old substitute Macheda , a former member of the Lazio academy who arrived at Old Trafford in 2007 , was to have the last word . Who is Federico Macheda ? At exactly the same moment as Yossi Benayoun struck for Liverpool at Fulham on Saturday , Macheda turned onto Ryan Giggs ' low pass before unleashing a stunning shot that curled past Brad Friedel and sent Old Trafford into ecstasy . United , missing a host of players including Rio Ferdinand , Nemanja Vidic , Wayne Rooney and Paul Scholes , started poorly against an out-of-form Villa side who had gone eight matches without victory . However , a stunning piece of skill from Cristiano Ronaldo gave them a 14th - minute lead . James Milner and Friedel got themselves into a muddle , forcing the Villa keeper to handle a back pass . The resulting free-kick saw Ryan Giggs brush the ball to Ronaldo , who sent a fierce shot over the wall and into the roof of Friedel 's net in a flash . Villa were not to be denied and they drew level when Gareth Barry wriggled his way into space by the touchline and Carew crept between Gary Neville and John O'Shea to steer a deft header into the bottom corner of the net . The visitors then took a deserved lead on the hour mark when Ronaldo gifted possession to Stiliyan Petrov , who swept upfield unopposed . He found Carew , whose perfect cross was headed home by Agbonlahor . The goal stung United into life and they levelled with 13 minutes remaining when Michael Carrick exchanged first-time passes with Giggs on the edge of the Villa box , before presenting Ronaldo with a lay-off . The world player of the year did not have a lot to aim at but he found the one small gap Friedel was unable to cover . A draw would have been a fair result , but United poured forward and in the third minute of five added on minutes at the end of the match , Macheda delivered the killer blow to leave the defending champions a point clear of Liverpool at the top with a game in hand . Meanwhile , in the day 's other match , Everton moved to within one point of Villa in sixth position after a comfortable 4-0 victory over Wigan , courtesy of a double from on-loan Manchester City striker Jo .	Federico Macheda scores an injury-time winner as Manchester defeat Villa 3-2 The win lifts champions above Liverpool to top of Premier League by one point Everton consolidate sixth place in table after a comfortable 4-0 win over Wigan
CNN  -- Close to a dozen countries , including the United States , announced Tuesday they were expelling Syrian diplomats in a coordinated move reflecting the international outrage about a massacre in the town of Houla . A U.N. official said it 's "  clear " that Syrian government forces were involved in the massacre , which left more than 100 people dead , nearly half of them children . A "  fairly small number appear to have been killed by shelling , artillery and tank fire which took place over a period of more than 12 hours , " said Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the U.N. human rights office . Should the U.S. ` airdrop ' millions of phones into Syria ? The majority appear to have died as a result of "  summary executions " by "  armed men going into houses and killing men , women and children inside , " he said . "  What is clear is government forces were involved . They were shelling , using tanks and artillery . And it appears to be Shabiha militia  a government militia group  , entering houses and slaughtering people in what is really an abominable crime that took place throughout the day on Friday . " Syria has denied being behind the killings , insisting that "  terrorists " carried them out . Syrian officials said the government would investigate . The bloodshed continued Tuesday , when at least 72 people were killed across the country , including nine children and two women , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Syria said 21 "  army and law enforcement martyrs " were buried . Children shot , knifed , axed to death in Syria 's Houla massacre , reports say The Netherlands , the United States , Australia , Great Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Spain , Bulgaria and Canada all announced Tuesday that they were expelling some Syrian diplomats . In some cases , it was just the ambassadors ; in others , numerous diplomats were expelled . The U.S. State Department decided to expel the Syrian charge d'affaires , two State Department officials told CNN . Zouheir Jabbour was called to the department Tuesday morning and told he and his family had 72 hours to leave . He has been the top Syrian envoy in the United States since the ambassador , Imad Moustapha , was called back to Syria in October in a response move after the United States said it was pulling its ambassador out of Syria . "  We hold the Syrian government responsible for this slaughter of innocent lives , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in a statement Tuesday . "  This massacre is the most unambiguous indictment to date of the Syrian government 's flagrant violations of its U.N. Security Council obligations ... along with the regime 's ongoing threat to peace and security . " White House spokesman Jay Carney was even more emphatic . "  This weekend 's massacre is a horrifying testament to this regime 's depravity . The international community is united in its revulsion at the regime 's actions through both its military and its thug forces , and we are ratcheting up the pressure on and isolation of this murderous regime , " he said . Sen. Bob Carr , Australia 's minister for foreign affairs , said in a statement , "  The Syrian government can expect no further official engagement with Australia until it abides by the U.N. cease-fire and takes active steps to implement the peace plan agreed with Joint Special Envoy Kofi Annan . " The Spanish Foreign Ministry said it was declaring the ambassador persona non grata and expelling four other diplomats "  for the unacceptable repression carried out by the Syrian regime on its population . " But Annan , envoy for the United Nations and the Arab League , took a markedly different tone after meeting with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . While he said he "  conveyed in frank terms the grave concern of the international community about the violence in Syria , including the recent shocking events in Houla , " he also said that Syria 's vow to organize its own investigations "  is very encouraging . " He also said he "  expressed appreciation for the cooperation of the Syrian government , which enabled the U.N. to deploy an observer mission to Syria , quickly . " "  We are at a tipping point . The Syrian people do not want the future to be one of bloodshed and division . Yet the killings continue and the abuses are still with us today , " Annan said , according to a statement released by his office . He said he appealed to al-Assad "  for bold steps now -- not tomorrow , now -- to create momentum for the implementation of the plan . " "  I also appeal to the armed opposition to cease acts of violence , " he added . Talking to reporters in Damascus , Annan was asked what he thought would happen in Syria if the peace plan was not implemented . "  If the plan is not implemented , I would worry for the future of Syria . I would worry about stability in the country . ... If we do not  implement the plan  , may God help us , " he said . "  Words are wonderful , but action is better . What is important is demonstrate through action a real commitment to the plan and this is what the international community is asking for now : action , not words , " he said . Al-Assad told Annan that "  terrorist groups " have escalated operations , including killings and kidnappings , in recent days , and he stressed the urgency of getting countries that are "  financing and harboring terrorist groups " to commit to Annan 's plan , Syrian state-run TV reported . Residents in Houla say Syrian regime forces terrorized the town , a suburb of the anti-government bastion of Homs . An 11-year-old survivor recalled his experience . "  They were talking to my mom . I 'm not sure what happened but they shot her five times . They shot her in the head . Then he turned and shot my sister , Rasha , in the head . Then he shot my brother , Nader , in the neck and back , " the boy said . ` SNN , ' YouTube help amplify voices in Syria Months of diplomatic efforts and economic sanctions have yet to quash the violence , and anger over perceived inaction by world leaders boiled over after the Houla massacre , which the United Nations said left 108 people dead . Opinion : Only Russia , China can stop carnage in Syria Horrific images of dozens of mutilated children 's corpses in Houla prompted a rare moment of unity Sunday from the U.N. Security Council . Even Russia , the staunchest defender of the Syrian regime on the council , signed on to a statement that condemned the Syrian government for its "  outrageous use of force against  the  civilian population . " Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , in a conversation with Annan , "  expressed grave concern about the tragedy in Houla and emphasized that all sides in Syria must give up violence in order to avoid similar incidents in the future , " according to a statement from the ministry . "  An objective and independent investigation of all circumstances of the tragedy must be done under the U.N. Mission in Syria , " the statement said . Yet few Middle East watchers predict the Houla massacre will break the diplomatic deadlock that has cemented itself around Syria for a year . Timeline : Syria -- How a year of horror unfolded Unlike in Libya , where NATO-led airstrikes contributed to deposing longtime ruler Moammar Gadhafi , al-Assad has powerful regional allies in his corner : Iran , Russia and , to an extent , China . Syria also has "  five times more sophisticated air defense systems than existed in Libya , covering one-fifth of the terrain , " Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey testified before Congress in March . But a former Syrian general said the country 's capabilities were exaggerated . "  It is good to face civilians or light armed freedom fighters ... but when it faces a superior power it will collapse right away . I 'm saying that with all sadness because this is the army I served like for 27 years , but this is not the army of the people anymore ... It 's the army of the regime itself , " Akil Hashem told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . U.N. officials say more than 9,000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed and tens of thousands more have been uprooted since the crisis began in March 2011 . Opposition groups report a death toll of more than 11,000 people . CNN can not confirm death tolls and reports of violence from Syria , as the Syrian government limits access by foreign journalists . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Yasmin Amer , Arwa Damon , Anderson Cooper and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : A former Syrian general says the army is no longer "  of the people , " but a tool of the regime NEW : Bulgaria , the Netherlands join the United States and others in expelling diplomats If the peace plan fails , "  may God help us , " says Joint Special Envoy Kofi Annan 72 people were killed Tuesday , an opposition group says
CIA-funded weapons have begun flowing to Syrian rebels , a U.S. official told CNN . But opposition groups say they have yet to receive any . The official confirmed details first reported by the Washington Post but would not speak publicly . "  That is something we are not going to dispute , but we are not going to publicly speak to it , " the official said . The weapons are not American-made , but are funded and organized by the CIA . They started to reach rebels about two weeks ago , the official said . The artillery was described as light weapons , some anti-tank weapons and ammunition . The Syrian National Coalition and the Free Syrian Army deny they have received weapons from the United States . "  We have some promises from the U.S. administration of shipment of weapons in a short period of time , but until now we have not received any , " said Free Syrian Army Political and Media Coordinator Louay al-Mokdad . "  We have logistical help , but we did n't get weapons until now . We hope that in the next short period of time we will start receiving weapons , because we have promises from EU countries and the U.S. that they will help us and support us . " The supply is in addition to the non-lethal aid that the United States has been providing the rebels since April , when the Obama administration first altered the nature of the aid to include items such as body armor , night vision goggles and other military equipment . The official insisted the effort has been in the works for some time , and did not start as an effort to appease those calling for more rebel aid during the new diplomatic initiative with Russia . Kerry hints at transfer Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday during a Google + Hangout discussion that "  many of the items that people complained were not getting to them are now getting to them . " He did not elaborate on specifics . A spokeswoman for the National Security Council declined comment . "  We are n't able to inventory or provide timelines for every type of assistance we provide to the Syrian opposition , " spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan said . CNN could not reach members of the rebel forces early Thursday morning . Congress approved supply The supply of weapons was approved by Congress after the Obama administration asserted the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad had used chemical weapons on a small scale . But no progress toward physically supplying the rebels had been reported since then . "  Some things have not been getting to the opposition as rapidly as one would have hoped , " Kerry said Tuesday . CNN first reported on the plan to arm Syrian rebels with small arms and ammunition in June , but officials refused to lay out a time line on delivery . Obama 's national security team and members of Congress have repeatedly urged the president to increase direct aid for the rebels . They argue such a step would strengthen the hand of moderate members of the Syrian opposition , and make them less reliant on well-armed extremist elements within their ranks . Other developments The latest developments come on the eve of new diplomatic negotiations between the United States and Russia , which begin Thursday in Geneva , Switzerland . Secretary Kerry will meet with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov for two days to discuss a Moscow proposal to avert a U.S.-led strike in Syria by having the Syrian government put its chemical weapons stockpile under international control . But as Russia continues to supply Bashar Al-Assad 's regime with weapons while the U.S. supplies the rebels , and Putin writes a piece in the New York Times questioning the authority of Obama 's call for military strikes , the baggage being brought to the negotiation table continues to pile up before talks have even begun .	Rebel groups say they have yet to receive weapons Official : "  That is something we are not going to dispute " The weapons are not American-made but are funded and organized by the CIA They started to reach rebels about two weeks ago , the official says
A new class of cholesterol-fighting drugs could be coming to patients in the not-so-distant future , and experts say they could be a real game-changer in Americans ' battle to lower artery-clogging LDL , or "  bad , " cholesterol . The drugs , known as PCSK9 inhibitors , work to suppress a particular gene that regulates how much cholesterol the liver can filter out of the body . In early phase 3 trials , the inhibitors have shown to be safe and to work in reducing LDL cholesterol levels to previously unknown lows . As interesting as the drugs themselves is the process by which they were discovered . Ten years ago , researchers found a family in Paris with a long history of extremely high levels of LDL , incidents of cardiovascular disease and early deaths , says Dr. Jay Edelberg , global head of PCSK9 development for Sanofi , a pharmaceutical company working on a PCSK9 inhibitor in partnership with Regeneron . Tests revealed that the family had a rare mutation on the gene called PCSK9 . Additional studies showed that individuals with underactive PCSK9 genes had low levels of LDL and , much more important , low levels of cardiovascular disease . "  That became the most exciting potential target in cardiovascular medicine , " Edelberg said . It 's this discovery that has Sanofi and two other major drug companies , Amgen and Pfizer , racing to develop a drug that mimics the gene 's effects . The best approach , experts say , will be through monoclonal antibodies : antibodies that are created in a lab and help your immune system fight a disease or , in this case , fight cholesterol . "  PCSK9 inhibitors could offer an important treatment option for patients , particularly for those who are in need of greater LDL-C reductions beyond what the current standards of care can offer , " said MacKay Jimeson , a spokesman for Pfizer , one of the companies working on this new type of drug . "  This is not to replace statin therapy , " said Joe Miletich , senior vice president of research and development at Amgen . "  This is actually to get patients to  their  goal who ca n't get there . " TIME : Statins safe for most people Normal LDL levels hover somewhere in the 100 to 130 mg/dL range , according to the American Heart Association . Anything above that , your doctor starts to get concerned . "  With a statin medication , you can often get somebody 's cholesterol between 70 and 100 mg/dL , " said Dr. Elliott Antman , president-elect of the American Heart Association and a dean at Harvard Medical School . "  If you use these monoclonal antibodies , you could see a number way less than 50 . " This excites doctors like Antman , who is not connected to the research but often sees patients with cholesterol numbers in the hundreds . "  I would say this is a game changer . " But is there such a thing as cholesterol levels being too low ? We do n't really know , Antman says , but he believes the lower , the better . "  Infants , when they 're less than a year old , have smooth arteries , and their LDL is 40 or less , " he said . The initial research into the PCSK9 gene also found people with virtually no PCSK9 activity who lived their entire lives with extremely low cholesterol . Researchers observed no ill effects in those patients . The safety data from the clinical trials are good , and experts say these drugs could help patients who ca n't tolerate or do not respond to traditional cholesterol-lowering drugs . "  Monoclonals were generally well-tolerated , " Antman said . "  Although the studies were n't comprised of millions of patients and duration of follow-up was n't as long as we 'd like , the signals we 're seeing are all very positive . " As excited as the pharmaceutical giants are about this new discovery , this is n't ready for prime time . For one thing , the drugs are not approved by the FDA , although Antman said it probably wo n't be long . "  These drugs are of such great interest that there will likely be an aggressive approach to conducting large-scale trials for FDA approval and perhaps expedited review , " he said . "  It 's hard to know exactly when these drugs will be available , but I 'm guessing it 'll be less than two years . " Another issue with the drugs is that they ca n't be taken orally . "  You ca n't swallow this , because the digestive enzymes in your stomach would break up the protein , " Antman said . "  It 's given by subcutaneous injections  into a lower level of skin  , but this can be done with very small needles . " Researchers say patients would need to give themselves injections only every two to four weeks , which , depending on how often they 're taking pills to lower cholesterol , may be a less cumbersome option . Finally , these types of medications are very expensive to make and difficult to store and require a much more extensive manufacturing process than a pill . "  They are heat-sensitive and open to risk of microbial contamination , so issues of shelf life and handling are always front and center , " Antman said . "  This means they 're probably going to be more expensive than pills . " But Antman believes , as the saying goes , an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . "  How much is it worth to use a more expensive treatment up front to avoid downstream events that are more expensive ? " he asked . "  If you think prevention is expensive , try treating disease . "	Drugs suppress a gene that regulates how much cholesterol liver filters out Studies show people with low levels of PCSK9 have low levels of LDL cholesterol Pharmaceutical companies are working to get these drugs approved by the FDA
CNN  -- Typhoon Haikui slammed into the east coast of China on Wednesday morning , pummeling the area around the business metropolis of Shanghai with heavy wind and rain . The storm 's winds were at "  severe typhoon " strength when it made landfall in the province of Zhejiang , about 225 kilometers  140 miles  south of Shanghai , the China Meteorological Administration said . The winds diminished to typhoon strength as Haikui moved inland . A severe typhoon is considered to have maximum sustained wind speed of between 150 and 184 kilometers per hour  93 and 114 mph  . A typhoon has maximum sustained winds of between 118 and 149 kilometers per hour  73 and 93 mph  . Think it 's hot ? Imagine living here Hundreds of thousands of people had been evacuated from Haikui 's path as it approached , the third tropical cyclone to hit China 's east coast in less than a week . Chinese officials had relocated 374,000 people from Shanghai and 250,000 from Zhejiang , according to the state-run newspaper China Daily . Although the storm 's winds are expected to weaken as it moves overland , it will continue to dump large amounts of rain on the surrounding area , raising the risk of landslides and flooding . What 's behind Asia floods ? "  The rain is the bigger impact going forward , " said CNNI Meteorologist Taylor Ward . "  We have already had up to 8 inches in some locations . " Ward said another 6 to 10 inches of rain were expected to fall , with "  maybe isolated amounts greater . " Haikui was moving northwest at 20 kph  12 mph  but was expected to slow over the coming two days , he said . More rains worsen Philippines floods Ernesto weakens , but new strength forecast	Haikui 's winds are at "  severe typhoon " strength as it hits eastern China More than 600,000 people have been evacuated from affected areas Haikui is the third tropical cyclone to hit China 's east coast in less than a week
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Police in Tibet have arrested 16 Buddhist monks and are seeking three more for their alleged involvement in one bombing and two attempted bombings , authorities in Tibet told state-run media . Chinese People 's Liberation Army soldiers are shown in the streets of Lhasa , Tibet , on March 14 . All three cases occurred in Tibet 's Mangkam county during the first half of April , according to the Tibet Autonomous Regional Department of Public Security . The suspects confessed , police said , saying they had listened to foreign radio and were following separatist propaganda from the Dalai Lama , China 's Xinhua news agency reported . CNN could not confirm whether the suspects confessed . The Dalai Lama has said he does not advocate violence or a separate and independent Tibet . He has said he wants a genuine autonomy that preserves the cultural heritage of Tibet . Beijing blames the Dalai Lama and his followers for violence that erupted March 14 amid anti-Chinese demonstrations in Tibet . Some protesters advocated independence from China while others demonstrated against the growing influence of ethnic Han Chinese in Tibet and other regions of China with ethnic Tibetan populations . The Chinese authorities cracked down on the protests , which began peacefully on the 49th anniversary of a failed Tibetan uprising . Widespread violence broke out across China 's Tibetan region , especially in the Tibetan capital of Lhasa , following a week of protests by hundreds of Buddhist monks . "  Real Buddhists should learn Buddhist scriptures by heart , love their country and their religion , abide by the law , and bring happiness to people , " said Dainzin Chilai , vice-chairman of the China Buddhist Association and vice-chairman of the People 's Political Consultative Conference of Tibet Autonomous Region . "  They should not involve themselves in cruel killing and sabotage . " Both groups Chilai represents are affiliated with the Chinese government . The unrest resulted in the deaths of at least 18 civilians and one police officer , according to government figures . It also injured 382 civilians and 241 police officers and led to the looting of businesses and home and the burning of shops and vehicles . Tibet 's self-proclaimed government-in-exile put the death toll from the protests at 140 . At the time of the unrest , roughly 1,000 people hurled rocks and concrete at security forces , demolishing military trucks and pushing back riot police , a witness told CNN , and Tibetans seemed to be targeting shops and vehicles owned by Han Chinese , the predominant ethnic group in China .	Arrests tied to three bombings in April , police tell Xinhua China says suspects confessed ; CNN could not confirm Lhasa , Tibet was site of deadly unrest in March
AOL Autos  -- It had never been done before , but as Monte Perlin gunned the engine of his Harley motorbike and prepared to land it in an open boxcar of a moving train , he was strangely calm . Stuntman Monte Perlin putting his motorcycle through its paces . Rather than fret for his own life , he was thinking about the responsibility he had for the life of the woman sitting on the saddle behind him . He laughs to tell the story now , but his moving-train stunt for Disney 's 2008 Adam Sandler vehicle "  Bedtime Stories " was perhaps the most dangerous Perlin 's attempted in his 25 years in Hollywood . His career has involved many films , including "  Spider-Man , " "  Star Trek , "  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull " and portraying Arnold Schwarzenegger 's stunt double in "  Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines . " That 's right : Monte Perlin is a stunt man . In fact , he said that after completing that train stunt , which involved probably more math than we 'd care to compute  consider a man jumping 70 feet on a motorbike at 60 mph from a ramp into an open car of a train traveling at 45 mph , all with a woman on the seat next to him ... sounds a bit like a SAT question , does n't it ?  the footage showed he missed . In actuality , he came too close -- or about 6 inches -- to one of the boxcar 's doors . So , he had to do it again . "  I have to time it with a girl on my back , " Perlin said . "  Too short , I 'm dead . Too late , I 'm dead . Too high , fast or powerful , I take my head off . It had to be perfect . While he did n't sleep for two nights before the stunt , he says a strange type of calm precedes any of his attempts at a difficult trick . Then , just before launch , he says , as he revs the engine of whichever "  boss hog " he 's riding that day , his adrenaline kicks into gear . "  I get that feeling , that I could wrestle 10 gorillas , I could jump 10 trains , and boom ! I go for it . " Perlin completed the stunt , this time "  hitting " it almost exactly through the middle of the box-car 's open gate and the movie 's production team wrapped the scene . "  I did it again and just hit it perfect , " he said . "  I hit the impossible stunt . " It did n't start this way Perlin grew up in Lake Arrowhead , not far from Hollywood , where from the age of 10 he ripped around the largely rural area on motocross bikes before he graduated onto some seriously heavy machinery -- including his own super-modified Harley Davidson that packs a 350 Chevy car engine . That gave him a perfect start in his chosen career of motorcycle stunt riding . AOL Autos : Fastest coupes under $ 30k He got into Hollywood by ditching the small-town naysayers who did n't believe in him , he says , and traveling to Los Angeles . After a couple misfires , he looked into a stunt school he found in a Hollywood trade publication and he found his calling . AOL Autos : Top 10 best car commercials Perhaps more importantly , Perlin met his wife , also a stuntwoman . "  She  changed my life and stopped my drinking , " he said . "  I told her , ` If we 're gon na get married , I got ta have a career . ' " In addition to traveling to Africa , Israel , Russia , and all over the world , the couple raised four kids on a 10-acre ranch about 25 miles north of Hollywood in Lancaster . Perlin has n't touched a drop of alcohol in nearly 25 years . He says he often takes his grandkids for "  wheelies " around his neighborhood . As it turns out , stuntin ' runs in the family : His 17-year-old daughter is a champion horse show-jumper and is gunning for an Olympic place , but is already a professional stuntwoman . AOL Autos : Ford 's ` Wonder Woman ' engineers important new car Stunt work is n't something to be taken lightly , though . Perlin has the scars to prove it . He says he 's broken "  almost everything . " Everything , according to Perlin , includes both of his arms , legs , knees , feet , ankles , several of his ribs , his back and his pelvis . But , his background in gymnastics has left him some flexibility . AOL Autos : Most common car - related injuries Perhaps philosophically , Perlin points out that the most important thing for any stuntman , alongside having a particular niche or forte like motorbike riding , is learning from the mistakes you 'll inevitably make . Sometimes this means knowing when to say no and , simply , when to go for it . He recalls the time he was cajoled by a director into doing a motorcycle stunt he considered too dangerous . "  The worst thing  I ever did  was on a Brian Bosworth series 13 years ago in Florida . I had to jump off a pier , over the water and into a barge . Well , usually they give you a lighter bike mocked up to look like a Harley , but they would n't do that  for  this so I had to get a stock Kawasaki 1200 Vulcan . I could jump a 35-foot distance  on that bike  but from pier to barge was now more than 35 feet . I checked the tide and the jump was 40 feet long . "  Now  I know  I do n't want to do it . But the production manager came running out and said , ` If Monte Perlin does n't do this jump , you all are going home right now . ' He was really throwing it at me . I did the jump and landed perfectly , but the bike snapped in half and crushed my ankle . In the hospital , the ` doc said they were gon na have to cut my foot off . " Perlin 's foot was saved by steel plates and screws , but not before he learned an important lesson : "  It 's not the fact of making mistakes in life , it 's what you learn from them . " He describes a later stunt where he had to jump a motorbike down 2.5 stories from a roof , jumping through a window , all while wearing a rubber monster suit . He says the lights were bad , and he "  could n't see a thing . " "  I called down to floor , said I could n't see the ground , " he said . "  They said ` You wimp , my mother could do that . ' But , five minutes later the lights were right , and I landed it . The end result was I had learned from my mistakes . There are ways to get around anything . " One tough assignment Most famously , perhaps , Perlin portrayed Arnold Schwarzenegger in "  Terminator 3 , " a role that still has a special place in his memory  although he says he 's back working with his old Terminator team on a "  major blockbuster " to be filmed this summer  . AOL Autos : Top 10 movie car chases "  For Terminator 3 , I got a call to double Arnold , to go in and meet him . We hung out for six months , riding together and training . Now  as a double for the  Terminator , I ca n't be riding and looking , or turning my head . I had to use peripheral vision for all my stunts . " Not that he needed a reminder , but Monte 's Terminator experiences proved once again that stunt work is serious business . "  In one of the sequences , Arnold 's riding on a motorcycle and the lady 's on a crane . She swings at him and he grabs the crane . But that transfer was not as sweet as it looked . Riding at 45 mph , following the crane , a harness was supposed to bring me closer to the crane and lock me safe to it . But , the crane made a swerve and it pulled me off the motorbike , and he 's still going . Picture a fish on the end of a hook , being swung around . If that timing was off I would  have been  wrapped around a pole and torn in half . " On the same shoot , Monte had to do battle with an object much larger than him and perhaps less forgiving than a moving crane . "  For an explosion shot in the movie , I was heading right toward a tanker , " he said . "  I swerved around  it  and was head on with a remotely controlled ambulance ,  which was  on fire . If I had fallen and it would of hit me , I would have been bone dead . "  But , it landed beside me -- a full-weight paramedic truck flipping through the air . I talked to the guy on the remote control after that . He said it would have landed on top of me , but on the last second it turned to the right and missed me . It woulda squished me . " Unless you 're Monte Perlin , do not try this at home . You might get squished .	Stuntman Monte Perlin has broken "  almost everything " in his 25-year career His films include "  Spider-Man , " "  Star Trek , "  Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines " One motorbike stunt involved jumping 70 feet at 60 mph into open car of moving train Remotely controlled , burning ambulance flipped and barely missed him
The United States and North Korea have long found themselves locked in a bitter cycle of escalating and deescalating tensions but the current cyber conflict may be especially hard to predict . CNN 's Wilfred Chan discussed this with Mike Chinoy , a longtime North Korea expert who has traveled to the country 17 times , Senior Fellow at the U.S.-China Institute at the University of Southern California , and CNN 's former Senior Asia Correspondent , whose new book "  The Last POW " tells the story of the detention in North Korea of 85-year-old American tourist Merril Newman . There were reports Tuesday that North Korea 's Internet was down , the disruption coming amid a growing war of words between the United States and North Korea over a cyberattack on Sony Pictures . Do you think the United States disabled North Korea 's Internet in retaliation for the Sony hack ? Chinoy : I 'm not convinced that the U.S. government was behind the outage of the North Korean Internet . The issue though is not whether it was or it was n't , the issue is what the North Koreans think it was . And I think it 's safe to assume , unless they themselves took their system offline for their own security -- which is not impossible -- they 'll be looking to respond . And if the U.S. government actually took down North Korea 's Internet , that has its own implications . Because if the United States is officially engaging in cyberattacks then it implies North Korea can do it to us , and everybody else can do it to everybody else . How does the Sony hacking saga complicate the situation between the United States and North Korea ? It 's a brave new world . We now have a situation where it 's entirely possible you 've got third-party hackers possibly helping the North Koreans in the original Sony hack , entirely possibly taking down the North Korean Internet , who are beyond the control of any government . And that makes it much , much harder to assess . Part of what makes this dangerous is there are no agreed rules of the road in terms of cyber warfare in the way there are existing broad rules of the road for other security issues -- even if they are frequently violated . We 're absolutely in uncharted territory . And we 're in uncharted territory with pundits and the political class outraged in the United States , and a new , unknown North Korean leader in a system that we do n't understand the dynamics of very well . So that 's a worrisome combination . Do you think North Korea hacked Sony ? I do n't think the President of the United States would 've been given talking points that so explicitly blamed North Korea if the U.S. government did n't have very high confidence there was a North Korean connection . Now , whether or not the North Koreans explicitly gave the order and then farmed it out to teams of people in China or elsewhere , we do n't know enough about the decision-making process . How sophisticated are North Korea 's hacking capabilities ? We know they have a robust cyber capability . The North Koreans have devoted a lot of resources to giving themselves a lot of cyber capabilities . Their broader security strategy has changed under Kim Jong Un -- there 's a heavy focus on nuclear , cyber , and asymmetrical warfare capabilities , which enables them to reduce expenditures on a conventional military . North Korea is the weaker , smaller power , and asymmetrical warfare is the approach of choice . The North Koreans are not suicidal . If they were responsible for the Sony attack , they targeted a specific company for a specific reason . It 's hard for me to imagine they 're going to take out the U.S. power grid . How do the United States and North Korea view each other right now ? There 's layers and layers of hostility and mistrust . Ever since the Korean War , the United States has seen North Korea as this dangerous , threatening country and there 's always been concern when the North Koreans do something aggressive . In North Korea , based on my 17 visits there , what comes through clearly is the reverse image . They feel under siege from the United States . They are convinced that the American goal is to do them in , to bring them down . They feel alone and beleaguered and they 're determined to keep their system afloat at all costs . The North Korean strategy has always been brinksmanship -- tit for tat , you hit me , we hit back harder . Part of their playbook is to make people think they are more extreme , they are crazier . A lot of it is rhetoric -- one of the challenges in situations like this is how to judge rhetoric . So when they threaten to attack the White House and so on , you have to be careful not to take it literally . Could this hacking crisis continue to escalate ? Look , in 1976 , North Korean soldiers crossed the demarcation line at Panmunjon , killed two Americans with axes , and we did n't go to war . In 2010 , the North Koreans sank a South Korean ship , killing dozens of South Korean sailors , we did n't go to war . In 2010 when they shelled Yeonpyong island and killed South Koreans , we did n't go to war . We 're going to go to war because they hacked a movie production company ? I mean , you know , let 's have a little bit of perspective about it . That being said , this has created a kind of perfect storm of a real threat with cyberattacks , with implications in terms of what else might happen . There 's tremendous political pressure on the Obama administration to do something , even though the toolkit is somewhat limited . And what 's new here is this is the biggest crisis since North Korea 's youthful leader Kim Jong Un came to power three years ago . How could this play out in the long run ? One of the likely responses is going to be accelerated moves toward a North Korean nuclear test . Lost in all the day to day headlines about Sony is the bigger strategic security picture which is the North Koreans are moving full speed ahead to enhance their nuclear capability . They 've got a plutonium program , they 've got a uranium program . Each time they do a nuclear test they move further toward having the capability to miniaturize a warhead . Once they can miniaturize a warhead they 've definitely got medium range missiles . They 've tested a long range missile , though it 's not clear how well it works . There is nothing happening to constrain that . What worries me is there has n't even been an attempt in the last couple of years to talk about this . Without a diplomatic agreement for them to curtail or roll back their nuclear program , they will soon have in a period of time , it 's hard to judge how long , a larger nuclear arsenal , the ability to miniaturize a warhead , and a delivery system that can reach the continental United States . Then it gets really scary . Short of going to war and taking down the North Korean regime , it 's very hard to see how you reverse that , unless you get back into some kind of negotiating process , and that seems very unlikely . There 's a big debate still over whether we should talk to them . My sense is the North Koreans still would very much like to talk to the United States . But the Obama administration has not been in the mood to do it . Obama has just done this major initiative with Cuba , he 's been talking to Iran , but in security terms the North Koreans are scarier . Unlike Iran , North Korea 's got the bomb and Pyongyang uses overheated rhetoric which makes the Iranians sound moderate in comparison . There 's very little evidence that sanctions work in terms of changing North Korea 's behavior to what the United States wants . So that just makes the whole thing more dangerous . READ MORE : An excerpt from Mike Chinoy 's new book , "  The Last POW "	Chinoy : Hacking has created a dangerous , unpredictable situation There are no agreed upon rules of the road in terms of cyber warfare North Korea has invested significantly in its cyber warfare capabilities
CNN  -- Two years ago , Dino Mazzetti hit the lowest point of his life . The Lake Zurich , Illinois , middle school music teacher was hovering dangerously close to 300 pounds and was feeling horrible . Pain radiated in every joint in his body because of his weight . "  I could barely bend over to tie my own shoes , " the 29-year-old wrote on CNN iReport . If he dropped something on the floor at school , he had to ask a student to help him pick it up . It was humiliating . Being overweight was not always the norm for Mazzetti . He and his two siblings were slender kids , eating home-cooked meals and playing often outside . But that all changed after Mazzetti became a sophomore in high school in August 2000 . He quit the high school football team , and instead joined the school 's music and theater programs . Unfortunately , the ferocious appetite he had developed as a football player did n't change . In just a few months , the 5-foot , 10-inch student had grown from 120 pounds to 200 . Mazzetti went from eating healthy meals at home to buying school lunches that consisted of French fries , pizzas and mozzarella cheese sticks . He would wash those greasy meals down with a 32-ounce soda , which he would get from the school 's soda dispenser that he visited multiple times a day . As a teenager , he was making his own food choices , and those choices consisted of mostly junk . By the time he went to college in 2003 , Mazzetti was obese . Some people even called him the "  Big Mac Attack " because he would eat a Big Mac in four bites , "  just to prove I could , " he said . After graduating college in May 2007 , he started a teaching job at Nippersink Middle School as a music teacher and choir director , and his weight only got worse . He was wearing XXL shirts and size 48 pants . His weight climbed to 291 pounds . This was the heaviest he had ever been , and he became self-conscious about it . The teacher dressed himself in loose trousers that stretched around his waist , and wore hefty button-up shirts that made him look like he was in his 40s rather than his 20s . Mazzetti started secluding himself because of his lack of confidence , and turned to food for comfort . "  Being a teacher is a really hard job . It 's an emotional job . I think he found solace in eating , " said Mazzetti 's sister Julia , who is an English teacher . "  He told me that he would eat fast food three times a day . He was sitting in front of the TV eating all the time . He would stand in front of the pantry , always looking for something to eat . It looked like an addiction . " By summer 2012 , though , Mazzetti realized the lonely nights eating in front of TV were taking their toll . He needed to socialize . He joined a community college theater production of "  Sweeney Todd . " He was cast as Beadle Bamford , the short , greasy and overweight lackey of Judge Turpin . A theater buff , Mazzetti was enthused to get the part , but he discovered it was hard to physically keep up with the rest of the cast on and off the stage . During a cast party to mark the end of the show that summer , Mazzetti joined his fellow actors for a friendly volleyball match . A few minutes into the game , he was already panting and totally exhausted . "  I thought to myself at that moment , ` I 'm 27 and I feel like I 'm 60 ! ' " he wrote in his iReport . A scary thought crossed his mind : What would he feel like when he did turn 60 ? That question nagged him after he left the party . He came home and decided to go on a walk around his neighborhood to get more exercise . It was n't easy . He was winded within minutes . He knew then that he needed something to change if he wanted to start feeling his age . "  My goal was to get to a point where I felt good , " he said . June 30 would become another birthday for him : the day he decided two years ago to change his life . He remembered a colleague from school telling him to use the elliptical because it was gentler on joints . Mazzetti took the advice and went to the fitness center at the middle school to give it a try . The pedaling resistance of the elliptical was intense . He broke out in a sweat within minutes . He was n't a fan , but after spending 30 minutes working out , he decided he would give it another try the next day . "  It took me 15 years to get to where I was . It was surely going to take me more than a couple of days to lose this weight . So I told myself to keep coming back , " he said . Soon , Mazzetti was working out on the elliptical an hour every day , even on the weekends . He would drive an hour from his home in Lake Zurich to his school 's fitness center in Richmond just to work out . He also decided to cut soda out of his diet entirely . He replaced it with carbonated water so he could get the fizziness he loved without the empty calories . He changed his diet , too , cutting out simple sugars like cookies and candies . Instead of eating fast food meals for lunch and dinner , he started cooking big breakfasts in the morning . He would wake up before 5 a.m. and whip up entrees like steak and eggs before jetting off to school . His lunches were medium-sized and his dinners were usually light , like a salad . Everything was home cooked , something he had never attempted before . "  The first time I went to a grocery store , I bought a piece of steak and an ear of corn and I was like , ' I can do this , ' " he said . "  I realized cooking was fun . " He went from ordering nearly all his meals from restaurants to preparing 95 % of his meals at home . It did n't take long for him to see drastic changes in his stamina -- and his waistline . By December 2012 , he had slimmed down to 200 pounds , a number he had n't seen since high school . By January 2013 , Mazzetti weighed 180 pounds . He was starting to feel less anxious around people . He began motivating his coworkers to exercise with him at school . He also saw big changes in the way his music and choir students interacted with him . They were more engaged and responsive in his class . He was gaining their respect . His family was so inspired by his dramatic weight loss that the whole clan , including Mazzetti , got a gym membership near their home in February 2013 . At the gym , Mazzetti got a trainer to help him transition from a weight loss mentality to a weight maintenance mentality . He started lifting weights and allowed himself to eat more carbohydrates so he would have energy for his workouts . "  He just really transformed his whole life , " Julia said . "  He went from the unhealthiest person in our family to the healthiest . He was hiding himself , in his house , in the food , and that 's not who he is . " Today Mazzetti is down to a 32-inch waist . He weighs 170 pounds . He wears fashionable , slim-fitting shirts to show off his slender frame , which is a drastic change from his old school attire of oversized khaki slacks and bland dress shirts . He also lost the comb-over and started growing out his hair to accentuate his newly defined jawline . The trimmed body , smaller clothes and new hair revealed the 20-something hiding underneath all that weight . "  I can honestly say I 'm in the best shape of my life , " he said . His new confidence brought him to the realization that he wanted to pursue a different life path , too . He quit his seven-year teaching career and enrolled in Illinois State University to get a master 's degree in choral conducting . But the beloved teacher has n't been forgotten by his students . His sixth , seventh and eighth graders created a Facebook fan page for him . On the page , one of his students wrote : "  This is a tribute to one of the greatest humans to ever grace this planet . Dino was not only a great director , but a great friend . He 's always there to lend a helping hand or a crappy joke , and I thought it was only right to make a group for him . " His newfound confidence has also affected Mazzetti 's acting life . In July , he nabbed the lead role as Dr. Frankenstein in the production of "  Young Frankenstein " by College of Lake County . The dance routines and long rehearsals made it the most physically demanding role he has ever played . "  I would not have been able to do this role if I was not as fit as I currently am , " he said . "  I usually played characters who did little or no dancing at all . " For him , the key to weight loss was to stay positive . "  You 'll be the last person to see the physical changes because of the fact that you see yourself differently than anyone else , " he said . "  Go for it . Do it . The only person riding the roller coaster of your life is you . "	Standing at 291 pounds , every joint in Dino Mazzetti 's body hurt He felt like he was in his 60s rather than his 20s , so he decided to lose weight In seven months , he transformed his body , dropping 121 pounds
CNN  -- They may have just been sanctioned by UEFA for breaching Financial Fair Play rules but Paris Saint-Germain is showing no sign of putting away the checkbook . The French champions announced an agreement has been reached with Chelsea late Friday to sign Brazil international defender David Luiz subject to the player passing a medical and agreeing personal terms . Neither club confirmed the extent of the fee agreed although reports earlier in the day had suggested a figure in the region of Â # 40 million  $ 67 million  was likely . "  Paris Saint Germain , Chelsea and David Luiz would like to confirm that they reached an agreement regarding the terms of an upcoming transfer of the Brazilian defender that would occur during the next transfer window which is due to start on 10th June 2014 , " read a statement released by PSG . "  In accordance with the player 's wish to prepare for and play in the World Cup in his home country in the best possible conditions , both clubs and David Luiz wished to reach an agreement as soon as possible . " If the $ 67 million fee reported is correct it will make Luiz the most expensive defender ever , overtaking the $ 57 million PSG paid to sign Thiago Silva from AC Milan in 2012 . How the Parisians aim to incorporate the deal into their commitments to comply with UEFA 's new financial regulations remains unclear , however . Selling players or increasing revenues is a possibility but president Nasser al-Khelaifi has publicly stated his intention to continue to invest in the team . PSG were sanctioned last week along with English champions Manchester City for breaking FFP rules which aim to stop clubs getting into unmanageable debt or allow wealthy benefactors to give top teams and unfair advantage . Backed by the Qatar Investment Authority , PSG have spent hundreds of millions of dollars on some of the world 's best players like Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Edison Cavani and Ezequiel Lavezzi in recent years . The club claimed any losses incurred on these transfers was wiped out with a huge and back-dated sponsorship deal with the Qatar Tourist Authority but UEFA concluded that although this deal was valid it was heavily overvalued . As a result , PSG were found to have exceeded the permitted losses of $ 62 million over the course of the 2011-12 and 2012-13 seasons and accepted a fine of $ 83 million and a squad capped at 21 players rather than the usual 25 for next season 's Champions League campaign .	PSG agree deal to sign David Luiz from Chelsea The Brazil international could become the most expensive defender ever French club were recently sanctioned by UEFA under new Financial Fair Play rules
Wired  -- YouTube Friday began hosting live streams . But do n't go looking for how to get your basement version of Wayne 's World on the internet just yet : For now , this power is reserved for pre-approved "  trusted partners , " not for the kitten-on-the-keyboard masses . YouTube is n't saying just how many live casters it will enable from day one but that it intends "  to provide thousands of partners with the capability to live stream from their channels in the months ahead . " It 's clear from the new YouTube Live page that there is more than enough to get the ball rolling with quantity and variety . An especially nice touch ? You can add an upcoming live stream to your calendar . YouTube has hosted a small number of "  event " live streams , but this is the first time it is getting into territory pioneered by such players as uStream , Qik and Justin.tv . Unlike these services , however , there is no mobile functionality for YouTube streamers yet , so nothing will come from smartphones or tablets . Limiting participants , requiring a certain kind of encoder and keeping it out of the mobile space are all part of what Google says in an attempt to ensure a level of quality . But it will also help minimize the chances of "  Chatroulette moments " for a service which , despite the vast volume of material it accepts and hosts , still studiously tries to keep NSFW material off its site . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	YouTube is ramping up its live video offerings The early selection is limited and lacks participation from major studios In the past , YouTube has streamed big events , including a recent U2 concert
Cape Canaveral , Florida  CNN  -- Friday 's test launch of the Falcon 9 rocket was "  essentially a bullseye , " SpaceX officials said after the rocket successfully pushed past the earth 's atmosphere and deposited a mock-up of its Dragon space capsule in orbit . The successful launch is the latest step toward commercial space ventures that could eventually ferry astronauts and cargo to the international space station . SpaceX CEO Elon Musk , co-founder of PayPal , sent out the technical details of the successful launch , which he said performed its mission to deposit the Dragon mock-up into a 155-mile  250-km  orbit to near perfection . "  Nominal shutdown and orbit was almost exactly 250 km , " Musk said in a written statement . "  Telemetry showed essentially a bullseye : 126 ; 0.2 % on perigee and 126 ; 1 % on apogee . " The capsule is expected to orbit for about a year and eventually burn up in the atmosphere . NASA administrator Charles Bolden congratulated the SpaceX team . "  Space X 's accomplishment is an important milestone in the commercial transportation effort and puts the company a step closer to providing cargo services to the International Space Station , " he said . Former Apollo astronaut Rusty Schweickart was high on the launch 's possibilities . "  As a former Apollo astronaut , I think it 's safe to say that SpaceX and the other commercial developers embody the 21st century version of the Apollo frontier spirit . It 's enormously gratifying to see them succeed today , " he said . NASA hopes companies such as SpaceX can take over transportation to the international space station . "  It 's time for NASA to hand that over to commercial industry who can then optimize the technology and make it more reliable , make it much lower cost and make it much more routine , " said Musk in an interview with CNN last month . Musk says he believes the United States is at the beginning of a profound , fundamental renaissance in space exploration , perhaps greater than when President Kennedy declared the United States was going to the moon during the infancy of the space program . "  If the country executes and the administration and Congress execute in that direction , the impact of these changes will be on par , perhaps even greater , than ... the task that Kennedy put us on to , " he said . This push toward the privatization of space is part of President Obama 's blueprint to allow NASA to do bigger and better things with its budget , such as a mission to Mars . NASA has been flying shuttles in low Earth orbit and going to and from the space station for 30 years . The administration would like to see whether private companies can do it cheaper and more efficiently , as the shuttle program is about to fly into retirement . NASA selected SpaceX and another company , Orbital Sciences , to each develop an orbital vehicle because the United States will not have its own way to get to the space station . The United States will be renting space from the Russians aboard their Soyuz spacecraft . "  They 're standing on NASA 's shoulders , so they 're designing rockets based on the experience we 've had for 50 years or more , going into space , " said George Musser , editor of the Scientific American . "  And any enterprise that learns from past experience will hopefully do better , " he said . But the competition is rabid . SpaceX is the first company to reach the launchpad . So far , its spent almost $ 400 million to get there . "  They probably hate each other 's guts , but the competition is really good for space and for all of us , " said Musser . "  Ultimately , what do we want from this ? We want to get into space cheaply , so our kids and grandkids someday can go into space and explore the planets , " he said . But SpaceX acknowledges there will be failures , as there have been since the the beginning of aviation . "  This is an all-new rocket . There 's a lot that can go wrong , and during the test phase -- that 's why you have a test phase , because things may go wrong , " he said . Ken Bowersox is a vice president for SpaceX . In his previous life , he flew five space shuttle missions as a commander and pilot . He also lived on the space station for more than five months as its commander . "  Either way , we 're going to learn something , " he said . "  If we have a problem , we can move forward accepting a higher level of risk . That 's how we can be more cost-effective . If all goes as planned after a series of test flights , Musk says SpaceX will be ready to begin flying cargo to the space station next year . If NASA awards SpaceX a contract , Musk says they can begin ferrying astronauts to the space station within three years . He says his company is profitable , but his motivations go beyond dollars . "  We want to see a future where we are exploring the stars , where we 're going to other planets , where we 're doing the great things that we read about in science fiction and in the movies , " Musk said . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Space Exploration Technologies launches Falcon 9 rocket Friday With shuttle program about to end , NASA looking to private companies to fill gap U.S. will rely on Russians to get to and from the international space station for now Founder hopes SpaceX will be ready to begin flying cargo to space station next year
CNN  -- Parents of young children who get the flu may have a hard time finding an antiviral drug to help treat them . Genentech , which makes the antiviral known as Tamiflu Oral Suppression  Tamiflu OS  , the liquid version of the drug , says there have been temporary delays in new shipments . Read More : 5 ways to protect your child in flu season "  We experienced an increase in demand due to a higher prevalence of influenza Type B in the season , " Genentech spokeswoman Tara Iannuccillo said in an e-mail . "  We are working to expedite new shipments of Tamiflu OS to distributors as new supplies become available . " Tamilflu OS is typically prescribed for children younger than 13 or for people who have trouble swallowing pills . It is the only flu drug for infants approved by the Food and Drug Administration . The FDA granted that approval for infant use in December . Some 30 million children worldwide -- 6.9 million in the United States -- have received a prescription for it since Tamiflu was first approved in the United States over 13 years ago , according to Genentech . Given within the first couple of days of infection , it can ease flu symptoms and shorten the duration of the illness . Read More : Flu leads to teen 's death There have been some shortages of the drug at pharmacies , said Mike DeAngelis , a spokesman for CVS Caremark Corp. . However , there is an alternative for children , he said . "  Patients can speak to their pharmacist about the option of having the pharmacy compound Tamiflu capsules into a liquid , " DeAngelis said in an e-mail . Walgreens spokesman Jim Cohn said it , too , has experienced some shortages . But pharmacists can "  compound as needed to continue filling prescriptions for the liquid Tamiflu to meet the needs of patients during this flu season , " he said . A pharmacist , for instance , would be able to take the capsule version of the drug and suspend it in Ora-Sweet to make a liquid version of the drug . Ora-Sweet is a sweet and thick syrup that is the base of many liquid versions of children 's medicine . There is an adequate supply of the capsule form of Tamiflu , according to the manufacturer . There have been shortages of the capsule in the past , particularly during the H1N1 pandemic in 2009 , and another shortage in 2011 . "  The FDA is continuing to monitor this closely and will post information on our website . We are also working with the company to increase supplies , " said Sarah Clark-Lynn , a spokewoman from the FDA Office of Public Affairs . Map of state-by-state flu numbers If you have the flu , how are you treating it ? Send photos of your flu survival kits .	There are temporary delays in new shipments of Tamiflu , the drug maker says This is the only flu drug approved for infants Pharmacists can make a compound with the capsule version , which is in good supply
A year after Republicans were criticized for playing a major role in the government shutdown , the chairman of the Republican National Committee gave a big speech Thursday in an attempt to tear away at the party 's obstructionist image . "  People know what we 're against . I want to talk about the things we 're for , " Reince Priebus said Thursday at George Washington University . The speech was part of the Republican Party 's rebranding effort following its 2012 presidential election loss , in which GOP nominee Mitt Romney lost to President Obama in large part because of his weak standing with minorities , young voters and women . Priebus was critical of the way the party operated nationally in the past , saying the GOP had simply become a "  U-haul trailer of cash for a presidential nominee " once every four years -- an approach he called a "  loser strategy . " He stressed that the party needs to be "  obsessed over the mechanics " of voter outreach efforts , especially in the data and digital fields . "  We also have become a midterm party that does n't lose and presidential party that does n't win , " he said , attributing the pattern to a lack of voter engagement and on-the-ground work . "  There 's something that goes on in presidential elections that we have to get our act together and that 's what we 're going to do , " he continued . He ticked off 11 topics that he said are "  driving the Republican Party " -- a policy list that included health care , the economy , national security , and immigration . Priebus named a number of Republican lawmakers in Washington and governors who have proposed or enacted legislation that would address poverty , education and energy . Among them were Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , Sen. Mike Lee of Utah , and Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin . Gov. Susana Martinez of New Mexico and House Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers , chairwoman of the House Republican Conference . "  One election wo n't fix everything , but we can take a step in the right direction this November , " he said . "  If the American people hire us , we 'll be ready on day one . " The Democratic National Committee , which had staffers at the speech , knocked Priebus ' remarks as simply recycled material . "  Reince Priebus just wrapped up his third rebrand speech for the GOP  not to be confused with his earlier rebrand speech or the one before that  but all we heard was the same old rhetoric that is out of step with reality , " the DNC said in an email blast.â $ `	RNC Chair Reince Priebus wants the party to lose its obstructionist image Priebus : "  I want to talk about the things we 're for . " Priebus spoke Thursday at George Washington University
CNN  -- A fight over books depicting sex and homosexuality has riled up a small Wisconsin city , cost some library board members their positions and prompted a call for a public book burning . A washing machine was part of a July 4 parade float made by a group seeking changes at West Bend 's library . The battle has stirred much of West Bend , a city of roughly 30,000 people about 35 miles north of Milwaukee . Residents have sparred for months on blogs , airwaves and at meetings , including one where a man told the city 's library director he should be tarred and feathered . The row even spread to this year 's Fourth of July parade , which included a float featuring a washing machine and a sign that read "  keep our library clean . " "  If you told me we would be going through a book challenge of this nature , I 'd think , ` Never in a million years , ' " said Michael Tyree , director of the West Bend Community Memorial Library . The strife began in February when West Bend couple Jim and Ginny Maziarka objected to some of the content in the city library 's young-adult section . They later petitioned the library board to move any sexually explicit books -- the definition of which would be debated -- from the young-adult section to the adult section and to label them as sexually explicit . Ginny Maziarka , 49 , said the books in the section of the library aimed at children aged 12 to 18 included homosexual and heterosexual content she thought was inappropriate for youths . She and her husband also asked the library to obtain books about homosexuality that affirmed heterosexuality , such as titles written by "  ex-gays , " Maziarka said . "  All the books in the young-adult zone that deal with homosexuality are gay-affirming . That 's not balance , " she said . The library did not agree with the Maziarkas ' suggestions , and the couple appealed to the library board . Ginny Maziarka , a mother of four , began blogging about the issue and the local newspaper picked up the dispute , sparking the opposition . Maria Hanrahan , also a West Bend mom , set up a rival blog to argue the other side . "  I 'm against any other party telling me what 's appropriate for my child and what is n't , " said Hanrahan , 40 , who also created a West Bend Parents for Free Speech group . "  We do n't mean to say these are appropriate for everyone , but we do n't feel they should be set apart from other materials or restricted from the young-adult section . " By this time , many more people had become caught up in the issue , which was generating heat . When Hanrahan appeared on a local radio , callers attacked her views , she said . "  People were being very passionate on both sides of the issue . I think it divided the community a little bit , " she said . With the debate raging , the city council voted in April against renewing the terms of four library board members , in part because council members thought the board was dragging its feet , library director Tyree said . The Maziarkas were still fighting to have books moved , having identified 82 questionable titles -- more than double their original list . Then they stopped targeting a list of books and circulated a petition that asked the board to label and move to the adult section any "  youth-targeted pornographic books " -- including books that describe sex acts in a way unsuitable for minors . The books could still be checked out freely by anyone . "  We 're not talking about educational material . We 're talking raunchy sex acts , " Maziarka said . One book she objects to is "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower , " in which a fictional teenage boy tells about his freshman year in high school , including rape and homosexual and heterosexual sex between teens . Tyree said book excerpts found on Maziarka 's blog had been taken out of context and , in the case of "  Wallflower , " the criticism missed some of the book 's points . "  In this book , there were consequences of ... rape , of indiscriminate sex . Those were not portrayed so glowingly , " he said . By the time the library board met on June 2 , each side had collected more than 1,000 signatures backing their position . Dozens of residents spoke at the meeting before the board -- still including the outgoing members -- unanimously voted to keep all policies the same . The demand to move the books was always going to be problematic because no authority has determined that any of the titles are pornographic or obscene , Tyree said . Book challenges are n't new . More than 500 were reported in the United States in 2008 , mostly in schools and public libraries , Deborah Caldwell-Stone of the American Library Association said . But this one was attracting extra attention . Caldwell-Stone , who monitored the dispute , said moving any young-adult book to the adult section would have been a form of censorship , even if teens were free to check them out . "  The whole intent was shelving books not on the basis of age or reading ability , but because they disapprove of the content with the intent of restricting access . That 's a burden on First Amendment rights , " Caldwell-Stone said . Outside West Bend , the fight caught the attention of Robert Braun , who , with three other Milwaukee-area men , filed a claim against West Bend calling for one of the library 's books to be publicly burned , along with financial damages . The four plaintiffs -- who describe themselves as "  elderly " in their complaint -- claim their "  mental and emotional well-being was damaged by -LSB- the -RSB- book at the library . " The claim , unconnected to the Maziarkas , says the book "  Baby Be-bop " -- a fictional piece about a homosexual teenager -- is "  explicitly vulgar , racial and anti-Christian . " Braun , who says he is president of a Milwaukee group called the Christian Civil Liberties Union , said he singled out the book because it "  goes way over the line " with offensive language and descriptions of sex acts . The call for burning the book showed his passion , Braun , 74 , said . "  I do n't sit on the fence when I do these things . When I make a decision to speak up on something , I go for it . " The ALA will help the library oppose the claim if it goes forward , Caldwell-Stone said , adding she felt that was unlikely because "  it has very little basis in law . " Back in West Bend , the Maziarkas and their supporters are gearing up for another go at the library , in part because the board now has its four new members . They do not want books burned , but they do want action . "  We want parents to decide whether they want their children to have access to these books ... and we want the library 's help in identifying -LSB- them through labeling and moving -RSB- , " Maziarka said . "  It 's just common sense . "	Wisconsin couple say some books too risque for library 's young-adult section Library refuses request to move some books to adult section , setting up showdown Group not connected to couple files claim against city , seeks book burning Issue sparks debate at meetings and on airwaves and blogs
CNN  -- Celebrities expressed their outrage at Sony Picture 's decision to cancel plans to release "  The Interview " on Christmas Day on Twitter . The news comes after many major theater owners canceled next week 's screenings of the controversial film , which depicts the assassination of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Un . U.S. investigators appeared ready to blame North Korea for the crippling hack attack at Sony Pictures , which saw the leak of internal emails and personal information that escalated to a threat that people should avoid going to theaters where "  The Interview " is playing . When the film was pulled , celebrities vented their disappointment and raised concerns about the precedent it would set for controversial films in the future . Actor Judd Apatow , a friend of one of the film 's lead actors Seth Rogen , tweeted : "  I think it is disgraceful that these theaters are not showing The Interview . Will they pull any movie that gets an anonymous threat now ? West Wing actor Rob Lowe , who also makes a cameo appearance in the film said : "  Wow . Everyone caved . The hackers won . An utter and complete victory for them . Wow . " Stand-up comedian Amy Schumer let it all out in expletives : "  No bulls *** though , this is seriously f ***** and it 's such a sad day for free speech . Frightening . " Actress Mia Farrow called Sony "  a disgrace " and that "  the bad guys won " . Filmmmaker Michael Moore decided to use the opportunity to ask the hackers for a favor . He tweeted : "  Dear Sony Hackers : now that u run Hollywood , I 'd also like less romantic comedies , fewer Michael Bay movies and no more Transformers . " He later added : "  Oh , hackers , one more thing - I lost like $ 180K on -LSB- my film -RSB- ` Canadian Bacon . ' Can u do the opposite of what u just did & get it back IN to theaters ? " Meanwhile , Seth Rogen posted a review of the film earlier this week , but neither he nor James Franco addressed the controversy directly on social media .	Celebrities use social media to express outrage at decision to cancel plans to release controversial film U.S. investigators appear ready to blame North Korea for the hack attack on Sony Controversial comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco depicts the assassination of North Korea 's leader
Iranian and International Atomic Energy Agency officials jointly said Sunday that Iran has agreed to take seven more steps by May to ease international concern over Tehran 's nuclear program . The move , described on the website of the United Nations watchdog group , could be a sign that there has been genuine progress toward achieving a permanent nuclear agreement between Iran and six world powers , including the United States . The parties will start negotiating February 18 in Vienna . The seven steps that Iran agreed to over the weekend with IAEA officials will be implemented by May 15 , 2014 , according to the IAEA . First , Iran will provide "  mutually agreed relevant information and managed access " to the Saghand mine in Yazd , which will give an accounting for the mining and refinement of uranium . Second , Iran will provide information and "  managed access " to the Ardakan concentration plant . Tehran agreed to show updated design information and oblige the IAEA 's safety recommendations for the IR-40 reactor . That 's a heavy-water reactor at Arak , which is of concern because it can be used to produce plutonium . Also , Iran agreed to give information about and allow inspectors to visit Lashkar Ab ` ad Laser Centre and provide information on various source material . The IAEA will also get information and explanations to help it assess Iran 's desire to develop Exploding Bridgewire detonators , which trigger reactions in explosive materials . Report : Iran sending warships toward U.S. maritime borders	IAEA says Iran has agreed to take 7 steps in working with watchdog group Iran will allows "  managed " access to uranium mines in Ardakan The steps could be a positive signal ahead of talks later this month
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Helicopters were bringing 2,000 Mexican troops into the U.S.-Mexican border city of Juarez on Friday to quell a wave of drug-related violence blamed for 200 deaths since January , the city 's mayor said . Mexico has ordered troops to move near Juarez , shown here with El Paso , Texas , in the distance . "  Two rival drug cartels tried to push each other out of the city , " Jose Reyes Ferriz told CNN . Among those killed were about 20 police officers representing the state , the military and the federal and city governments , he said . "  Many -LSB- people -RSB- say the drug cartels targeted specifically the heads of the police departments , " he said . "  The violence got extremely bad in the city . " He said no uninvolved civilians have been injured . "  The two rival drug cartels in Mexico , one 's from the Gulf , one 's from the Pacific -- and Juarez being right down the middle , they tried to push the other one out of the area , " he said . Watch police clash with suspected drug smugglers " Juarez sits across the Rio Grande from El Paso , Texas . The majority of the troops will be based in the city . Defense Secretary Guillermo Galvan said Thursday 2,026 soldiers , 180 military tactical vehicles , three airplanes and more than a dozen drug detection devices would be used in the military operation . Mexican Attorney General Medina Mora stressed that the violence that goes along with drug trafficking is "  not in any way a sign of strength , but a sign of weakness , deterioration and decomposition . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ariel Crespo contributed to this report .	The majority of the troops will be based in Juarez , Mexico Juarez sits across the Rio Grande from El Paso , Texas Drug-related violence has claimed some 200 lives since the beginning of the year Mayor : Two rival drug cartels tried to push each other out of the city
CNN  -- Thinking about death can be frightening , no matter your age or medical condition . As we get older , the reality of our own mortality tends to come into clearer focus ; this does n't make talking about death or life-sustaining treatments any less frightening though . It was fear -- stoked by certain politicians -- that led to the inaccurate and misguided "  death panel " rumors that surrounded health care reform proposals last year . Beginning January 1 , Medicare will reimburse physicians who advise patients , in voluntary discussions , about their preferences for end-of-life care treatment during their annual Medicare "  wellness visit . " This is advance care planning , and it is a good thing for seniors , their families and health care professionals . It 's not new . A law passed in 2008 allowed end-of-life planning to be part of a patient 's "  welcome to Medicare " exam . Health care reform turned the welcome visit into an annual wellness visit . And now regulations clarify that these important discussions will be covered should the Medicare beneficiary wish to take advantage of this opportunity . Advance care planning allows a person to make his or her wishes and care preferences known before being faced with a medical crisis . Advance care planning is simply smart life-planning . Another way to think about advance care planning is that it 's like planning a trip to an unfamiliar destination . If you 're like many people , once you have your destination in mind , you begin mapping the route you will take to get there . Some people consult AAA or Google Maps to help them chart their course . Other people talk to friends and family members about their experiences on their trips . While people approach mapping their route in differing ways , few would expect to arrive at their destination safely and comfortably without having a well-thought out map in hand before hitting the road . Yet only 30 % of Americans have a living will , a map detailing where they want their health care to go should they become unable to voice their wishes . An individual 's personal wishes , beliefs and values are among the most important factors when making care decisions brought about by a serious or life-limiting illness . Such wishes and preferences can be known only if they are discussed openly . Research has shown that patient-physician discussions result in a higher quality of life for patients and their family caregivers facing the end of a life . By having Medicare cover these voluntary consultations , beneficiaries will be able to get information that will help them make their own decisions about their care and what they would or would not want at life 's end . And it 's only appropriate that patients should be able to have these discussions with the very physicians who have been caring for them and that these doctors be compensated for this valuable service . An advance care planning consultation is not about limiting or rationing care . It 's not about hastening death . It 's not about having choices made for the patient . It 's not about saving money . Advance care planning is about examining options , planning and communicating the choices that the individual wants -- either to limit treatments , accept all treatments or something in between . The course charted is decided by individual patients , not their doctors , and certainly not the government . Advance care planning includes completing a living will and appointing a health care proxy . A living will charts the course for your health care , letting your family and health care providers know what procedures and treatments you would want provided to you and under what conditions . A health care proxy or health care power of attorney form allows you to choose someone you trust to take charge of your health care decisions in case you are unable to make those decisions yourself . Advance directives , as these documents are also known , can be changed as an individual 's situation or wishes change . Based on my 35 years of experience running hospice programs and caring for people at life 's end , I know firsthand that frank , open discussions with one 's health care providers can relieve anxiety about a situation that we all will one day face . It makes sense that Medicare help facilitate this important planning . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of J. Donald Schumacher .	Donald Schumacher says many fear talking about how they want end-of-life care handled Some politicians stoked fear with misinformation to try to derail health reform , he says But advanced care planning gives people a say over their care before a crisis , he says Writer : Health care professionals agree Medicare should pay for this sensible planning
CNN  -- The arrest and strip-search of Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade , accused of visa fraud , has sparked questions about the complex , murky system of diplomatic immunity . "  There 's a lot of subjectivity on this stuff , " says CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . Khobragade 's lawyer , Daniel Arshack , says his client is entitled to diplomatic immunity and ca n't be prosecuted under U.S. law , CNN 's Indian sister network IBN reported . But the State Department says Khobragade 's consular immunity does not cover this kind of crime . Now , Khobragade has been moved to India 's Permanent Mission to the United Nations -- where , Indian officials say , she may get full diplomatic immunity . The rules involved are laid out by the State Department in a guidance document for law enforcement and judicial authorities . "  Most of these privileges and immunities are not absolute , and law enforcement officers retain their fundamental responsibility to protect and police the orderly conduct of persons in the United States , " the document states . Members of consular posts , such as Khobragade at the time of her arrest , do not have the same level of immunity as those who work at diplomatic missions . Consular officers have some immunity involving official acts , but their "  personal inviolability " is "  quite limited , " the document says . They may be arrested and detained for alleged felonies , and may be prosecuted for misdemeanors . Their families have no immunity of any kind . Determining what distinguishes an official act from a personal one is often not cut-and-dry . "  No law enforcement officer , State Department officer , diplomatic mission , or consulate is authorized to determine whether a given set of circumstances constitutes an official act. , " the document states . "  This is an issue which may only be resolved by the court with subject matter jurisdiction over the alleged crime . " A consular officer who is charged may argue that the allegations involve official acts . If the court agrees , the case must be dismissed . Khobragade is accused of submitting false documents to obtain a work visa for her female housekeeper , paying her less than the amount stated . It 's unclear whether she 'll argue that the alleged act would be in the performance of her official duties , rather than personal . Some personnel within diplomatic missions would n't have to face such questions . Diplomatic agents , who have the highest level of immunity , "  enjoy complete personal inviolability , which means that they may not be handcuffed  except in extraordinary circumstances  , arrested , or detained , " the State Department document says . "  Diplomatic agents also enjoy complete immunity from the criminal jurisdiction of the host country 's courts and thus can not be prosecuted no matter how serious the offense unless their immunity is waived by the sending state . " In most cases , these kinds of issues are resolved through negotiations , Toobin says . "  The courts rarely get involved . Because the countries have a lot of connections to each other , there 's a lot of interest in both sides in resolving it without recourse at the courts . "	U.S. authorities accuse Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade of visa fraud Her consular immunity does not cover this kind of crime , the U.S. says Her attorney argues that she has diplomatic immunity There 's "  a lot of subjectivity " on such matters , CNN legal analyst says
CNN  -- Think 1960s America and images of hippies , Vietnam protests , the civil rights movement , sexual revolution and drug experimentation will mostly likely spring to mind . "  The Times They Are A-Changin , " Bob Dylan famously sung as counterculture ideas gripped the west 's imagination -- much to the horror of the establishment . Sport was no different , with one of the decade 's most iconic images that of U.S. sprinters Tommie Smith and John Carlos making their gloved Black Power salutes at the 1968 Mexico Olympics , catapulting the issue of American segregation to a worldwide audience . It was no easy ride for U.S. female sporting pioneers in the 1960s either . Jockey Diane Crump faced such vitriol at her first race that the 18-year-old required a full police escort . The first professional female jockey in the U.S. still remembers the mayhem that surrounded her as she took to the Hialeah Park Race Track in Florida in 1969 . The petite teenager with curly brown locks was forced to fight her way through the flashing cameras and jeering crowd to a small office -- the only available space for a female to change . "  The crowd was just swarming all over me . They were crazy , up in arms , " Crump told CNN . "  The hecklers were yelling : ` Go back to the kitchen and cook dinner . ' That was the mentality at the time . "  They thought I was going to be the downfall of the whole sport , which is such a medieval thought . I was like : ` Come on people , this is the 1960s ! ' " Today there are several dozen female jockeys racing professionally in North America , compared with the hundreds of male jockeys who still dominate the sport . Women are making progress -- albeit it slowly -- with Chantal Sutherland becoming the first female jockey to compete in the world 's richest horse race , the $ 10million Dubai World Cup , earlier this year . Speaking from her home in Linden , Virginia , feisty 63-year-old Crump explained half the battle , as she fought to ride professionally , was simply getting male jockeys to compete against her . In 1968 two female riders had been forced to drop out of their races after the male jockeys boycotted the race , even going to the extent of throwing stones at the women 's changing room trailers . "  People were saying we were n't strong enough or smart enough to ride in a pari-mutuel  professional gambling  race , " Crump said . "  They thought it would be dangerous for other people to ride against us because we would n't know what to do under pressure . " It was only when officials threatened to fine or suspend refusenik male jockeys that Diane finally got her chance to compete . The smiley teen dressed in pink silks happily proved the naysayers wrong , riding horse Bridle n Bit to a respectable ninth place in a 12-strong field . "  When I finally got on the horse it was perfect because everyone just cares about the race , " Crump said . "  Everyone cheered me when I came back . Sure , I had a handful of hecklers , but for the most part I never encountered too much trouble from the crowd after that . " As Crump explains , women simply were n't a part of the horse racing world in the 1960s . "  A woman 's place was in the kitchen or caring for the children , " she said . "  The women 's rights movement was happening , but to be honest all I cared about was horses . I just wanted to ride . I marched to the beat of my own drum . "  Yes , I 'm a feminist . But I 've always seen myself as more of an equal rights activist . " Just two weeks after her debut , Crump returned to the track to win her first professional race . In a career spanning three decades , she rode 300 winners , and became the first woman to compete in the prestigious Kentucky Derby in 1970 -- a race that only six women have taken part in since it was first run in 1875 . Crump , who grew up in Oldsmare , Florida , says no one in her family "  had ever even heard of a horse , " let alone the Kentucky Derby , until she began riding at a nearby ranch as a 13-year-old . But even younger brother Bert , who was serving in Vietnam at the time , was glued to his radio for that historic Kentucky Derby race . Bunkered down in his barracks with around 100 other soldiers , Bert cheered on as his sister rode horse Fathom in one of the country 's most famous Derbys , finishing 15th in a field of 17 . Now a grandmother-of-two , Crump still receives hundreds of letters from children every year asking her how it felt to make history that day . "  It was great for me as a rider , as a female and as a person , " Crump said . "  For someone to think I was capable of riding in the Kentucky Derby was a huge step forward . " Crump 's racing career took her to competitions across the world , with her popularity skyrocketing -- in of all places -- in Puerto Rico . She recalls a race in the early 1970s which saw her and a Puerto Rican jockey whipping each other in a fierce battle on the field . While leading the pack , Crump realized the jockey just behind was holding on to her saddle , giving his horse a free ride . In the days before CCTV cameras , Crump did what any jockey would do and get away with -- she got out her stick and whacked him . The pair spent the remainder of the race hitting each other until finally he pulled away in the last leg and won . "  When he came off the track , the women in the crowd blasted him with tomatoes , eggs , anything they could find , " Crump said . "  They were booing their own country 's jockey , threatening bodily harm to him after the race , while I was greeted by cheering , enthusiastic women . " After marrying and the birth of her two daughters , Crump juggled her racing career and family life until a horrific accident in 1992 left her virtually bed-bound for months . "  The horse I was riding fell backwards and I broke my leg in six or seven places . The doctors said I would never ride again , " Crump said . "  But despite the fact I looked like some sort of bionic woman with braces on my legs , I eventually started training again . " She finally retired in 1999 , setting up her own equine sales business . Crump remains pragmatic about her contribution to the industry -- arguing that while things are still not quite equal for female jockeys , they have come a long way since 1969 . "  When I was 16 and first got my exercise rider 's license there was not one other female stable hand . But by the 1990s around half were women , " Crump said . "  Somebody had to open the door . It was n't all down to me but I think I was a big part of that . " She added : "  The mentality in the 1960s was that women were n't smart or strong enough to be jockeys . But I proved that a woman could do the job . "  I like to think I was a little footprint on the path to equality . "	1960s America was a time of shaking up the establishment -- and sport was no exception Diane Crump caused controversy as the first professional female jockey Needed a police escort onto Hilaleah Park Race Track amid swarming hecklers Became first female rider at Kentucky Derby in a career spanning three decades
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Like most college students , Jake McCoy had to apply for several loans to pay for his education . After a rigorous check of his credit , he secured the loans and has been paying them back since graduating from Baylor University in May 2006 . Then , in October 2008 , he received a letter from Baylor with bad news : A laptop computer with his account information had either been stolen or misplaced . "  They told me my information was on it , and that 's pretty much it , " McCoy said . "  I assumed that my information was in good hands ; it was so hard to get the loans that I figured surely they 'd protect it very well . " The university set up a credit monitoring service for McCoy , now a first-year medical student at Baylor . The service expired in a year , and McCoy worries that he 's still at risk for being on the hook for thousands of dollars that someone using his identity could spend . "  The biggest concern is always that you do n't know what someone is going to do with your financial information , " said McCoy . "  I was really worried that someone out there was going to be ruining my credit and how big of a headache it would be to resolve it . " And McCoy is not alone . In March , a portable media device with personal data for more than 3 million people was stolen from Minnesota-based Educational Credit Management Corp. . It is believed to be the largest breach of its kind . The thieves who stole the USB drive , like in other cases , may not commit identity thefts themselves , according to Jonathon Giffin , a system and software security researcher at the Georgia Institute of Technology . "  They may sell the information to others who have the knowledge of making money from those identities , " Giffin said . Most credit card companies and banks offer some recourse if a customer becomes the victim of internet fraud . But when personal information is lost because a company is the victim of crime , it is often unclear who is ultimately responsible . There are U.S. laws that hold companies accountable when major breaches occur , and new legislation is being considered . The Personal Data Privacy Act of 2009 would require companies to notify , in writing , anyone affected by a security breach . Under the act , which is still pending a vote in Congress , companies would also be required to notify major media outlets if there are more than 5,000 people affected by a security breach . The company that carried McCoy 's loans simply provided him with a basic $ 15 credit monitoring service that lasted for one year . "  For me , it 's not a one-year ordeal , " said McCoy . "  If I had ruined my credit , it would have taken me forever to get back on track . One year was a nice gesture , but I definitely wish it would have been more than just a year . " More than 350 million personal records at hundreds of universities , government agencies and businesses have been at risk because of data privacy breaches since 2005 , according to the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse , a nonprofit group that publishes reports on cybercrimes . Sometimes , that 's a result of simple mistakes , and other times , it 's the result of a criminal act . Either way , Giffin says everyone needs to protect their personal identity . "  We can encourage organizations to try to protect our data using mechanisms such as data encryption , so that if a USB drive or a laptop is stolen , the data is encrypted and can not be retrieved , " he said . "  But we would be relying on companies to do that for us . " Encryption causes a slowdown for companies . System users would have to encrypt and decrypt the data every time they access it , which creates extra work , and companies may not have an incentive to pay for safer data . New legislation could change the way companies look at data safety costs . The Data Accountability and Trust Act , which has been passed by the House and awaits a vote in the Senate , would protect consumers by requiring companies to take reasonable measures to protect data containing personal information . If a security breach occurs , companies would be required to provide nationwide notice . But even if the bill is enacted , it may not be enough . Many laws dealing with internet protection have n't always been able to catch up to evolving cybercrimes . But that does n't mean there has n't been any progress in the ongoing battle to protect personal data , according to Adam Palmer , the lead adviser on cybersecurity issues for Norton . "  There are some very good , tough laws right now on both the state and federal level , and there 's a lot of legislation in the pipeline to try to address some of these crimes , " said Palmer , a former cyber-crime prosecutor . But new challenges exist for fighting crime in a virtual world . Palmer says cybercriminals often use sophisticated technology to launch attacks . "  You ca n't go to a crime scene and take pictures and interview witnesses , so it 's in some ways a very old crime that still relates to stealing money , stealing people 's identities , " he said . "  It 's done with such complexities , that makes it very difficult for prosecutors . " Giffin says there has been a significant shift in cybercrime over the last decade , including new techniques such as "  botnets , " which are computers that can transmit viruses to other computers without the knowledge of the owner . Although cybercriminals continue to develop new methods of attack , there are no new ways for users to protect themselves other than what experts have advised for years : • Maintain good security practices • Exercise greater awareness of how your information could be used • Check credit reports • Tell your financial institutions to track your accounts • Report any cybercrimes to law enforcement But even in doing so , consumers -- like McCoy -- still face a potential risk when their personal information is in the hands of others . McCoy says he is more careful with his information , and he hopes that businesses take more precautions with their customers ' personal data . "  It still put that doubt in my mind about how easy it could be for businesses that I trust to lose my information or have it stolen , " McCoy said . "  I do n't know why they were carrying around information on a laptop . I feel like they should be a little more protective with information than that . "	Most credit card companies and banks offer help to victims of internet fraud However , it 's unclear who is responsible when the company is a victim of crime A student loan company lost a laptop with Jake McCoy 's personal data "  I do n't know why they were carrying around information on a laptop , " McCoy said
CNN  -- Last year , the bus in which a young Congolese woman we met named Mary was riding was stopped by a militia . "  They wanted to all have me , to rape me , " she related haltingly to us . "  I told them no , and then they took off my shirt and beat me . I have terrible marks now . " Mary 's story is similar to hundreds of thousands of women 's experiences in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo , where rape is routinely "  deployed " as a weapon of war by the armed groups fighting over a nation that has some of the richest nonpetroleum natural resource deposits in the world . Congo holds the numbing distinction of being home to the deadliest war in the world since World War II -- with more than 5.4 million people killed during the past 15 years . "  This war is caused by the minerals , " Mary told us . "  Those -LSB- armed groups -RSB- control the minerals . I hear that they are used in mobile phones . ... If you talk to Obama or the phone companies , tell them what happens here . " Armed groups in eastern Congo that control minerals , mines and trading routes generate an estimated $ 180 million each year by trading four main minerals : tin , tantalum , tungsten , and gold . This money enables the armed groups to purchase large numbers of weapons and continue their campaign of brutal violence against civilians . Conflict minerals are key components in the manufacture of cell phones , laptops , digital cameras , video games and portable music players . Because of increasing awareness of the links between electronics products and the worst sexual violence in the world , change is afoot . During U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's visit to eastern Congo in August , she said : "  With respect to companies that are responsible for what are now being called conflict minerals , I think the international community must start looking at steps we can take to try to prevent the mineral wealth from the DRC ending up in the hands of those who fund the violence here . " The U.S. Congress has also initiated a strong bipartisan effort to curb the conflict minerals trade . Senate and House bills on this issue represent a significant step toward having conflict-free cell phones and laptops by setting up a system of audits and minerals-tracing mechanisms . This would reveal which phones and laptops contain conflict minerals and which ones do not . Introduced by Sens. Sam Brownback  R-Kansas  , Russ Feingold  D-Wisconsin  and Dick Durbin  D-Illinois  on the Senate side , and Reps. Jim McDermott  D-Washington  , Frank Wolf  R-Virginia  , Barney Frank  D-Massachusetts  and Donald Payne  D-New Jersey  on the House side , the bills already have the support of powerful committee chairmen but still must be moved through committee . With the Obama administration and Congress taking a strong interest in this issue , and activist campaigning building some momentum , companies have begun to react . The tin industry has gone the furthest by introducing an initiative to increase due diligence and trace minerals on the ground in Congo . Electronics companies also have a project under way to map out supply chains . And Intel , HP , Dell , and Motorola are hosting a meeting with activists on conflict minerals in San Francisco , California , this month . But it is not enough . Campus activists -- from New York ; to Knoxville , Tennessee ; to Nevada -- are taking up this issue with increased vigor , along with major faith-based groups , from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to Jewish World Watch . Are the government and company actions taken to date enough to stop the conflict minerals trade from continuing ? The answer is no . Electronics companies must invest in a system to certify that the minerals used in their products are verifiably conflict-free . They must work with their suppliers to trace the minerals back to their mines of origin and have independent audits conducted of these supply chains so that we know with verified proof that none has passed through the hands of armed groups . The Obama administration should help companies develop a certification process for conflict minerals , built on the lessons of the Kimberley Process for blood diamonds . The administration can also help devise a public-private partnership to work with companies , the Congolese government and other key donor countries to help miners in eastern Congo and improve mining inspection and tracing on the ground . Companies and the government can take steps today . For a start , electronics companies should have audits conducted of their supply chains for the minerals . And Congress should pass the conflict minerals legislation , to get tracing started . If you have a cell phone , you can also have an impact . Ask your senator and representative to sign the Congo Conflict Minerals Act  S. 891  and Conflict Minerals Trade Act  H.R. 4128  , and find a creative way to reach your cell phone manufacturer to tell it you want a conflict-free cell phone . The minerals supply chain involves multiple companies , and the war in Congo will not be resolved overnight . But if companies and consumers take a stand and say "  Give us conflict-free products , " we can stop this deadly trade and put real pressure on the armed groups that rape women on a mass scale in eastern Congo . Let Mary 's request not be forgotten . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sasha Lezhnev and John Prendergast .	Lezhnev , Prendergast : Congo "  conflict minerals " fund deadly war in which rape is routine Authors : Gunmen sell minerals used in cell phones , laptops , games to buy weapons Victim : "  If you talk to Obama or the phone companies , tell them what happens here " They say electronics firms must certify minerals are conflict-free , Congress must pass bills
In 1973 , Secretariat won horse racing 's Triple Crown and set records that still stand today at the Kentucky Derby and the Belmont Stakes . Now , 39 years later , the legend has been recognized as having also set a still-standing record at the Preakness Stakes . The Maryland Racing Commission unanimously agreed Tuesday that evidence shows Secretariat 's Preakness time was faster than originally recorded , said the commission 's executive director , Mike Hopkins . Penny Chenery , who owned Secretariat , and Thomas Chuckas , the president of the Maryland Jockey Club , made the request for the commission to review the evidence . The hearing lasted three hours and involved watching digital tapes and video overlays as well as listening to expert testimonies , Hopkins said . The controversy over Secretariat 's time goes back to the 1973 race day . Secretariat 's 1973 Preakness time reviewed The electronic timer at the Preakness recorded a winning time of 1:55  one minute , 55 seconds  . However , two independent clockers from the Daily Racing Form individually timed the race at 1:53 2/5 . Officials at the Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore , where the race is held , admitted that there were "  extenuating circumstances " with the electronic timer 's recording and changed Secretariat 's official time to 1:54 2/5 . If Secretariat had indeed run the 1 3/16 - mile  9.5-furlong  race in 1:53 2/5 , as the Daily Racing Form timed it , it would have meant a record at the time , and one that has been matched but not beaten since . But the commission changed the official time to 1:53 flat , meaning the then-3-year-old set an unmatched best in the race , the second leg of the Triple Crown . "  For me , revisiting this dispute on a new day is matter of resolution -- for historians , for sportswriters and for racing fans , " Chenery said . "  Their voices are supported by sound evidence , and they deserve to be heard . " Modern video technology can be used to settle the controversy , Chuckas said . "  During the last 40 years , video technology has been accepted in other professional sports as a supportive mechanism for officials to ensure fairness and accuracy in their decisions , " he said . "  It is important for horse racing and the record books to confirm the correct time in this historical race . It is the appropriate thing to do . " Animal welfare activists : Horse racing industry needs reform Previously on CNN.com : Union Rags rallies to win 144th running of Belmont Stakes	Officials rule that 1973 winner is Preakness record-holder The official time of 1:54 2/5 was disputed by independent timers Using video evidence commission revises time to 1:53 flat Triple Crown winner now owns the official record time in all three races
London  CNN  -- Police in London said Thursday they have arrested two men as part of an international investigation into computer hacking groups Anonymous and LulzSec . The men , ages 24 and 20 , were arrested in South Yorkshire and Wiltshire , police said . They are suspected of conspiring to commit offenses under the Computer Misuse Act of 1990 . "  The arrests relate to our enquiries into a series of serious computer intrusions and online denial-of-service attacks recently suffered by a number of multinational companies , public institutions and government and law enforcement agencies in Great Britain and the United States , " said Det. Mark Raymond of the Metropolitan Police Service 's Central e-Crime Unit . The name "  Kayla " was used in the suspected intrusions , police said in a statement . "  Denial of service " attacks overload website servers . Hacking groups such as Anonymous and LulzSec have claimed a number of high-profile attacks in recent months , stealing information from the U.S. Senate and Arizona state police websites , as well as data from major corporations like Sony , Bank of America and Nintendo . They 've also successfully blocked access to the websites of Visa , MasterCard , the CIA and several News Corp. newspaper websites . Police in Britain , the United States and elsewhere have made a number of arrests of suspected "  hacktivists " in recent months .	Pair said to be linked to computer hacking collectives Anonymous and LulzSec The groups claim attacks on high-profile targets including banks and intelligence agencies Police have made a number of arrests over the summer
Orlando  CNN  -- The detectives who built the murder case against Casey Anthony said Tuesday they stand behind their evidence but urge the public to respect the jury 's verdict of acquittal . "  In any case -- especially a case with this many witnesses and this much evidence -- you can always look back and improve on what you have done , " Orange County Sheriff 's Office Sgt. John Allen told reporters . "  I do n't know if anybody up here can think of anything we could have done differently that would change the outcome . " Anthony was acquitted last week of killing her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , but convicted of four misdemeanor counts of lying to investigators . The verdict provoked outrage among many who watched the intensely publicized case closely in the three years since Caylee 's disappearance . "  I wish there was something I could say that would bring closure to everyone , but there is n't , " Cpl. Yuri Melich told reporters . "  I just know that , unfortunately , people are going to have to come to their own sense of closure within themselves and understand that as far as this case is concerned , as far as the judicial system is concerned , there 's nothing else we can do . " Anthony , 25 , was given the maximum sentence on each of the misdemeanor counts -- a total of four years . But with credit for the time she has spent jailed since her 2008 arrest , she is slated to be released Sunday . "  I think all of us respect the jury system , and we respect the jury 's verdict , " Allen said . "  I would hope that people who followed us , people in the community , would also respect the jury 's verdict and our process . "  But for us , I certainly do n't have any doubt after working on this , " he said . "  I felt our case was solid . " Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said that despite the "  plethora of chatter " surrounding the controversial verdict , investigators have not received any "  credible threats " to Anthony and wo n't offer any special protection to her upon release . In a case built on circumstantial evidence , prosecutors accused Anthony of using chloroform to render her daughter unconscious , then duct-taping her mouth and nose to suffocate her . They alleged that she put the child 's body in the trunk of her car for a few days before disposing of it . Her lawyers argued that Caylee accidentally drowned in the Anthony family 's above-ground pool , and that Casey Anthony and her father , George Anthony , panicked and covered up the death -- something George Anthony denied on the witness stand . The case began drew national attention in part because Anthony failed to report Caylee missing for a month , during which she moved out of her parent 's home , partied in Orlando nightclubs and shopped . When confronted , she accused a nonexistent nanny of taking the girl . Caylee 's skeletal remains were n't found until December 2008 , six months after she was last seen alive . If her body had been discovered earlier , "  I would like to say that maybe more evidence would have been found , " Allen said . "  But it 's impossible to say . " Anthony 's scattershot defense included challenges to forensic evidence ; allegations that she had been molested by her father ; an attempt to cast suspicion on the meter reader who discovered the girl 's body ; and an unsuccessful attempt to call her own competency to stand trial into question . Ultimately , however , lead attorney Jose Baez argued that the prosecution 's case failed to show how the girl died , and left jurors with "  more questions than you have answers . " Allen said detectives had no evidence beyond "  Casey 's word " that her father had sexually abused her -- an allegation George Anthony also denied in his sometimes-emotional testimony . And Melich said Casey Anthony never said anything about an accident when she was questioned by police about her daughter 's disappearance . "  That would have been her opportunity to say so , had it been , " Melich said . He added , "  Even to this day , I 'm still surprised that she just did n't come off it , she would n't tell us the truth . " "  That 's all we were after , was the truth -- that day , this whole thing could have ended had we known the truth . "	NEW : No "  credible threats " to Anthony despite anger , sheriff says "  I felt our case was solid , " detective tells reporters Casey Anthony was acquitted of killing her daughter last week She is scheduled to be released from jail Sunday
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Philip , the husband of Queen Elizabeth II , is "  responding well " to hospital treatment for a recurrence of a bladder infection , Buckingham Palace said Thursday . It is unclear when he will be discharged , but he is likely to remain in the hospital for a few more days , the palace said . The Duke of Edinburgh was admitted to the Aberdeen Royal Infirmary in Scotland Wednesday afternoon "  as a precautionary measure , " the palace said . The 91-year-old , who first suffered the problem in June , fell ill again as he was staying at the royal residence in Balmoral , Scotland , where the queen traditionally spends part of the summer . It is the third time Philip has been admitted to a hospital in the past eight months . Before the bladder infection , which he initially contracted during events marking the queen 's diamond jubilee , he spent four nights in a hospital over the Christmas holiday last year for treatment of a blocked coronary artery . However , he appeared in good form this week as he fulfilled several engagements on the Isle of Wight , off the south coast of England . The queen and the Duke of Edinburgh also gave a garden party at Balmoral Castle last week . Philip 's next scheduled public appearance is alongside the queen as she opens the London 2012 Paralympic Games on August 29 . He appeared by her side at the opening ceremony for the Olympic Games at the end of July and accompanied her on a visit to the Olympic Park as the events got under way . It has been a particularly busy year for the queen and Duke of Edinburgh because of the many events held to celebrate her diamond jubilee . Addressing Parliament in March , the queen paid tribute to her husband as "  a constant strength and guide " throughout her long reign . The longest-serving consort in British history , Philip married then-Princess Elizabeth in November 1947 at Westminster Abbey . Born the prince of Greece and Denmark on the Greek island of Corfu in 1921 , Philip left Greece with his family when he was 18 months old after King Constantine was forced to abdicate the throne following a revolution . The family moved to Paris and then to England in 1928 . Philip also went to school in Germany . Philip renounced his Greek title when he became a naturalized British subject in 1947 .	NEW : Prince Philip is responding well to treatment for a bladder infection , palace officials say NEW : He is likely to remain in the hospital for a few more days , the palace says The 91-year-old previously contracted a bladder infection in June He was hospitalized over Christmas for treatment of a blocked coronary artery
CNN  -- Global unemployment is rising , with youth feeling the brunt , and companies need to find solutions to set jobseekers on "  a clearer path to success , " according to Coca-Cola CEO Muhtar Kent . "  It 's a matter for government , it 's a matter for business , it 's a matter for civil society , " Kent told CNN 's Richard Quest recently at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . "  It 's a matter for all of us . You can not have a major part of society unhappy because they do n't have anywhere to go to work . That can not continue . " The International Labor Organization , a United Nations agency which oversees global labor standards , reported in January that 5.1 million people will be unable to find a job in 2013 . The ILO forecasts a total of 202 million people around the world will be unemployed this year -- a number equal to nearly two thirds of the entire population of the United States . "  We have to not go into a corner and wait for the storm to pass , " said Kent , who stressed that companies must continue to invest in their businesses . "  Without investment there will not be growth , and without growth there will not be employment . " Despite the 2008 global financial crisis , the eurozone 's sovereign debt challenges and China 's slower-growing economy , Kent says investment can still be justified and points to Coca-Cola 's own recent practices . In June 2012 , Coke announced plans to return to Myanmar after a six decade absence . "  We certainly in the last four , five years have continued to invest in our business ... have seen opportunities for growth all around the world despite all the difficulties in 2008 and 2009 , " he said . "  And I think we look at the future in the next two , three years and we still see opportunities and we still will invest and create more jobs . " In 2012 , developing economies in East Asia , South Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa contributed the bulk of the year 's 4 million newly unemployed , according to the Global Employment Trends 2013 report .	Coke CEO says companies need to help find solution to rising global unemployment ILO predicts 202 million people will be jobless in 2013 , up 5.1 million from 2012 In June 2012 , Coke announced plans to re-enter Myanmar after 60 year absence In 2012 , developing economies in Asia , Africa contributed most to global jobless numbers
CNN  -- Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has nominated a 14-year-old boy who died tackling a suicide bomber outside his school for a top civil award for bravery . Aitazaz Hassan Bangash has been hailed as a hero in Pakistan for the sacrifice he made to protect his schoolmates . The Sitara-e-Shujjat is the same honor awarded to Malala Yousafzai , a Pakistani schoolgirl who survived being shot in the head by the Taliban for her efforts to promote education for boys and girls . A statement from Sharif 's office Friday said Aitazaz 's "  brave act saved the lives of hundreds of students and established a sterling example of gallantry and patriotism . " The nomination follows a campaign on social media for the teenager to be recognized . The ninth-grader was on his way to school Monday in the Hangu district of northern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province when the bomber , dressed in a school uniform , asked him where the school was , the teen 's cousin , Musadiq Ali Bangash said . He and Aitazaz became suspicious , the cousin said . "  The other students backed off , but Aitazaz challenged the bomber and tried to catch him . During the scuffle , the bomber panicked and detonated his bomb , " he said . Aitazaz and the bomber died at the scene . Witnesses say the blast injured two other people . Hangu is a troubled district bordering Pakistan 's tribal areas . It is rife with sectarian violence , with attacks against Shia and Sunni Muslims . "  It was a great sacrifice to save the lives of hundreds of both Shia and Sunni students , who were in morning assembly , " Musadiq said . CNN 's Zahir Shah Sherazi reported from Peshawar , Saima Mohsin from Islamabad and Anna Maja Rappard from Atlanta .	A teenager who died tackling a suicide bomber outside his school is nominated for an award Aitazaz Hassan Bangash has been hailed as a hero in Pakistan for saving his schoolmates Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif says his "  brave act saved the lives of hundreds of students " Teenager 's cousin says Aitazaz challenged the bomber after becoming suspicious
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Turkish troops fired artillery shells into northern Iraq on Wednesday nearly a week after Turkey completed its eight-day ground offensive targeting Kurdish militants , an Iraqi official told CNN . Turkish troops patrol near the border with Iraq during the February offensive . Jabbar Yawer , spokesman for Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government security forces , said at least 16 rounds were fired on Dashti Barzji -- an uninhabited area in Iraq 's Irbil province located about 12 miles from Iraq 's border . Irbil is one of the three provinces compromising Iraq 's Kurdish region . The Turkish military in Ankara had no immediate comment about the report . Yawer said Turkish helicopters were seen in the area during the strike but said that the choppers were not involved in the attack . The border conflict has wider implications for the Middle East and Asia , with the United States concerned that prolonged cross-border fighting would serve to destabilize the region , where Kurdish separatists pose challenges to power in Iran and Syria , as well as Turkey " and Iraq " . The Turkish military for months has been conducting cross-border airstrikes and artillery fire in northern Iraq against members of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK -- militants who have been launching attacks against Turkey from bases in northern Iraq . Turkish troops launched a ground offensive on the evening of Feb. 21 "  to prevent the region from being used as a safe haven by the terrorists and to contribute to the internal peace and stability of Iraq in the long run . " It was the first significant Turkish ground offensive into Iraq since the 2003 overthrow of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , and it ended after Iraqi and U.S. officials urged Turkey to make the foray as brief as possible . A total of 240 rebels , 24 troops , and three village guards were killed , the Turkish military said . The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey , with some of its attacks launched from inside northern Iraq . Turks regard the PKK militants as terrorists and point to indiscriminate PKK attacks against civilians as well as police and military targets over the years . The United States and the European Union also label the PKK a terrorist organization . U.S. officials have shared intelligence with Turkey . The Iraqi government opposes the PKK presence , but it views the Turkish military incursion as a violation of its sovereignty . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq in Baghdad and Talia Kayali in Atlanta contributed to this report	Turkish troops fire artillery shells into northern Iraq At least 16 rounds fired on uninhabited area in Iraq 's Irbil province Latest action comes a week after Turkey completes eight-day ground offensive
Washington  CNN  -- A big bird from the East is heading west , thanks to a second chance at life given by President Obama in the nation 's capital Wednesday , a day before Americans sit down to Thanksgiving dinner . In a holiday tradition , the president pardoned the turkey at the White House , saving it from ending up as Thanksgiving dinner . This is the first turkey pardon for Obama . He appeared at the ceremony with his two daughters , Sasha and Malia . The president granted the pardon to a turkey from North Carolina named Courage . The North Carolina governor 's office Web site says that after the ceremony , the turkey will fly west to Disneyland to participate in the 121st annual Rose Parade on New Year 's Day . Obama thanked the National Turkey Federation for donating this year 's turkeys , Courage and Carolina . Carolina is an alternate turkey who came along in case Courage was unable to fulfill his responsibilities . The president wished a happy Thanksgiving to the American people . "  When my family and I sit around the table tomorrow , " he said , "  just like millions of other families across America , we 'll take time to give our thanks for many blessings , but we 'll also remember that this is the time when so many members of our American family are hurting . " "  There is no question this has been a tough year for America . We 're at war , our economy is emerging from an extraordinary recession into recovery , " Obama said . "  In more tranquil times , it 's easy to notice our many blessings ; it 's even easier to take them for granted . But in times like these , they resonate a bit more powerfully , " the president said . Later during the day , the president and his family will go to Martha 's Table , an organization based in Washington that helps communities in need by donating food , clothing and offering other opportunities . There , they will donate two turkeys for Thanksgiving dinner . The poultry industry has given the White House a turkey each year since the presidency of Harry Truman , but the tradition of officially pardoning a turkey did n't begin until 1989 , when George H.W. Bush took office and pardoned one . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Jamie Crawford contributed to the report .	In a holiday tradition , president saves turkey from ending up as Thanksgiving dinner Courage , a North Carolina bird , is set to go to Disneyland , take part in Rose Parade Obama says that amid war and recession , blessings "  resonate a bit more powerfully " Later , president and family will donate turkeys for aid group 's Thanksgiving dinner
CNN  -- An Italian appeal court has overturned former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's convictions for sex with an underage prostitute and abuse of power . A panel of judges convicted Berlusconi of both charges in June 2013 , sentencing the flamboyant billionaire tycoon to seven years in prison and barring him from holding public office . Prosecutors had argued that Berlusconi had sex 13 times with underage dancer Karima el Mahroug -- known as "  Ruby the heart-stealer " -- and abused his position when he intervened in May 2010 to get her released from jail , where she was being held on charges of theft . They said Berlusconi paid el Mahroug and other young women performing stripteases and erotic actions at "  bunga bunga " parties . Berlusconi said the parties were normal dinner gatherings where no one misbehaved . He denied the charges against him and his attorney told reporters at the time that he would appeal the convictions , arguing that it had not been a fair trial . The billionaire media tycoon claimed he had persecuted by leftist magistrates . "  There are still people who use the penal code as a weapon in their ideological battles , " he said last year . On Friday , Milan Court of Appeal presiding judge Concetta Locurto read his acquittal verdict live on Italian television . Locurto said Berlusconi , 77 , had been acquitted of the charge of abuse of office because the "  the act did not take place " and from prostitution with a minor because the "  facts do not constitute a crime . " Milan 's prosecutor can appeal the verdict to Italy 's Supreme Court , which would make a final ruling in the case . Berlusconi , who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 , is arguably one of the most colorful and controversial figures in the lively history of Italian politics . For years , he has been entangled in fraud , corruption and sex scandals that have often reached Italian courts . Berlusconi was handed a four-year community service sentence last August -- commuted to a year -- for tax fraud at Mediaset , the large commercial broadcaster that he founded . He is is serving that sentence at a hospice near Milan -- where he was for today 's acquittal in the Ruby case .	Prosecutors said Berlusconi had sex with underage dancer called "  Ruby the heart-stealer " Berlusconi appealed his 2013 conviction and Milan 's Court of Appeal acquitted him Friday Judge : One alleged act "  did not take place " ; the facts of another "  do not constitute a crime " Acquittal can be appealed to Italy 's Supreme Court , which would make a final ruling
CNN  -- Shelling hit areas near two key cities in eastern Ukraine on Sunday morning , intensifying fears that a ceasefire that took effect less than two days ago may be falling apart . Why is the ceasefire under strain ? A variety of fighting factions in the conflict zone -- on both sides -- may not fall directly under a military chain of command . The pro-Russian rebels are mostly volunteer militias ; fighting against them on the Ukrainian side are at least some far-right nationalist militias . Controlling these groups is difficult and some may have different aims , including sabotaging the truce . At this point it 's been nearly impossible to figure out who 's doing the firing and why . The conditions of the ceasefire agreement do n't help either . The conditions are vague and at this point there does n't seem to be an effective mechanism in place inside the conflict zone to monitor and enforce the agreement . Why ca n't the two sides ' leaders control their forces ? It 's unclear if Kiev has control over all of the fighting forces in eastern Ukraine . Some of the volunteer militias fighting alongside Ukrainian soldiers are far-right nationalists who 've been critical of the current government in Kiev , but they 're still fighting because they feel Ukraine is under attack by Russia . And who controls the pro-Russian rebels ? Is it the local commanders ? Is it Russian President Vladimir Putin ? None of that is clear . Which side has the most to gain from the truce ? If the truce leads to good-faith negotiations and a compromise , then both sides can gain . A compromise could look like something like this : The pro-Russian region of Donbas gets autonomy and self-determination under a federalized Ukrainian government , and in return the rebels drop their demand for independence and Kiev gets to protect Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . There are elements on both sides that do n't want a compromise , and they could certainly have the potential of undermining the truce . What happens next ? We wait to see if the overnight shellings and firings are an anomaly or if they 're a sign of more violence and more fighting . If the ceasefire sticks , both sides have agreed to hold talks that will address the core issues and demands on both sides that are still unresolved -- including the disarming of the rebels , a guarantee of self-determination for the pro-Russian Donbas region , the fate of Russian-annexed Crimea , constitutional reform , and a solution to the humanitarian crisis in the conflict zone . Obviously if the fighting continues , all bets are off . What effect does this have on the rest of the world ? What happens in the coming days will determine the next move by NATO and Western leaders . If the ceasefire falls apart , the West will likely turn up the pressure by following through with sanctions and bolstering Western forces in NATO 's Baltic-member states . Moscow has already threatened to respond if that happens . The bottom line is , the conflict will escalate and so will the prospects of a regional conflict -- although at this point that seems unlikely .	Shelling in eastern Ukraine raises fears that a ceasefire may fall apart Reza Sayah : It 's been nearly impossible to say who 's doing firing and why It 's unclear who has control over fighting forces on either side in east Ukraine There are elements on both sides that do n't want a compromise
CNN  -- An Arkansas TV station has officially replaced former weatherman Brett Cummins , a month after he was found in a tub next to a dead body , the station 's news director said . KARK has named Keith Monahan , who had been working at KIAH in Houston , as its new chief meteorologist , said news director Rob Heverling . "  As soon as we watched Keith , we knew he was a very good fit , " said Heverling . On the morning of August 7 , Christopher Barbour said he awoke in his home outside Little Rock and found the body of 24-year-old Dexter Paul Williams in an empty tub , his face blue and purple and a chain around his neck , a Maumelle Police Department report said . Cummins , 33 , was asleep next to the corpse , whose head was lying behind the meteorologist 's shoulder , Barbour told police , according to the report . The witness said that he awakened Cummins , who screamed after noticing Williams ' discolored face and cold skin and ran to the living room , where he vomited next to the couch . Days later , Cummins resigned from his job at the Little Rock-based station , his attorney Mark Hampton said . Pulaski County Prosecuting Attorney Larry Jegley said Thursday that his office should know in the coming weeks if any charges will be filed in relation to Williams ' death . The night before the incident , Williams and Cummins arrived together at Barbour 's house , Barbour told police . Once there , the three had drunk alcohol and snorted illegal narcotics , though Barbour could not identify the drugs , according to the report . Maumelle police Lt. Jim Hansard said the manner of Williams ' death remains "  undetermined . " He added that the medical examiner cited several contributing factors , including intoxication with methamphetamine and amphetamines . The investigation remains open , and there is "  no indication  from the medical examiner  in any way that there was a strangulation , " said Hansard .	Keith Monahan to be KARK 's new chief meteorologist , the station says Brett Cummins resigned after being found next to a corpse in an empty tub The incident occurred at a home outside Little Rock , Arkansas The cause of the man 's death is "  undetermined , " say police
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Accused terrorists held at Guantanamo Bay complained of abuse that they said led them to tell their CIA interrogators lies , according to sections of U.S. government transcripts made public on Monday . A detainee walks at Camp 4 detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in May . Suspected al Qaeda figure Abu Zubaydah told a military tribunal in 2007 that he was physically and mentally tortured for months . "  They did not care about my injuries , " said Zubaydah , according to the newly released transcripts , adding , "  doctors told me that I nearly died four times . " When Zubaydah was captured in Pakistan and badly wounded during a shootout in March 2002 , U.S. intelligence officials considered him a major player in al Qaeda . He was treated for his injuries , then later subjected to waterboarding and other harsh interrogation techniques after CIA interrogators said he stopped cooperating with them . According to a Justice Department memo released in April 2009 by the Obama administration , Zubaydah was waterboarded at least 83 times by CIA interrogators in August 2002 . See timeline of events " In the newly released section , Zubaydah said his interrogators discovered "  that I am not number three in al Qaeda . " The transcripts were released in response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union . The Obama administration reviewed the highly redacted portions of the transcripts that were released shortly after the Combatant Status Review Tribunals were held at Guantanamo Bay in the spring of 2007 . The sections made public on Monday still remain heavily blacked out . See key players in interrogation policy " Khalid Sheik Mohammad , the self-proclaimed mastermind of the 9/11 attacks , told the military panel he made up stories when tortured . In broken English , Mohammad told of being questioned about the location of Osama bin Laden . "  Where is he ? I do n't know , " said Mohammad . "  Then he tortures me . Then I said yes , he is in this area ... " Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri , accused of plotting the attack on the USS Cole that killed 17 Americans in 2000 , said his interrogators "  drown me in water , " apparently in reference to the times he was subjected to waterboarding . According to the transcripts , he claimed he was able to run 10 kilometers  6.2 miles  before he was detained , "  now , I can not walk more than 10 minutes . " ACLU Attorney Ben Wizner said in a statement that the documents "  provide further evidence of brutal torture and abuse in the CIA 's interrogation program and demonstrate beyond doubt that this information has been suppressed solely to avoid embarrassment and growing demands for accountability . " Wizner said the ACLU will go back to court to seek the full release of all of the documents . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Mike Ahlers and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Sections of U.S. government transcripts on Guantanamo made public Monday Released sections still remain heavily blacked out ; ACLU to seek full disclosure Khalid Sheik Mohammad tells military panel he made up stories when tortured Suspected al Qaeda figure waterboarded at least 83 times by CIA in August 2002
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Three years ago Tuesday , Leslie Marva Adams , an attractive , 40-year-old hair stylist from Atlanta , Georgia , chatted on the phone with her mother in the morning . Leslie Adams , 40 , filed a restraining order against an old boyfriend and disappeared three years ago . It was the last conversation she would have with a family member . On the third anniversary of Adams ' disappearance , her family is still waiting for answers . Her daughter , Cierra Burk , 19 , clings to the belief that Adams is alive . "  We will find her , " Burk says . The family became concerned when Adams failed to show up for her sister 's birthday party the day after she talked on the phone with her mother . Two days after the missed party , Adams was officially reported missing . At her apartment in suburban Lilburn , police found evidence suggesting foul play -- a 12-inch blood stain near her bed and a .45 - caliber bullet casing . Adams ' car was parked in her driveway and a handwritten note was found on her door . Investigators soon learned the note was from her sister , Roberta . It said , "  Leslie , we 're worried about you , please call me as soon as possible . " Watch how the mystery began with a missed party " Adams had been having trouble with her ex-boyfriend , Billy Joe Cook , in the days leading up to her disappearance . She had accused him of stalking her and had filed a restraining order . In the court document , she alleged that Cook had verbally and physically abused her . She said she feared for her life . A temporary restraining order was granted by the court , but Adams vanished before a scheduled hearing on the matter . Phyllis Adams said her daughter told her in their final conversation that she had argued with Cook over the phone on the previous day . According to the temporary restraining order , Cook was not to have any contact with Adams . Police brought Cook in for questioning and learned he had spoken to Adams on the phone twice the day before she last spoke to her family . Although he was questioned extensively , police have not named Cook a suspect . Police say he was very cooperative and there is no evidence suggesting his involvement in her disappearance , although they have not ruled him or anyone else out as a potential suspect or person of interest . Just when they thought the trail had gone cold , police found what could be a lead in the case . In May 2007 , clothing was recovered that could belong to the missing hair-dresser . Police found a pair of men 's size 8 Reebok sneakers , size 10 capri pants , and a black sweater in the woods along I-85 in Franklin County , 90 miles from Adams ' home in Atlanta . They also discovered human bones and a breast implant near the clothing . Police have sent the remains to a DNA testing lab and they have yet to be identified . The results are inconclusive , and police continue to collect DNA samples from Adams family members for future tests . Leslie Marva Adams is an African-American female who stands 5 feet 5 inches , weighs 130 pounds , and has breast implants . Family members fear the remains could be Leslie Adams , but they are still hopeful that she will be found alive and well . Burk , Adams ' daughter , says she struggles with her emotions at this time of year . "  I still believe she is alive and we will find her , but this time of year is very hard , " she said , fighting the tears . "  It 's my aunt 's birthday , the day my mom did n't show up and we never saw her again , so it 's hard not to break down . " Police and family urge anyone with information on the whereabouts of Leslie Adams to call the Gwinett County Police Department at 770 513-5300 . There is a $ 25,000 reward for information that helps locate Leslie Adams or leads to the arrest of the person responsible for her disappearance .	Atlanta hair stylist Leslie Marva Adams disappeared three years ago She failed to show up at her sister 's birthday party Adams had taken out a restraining order against an ex-boyfriend Police continue with DNA tests to determine if skeletal remains are hers
CareerBuilder.com  -- Just as the riskiest financial investment strategy is to have all of your money in one place , the riskiest career management strategy is to have all of your income from one organization unless you are in a critical role and have skills that are difficult to find in the labor market . To enjoy job security and professional fulfillment in this new employment reality , you should have a "  portfolio career " that includes multiple and simultaneous income streams or "  career acts . " Career acts can include an eBay business , part-time job , profitable hobby , nonexecutive board seat , franchise , authored book , affiliate links on your blog , weekend jazz trio , etc. . Here are 10 tips for managing career acts in a portfolio career : Diversify Start maximizing your talents to generate broad-based income streams . Some career acts can be slow and steady sources of income , while others can be higher-risk with higher potential reward . Professions such as nursing or teaching science are low-risk sources of guaranteed income , whereas starting a small business has a higher risk , with potential for a much higher reward . Invest intelligently To build income-generating career acts , you will need to invest in yourself , your business , your network and the like . You may need , for example , to return to school for a degree or training program , to invest in equipment or supplies , or to attend a conference or some other networking event . Manage the financial risk incurred by being realistic about your talents and abilities and making sure you have the tenacity and effectiveness to take full advantage of your investments . Actively manage your portfolio Your career acts will need different investments and have different trajectories for growth . Today 's careers are actively self-managed . Invest prudently Start protecting your time and your discretionary spending , as you may need both to start a new career act . Maintain high ethical standards Do not add career acts that a reasonable supervisor would n't consider or that would use company time or resources for your private gain . At the same time , remember that you did not take a vow of poverty when you became employed . Sell high Many people actively manage how they enter an organization but passively manage their exit , often waiting for a layoff , reorganization or something else to force their departure . If you work for an unsupportive supervisor , have no opportunities for growth or dislike what you are doing , start planning your exit while you still have an income stream . Know your tolerance for risk Entrepreneurship is not right for everyone . Find a mix of career acts that do not add anxiety to your life and that align with your talents . Trust your hunches Do not let anyone tell you that you lack focus or should get serious about one career . Careers today are moving further away from the traditional 40-hour-per-week employer to more self-directed opportunities for generating income . Understand the data Speak with multiple people who occupy any career act you would like to have . There are often different ways to achieve the same career goal . Some ways may take less time and less money but produce the same result . Seek advice Often people have a hard time understanding ways they can use their talents and abilities . Speak to trusted friends or advisers who know you well and want to see you succeed about what they see you doing . You will be surprised at how well others can spotlight your talents and give you ideas . A well-managed portfolio career can provide greater income , personal fulfillment and professional security . What income-generating opportunity can you create for yourself that would use your talents and skills , in a way you would like to work ? Make a plan and start growing your amazing portfolio career . Paula Caligiuri , Ph.D. is the author of "  Get a Life , Not a Job : Do What You Love and Let Your Talents Work for You "  FT Press  . She is a work psychologist and Professor at Rutgers University . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Expert : Do n't bet your financial future on one income from one company Career acts : An eBay business , profitable hobby , nonexecutive board seat , franchise Invest in yourself by returning to school , your network by attending a conference Plan your exit if you work for an unsupportive supervisor or hate your job
CNN  -- A double-deck commercial bus overturned on Interstate 65 south of Indianapolis early Tuesday , injuring at least 26 people and temporarily stopping traffic on the northbound lanes , Indiana State Police said . The bus , operated by interstate carrier Megabus , was headed from Atlanta to Chicago when the driver attempted to avoid a vehicle involved in a previous accident in rainy conditions in Greenwood , about 12 miles southeast of downtown Indianapolis . A vehicle then struck the bus , causing the bus driver to lose control , and the bus came to rest on its side , state police Sgt. Shawn O'Keefe said . At least six people were seriously injured , and at least 20 others had less serious injuries , O'Keefe said . The crash happened at about 4:30 a.m. , said Sean Hughes , corporate affairs associate director for Coach USA North America , which operates Megabus . "  We understand that a number of passengers who were on board the coach at the time have been taken to hospital . Our first thoughts and best wishes are with everyone involved , " Hughes said . "  We will providing assistance and support for all of our customers involved in this incident . "	Police : At least six people suffered serious injuries The bus was headed from Atlanta to Chicago when it crashed south of Indianapolis Police : Bus driver was trying to avoid previous accident
CNN  -- Google on Thursday released its latest candy-themed mobile operating system : Android 4.4 , more deliciously known as Kit Kat . The system will launch immediately on Google 's new Nexus 5 phone and then roll out to other Nexus devices , the Samsung Galaxy S4 and HTC One , in the next few weeks . Nexus devices are Google 's flagship line of phones and tablets , running the newest and purest form of Android and available without contracts . The Nexus 5 , manufactured by LG , is built to work internationally on a variety of bands and with whatever local SIM card you pick up , though Verizon 's band is still not supported . Physically , the 5-inch Nexus is a bit thinner and lighter than the previous generation , while packing a faster Snapdragon 800 processor . It has optical image stabilization and a new HDR camera feature for combining multiple exposures into a single photo , lightening up dark areas and bringing details back to images blown out by a flash . The Nexus 5 is available online today in 10 countries and will be available in retail stores like Best Buy . It 's a wider rollout than for previous generations of Nexus phones . The 16 GB version will cost $ 349 without a contract and the 32 GB version will go for $ 399 , also without a contract . The phone also will be the first to have the new Kit Kat features , many of which attempt to break down the walls between web , search , apps and communication tools . The phone app -- widely neglected since Android smartphones first came out -- gets more search power in Kit Kat , pulling in search results for business as well as your usual roster of contacts . Incoming calls from business are recognized automatically in caller ID , while pulling data from the same database that powers Google Maps . Kit Kat also adds support for third-party cloud services like Box so you can see files stored on the device and in the cloud . Google Hangouts absorbs SMS and MMS messages , so your chats , video calls and texts are all together in one place . Google Now , the company 's app for serving up answers to questions you have n't even asked yet , is adding new categories . It can deduce your interests based on your web searches -- say , "  The Walking Dead , " or corgis -- and add a card to Google Now with the latest information about those interests . If there 's a specific site you check a lot that is only sporadically updated , Google Now might alert you to new posts when they happen . It 's also tapping the power of crowds . Google Now knows your location , and Google knows what people at that exact spot during that time are most likely to search . For example , someone standing in front of Old Faithful at Yellowstone might search for a schedule of when the geyser is going to erupt . Google Now will automatically show you the times without your searching . Google Search on Kit Kat is not limited to content from the web . Google is starting to index content deep inside of individual apps , so if you search for a recipe it might show a web page and a link to a cooking app you already have installed . For now , it will only work with installed apps , but Google says its working on adding support for apps in the Google Play store , which could be a clever way to sell more apps . Kit Kat is also Google 's attempt to address one the bigger problems plaguing Android : OS fragmentation . Low-end Android devices are big sellers in emerging markets like China and India , but because of their limited memories and pokey processors , they typically run older versions of the Android operating system , like Gingerbread . The decision of what version of Android to ship on these devices is up the manufacturers . But Google is trying hard to make its newest OS more appealing for these markets by upgrading it to use less processor power and memory .	Google is rolling out its new Android mobile operating system , called Kit Kat The OS will make its debut on new Nexus 5 smartphone , which went on sale Thursday Kit Kat adds new search and Google Now features and is optimized to work on slower phones
Some documents in the JonBenet Ramsey case will be unsealed on Friday despite the objections of her father . A judge in Colorado on Wednesday ordered the release of 18 pages that were sealed after a grand jury went home in 1999 without charges being filed . In January , the Boulder Daily Camera , citing unidentified jurors as well as an assistant district attorney , said the grand jury had actually voted to indict JonBenet 's parents on charges of child abuse resulting in death , but the district attorney decided not to move forward with the case . "  We do not have sufficient evidence to warrant the filing of charges , " then-Boulder County District Attorney Alex Hunter said in 1999 . He did not sign the indictment , according to the Daily Camera . There will be nine pages on John Ramsey and nine pages on Patsy Ramsey released this week , according to the order from Judge J. Robert Lowenbach . The Daily Camera reported Wednesday the release was a response to a lawsuit by one of its reporters and the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press seeking the unprosecuted indictment . In 2008 , then-District Attorney Mary Lacy wrote a letter to Ramsey , saying that new DNA evidence had cleared him , his wife and son . John Ramsey 's attorney had written a letter last week to District Attorney Stan Garrett , requesting the documents be kept secret . "  Public release of the allegations of an unprosecuted indictment only serves to further defame  John Ramsey  and his late wife Patricia Ramsey , " wrote Harold Haddon . But Lowenbach said state law requires official actions by the grand jury to be released . Ramseys ' attorney : Grand jury ` likely confused ' about JonBenet "  The court is sympathetic to the position of Mr. Ramsey but has nonetheless concluded that as an ` official action ' of the grand jury , the ` indictment ' ... . must be released , " he wrote . Lowenbach denied Haddon 's request to release all documents , saying it would set a precedent and hinder future grand juries from performing their jobs . On December 26 , 1996 , Patsy Ramsey said she discovered a three-page ransom note in her Boulder home . Police came and , later that day , found JonBenet 's beaten and strangled body in the family 's basement . The parents insisted an intruder killed their 6-year-old pageant queen , but no one was caught and no description was given . In time , the focus of Boulder police turned to the parents . Investigators did n't find any sign of forced entry . A paintbrush from her mother 's hobby kit was used to tighten the rope that choked JonBenet . And the alleged ransom note was written from paper inside the house and referenced little-known details about the family 's past and its finances . Despite the suspicions , the Ramseys were never named as suspects . But they were a focus of the grand jury , which first convened in September 1998 . They heard from dozens of witnesses , considered 30,000 pieces of evidence . The district attorney 's office , then led by Lacy , took over the case from Boulder police in 2002 . Patsy Ramsey died from ovarian cancer in 2006 at the age of 49 . Timeline : JonBenet Ramsey murder	The 6-year-old girl was killed at home in 1996 Boulder newspaper reported grand jury voted to indict the parents Paper says it sued to have the indictment unsealed Father wants court to keep documents sealed , or release everything
CNN  -- Formula One outfit Force India will auction a specially customized car next week in order to raise money for charity and the team 's driver academy . The "  art car " was driven by Italian Giancarlo Fisichella for 16 races during the 2008 season and has been decorated by motorsport artist Dexter Brown . The vehicle has also been signed by a host of F1 stars , from current drivers including McLaren 's 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton and Ferrari 's two-time title winner Fernando Alonso , to legendary past champions such as Briton Jackie Stewart . Proceeds from the sale , which are expected to be in excess of $ 239,000 , will be split between the Great Ormond Street Children 's Hospital in London and the UK-based team 's own initiative aimed at finding and developing driving talent in India . Aircraft canopies the future of motorsport safety ? "  When I was approached to paint an art car , I was immediately excited by the project as it 's the first time I 've had the chance to work with a modern Formula One car , " said Brown , who has been involved in motorsport art for three decades . "  Painting the car was an interesting challenge because I had to work around the complex bodywork . It 's great to be involved in such a unique project and I look forward to seeing how much it can raise for these two great causes . " Force India 's finances have recently been boosted by a $ 100 million injection from new part-owners Sahara , after team principal Vijay Mallya sold 42.5 % of his stake . "  Seeing one of my Formula One cars transformed into a painting is a wonderful initiative that combines two of my greatest passions : cars and art , " billionaire Mallya said . The car , which has been stripped of its F1 engine , will be sold in Battersea , London on Wednesday .	F1 team Force India will auction a customized car for charity The car was driven by Giancarlo Fisichella in the 2008 season Motorsport artist Dexter Brown has painted the "  art car " The car has also been signed by F1 legends past and present
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Even in the midst of Japan 's deepest economic recession since World War II , the country 's love hotel industry is thriving . The Style A hotel in Tokyo offers amenities . "  I 'd hate to use the term "  recession-proof , " but it 's certainly proven very resilient over the last six to nine months , " said Steve Mansfield , CEO of New Perspectives , which operates six love , or "  leisure , " hotels in Japan . One of them , the Bonita Hotel in Isawa , boasts a 257 percent occupancy rate . Rooms can be rented for three to 24 hours . Mansfield 's company estimates the industry in Japan pulls in $ 40 billion a year in revenue . "  It 's a natural human desire . Even these days , on the weekend , every love hotel is full of people -- it 's hard to get in . You can never stop sexual desire , " said a woman with her boyfriend in Tokyo , who laughed in embarrassment when asked for her name . Love hotels fill a need for privacy in a country where high population density often means couples have little time alone . Rooms offer a broad assortment of features , including karaoke machines , PlayStation game consoles , DVD players , a variety of cosmetics , customized condoms and indoor-outdoor Jacuzzis . Watch Morgan Neill 's report from inside a love hotel " Though required by law to have a front desk , most can be rented and entered without talking to a clerk . The days of Japanese being ashamed to enter love hotels are coming to an end , though , Mansfield said . "  Seventy-five percent of our guests are members of our points program , " he said . "  They carry our points cards , they collect points and they receive gifts . That 's something people are very comfortable with , and I think that reflects the customers that we attract . " Takashi Yamamoto , who designs love hotels in Tokyo , agreed . "  The bad image that love hotels had has faded over time . Also , customers started to raise their voices and became more selective about choosing hotels . In response , management has improved . " The flashiest love hotels are found in Osaka , including a Hello Kitty-themed hotel and one with a room featuring a merry-go-round . Tokyo hotels tend to be tamer , focused on winning customers with amenities . The Style A Hotel , for example , offers a suite for $ 190 that includes a full-size Jacuzzi and a private sauna . Though young couples make up the majority of customers , they are not the only ones . One man , who declined to be named , said : "  I go to love hotels when I 'm drunk and do n't feel like going home . " Whatever the reasons , the hotels have been doing well enough that Mansfield recently went to London , seeking investors to expand . "  The industry has 25,000 hotels , and through our research we 've worked out that 90 percent of owners have five or fewer hotels , " he said . That fragmentation is a structural inefficiency in the market , he said , one he would like to help correct .	Industry has 25,000 hotels , says Steve Mansfield , CEO of a love hotel operator Venues include a Hello Kitty-themed hotel ; another has a merry-go-round in a room Mansfield : the industry pulls in some $ 40 billion dollars a year in overall revenues Most customers are young people ; flashiest hotels found in Osaka
London , England  CNN  -- Former Bosnian leader Ejup Ganic will not be extradited to Serbia , a British court ruled Tuesday , setting him free . Ganic called the extradition request "  a textbook example of abuse , " accusing the Serbian government of trying to "  undermine the judiciary in this country . " The extradition request was politically motivated , Justice Timothy Workman found in throwing it out . "  No striking or substantial new evidence " was brought against him , the judge ruled . Ganic , who was arrested at England 's Heathrow Airport in March at Serbia 's request , is wanted in Serbia for conspiracy to murder in breach of the Geneva Conventions , a spokesman at Britain 's Foreign Office said . Ganic 's lawyer , Stephen Gentle , denied that he had any role in the 1992 killings in question . In April , Gentle said that "  the extradition request is politically motivated . It is legally flawed , and he has nothing to hide . " Ganic was the vice president of Bosnia during the civil war there between 1992 and 1995 and was twice president of the Bosnian-Croat Federation in the years following the 1995 Dayton peace agreement . Many independent commentators at the time regarded Ganic as a relative moderate in the wartime Bosnian leadership . Though Bosnian , Ganic was born in Serbia and speaks with a recognizable Serbian accent . He holds dual nationality in the former Yugoslav republics . He is leaving London for Sarajevo on Wednesday , he said . CNN 's Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	NEW : Serbia 's government "  tried to undermine the judiciary in this country , " Ejup Ganic says The extradition request was politically motivated , the judge finds Former Bosnian leader will not be sent to Serbia Ganic is wanted in Serbia for alleged 1992 war crimes
CNN  -- Nevada wo n't defend its ban against same-sex marriage , saying its legal position has been "  undermined " in a series of rulings that began last June with a historic U.S. Supreme Court ruling recognizing gay marriages . The state 's decision comes in a case filed by eight same-sex couples represented by the gay rights group Lambda Legal . The case challenged Nevada 's constitutional amendment banning marriage for gay and lesbian couples , the group said . A federal court judge dismissed the suit in 2012 at Gov. Brian Sandoval 's request , but Lambda Legal appealed that ruling to the federal 9th Circuit Court of Appeals . Since then , the U.S. Supreme Court struck down a key part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act that had denied to legally married same-sex couples the same federal benefits provided to heterosexual spouses . A subsequent 9th Circuit Court ruling in an unrelated case persuaded Nevada to abandon its defense of the gay marriage ban , Nevada officials said . That recent case involved a preemptory challenge to strike a prospective juror in a trial because he was gay , but the 9th Circuit ruled that discriminatory classifications based on sexual orientation must receive heightened scrutiny and should be presumed unconstitutional , Lambda Legal said . "  After thoughtful review and analysis , the state has determined that its arguments grounded upon equal protection and due process are no longer sustainable , " Nevada Attorney General Catherine Cortez Masto said in a statement Monday . Gov. Sandoval agreed with the attorney general 's decision to drop its defense of the gay marriage ban . "  Based upon the advice of the attorney general 's office and their interpretation of relevant case law , it has become clear that this case is no longer defensible in court , " Mary-Sarah Kinner , a spokeswoman for the governor , said Tuesday . A Lambda Legal attorney praised the governor 's decision . "  The governor has recognized that the writing is on the wall , and that arguments seeking to perpetuate discrimination are becoming extremely difficult to justify , " Lambda Legal Senior Attorney Tara Borelli said in a statement . "  Denying marriage to same-sex couples serves no legitimate state interest and is intended solely to perpetuate discrimination . " The state 's withdrawal leaves only the Coalition for the Protection of Marriage , which a lower court allowed to intervene , defending the marriage ban in federal appeals court , Lambda Legal said . The coalition was n't immediately available for comment Tuesday . U.S. expands legal benefits , services for same-sex marriages CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	Series of court rulings prompt Nevada to stop defending ban against gay marriage The state 's arguments "  are no longer sustainable , " says attorney general Governor adds the state 's "  case is no longer defensible in court , " spokeswoman says Lambda Legal , whose clients challenged ban , praises state 's decision
San Diego  CNN  -- For many children fighting cancer , it can be extremely tough to make it to their chemotherapy appointments . Two-year-old Sisi Johnson has neuroblastoma and must travel as much as six times a week to Rady Children 's Hospital in San Diego . But her mother does n't have a car , and Sisi 's compromised immune system means public transportation is off-limits . That 's where Richard Nares comes in . Nares , who lost his son , Emilio , to cancer in 2000 , started a program called "  Ride With Emilio " to provide transportation for low-income families and their children battling cancer . "  No child should miss their cancer treatment due to lack of transportation , " Nares says . Sisi is now one of hundreds of patients who receive free rides to and from treatments . "  They help me out so much , " says Silvia Johnson , Sisi 's single mother of two who receives eight to 10 rides per week . "  They 're very clean , they 're sanitized ... they are always organized and on time . I do n't know what I would do without them . " Nares knows firsthand what these families are going through . In March 1998 , his 3-year-old son was diagnosed with leukemia , thrusting the family into a world of constant treatments , hospital visits and tests . Fortunately , he and his wife had a large support system , flexible jobs and understanding employers . "  We had rides to the hospital to bring Emilio , " he said . "  We had our brothers and sisters and neighbors bring us hot meals . " But Nares met many families along the way who did n't have such support : Single moms forced to take leave from jobs without pay , kids having to ride the bus alone to their chemotherapy appointments , siblings left home alone . Nares said it broke his heart . "  It 's extremely tough , not just emotionally , but now financially , " he said . "  Sometimes , both parents have to either leave their job or cut back severely . Some ... do n't have  an  extra $ 10 to pay for cafeteria food . " When Emilio died , his father decided he had watched too many people struggle . He went back to Rady Children 's Hospital , where Emilio had received most of his treatment , and asked how he could help . "  Transportation , " they said . So Nares started picking up families in his old Buick . "  I was going every day , picking up families all over the county , " he said . Soon , however , Nares could n't handle the number of requests that were coming in . So he teamed up with nurses and social workers from Rady to create a formal transportation program . He hired a driver , formalized a schedule for pickups and drop-offs and started the Emilio Nares Foundation in 2003 . One of the first children Nares helped was a 1-year-old boy with a brain tumor who required frequent chemotherapy treatments . With no car , the boy 's mother had to leave her home at 4 a.m. and take four buses to get her son to an 8:30 a.m. appointment . "  It was over four hours one way by bus , " Nares said . "  And after the whole day of chemotherapy , it was the same amount of time back . " Nares and his foundation stepped in , saving them a significant amount of travel time each day . Today , Nares ' group provides more than 2,500 rides a year , traveling more than 70,000 miles . It operates out of Rady and Orange County Children 's Hospital . In addition to the free rides , Nares ' nonprofit provides support services and assistance to its clientele , many of whom do not speak English . Nares ' group offers translation services and an on-site resource center at Rady to help them navigate the often-complex insurance systems , legal issues and medical diagnoses . "  Most of the families that we 're dealing with are not just low-income , but they are living in poverty , " Nares said . On Saturday , Nares will begin his "  Richard Runs California " fundraiser to help children fighting cancer . He will run 700 miles over 30 days , starting in San Francisco and ending in San Diego . He says his work not only saves children 's lives , but it keeps Emilio 's memory alive as well . "  He really is the force , " Nares said . "  Even though he 's been passed away almost 13 years , it 's still like he 's with me . Like he 's still on my shoulder or still pulling my ear like he used to . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Emilio Nares Foundation website at www.enfhope.org and see how to help .	Richard Nares organizes free rides to the hospital for poor children with cancer Many children and their families find it difficult to get reliable , affordable transportation Nares lost his own son , Emilio , to leukemia in 2000 : "  It 's like he 's still with me "
The National Federation of Independent Business is one of the most influential small-business advocacy groups in the country . They battle against government regulation , higher taxes and , perhaps most famously , Obamacare . And they do it all as the self-described "  voice of small business . " But it turns out that the champions of Main Street America got more money last year from a group backed by billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch than any other single source . NFIB and its affiliated groups received $ 2.5 million from Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce , a conservative advocacy group with deep ties to the Koch empire . Of the five men that sit on the group 's board , four are current or former employees of Koch companies and one is a friend of Charles Koch 's . Freedom Partners gave the NFIB $ 1.5 million last year , the biggest single contribution the federation received , according to tax records . The Koch-backed group gave three other NFIB-affiliated group another $ 1 million , making Freedom Partners among the top two biggest contributors to those groups , records show . The big-money donations are raising questions about whose agenda NFIB is serving , that of mom-and-pop businesses or the captains of big industry . Lisa Gilbert of the government watchdog group Public Citizen said the NFIB is "  taking the name of small business in vain . " "  The idea that Koch brothers money in some way is going to help small businesses is laughable , " Gilbert said . "  What they 're buying is the ability to help set the agenda . " And that agenda has included taking the lead on the lawsuit challenging Obamacare  NFIB v. Sebelius  that went to the U.S. Supreme Court . They also opposed increasing income tax rates on people making $ 250,000 or more , even though the vast majority of small businesses are n't affected by the rate hike . NFIB spokeswoman Jean Card said the organization brings in the bulk of its revenue , about $ 86 million , from dues its 350,000 members pay . Members , she said , set the group 's agenda . Any suggestion to the contrary , is "  simply not true . " "  We do what our members tell us to do . We 've been doing it since 1943 , " she said . On taxes , the organization asked its members in 2010 if the federal government should extend all the Bush-era individual tax rates , 89 % said yes . In November 2010 they asked members if Congress should repeal the Affordable Care Act and 93 % said yes , Card said . Freedom Partners advocates for lower taxes and supports NFIB 's work on reducing government regulations , group spokesman James Davis said . Many of the group 's more than 200 members started small businesses . "  Freedom Partners , many of the businesses that are represented -- and I ca n't prove this to you because I 'm not going to give you a list of our businesses -- but they are small businesses , " he said . "  They are n't publicly traded companies . " Robert Tappan , a spokesman for Koch Industries , said the company 's roots are as a small business . "  Koch supports small businesses all over the country through our relationships with our vendors and suppliers and we support wholeheartedly the fundamental mission of NFIB -- principled entrepreneurship , " he said . This is n't the first time NFIB has taken money from big corporate interests . In 2011 , NFIB took $ 850,000 from the nation 's top insurance industry trade group as part of a campaign to repeal a key Obamacare tax . The back-channel transfer by America 's Health Insurance Plans to the NFIB allowed insurers to fund a much more politically popular ally in the fight against a tax on health care premiums .	National Federation of Independent Business advocates for small business However , it got $ 2.5 million from a group backed by the industrialist Koch Brothers Lisa Gilbert of Public Citizen : NFIB is "  taking the name of small business in vain " NFIB spokeswoman : Bulk of group 's $ 86 million revenue comes from 350,000 members
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Four men have been arrested in connection with the shooting death of NFL player Sean Taylor , authorities announced Friday evening . Police have more than one confession in the case and the individuals will be charged with murder , said Robert Parker , director of the Miami-Dade Police Department . The suspects were identified as Venjah K. Hunte , 20 ; Eric Rivera Jr. , 17 ; Jason Scott Mitchell , 17 ; and Charles Kendrick Lee Wardlow , 18 . Additional arrests are possible , Parker said . "  The key to solving this case was citizen 's tips , " he said . Taylor , 24 , died Tuesday , a day after he was shot during an apparent burglary at his Miami home . The police investigation revealed the suspects thought the house was empty , Parker said . "  They were certainly not looking to go there and kill anyone , " he said . "  They were expecting a residence that was not occupied , so murder or shooting someone was not their initial motive . ... Their obvious motive was to go there and steal the contents of the house . " The men knew Taylor lived at the house , Parker said . At 1:45 a.m. Monday , Taylor 's girlfriend , Jackie Garcia , called 911 and said someone had been shot . Authorities have said she told police she was hiding under the bedding during the attack . Garcia did not see what happened and could not provide a suspect description , Parker told reporters on Wednesday . Police said Garcia and Taylor were awakened by noise in the living room , and that Taylor got up and locked the bedroom door , but the door was kicked in and two shots were fired , one striking him in the leg . Garcia tried to call 911 but was unable to , and used her cell phone instead , police said . There was no evidence the line had been cut , Parker said Wednesday . A break-in was also reported eight days earlier , Miami-Dade police said . A police report said someone forced a window open and left a kitchen knife on a bed . Several drawers and a bedroom safe were searched during the break-in , according to the report . Taylor was home unexpectedly because of an injury , his former attorney , Richard Sharpstein , told reporters Tuesday . "  I think he was surprised or they were surprised to find him there , " he said . Taylor spent four years with the Washington Redskins , but had been out with a sprained right knee . He did not play in Sunday 's game against Tampa Bay . Taylor was a first-round pick in the 2004 draft , according to his team 's web site . He played at the University of Miami , where he was an All-American in 2003 , and was also a high school standout in the city . Dubbing him "  the prototype NFL free safety , " the Redskins credited Taylor 's team-leading tackling prowess for sending him to his first Pro Bowl after 2006 . He was regarded as one of the hardest hitting players in the league . Taylor recorded 257 tackles  206 solo  during his brief career , two sacks and seven interceptions . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say they have more than one confession in the case NEW : Investigation reveals the men thought the house was empty , police say Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor died Tuesday Taylor shot during an apparent burglary at his Miami home
CNN  It was n't the screech of cannonballs , the thud of grappling hooks or the crack of muskets that most terrified the sailors of the Spanish Armada in the 16th century , but fire . The English vice-admiral Sir Francis Drake used fire ships -- aging hulks set ablaze and allowed to float freely into the Armada -- to devastating effect , forcing the Spanish ships to break formation . More than 400 years later , however , and fire is still one of the gravest threats to shipboard life . Old threat , new technology Shipboard procedures such as fire drills , on-board alarms and locking fire doors may have gone a long way to mitigating the danger of fire at sea , but the US Navy is looking at new technology to help it battle the threat . Its latest solution is to send fire-resistant metal men into the smoky , red-hot holds of its fire-stricken warships , throwing fire retarding grenades and assessing damage with a camera that can see through smoke . Called the Shipboard Autonomous Firefighting Robot  SAFFiR  , the team at the Office of Naval Research  ONR  chose a humanoid-type robot as the best way of negotiating the narrow passageways , ladders and hatches  all designed for human mobility  of a modern ship . "  Every compartment and passageway on a ship is designed for human occupation and mobility , " Dr Thomas McKenna , ONR program manager for human-robot interaction and cognitive neuroscience , told CNN . "  There are numerous barriers , like sills , that would block a wheeled robot . In addition , a humanoid robot can use firefighting gear designed for humans , such as protective coats , backpack fire suppressants , hand-held sensors and hose nozzles , " he said "  The long-term goal is to keep sailors from the danger of direct exposure to fire . " Shipboard fires , he said , throw up a different and more urgent set of problems than fires on land . "  Shipboard fires must be suppressed , whereas in many civilian fires , a building can be considered a loss and the focus might shift to containing the fire to prevent spread , " he told CNN . "  On a ship , fire suppression is critical to the survival of the ship and its personnel ; confined spaces , smoke , heat and gases can be a threat to humans . " Developed by researchers at Virginia Tech and sponsored by the ONR , the SAFFiR prototype was tested aboard the decommissioned warship USS Shadwell last year and unveiled at the Naval Future Force Science & Technology EXPO this month . Super-human range SAFFiR stands 5 feet 10 inches and weighs 143 pounds . The unique mechanism design on the robot equips it with super-human range of motion to maneuver in complex spaces . The team equipped the robot with a suite of sensors that include a camera , a gas sensor and a stereo infrared camera that will allow it to find its way through the choking black smoke that would deter human firefighters . Its upper body has been designed to manipulate fire suppressing equipment and even to throw propelled extinguishing agent  PEAT  grenades . The robot , say developers , can handle a fire hose on its own . With enough battery power for 30 minutes of firefighting , SAFFiR is capable of walking in all directions , balancing in rough seas , and stepping around obstacles . "  Balancing on any type of terrain that 's unstable - especially for bipedal robots - is very difficult , " said Brian Lattimer , associate professor for mechanical engineering at Virginia Tech . "  Whole-body momentum control allows for the robot to optimize the locations of all of its joints so that it maintains its center of mass on uncertain and unstable surfaces . " Robot a team player While the next generation of the robot will be designed with enhanced intelligence , communications capabilities and extended battery life , Lattimer said the robot would likely always take its orders from a human in a console . Despite this , the algorithms that are being developed would allow mobility and decision making by the robot as a team member . "  The robot has the ability to do autonomous tasks , but we have a human in the loop to allow an operator to intervene in any type of task that the robot 's doing , " he said . "  We 're working toward human-robot teams . It 's what we call the hybrid force : humans and robots working together . " McKenna said that ultimately , SAFFiR could be used for a number of shipboard duties that are difficult or onerous for humans to perform . "  For instance , a bipedal robot could be configured to take shipboard measurements , scan for corrosion and leaks , and identify changes to the shape of the room from its original configuration , " he said . "  By taking on these time-consuming tasks , SAFFiR could free up sailors for jobs that more fully take advantage of their training and technical skillsets . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Will you soon be able to ` swallow the doctor ' ? Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car Out of juice ? Try a cardboard battery	Researchers have developed a robot that could help the US Navy battle shipboard fires The robot has been designed in a humanoid shape to negotiate complex environments Not only would the robot , called SAFFiR , throw fire retarding grenades but glean information Researchers hope the robot will one day help with other difficult and onerous onboard tasks
CNN  -- An exiled Rwandan rebel leader is being transferred to the International Criminal Court to face charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity , the Paris prosecutor 's office said Tuesday . Callixte Mbarushimana was arrested in Paris in October under an ICC warrant involving allegations of mass rape and other crimes committed in the Democratic Republic of Congo . Mbarushimana , a leader of the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda  FDLR  , is charged with 11 counts of crimes against humanity and war crimes including rape , gender-based persecution and property destruction by his group in 2009 , an ICC statement said in October . At the time of the arrest , ICC prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo thanked authorities in France , Germany , Congo and Rwanda for their help , calling it a "  crucial step in efforts to prosecute the massive sexual crimes committed in the DRC . " The ICC statement said Mbarushimana was the first senior leader arrested for the atrocities in North and South Kivu provinces of Congo . The FDLR comprises mainly Hutu extremists who fled to Congo after taking part in the 1994 Rwandan genocide . The ICC statement blamed the group for instigating war in Congo as part of its efforts to topple the government in neighboring Rwanda . Mbarushimana left Rwanda in the aftermath of the war and worked for the United Nations until he was dismissed in 2001 when it was revealed that he was the subject of an investigation by the United Nations ' own criminal tribunal for Rwanda . In 2005 , CNN spoke with Mbarushimana in France , where he had refugee status . He maintained his innocence . "  I am not afraid of justice . What I am afraid of is injustice , like what is taking place in Rwanda for instance , where people are not really tried properly , " he aid at the time . The ICC said Mbarushimana "  has held senior positions in the political leadership of the FDLR " since 2004 . The ICC , seated at The Hague in the the Netherlands , describes itself on its website as "  the first permanent , treaty based , international criminal court established to help end impunity for the perpetrators of the most serious crimes of concern to the international community . "	Callixte Mbarushimana was arrested in Paris in October His alleged crimes occurred in the Democratic Republic of Congo Mbarushimana , a former U.N. employee , says he is innocent
New York  CNN  -- The New York City Police Department has agreed to clear its database of people who were stopped under the controversial stop-and-frisk practice but were cleared of criminal wrongdoings , according to the settlement issued Wednesday in the New York Supreme Court . In a move to settle the state lawsuit filed by the New York Civil Liberties Union in 2010 , the NYPD has agreed to erase the database within 90 days . "  Though much still needs to be done , this settlement is an important step towards curbing the impact of abusive stop and frisk practices , " said Christopher Dunn , associate legal director of the NYCLU and lead plaintiffs ' counsel in the case . Information to be cleared from the electronic database includes names and addresses of all people who have been stopped , arrested or issued a summons in castes that were later dismissed or resolved with a noncriminal violation . NYPD officers say they had stop-and-frisk quotas In July 2010 , a state law was enacted prohibiting the NYPD from keeping a computer database of the names and personal information of people who were unjustly stopped , questioned or frisked by police officers and were neither arrested nor issued a summons . "  The NYPD had been in full compliance with the relevant legislation since it was passed in 2010 . Accordingly , there was no practical reason to continue this litigation , " said Paul Browne , deputy police commissioner . One of the lead plaintiffs in the case , Clive Lino , was stopped more than once and was issued summonses that were later dismissed . "  It is a relief to know that my personal information will be cleared from the stop-and-frisk database , " said Lino . Lino , who is black , has been stopped at least 13 times by NYPD officers , according to the NYCLU . "  It is humiliating enough to be stopped and frisked for no reason , having your name and address kept in a police database only prolongs the indignity of it , " he said . Report : Most ` stopped and frisked ' are minorities The controversial method in which police stop , question and possibly search those they consider suspicious is used to deter crime , the police department has said . "  New Yorkers who are the victims of unjustified police stops will no longer suffer the further injustice of having their personal information stored indefinitely in an NYPD database , " said NYCLU Executive Director Donna Lieberman . The NYPD database will only erase records of those who were cleared of any wrongdoing , but will continue to maintain details of all other aspects of police stops . There is also a federal class-action lawsuit that is still in the hands of a judge . The lawsuit claims that police officers routinely stop minority men , particularly black and Latino men , without legal reasons . It also seeks to reform stop-and-frisk under the supervision of a court-appointed monitor .	New York 's stop-and-frisk policy allows police to stop those they consider suspicious Clive Lino and others brought suit to clear their names from the NYPD 's database Lino , who is black , has been stopped at least 13 times , according to the case The NYPD agrees to clear names of those stopped but never convicted of an offense
CNN  -- In trying to understand the mind of a man like Ariel Castro , accused of kidnapping , beating , and raping three young women held in captivity for almost 10 years , two things are important to keep in mind :  1  in human psychology , nothing occurs in a vacuum ; and  2  the psychological profile that is emerging of this man is not rare . In fact , although Castro may be a more extreme example , there are aspects of his alleged pathology that are all too common . What I mean by the first item is that the clues to understanding Castro is to look at the totality of his adult functioning , and to look at his developmental years growing up . Read more : ` He is dead to me , ' daughter of Ohio suspect says The point is that the alleged monstrosity of his behaviors does not come out of thin air . We have only fragmentary evidence at this point , but many details will emerge in the coming days and weeks . And while it 's impossible to psychoanalyze someone from a distance , there are plenty of clues in this case . We have reports that Castro was violent towards his common-in-law wife , Grimilda Figueroa , with whom he had three children . She reported to police that Castro "  broken petitioner 's nose  twice  , ribs , lacerations , knocked out tooth , blood clot on brain ,  inoperable tumor  , dislocated shoulder ,  twice , once on each side  threatened to kill petitioner and daughters 3 to 4 times just this year . " Timeline : Three Cleveland girls go missing The domestic violence protection order , filed on August 29 , 2005 , alleged that though Figueroa had full custody of their children , Castro , "  frequently abducts daughters and keeps them from mother/petitioner / legal custodian . " Of note , at the time Castro has this Order of Protection filed against him is after he is alleged to have kidnapped his three victims and while he has them imprisoned . Men  who constitute 90 % the cases  who are bent on the total control of a woman , using psychological and physical abuse , are termed batterers . Read more : Inside Cleveland 's haunted house The dimensions along which male batterers have been studied include the presence or absence of alcohol or drug abuse , whether or not the violence is intrafamilial or extends outside the family , the presence or absence of criminality , and the presence or absence of psychopathology , especially personality disorders . In Castro 's case it may be as he got older , he progressed from predominantly intrafamilial violence to kidnapping adolescent girls whom he controlled through systematic physical and sexual violence . We do n't know yet if drug or alcohol abuse played a role in promoting violent behaviors . But sociopathy appears to explain some of Castro 's psychology . He seemed to have the sociopathic "  charm " to drive up to adolescent females on the street and convince them to get into his car . Read more : Neighbor feels ` fooled ' by Cleveland abduction suspect He had the sociopathic instincts of how to psychologically terrorize , demoralize , and "  break down " his victims with beatings chainings , rapes , and basement imprisonment . He seemed adept at the psychological torture of allowing his prisoners to watch city vigils highlighting their disappearances . He participated in these gatherings and vigils and even interacted with one of the victim 's family members . His seeming ability to maintain a detached demeanor while present in the community suggests antisocial personality . So besides the concepts of batterers and sociopathy , what is striking in Castro 's case is the degree of sexual sadism . Unfortunately , the systematic physical and sexual violence extending for years towards one 's children , step-children , or spouse is something I hear every day in the histories of my patients admitted for treatment of severe alcohol or drug addiction . Case law records prosecutions of men charged with kidnapping women for hours or days at a time to sexually abuse them . But what is mindboggling in Castro 's case is the breadth and depth of sexual violence he is accused of perpetrating against these three women . If he is charged for every assault and rape his victims report , he could receive thousands of charges . Where do people like Castro come from ? Male batterers often grow up in families fraught with strife , conflict , neglect and violence . The basic theory is that deleterious early life experiences of the perpetrator cause developmental arrest of their psychological maturation and personality formation . This theory would predict that in the coming weeks and months details will emerge of the events in his early years that derailed Castro being able to develop a normal , healthy , mature adult ego . What happens is that the individual is left with deep emotional needs for which they feel totally inadequate to get met . Their self-concept is so impaired and their self-esteem is chronically so low that they feel totally unable to compete in the normal adult game of attracting and keeping a mate . When their attempts are met by failure , their impaired moral development and lack of empathy coupled with unbridled anger and rage lead them down the road of violent possession of their "  partners . " But even battering , sociopathy , and sexual sadism do not seem enough to explain the enormity of Castro 's alleged crimes towards these three women . In fact , they suggest a more pervasive pathology such as a sadistic personality disorder -- currently a research category . His alleged violence towards vulnerable women was so extensive , repeated over so many years , extended beyond sexual violence and perversions , to alleged forced miscarriages , starvation , and other forms of behavioral control . We will need to brace ourselves as the investigations unfold and the true extent of the horrors that were committed at 2207 Seymour Avenue is revealed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul W. Ragan .	A psychiatrist says the psychological profile emerging of Ariel Castro is not rare Ragan : Battering , sociopathy , and sexual sadism do not seem enough to explain the crimes Castro had the ` sociopathic instincts of how to terrorize and demoralize his victims '
Washington  CNN  -- Members of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Senate Intelligence Committee , as well as those in the equivalent House committees , will be allowed to view the photographs taken of Osama bin Laden after he was killed , a U.S. official told CNN Tuesday . The viewings will take place at CIA headquarters in northern Virginia at a time to be decided , the official said . U.S. to have access to bin Laden 's wives U.S. Navy SEALs killed the al Qaeda leader last week in an attack on his compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , confirmed that the Senate Intelligence Committee and the Senate Armed Services Committee would be give the opportunity . Asked whether she planned to avail herself of it , she told CNN , "  I actually have n't thought much about it , but I likely will . " Advisory : Beware "  lone wolves " Feinstein is chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence . President Barack Obama decided on Wednesday that he would not release photos of the body . "  It is not in our national security interest ... to allow these images to become icons to rally opinion against the United States , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters at the time . "  We have no need to publish those photographs to establish that Osama bin Laden was killed . "	Members of House and Senate intelligence committees will be able to view the photos Viewings will take place at CIA headquarters ; timing is not yet determined President wo n't release to public : "  It is not in our national security interest "
CNN  -- Thailand and Cambodia have agreed to withdraw their troops from the area surrounding a disputed border temple , the official Thai news agency MCOT reported . The two countries reached a deal to implement an order by the International Court of Justice to put in place a "  provisional demilitarized zone " around the Preah Vihear temple , MCOT cited Cambodian Defense Minister Tea Banh as saying at a news conference on Wednesday . Thai and Cambodian troops had clashed in the area around the temple earlier this year , displacing thousands of people on both sides and causing at least 20 deaths . A joint working group will be set up to discuss the rules governing the demilitarized zone , Banh said after meeting with the Thai defense minister , General Yutthasak Sasiprapa , in the Cambodian capital , Phnom Penh . The troop withdrawals , to be carried out as soon as possible , will be supervised by observers from Thailand , Cambodia and Indonesia , the chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , Banh said . Cambodia had asked the International Court of Justice , the United Nation 's highest court , to intervene and order Thai troops out of the area . The court , instead , ruled in July that both sides must withdraw their troops to avoid more casualties . The 11th century temple sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The two countries differ on whether some territory around the temple forms part of Thailand or Cambodia . The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 . Thailand claims , however , that the 1.8 square mile  4.6 sq. km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Thailand says the dispute arose from the fact that the Cambodian government used a map drawn during the French occupation of Cambodia -- a map that places the temple and surrounding area in Cambodian territory . In 2008 , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- a place the U.N. says has outstanding universal value . The decision re-ignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it will make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple .	Thailand and Cambodia agree to implement a court order on a disputed temple The deal follows clashes that displaced thousands and killed at least 20 The International Court of Justice order calls for both sides to withdraw troops The countries differ on whether territory around the temple is part of Thailand or Cambodia
