South Korean prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for the captain of the capsized Sewol ferry and life in prison for three other crew members involved in the deadly disaster earlier this year . The death penalty is unusual in South Korea , which has not carried out executions in 17 years . It has n't been used in decades , as a backlash to how it was used in the past for political purposes . Prosecutors charged the captain , Lee Joon-seok , and the three crew members with murder , because prosecutors allege the ferry 's crew members did n't use the ship 's facilities such as life rafts , life vests and announcements to evacuate passengers . The captain was filmed being rescued in his underwear on April 16 , as the ferry capsized off the South Korean coast . Lee said he was changing clothes and smoking at the time of the incident . He was rescued while hundred remained inside the boat , listening to announcements to stay put . He has apologized to the victims saying his actions were not intentional . At least 294 people died -- including hundreds of high school students on a field trip -- when the ferry sank . Ten bodies are still missing . Prosecutors are also seeking 30 years in prison for a female crew member , who was at the helm of the ship at the time of its sinking . The closing statement was held Monday , and the three judges are expected to issue a verdict and sentencing on November 11 . The death penalty can not be carried out in South Korea without a signed order from the country 's president . "  The death penalty is essentially a mere life sentence , " said Jasper Kim , a professor at the Graduate School of International Studies at Ewha University , who has a background in law . He also added that South Korea does not usually sentence convicted criminals to life without parole -- so life sentences usually represent about 20 years or less of imprisonment . The Sewol disaster caused widespread outrage in South Korea over lax safety standards and the failure to rescue more people as the ship foundered .	South Korean prosecutors seek death penalty for ferry captain and life in prison for three others Conduct of Sewol ferry crew drew outrage in South Korea South Korea has not carried out death penalty since 1997
EW.com  -- 12 Years a Slave may have the most nominations , but Nebraska will probably benefit the most from its Independent Spirit Awards recognition -- which give a much needed boost to low-budget movies competing for Oscar attention . The epic slavery drama collected a leading seven nominations , while Nebraska was right behind it with six . Both films are in the running for Best Feature , alongside All Is Lost , Frances Ha , and Inside Llewyn Davis . Fruitvale Station , this year 's grand jury winner at the Sundance Film Festival , was honored in a separate category for "  first feature , " which also included Blue Caprice , Concussion , Una Noche , and Wadjda . The Independent Spirit Awards , distributed by the non-profit arts organization Film Independent , are only a sporadic indicator for the Academy Awards , but can help cast a spotlight on scrappier , more intimate films that do n't always have huge marketing budgets . Acclaim for the intense and harrowing 12 Years a Slave has already secured it a solid place in the running for this year 's Best Picture Oscar , and Spirit nominations were expected for director Steve McQueen , screenwriter John Ridley , cinematographer Sean Bobbit , lead actor Chiwetel Ejiofor , and supporting actors Lupita Nyong ' o and Michael Fassbender . It would only have been a shock if one of them had been snubbed . But Nebraska -- director Alexander Payne 's black-and-white dramedy about a terse Midwestern family -- is only a possible Oscar contender for Best Picture , and these six nominations will reinforce its bona fides and perhaps add some box office momentum just as the movie is gradually expanding beyond a handful of theaters . The film had nods for director , first screenplay for Bob Nelson , lead actor Bruce Dern , and supporting actors June Squibb and Will Forte . The one surprise omission was the lack of a cinematography mention for Phedon Papamichael 's silvery images of the desolate rural landscapes . A few films that could have fared better : Inside Llewyn Davis , another movie on the Oscar bubble , which really could have used a director or screenplay bid for Joel and Ethan Coen ; Dallas Buyers Club , which was only recognized for its two actors  lead actor Matthew McConaughey and supporting actor Jared Leto  , and Before Midnight , which got only female lead for Julie Delpy and best screenplay . Other curiosities among the nominees included a posthumous honor for James Gandolfini 's supporting performance as a middle-aged lonelyheart in Enough Said , a best director bid for Upstream Color 's Shane Carruth , even though the poetic science fiction drama was named in only one other category  best editing  , and a best first screenplay mention for Don Jon writer-director-star Joseph Gordon-Levitt . BEST FEATURE 12 Years a Slave All Is Lost Frances Ha Inside Llewyn Davis Nebraska BEST DIRECTOR Upstream Color , Shane Carruth All is Lost , J.C. Chandor 12 Years a Slave , Steve McQueen Mud , Jeff Nichols Nebraska , Alexander Payne BEST SCREENPLAY Blue Jasmine , Woody Allen Before Midnight , Julie Delpy , Ethan Hawke & Richard Linklater Enough Said , Nicole Holofcener The Spectacular Now , Scott Neustadter & Michael H. Weber 12 Years a Slave , John Ridley BEST FIRST FEATURE Blue Caprice Concussion Fruitvale Station Una Noche Wadjda BEST FIRST SCREENPLAY In A World , Lake Bell Don Jon , Joseph Gordon-Levitt Nebraska , Bob Nelson Afternoon Delight , Jill Soloway The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete , Michael Starrbury JOHN CASSAVETES AWARD --  Best Feature made for under $ 500,000 Computer Chess Crystal Fairy Museum Hours Pit Stop This is Martin Bonner BEST FEMALE LEAD Cate Blanchett , Blue Jasmine Julie Delpy , Before Midnight Gaby Hoffmann , Crystal Fairy Brie Larson , Short Term 12 Shailene Woodley , The Spectacular Now BEST MALE LEAD Bruce Dern , Nebraska Chiwetel Ejiofor , 12 Years a Slave Oscar Isaac , Inside Llewyn Davis Michael B. Jordan , Fruitvale Station Matthew McConaughey , Dallas Buyers Club Robert Redford , All Is Lost BEST SUPPORTING FEMALE Melonie Diaz , Fruitvale Station Sally Hawkins , Blue Jasmine Lupita Nyong ` o , 12 Years a Slave Yolonda Ross , Go For Sisters June Squibb , Nebraska BEST SUPPORTING MALE Michael Fassbender , 12 Years a Slave Will Forte , Nebraska James Gandolfini , Enough Said Jared Leto , Dallas Buyers Club Keith Stanfield , Short Term 12 BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY Sean Bobbitt , 12 Years a Slave Benoit Debie , Spring Breakers Bruno Delbonnel , Inside Llewyn Davis Frank G. DeMarco , All Is Lost Matthias Grunsky , Computer Chess BEST EDITING Shane Carruth & David Lowery , Upstream Color Jem Cohen & Marc Vives , Museum Hours Jennifer Lame , Frances Ha Cindy Lee , Una Noche Nat Sanders , Short Term 12 BEST DOCUMENTARY 20 Feet From Stardom After Tiller Gideon 's Army The Act of Killing The Square BEST INTERNATIONAL FILM A Touch of Sin  China Blue is the Warmest Color  France Gloria  Chile The Great Beauty  Italy The Hunt  Denmark ROBERT ALTMAN AWARD --  Ensemble Cast Mud 17th ANNUAL PIAGET PRODUCERS AWARD Toby Halbrooks & James M. Johnston Jacob Jaffke Andrea Roa Frederick Thornton SOMEONE TO WATCH AWARD My Sister 's Quinceañera , director Aaron Douglas Johnston Newlyweeds , director Shaka King The Foxy Merkins , director Madeline Olnek TRUER THAN FICTION AWARD Kalyanee Mam , A River Changes Course Jason Osder , Let the Fire Burn Stephanie Spray & Pacho Velez , Manakamana See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The awards are distributed by a non-profit arts organization "  12 Years a Slave " has the most nominations James Gandolfini has been nominated posthumously
Mashable  -- Facebook users receive more comments , messages and likes -- the hugs and high-fives of social networking -- than they give , according to a new study . The Pew Research Center 's Internet & American Life Projectstudy , which looks at Facebook activity of users over a one-month period , shows that users "  like " content on their News Feed about 14 times , while their content is Liked about 20 times . Users send about nine personal messages and receive 12 . This discrepancy exists because certain "  power users " dominate one kind of Facebook action . Meaning everyone has friends that excessively tag photos , send messages or "  like " things all the time . Others obsessively "  friend " people . Power users -- specializing in one of the activities describes above -- make up between 20 % to 30 % of the Facebook population . "  The striking thing is that there are different power users depending on the activity in question , " says Keith Hampton , the study 's lead author . "  One group of power users dominates friending activity . Another dominates ` liking ' activity . And yet another dominates photo tagging . " The research was conducted by a national phone survey targeting adults and teenagers in America who use Facebook . This adds to a long list of things we learned about Facebook after the company filed its long-awaited initial public offering . This news sheds light on how users use the $ 5 billion-dollar company . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook users "  like " content on about 14 times , while their content is "  liked " about 20 times This discrepancy exists because certain "  power users " dominate one kind of action Power users make up between 20 % to 30 % of the Facebook population
CNN  -- Two police officers in Indiana were killed in separate shootings in what was a violent holiday weekend in the state . In Gary , Officer Jeffrey Westerfield , a 19-year veteran of the police department , was killed early Sunday morning while responding to a call . It was his 47th birthday , CNN affiliate WLS reported . The police department called the father of four 's death a "  senseless act of violence . " Authorities took three men in for questioning in connection with the shooting , CNN affiliate WLS reported . A day earlier in Indianapolis , Officer Perry Renn , a 21-year veteran , was killed while responding to a call of shots fired , the city 's police department said . Renn and another officer were approaching a group of people in an alley Saturday night when a gunman shot at the officers , the department said . Police returned fire , but Renn was fatally struck in the shootout . "  This is a sad day for the IMPD family and the community as a whole , " Police Chief Rick Hite said . The suspected gunman , 25-year-old Major Davis Jr. , was also struck but survived . Authorities expect Davis to be charged with murder . Davis ' grandmother told CNN affiliate WISH-TV , his family has had prior run-ins with police . Davis ' father died of a heart attack while in police custody when Davis was a teenager , the family said . "  He was n't a bad person . His father was killed by IMPD . That is enough to hurt a person and scar him for life , " Davis ' grandmother , Pam Moornan , told WISH . The death of Renn capped a violent Saturday in Indianapolis , which also saw police responding to the shooting of six men and one woman in a popular bar district , Indianapolis police Lt. Chris Bailey said . One man was in critical condition , and the others suffered nonlife-threatening injuries . Police have not identified a suspect in that shooting , and the motive remains unclear . Police officer killed , 7 people shot in spate of violence in Indianapolis	One officer was found dead in his patrol car in Gary The second was killed in a shootout in Indianapolis
CNN  -- The owner of the dive company on the Indonesian island of Bali helping to search for seven missing divers has said he has "  no clue what happened . " The owner of Yellow Scuba , who gave his name as Putu , spoke to CNN three days after five tourists and two dive instructors , all Japanese women , failed to return to the surface after a dive near the islands of Nusa Lembongan and Nusa Penida , southeast of Bali on Friday . The seven women ranged in age from 27 to 59 . "  When the divers plunged into the water , the weather was still good , " according to local news reports  login required  quoting the ship 's captain . "  But about 15 minutes later , it was cloudy . I tried to find them but my efforts produced no results , " the captain said in a written statement to police . Yellow Scuba said the captain is n't employed by the company , but hired their boat . Yellow Scuba has "  stopped all dives for now , " Putu said . "  We are still looking , " said Putu . "  It was their third dive , they went underwater , it was very clear when they were going down . I just get information from the captain , and do n't know what happened . " Nyoman Sidakarya , who heads the task force searching for the women , said about 80 people were involved in the search , which will continue until the seventh day after the incident , according to procedure . The search may be extended "  considering the costs and benefits . " The area in which the women were diving is a noted beauty spot , "  but it 's also very dangerous , " said Bali Governor I Made Mangku Pastika , citing "  unpredictable natural aspects . " Heavy rains occurred during the dive that saw the divers go missing , and also on Saturday , hampering rescue efforts . The period from October to April is monsoon season in Bali , which sees strong winds and bursts of heavy rain . Kathy Quiano also contributed to this story .	Seven divers , all Japanese women , failed to surface after a Feb 14 dive near Bali , Indonesia Dive and rescue efforts were affected by heavy rain 80 people involved in search , which will continue till Friday Owner of dive company said he does n't know what happened
CNN  -- Call it a mixed blessing -- one that may have saved an Arizona convenience store employee 's life . When Phoenix Circle K manager Jerimiah Willey was pistol-whipped during a robbery last month , he landed at St. Joseph 's Hospital with a head injury that required eight staples . "  He hit me in the head twice . ... and then throughout the whole thing , he was nudging me with the gun , " Willey told CNN affiliate KTVK . The hospital did a CT scan while he was there and discovered something far worse -- a massive and potentially life-threatening brain tumor . "  They said that had this not been found and soon around the time that it was found , that he probably just would have gone to sleep one night and not been able to wake up , " his wife , Alisha Willey , told the affiliate . He is recovering from the first of what 's expected to be three brain surgeries . "  It 's our understanding , that because of the size , we believe there 's going to be two more surgeries , " his mother-in-law , Rose Gould , told CNN . The surgery has left him partially paralyzed , with slurred speech and some loss of hearing . He 's undergoing therapy . Although the road ahead for the Willeys and their three children is uncertain , they 're hopeful that the slow-growing tumor is benign and was caught before it was too late . A fund has been set up to help pay for the family 's medical expenses . "  It 's hard to be thankful to somebody who was so violent , " Alisha Willey said . "  I 'm just very blessed that my husband is still alive and that it was n't over that morning . "	The store Jerimiah Willey manages was robbed last month He was beaten by the man who robbed the convenience store A hospital CT scan showed a massive tumor A fund has been set up to help pay for medical expenses
CNN  -- Any time there 's a change in the Whoverse  the intergalactic space that occupies the storylines of British sci-fi show "  Doctor Who " and its spinoffs , "  The Sarah Jane Adventures " and "  Torchwood "  , fans of the franchise get nervous . And creator Russell T. Davies is bringing quite a change to "  Torchwood . "  The name is an anagram of "  Doctor Who . " "  Torchwood " fans have been jonesing for more of series star John Barrowman 's antics as Capt. Jack Harkness for the past two years . During the prolonged hiatus , Davies aligned the franchise with subscription cable channel Starz and moved the entire setting of the show from the U.K. to the U.S. Fans are curious about what 's happened to their favorite characters in the meantime and what a bigger budget could mean for the show . "  Torchwood " started in 2006 as a BBC prime-time sci-fi show about a character and investigative team that originated on the popular "  Doctor Who " reboot . Barrowman 's character is a mysterious , immortal man from the 51st century who adopted the identity of a World War II Royal Air Force pilot and ultimately ended up protecting mankind with the help of a secretive alien-hunting team of Earthlings . This season of "  Torchwood , " titled "  Miracle Day , " airs at 10 p.m. ET Friday night on Starz . The season begins with a supernatural occurrence that halts human death on the entire planet . Actress Eve Myles returns as Gwen Cooper , and American actors Mekhi Phifer , Bill Pullman and Alexa Havins join the cast . The last season of the series , titled "  Torchwood : Children of Earth , " was broadcast in 2009 , and the storyline followed the decimation of Capt. Jack 's Torchwood team , including the painful loss of his romantic partner , Ianto Jones . At the end of "  Torchwood : Children of Earth , " the surviving team was officially disbanded . "  The last time we saw Jack , he was drowning his sorrows in the ` Doctor Who ' version of the ` Star Wars ' cantina , " said Jennifer Steele , a 29-year-old Whoverse fan and Alta Language Services project manager in Atlanta . So what brought Capt. Jack back to Earth for "  Miracle Day " ? Barrowman is n't spoiling the surprise -- which he says changes everything -- but wants fans to rest assured that the quirky , silly heart of "  Torchwood " is back . "  Whatever issues he had , he 's gone off and dealt with , and now he 's come back refreshed and raring and ready to go , " Barrowman said . And so is his libido . Barrowman is keen to point out that fans will see Capt. Jack have "  full-on man sex in this series , " which should n't shock sci-fi fans in the least . "  That 's what makes science-fiction fans so brilliant , " Barrowman said . "  They are accepting about different people and the differences between each other . I am a fan myself . We 're all quirky . We 're all a little nerdy . We 're all a little different-looking than everybody else . We might have some little foible ; we might have some little obsession , but you know what , as fans of science-fiction , we all understand that about each other . " Barrowman said his point of view on the acceptance of sexualities in television , as a gay man , is the same as that of sci-fi fans . "  If you do n't like me for who I am , do I really need to know you ? I think that 's the attitude that sci-fi fans have , too . We 're not going to let people dictate that we should be something other than who we are , " he said . Relationships have been a hallmark of Davies ' work on "  Torchwood " and "  Doctor Who . " "  I know Russell T. Davies has taken a lot of flak for all the relationships on Doctor Who , " Steele said , explaining that before Davies rebooted the franchise , the character of the Doctor had been largely asexual since the 1960s . "  Jack Harkness has relationships with everybody , because that 's the kind of person he is , " she said . Capt. Jack famously had a tryst with "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " fan-favorite James Marsters in the 2008 "  Torchwood " episode "  Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang . " Marsters played Capt. John Hart , Harkness ' former partner and a time-traveling bad boy . "  It was a great moment . I loved it , " Barrowman said . "  Walking through the saloon doors , right up to each other , looking like we 're just going to punch the crap out of each other , and then they kiss ! Brilliant ! " The character of Jack Harkness is not necessarily gay or bisexual . "  Despite the fact that Jack is ` try-sexual ' -- he 'll try anything -- his relationship with Ianto reached a peak in ` Children of Earth , ' " said Edward DeGruy , British sci-fi fan and senior director of guest hospitality for DragonCon , a fan convention in Atlanta . "  When Ianto 's sister asked him , ` Well , you 're dating this guy ; does that mean you 're gay ? ' and Ianto looked at her and said , ' I do n't know , but I know I love Jack . ' " That focus on how many people in this world can love one specific person is very nerdy , DeGruy said . "  Sci-fi fans have realized that a relationship is a relationship . However that relationship happens for you is what 's important . "  We all have our own beliefs , and fandom believes that one day the world will move in the direction where everyone says , ` Your belief is your belief , and your way of living is your way of living . As long as you 're not hurting me , I do n't care what you do . ' " And although sci-fi fans deeply identify with the characters on the show , it 's the writing on "  Torchwood " that keeps fans dedicated , DeGruy said . "  Especially to  fans of writer Joss Whedon  , because that was Joss ' bread and butter . He can write conversations probably better than anyone in the business today . Russell T. Davies being a very close second . " "  I think now that ` Torchwood ' has really hit its stride , Davies is doing a better job than he did on ` Doctor Who , ' " Steele said . Barrowman says the secret to the show 's success is that the entire creative team is made up of science-fiction fans . "  This is a show with people who are fans of the genre , " he said , "  with writers who are fans of the characters , with actors who are fans of the history of the show and of science-fiction . It 's made by fans , which is incredible . "	"  Torchwood " teams up with Starz for the fourth season , titled "  Miracle Day " Homosexual , bisexual , even "  try-sexual " relationships do not faze sci-fi fans Russell T. Davies ' writing better on "  Torchwood " than "  Doctor Who , " said fan
CNN  -- A Chinese ship detects pulse signals deep in the Indian Ocean at the same frequency used by so-called black boxes like the one aboard missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 . After almost a month of fruitless searching , hopes mount for final answers about what happened to the plane carrying 239 people that disappeared almost a month ago . However , experts disagree whether Saturday 's news is a breakthrough or another dead end , raising new questions about what the pulse signal means and what happens now . Is this it ? Maybe . The signals reported -- 37.5 kHz -- "  is the standard beacon frequency " for the plane 's cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder , said Anish Patel , president of pinger manufacturer Dukane Seacom . That frequency was chosen for use in the recorders "  to give that standout quality that does not get interfered with by the background noise that readily occurs in the ocean . " China 's Xinhua news agency reported the detector deployed by the Haixun  pronounced "  high shuen "  01 patrol ship picked up the first signal around 25 degrees south latitude and 101 degrees east longitude , adding "  it is yet to be established whether it is related to the missing jet . " That location is outside the previously announced search areas for the missing plane off the western coast of Australia in the Indian Ocean . A Chinese search plane also reported seeing white objects on the ocean surface , according to Xinhua . Later Saturday , the head of the Joint Agency Coordination Centre in Australia that is overseeing the search said there was "  no confirmation at this stage that the signals and the objects are related to the missing aircraft . " The statement said the floating objects were 90 kilometers , or about 55 miles , from where the pulse signal was detected . Relatives react What 's the difference between the devices ? The most recent finds came from a Chinese ship slowly moving through the southern Indian Ocean . So what was it doing ? Video on Chinese state-run CCTV shot Saturday shows crew members from the Haixun 01 boarding a small yellow dinghy and using what appears to be a handheld hydrophone . The three men on board lower the device into the water on a pole . A CCTV correspondent aboard the Haixun 01 reported that the first 37.5 kh signal was detected for 90 seconds . CNN spoke to the U.S. company that makes such devices . Handheld pinger locating devices were first built for scuba use , said Justin E. Manley , senior director of business operations for Teledyne Benthos . The equipment starts at a list price of about $ 8,000 ; with all the options it costs about $ 16,000 , according to the company . Manley said holding the device over the side of a vessel may not be the best option , but it should work . The handheld device used by the Chinese is much different from the U.S. Navy hydrophone -- or underwater microphone -- called a towed pinger locator . One is on board the Australian ship Ocean Shield , which recently joined the search for Flight 370 . This high-tech listening device can glide along near the bottom of the sea . The towed pinger locator , or TPL , is 30 inches long and weighs just 70 pounds . It 's towed behind the ship that generally moves at slow speeds , generally from 1 to 5 knots . The device can pick up the pinger sound in depths reaching 20,000 feet . A pinger can be detected at a range of 1 to 2 miles . The TPL is more sensitive , more expensive and , since it is towed in the ocean , will have a better detection range , said Tom W. Altshuler , vice president and group general manager for Teledyne Marine Systems . "  One is designed to find a pinger in deep water , the other is designed to find a pinger in shallow water , " said Altshuler . What now ? Searchers need more equipment in the area where the pulse signal was detected to determine if it comes from airplane wreckage . It is a race against time , because the batteries for the acoustic pingers on Flight 370 could run out soon . They are expected to last at least a month once a plane goes down , but would then begin to lose strength . According to Malaysian officials , the batteries on the missing plane were due to be replaced in June under a regular maintenance schedule . What happens after the pingers die ? "  I 'd like to see some additional assets on site quickly -- maybe some sonobuoys , " Patel said , referring to 5-inch-long  13-centimeter  sonar systems that are dropped from aircraft or ships . Confirmation that the signal comes from the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 would mean "  the possibility of recovering the plane -- or at least the black boxes -- goes from being one in a million to almost certain , " said Simon Boxall , a lecturer in ocean and earth science at the University of Southampton . Up to 10 military planes and three civilian aircraft -- in addition to 11 ships -- searched Saturday for any sign of Flight 370 , according to Australian officials . The British submarine HMS Tireless was in the search area , Malaysia 's acting transport minister said . Retired Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , the chief coordinator of the JACC , said officials were considering deploying search assets to the specific area where the Chinese ship detected the pulse signal . Clancy : Never had a story with ` so few facts , so much speculation ' CNN 's Tom Watkins , Laura Smith-Spark , Will Ripley , Ingrid Formanek , Kevin Wang , Ben Brumfield , Pam Brown , Elizabeth Joseph , Aaron Cooper , Mike M. Ahlers and Rene Marsh contributed to this report .	Pulse signals may be from the airliner with 239 people aboard missing for almost a month They also could be some other pulse-emitting device or even natural sound Experts disagree on the likelihood the plane has been found Some question the report by China 's state-run news agency
London , England  CNN  -- It has been the official home of the British monarchy since 1837 . But for two nights , Buckingham Palace is being transformed into the canvas for a world record attempt of the biggest ever collaboration of artists into a single art installation . A majestic mosaic of Queen Elizabeth II projected on to the palace faÃ § ade is composed of over 200,000 self portraits of children from across the United Kingdom . As well as self portraits from children , some of Britain 's most well-known faces have submitted artwork for the project including award winning Grammy singer and songwriter Adele and Rolling Stones rocker Ronnie Wood . Gallery : From royal residence to record-breaking art The project , Face Britain comes from The Prince 's Foundation for Children and the Arts . The images will be projected on Buckingham Palace until 21 April . It aims to provide a platform to celebrate the nation 's younger generations in the lead up to this year 's Diamond Jubilee and Olympic Games .	Buckingham Palace will project the art installation from April 19-21 A montage of Queen Elizabeth II is made of over 200,000 self portraits of children from the U.K Project celebrates children in the year Britain hosts the Diamond Jubilee and Olympics
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- Surrounded by rubble , children swarm around a public well in this storm-ravaged city , where bodies are still lying in the streets days after a deadly typhoon struck . The children douse themselves with water and fill plastic cups and jugs . "  Even though we 're not sure that it is clean and safe , " Roselda Sumapit said , "  we still drink it , because we need to survive . " The scene on a street in the city of Tacloban is one of many CNN reporters and others have witnessed as residents deal with the death and destruction that Typhoon Haiyan left behind when the massive storm tore through the Philippines : ` Worse than hell ' in typhoon-ravaged Philippines ` We do n't have anything to eat ' As they searched for loved ones lost in the storm , desperate survivors asked for help . "  Our house got demolished , " one woman told CNN affiliate ABS-CBN . "  My father died after being hit by falling wooden debris . We are calling for your help . If possible , please bring us food . We do n't have anything to eat . " A man begged for forgiveness because he could n't save his daughter from the typhoon 's wrath . "  We all got separated from each other when the strong waves hit , " he told ABS-CBN . "  We got separated . I could n't even hold on to my child . " Another man said he was still trying to find six family members . "  My child has been buried in that island , " he said . ` I 'm going to die ' Shirley Lim still remembers the sounds she heard as the storm struck . The wind was so strong , she said , it sounded like someone was crying . "  It 's like the movie ` Twister , ' " she said . Speaking to CNN Monday from the city of Coron , Lim said one thought ran through her mind during the storm : "  I 'm going to die . " But Lim survived . Many homes in Coron were severely damaged by the typhoon , she said , as the howling winds ripped roofs off houses made of light material like bamboo . Prison inmates threaten breakout A man stands on a rooftop , threatening to jump . He is one of 672 inmates at a Tacloban prison , where food and water supplies ran out on Monday . Now , the prison 's warden says the inmates have given him a warning , threatening a mass breakout in one or two days if they do n't get food and water . From the prison 's rooftop , the inmate says he is devastated -- but he does n't mention food or drink . He says he does n't know what happened to his family during the storm . Desperate victims at airport Magina Fernandez 's voice cracks as she comes face to face with Philippines President Benigno Aquino III at Tacloban 's airport . Help , she says , has n't come quickly enough . "  We need to get the word out , " she tells him , "  because the Philippine government ca n't do this alone . " Fernandez was among the steady stream of typhoon victims arriving at the airport , searching for food , water and a chance to escape . She tells CNN she is desperate to leave the city . "  Get international help to come here now -- not tomorrow , now , " she says . "  This is really , really like bad , bad , worse than hell , worse than hell . " Water , wind and fire create catastrophe Fear spreads Richard Young wears a green whistle on a plastic strap around his neck . He has been carrying it since Saturday night when small groups started forming to defend his neighborhood . They stayed up all night , he says , prepared to whistle if they saw any looting . But whistles are n't the only thing they have , he says . Many also are carrying weapons . "  As long as they do n't harm my kids , my family , that 's OK , " he says . "  But once we are threatened , we will shoot . All of us , we are ready . " Already , the Filipino businessman says he 's been shocked at the looting he 's seen in the city -- not just food , he says , but large appliances like refrigerators and washing machines . Thieves , he says , have already ransacked his shop and others nearby . "  We are very afraid . ... In Tacloban we are almost 98 % Catholics , and I ca n't believe they did this , " he says . "  Nobody would think it 's going to be lawlessness . " ` We were just floating ' Tacloban City Councilor Cristina Gonzales-Romualdez and her husband , Mayor Alfred Romualdez were at their home facing the Pacific Ocean when the storm surge came , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported Tuesday . Suddenly , water burst into the home and rose so quickly , the people inside had to punch holes in the ceiling and climb to the second floor to avoid being swept away , Gonzales-Romualdez told the network . She found herself worried she would be swept out to sea . "  We were just floating , I was holding on to my kids , " she said . Bodies everywhere Days after the storm hit , bodies remain everywhere , some crudely covered , others exposed to the burning sun , CNN 's Paula Hancocks reports . Two bodies , one large and one small , lay under what appeared to be a bus shelter below a sign with the phrase , "  I  heart  Tacloban . " Officials tell Hancocks they are focusing on the living , but the bodies pose a health risk to survivors . "  The stench is overpowering , " she said . Shocked by the devastation Sebastian Rhodes Stampa knows devastation . The U.N. disaster assessment team chief has been to some of the worst crisis zones in the world . The devastation from Typhoon Haiyan simply took his breath away when he set foot in Tacloban . "  I have to say , I was caught by surprise , " he said Monday . "  Just getting off the military transport and looking at the airport , it almost was n't there . It was utterly destroyed . " Traveling the region , he has seen huge boats thrown from the sea well up onto shore , and buildings knocked flat by the towering storm surge . In all , he said , these are scenes of "  appalling devastation and tragedy . " Checkpoints on crucial road Police checkpoints appeared Monday on the 9-mile  15-kilomter  road from the airport to Tacloban . Officers told Hancocks that desperate residents looking for food and water had been jumping onto trucks leaving the airport . But CNN 's Andrew Stevens spent three to four hours in bumper-to-bumper traffic on the airport road and saw no aid trucks . "  We 're still going past dead bodies , we 're still going past a shattered landscape , " he reported . The Marine contingent brought trucks to increase the capacity to bring supplies into the city . Hundreds volunteer to pack aid At the provincial welfare office in Cebu , hundreds of volunteers pack food and supplies into sturdy white bags . An employee who gives his name as Richard tells CNN 's Anna Coren that students , workers and even tourists from Germany had arrived to help . "  I 'm deeply touched , " he said . Hospital without supplies A hand-drawn sign at the front of St. Paul 's Hospital in Tacloban gives a sense of the dire situation there . "  No admissions , " it says . "  No supplies . " Interactive map of the storm Without electricity at the large private hospital in this storm-ravaged city , workers used headlamps for light as they performed emergency first aid on victims who streamed in with wounds from flying debris . "  We just ca n't keep going , " one doctor says . "  There 's just no supplies . " Children ripped from arms Searching for family lost in the storm Splintered wood beams cover the ground where roads once connected a neighborhood near the coastline . Here , the storm surge plowed down homes , leaving behind mounds of rubble as far as the eye can see . Authorities pleaded with residents in the coastal area to evacuate as the storm approached . It 's unclear how many did , and how many may be missing . Amid the chaos , one man says he is searching for his father , brothers and uncles under the rubble . "  We all tried to leave , but it was too late , " he says . "  I got separated when the waters started rising . I do n't know what happened to them . " Devastation for miles From the air , the damage to Tacloban is striking . Forests of palm trees were mowed down on hills surrounding the city . Inside the city , the damage is catastrophic . The storm surge shoved massive freight ships ashore . Many buildings were flattened . Those that were n't had large chunks ripped away by ferocious waters and winds from the storm . William Hotchkiss , general director of the Philippines ' Civil Aviation Authority , says he 's never seen anything like it in decades of flying over the country after storms . He says he fears his country faces more disasters like this in the future . "  The biggest challenge , " he says , "  is to sort of come up with structures that will take into consideration what they call ` the new normal ' -- storms that are maybe as destructive as this one . " How to help Philippines gets more than its share of disasters CNN 's David Simpson , Tim Schwarz , Brad Olsen , Chandrika Narayan and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : "  My child has been buried , " one survivor says Contamination concerns take back seat as residents use what water they can find At a prison in Tacloban , inmates threaten to break out A hospital with no supplies turns away patients
Bastrop , Texas  CNN  -- Firefighters southeast of Austin , Texas , battled strong winds Monday as they struggled to gain ground against a fast-moving wildfire that has so far scorched some 25,000 acres and destroyed close to 500 homes . Another fire in eastern Texas killed a mother and her 18-month-old child when flames engulfed their mobile home Sunday near Gladewater , the Gregg County Sheriff 's Department said . "  We got a long way to go to get this thing contained , " Gov. Rick Perry said about the fire raging near Austin . "  I have seen a number of big fires in my life . This one is as mean looking as I 've ever seen . " Dozens of fires are burning across the parched state , the Texas Forest Service said Monday . Earlier , the governor issued a statement in which he called the wildfire situation in Texas "  severe " and said that all state resources were being made available to protect lives and property . "  We will pick up the pieces . We always do , " he told reporters . Texas is battling its worst fire season in state history . A record 3.5 million acres -- an area roughly the size of Connecticut , Perry said -- have burned since the start of the season in November as hot and dry weather , coupled with a historic drought , made conditions ripe for rapid fire growth . "  It 's a very serious , scary situation , " said Jan Amen , a Texas Forest Service spokeswoman . "  The drought has gone on so long -- it 's just bone dry . Anything that catches fire takes off . " Over the weekend , officials said low relative humidity and strong winds from Lee , which made landfall as a tropical storm but then weakened , further fanned the flames . A red flag warning was in effect for much of east , south and central Texas on Monday , with wind gusts of up to 35 mph in places , according to the National Weather Service . A fire broke out about 45 miles north of Houston Monday afternoon . It was moving between 15 and 20 mph and threatening homes , said Rhonda Reinholz with the Magnolia Volunteer Fire Department . Another fire burned in the Steiner Ranch subdivision in Travis County , forcing families out of their homes . Justin Allen evacuated from there with his five kids . Though he does not think the flames will reach their house , which is tucked near the back of the development , they are close enough to worry about , he said . "  It 's pretty scary , " said Allen . "  And it 's really sad for everyone that 's in that path . " The outbreak of wildfires prompted Perry to return to Texas from South Carolina , where he was scheduled to participate in a forum for Republican presidential candidates . The massive , uncontained fire in Bastrop County , near Austin , was the state 's largest Monday . It destroyed 476 homes , according to Bastrop County Judge Ronnie McDonald , and threatened about 1,000 others , officials with the forest service 's incident management team reported . About 5,000 residents evacuated as flames approached , officials said . Lisa Ross learned she needed to leave her Bastrop home when her husband called 911 after realizing a looming fire had darkened the skies above . "  You learn what is valuable in life , and it is n't the stuff , " she said . "  It 's people in your life , and what means something to you . " Cars crammed with belongings and pets packed a gas station on a highway near Austin , attorney Jonathan A. Zendeh Del said . "  I 've lived in Texas almost all my life , and I 've never seen a fire that big in central Texas , " he said . Officials issued a boil water notice for parts of Bastrop Monday . Dark clouds of smoke billowing across the sky could be seen miles from the fire . Satellite images Monday showed the fire stretching over about 25,000 acres , jumping the Colorado River and a highway , the Texas Forest Service said . More evacuations are likely as the fire spreads , officials said . Already , hundreds of people are in shelters as dangerous flames keep them from finding out whether their homes survived . "  We have been told already from three people that live in that area that our house has been burnt . I had a gut feeling that it did not , but now it 's looking worse and worse , " said Gisele Vocal , an evacuee . "  We just have to wait now . " Firefighters used Black Hawk helicopters to douse flames with a mixture of water and fire retardant Monday , officials said . The fire forced parts of state highways 71 and 21 to shut and additional road closures were expected . At least 63 new fires across Texas on Sunday burned nearly 33,000 acres , the state 's fire service said . Fires were reported in at least 17 counties . CNN 's Jim Spellman , Antoinette Campbell , Chris Welch , Paul Steinhauser , Shawna Shephard , Stephanie Gallman and Anna Gonzalez contributed to this report .	Another fire breaks out near Houston Gov. Rick Perry cautions Texans : "  We got a long way to go " A fire southeast of Austin has destroyed close to 500 homes Two people are killed in a separate , eastern Texas wildfire
CNN  -- After 17 years as Chicago 's archbishop , the ailing Cardinal Francis George welcomed his pending retirement Saturday with praise for his successor -- and words of relief . The Vatican on Saturday announced that Pope Francis had accepted George 's resignation as archbishop and chosen Blase Cupich , bishop of Spokane , Washington , as the man who will succeed George in leading the Chicago area 's 2.3 million Catholics in November . The 77-year-old George , who has been battling kidney cancer , told reporters that he 'll look forward to advising the Pope as cardinal through various committees , as health permits . But leaving the archbishop post will be a relief , partly because health problems have made it difficult for him to focus fully on his duties . "  This is a full-time job , so I am relieved and grateful that somebody who can do it full time will be in charge , " George said at a news conference in Chicago on Saturday morning . George , the first Chicago native to lead the archdiocese , submitted his resignation when he turned 75 in 2012 . Church law requires bishops to offer to quit at 75 , though it is not uncommon for the Pope to let them continue in their posts . Yet his required resignation offer also came in a year he was diagnosed with cancer . The cancer was dormant for a year after chemotherapy in 2012 , but it showed new signs of activity this year , the Chicago archdiocese said . After more chemotherapy , the archdiocese said in August that George agreed to participate in a University of Chicago trial of a new drug aimed at boosting his immune system to fight the disease , according to the archdiocese . Pope to visit Philadelphia next year for conference Cupich , talking to reporters with George , said one of this top priorities was to get to know his new flock . He currently serves 100,000 Catholics in his Spokane post , which he began in 2010 . "  This is an enormous upgrade , so to speak , " said Cupich , who also was bishop of Rapid City , South Dakota , from 1998 to 2010 . "  I want to get to know each and every one of you , so I hope that you 'll be patient with me . " He said he would know which priorities to stress after he spends more time in the area . But when asked what his priorities were for Hispanics , who are a significant portion of Chicago 's Catholics , he offered what he thought politicians should be doing . "  We need comprehensive immigration reform , " Cupich said . " ... Every day we delay it is a day too long , and we should move on it today . " Cupich , like many archbishops settling into their new jobs in recent years , also will spend time assessing where his archdiocese is with priesthood sex abuse allegations . The church has been hit by many accusations of child abuse from across the United States and Europe , stretching back decades . In 2011 , plantiffs ' attorneys announced the Chicago archdiocese agreed to pay $ 3.2 million to settle a 2007 lawsuit that alleged church leaders failed to remove a priest that they knew had sexually abused minors . In January 2014 , the archdiocese said it would release to a plaintiffs ' lawyer documents related to 30 priests who 'd been accused of abusing minors during the last 50 years . The archdiocese said 95 % of those cases happened before 1988 , and no priest with a substantiated allegation of sexual abuse of a minor currently served in the archdiocese . "  Cupich will  be fully briefed , " George said Saturday . "  When I  became archbishop  , I sat down for half a day and went through every single case , and that will happen here , too . " George praised Cupich as a man of "  deep faith , a quick intelligence , personal commitment and varied pastoral experience . " George and Cupich , a Nebraska native , will remain in their current posts until Cupich is installed as Chicago archbishop November 18 . Pope John Paul II named George as Chicago archbishop in 1997 . A year later , the Pontiff elevated George to cardinal , enabling him to participate in the conclaves that selected the next two Popes , Benedict XVI and Francis .	Cardinal Francis George stepping down after 17 years as Chicago archbishop Spokane Bishop Blase Cupich chosen to succeed George George resigned as required at age 75 in 2012 , but Pope did n't accept it until now George has been battling kidney cancer
CNN  -- A Peruvian police report leaked Monday says the alleged victim of Joran van der Sloot was found in his hotel room on the floor , half-dressed . The report provides new details about the hours before Stephany Flores ' body was found . Van der Sloot , who was twice arrested in connection with the disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway in Aruba in 2005 , is in Peruvian custody as a suspect in the killing of Flores , 21 . According to the document , the Hotel Tac , where van der Sloot was staying , received a call from someone looking for him about 11 p.m. June 1 . The receptionist forwarded the call , but no one answered . The hotel worker assumed that van der Sloot was asleep because the room key was with him and not the front desk . About an hour later , according to the police report , the receptionist noticed that van der Sloot owed money for two nights and went up to his room , where her knocks went unanswered . The television was blaring , so the hotel employee figured he was resting , the report says . Afterward , the hotel supervisor told the employee to go back to van der Sloot 's room and enter using a spare key . When the employee went in , she found Flores ' body on the floor , dressed in a black T-shirt and red panties , half-covered with a piece of white clothing , the police report said . Flores was bleeding from her nose , the report said . The hotel employee became frightened at the sight and went to alert her supervisor and the police , turning off the television and lights on her way out of the room , the report said . In Session 's Jean Casarez and CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Police report says Stephany Flores found half-dressed Joran van der Sloot is suspect in Flores ' killing Hotel receptionist found Flores ' body
Google is reportedly working on a video game console that would be powered by its Android operating system , potentially putting another huge tech player in an arena dominated by Microsoft , Sony and Nintendo . Oh , and The Wall Street Journal reports Google is working on a smartwatch , too . Like almost everybody else in the industry . Both a console and a watch would be moves to undercut rival Apple , which is widely expected to roll out its own smartwatch and is reportedly planning to add gaming as part of the next iteration of its Apple TV product . Citing unnamed sources who have been "  briefed on the matter , " the Journal also said Google is planning to release a revamped Nexus Q , a media-streaming device that was announced but never released for sale to the public . An Android gaming console would come on the heels of the release of OUYA , a $ 99 , open-platform console that runs on a version of the Google operating system . After raising $ 8 million on Kickstarter , OUYA went on sale to the public on Wednesday . Demand for the new console appears to be strong ; it was sold out on Amazon earlier this week . READ : Ouya 's profile in The CNN 10 : Startups to watch If the console report is true , it remains to be seen whether Google would go for the OUYA model of a more affordable , accessible system or try to compete with the so-called Big Three -- Sony 's PlayStation , Microsoft 's Xbox and Nintendo 's Wii U. All three carry heftier pricetags but are more powerful and more well-established in the gaming world , with new games developed specifically for the devices . An Android-powered smartwatch would enter Google in what 's becoming a crowded , if largely still theoretical , field . Credible leaks have most analysts convinced that Apple has a smartwatch in the works . In recent months , Samsung and LG have confirmed they 're working on connected watches , as well . READ : More than a watch -- Apple 's entry into wearable tech And a handful of those watches , a leading item in the emerging field of "  wearable tech , " are already on the market . Consider Pebble , another Kickstarter success story . A Google watch could partner with arguably the most exciting wearable tech product to date : Google 's Glass connected headset . Google did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment for this story .	Report : Google is working on a video-game console Console would run Google 's Android operating system Wall Street Journal also says company will make a smartwatch
CNN  -- Joe Jackson , the Jackson family patriarch , suffered a stroke Thursday morning and is being treated in a Las Vegas hospital , a source close to the Jackson family said . Jackson , 83 , "  is in very good spirits " and expects to be sent home from the hospital Friday , said the source , who asked not to be identified . The "  mild " stroke is similar to two others he suffered in the past five years , another source close to Jackson said . Joe Jackson created and managed the Jackson 5 , the legendary R&B and pop group made up of his sons , including Michael Jackson . Although he is still married to Jackson matriarch Katherine Jackson , they live separately . He has a home in Las Vegas , while his wife lives in Calabasas , California , with Michael Jackson 's three children . Despite his age , Jackson remains active in developing and promoting several businesses and products . Michael Jackson 's assistant accuses promoter in star 's death	Joe Jackson , 83 , "  is in very good spirits " following a stroke , a source says It is Jackson 's 3rd "  mild " stroke in five years , another source says He created the Jackson 5 , the legendary R&B and pop group made up of his sons
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Most people like gossip . Come on ! You do too . Do n't you glance every once in a while at US Weekly , In Touch , Page Six ? And how about that Spitzer scandal -- even I ca n't get enough of that one . A freshman talks about how cruel postings on the Juicy Campus web site have tainted her college experience . But what happens when the gossip is about you or your boyfriend or your kid ? And what if it 's there on the Internet , for the entire world to see on a Web site called Juicy Campus ? That 's what happened to Jane Smith  her name has been changed to protect her privacy  , a college freshman I spoke with recently . She said she learned from a friend that her name had been posted on the Web site and people were anonymously posting not so nice things about her . Things like she was promiscuous , "  ugly , " "  overrated , " "  racist . " Things she says are not true . Her post has received over a thousand page views -- in non-techie speak , everyone is reading and writing about her . She even got a request for a "  hook up " from a guy hundreds of miles away at another college . She told me that when she read the posts , she felt like she had been kicked in the stomach . She called her parents in the middle of the night crying . She has lost weight , has trouble sleeping , and has become suspicious of those around her . She told me that it has ruined her freshman year -- and will likely taint her entire college experience . Watch how campus poison pens inflict pain " So what is Juicy Campus and who is behind it ? Juicy Campus is a Web site , founded on August 1 , 2007 , which claims to have "  the simple mission of enabling online anonymous free speech on college campuses . " The site allows and encourages posters to anonymously post uncensored gossip and rumors -- the juicier the better -- about others . There is a separate section on the site for each college or university , over 60 campuses at last count . Some recent posts discuss the breasts of a professor , sluttiest girls and sexiest guys on campus . Some posts even contain racist , sexist and anti-Semitic remarks . Juicy , huh ? It was founded by a Duke alum , a former frat house president who has gone to lengths to keep his identity secret . We tried to reach him for comment . He did n't return our calls or e-mails . Instead , we received this not-so-juicy statement from a publicist : "  While there has been much attention given to the critics ... Thousands of students from across the country have written in to request that their campus be added . " Come on ! Why is he hiding ? Jane ca n't even sue him . In fact , there is little she can do . Juicy Campus and similar Web sites are protected under Communications Decency Act of 1996 . The Act aims to shield Web publishers from liability for libelous comments posted by third parties . The section states "  no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider . " Juicy Campus is one of those sites that openly hides behind its immunity . The site 's Frequently Asked Questions page states : "  There is no way for someone using the site to find out who you are . And we at Juicy Campus are not keeping track of who you are or what you post . In fact , we prefer not to know who you are . We like to think that famous people like Justin Timberlake and Beyonce are using our site . We love them ... " But what about those cowards , I mean posters , who like to call people names behind the wizard 's curtain of protection provided by the Communications Decency Act ? The First Amendment certainly protects free speech , even unpopular speech . Opinions are protected . The truth is protected . But lies are not . To successfully sue the posters , Jane would have to show that they made false and defamatory statements about her  racist and slutty would qualify , I think  published them to a third party  I read them  and that her reputation was damaged  check  . In fact , most jurisdictions also recognize "  per se " defamation , where the allegations are presumed to cause damage to the plaintiff , such as attacks on a person 's professional character or standing ; allegations that an unmarried person is unchaste ; a person is infected with a sexually transmitted disease or has committed a crime of "  moral turpitude . " Should Jane sue the pants off the posters ? How would she find them ? When you file a civil lawsuit against even an anonymous individual , a judge can issue a subpoena . Juicy Campus says it will respond to any "  lawful subpoena . " A subpoena could reveal a poster 's IP address . But in the end , it really is sooooo high school . Actually , it 's more grade school . So Juicy Campus posters , come out , come out wherever you are . Or Jane , file a lawsuit and find them . E-mail to a friend	College gossip site Juicy Campus allows anonymous posting Some of the postings are gossipy , others are cruel Opinions are protected under the law , lies are not Legal action may be difficult unless site cooperates in identifying posters
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Charles and his wife , Camilla , visited a camp for Syrian refugees in Jordan on Wednesday . The camp , run by the United Nations , UNICEF and Save the Children , is home to about 1,000 people who have fled the two-year Syrian civil war . Jordan has been receiving about 7,000 new refugees a day , according to UNICEF . While at the camp , children sang to the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall . The cost of war : 2 million Syrian children afflicted by trauma , disease , malnutrition Their visit comes on the same day Save the Children issued a report saying that more than 2 million children have been afflicted by trauma , malnutrition or disease during the Syrian civil war . The war has interfered with vaccination efforts across the country , the group said . About two-thirds of Syrian children lack vaccinations for preventable diseases , according to the group 's report . In addition , one in three children have been injured in the warfare , the report said . Meanwhile , in Syria , the European Union said Wednesday that an employee of its delegation in Syria died in a rocket attack in Derava , a Damascus suburb . Ahmad Shihadeh died while providing humanitarian assistance to residents of the city , where he also lived , the EU said . Syrian regime losing grip on border with Iraq CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : European Union official killed in rocket attack in Syria Jordan averages about 7,000 new Syrian refugees daily , UNICEF says The Syria civil war began about two years ago Report : The war has afflicted more than 2 million children with trauma , malnutrition or disease
CNN  -- A new SARS-like virus recently found in humans continues to spread -- with the worldwide total now at 49 , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . Of the 49 known infections with the MERS-CoV virus , 27 have resulted in death , the organization said . The latest deaths were reported in Saudi Arabia . The Saudi health ministry said Wednesday that three people died from their infections in the country 's eastern region . The virus is "  a threat to the entire world , " the WHO 's general director said Monday . 5 things to know about the coronavirus It "  is not a problem that any single affected country can keep to itself or manage all by itself , " Margaret Chan said Monday in her closing remarks at the 66th World Assembly in Geneva , Switzerland . Although many of the cases have occurred on the Arabian Peninsula , people have died of the infection elsewhere . However , "  all of the European cases have had a direct or indirect connection to the Middle East , " the WHO said earlier this month . But "  in France and the United Kingdom , there has been limited local transmission among close contacts who had not been to the Middle East but had been in contact with a traveler recently returned from the Middle East . " On Tuesday , a patient died in France after having contracted the virus during a trip to the Middle East , the WHO reported . Coronaviruses cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to SARS , or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome , as well as a variety of animal diseases . However , the new virus is not SARS . The WHO recently gave it a more specific name : Middle East respiratory symptom coronavirus , or MERS-CoV . It acts like a cold virus and attacks the respiratory system , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said . But symptoms , which include fever and a cough , are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . Health officials do not yet know much about how the virus spreads , which makes it hard for scientists to prevent infections , Chan said . The WHO is calling for the world to pull together its resources to study and tackle the virus . New virus is a ` threat to the entire world '	Of 49 known infections , 27 have ended in death Symptoms are cold-like but are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure The WHO calls the MERS-CoV virus "  a threat to the entire world "
CNN  -- An Ohio man accused of murder , rape and holding three women in a Cleveland house against their will pleaded not guilty Wednesday . His attorney said it was an effort to stave off a death penalty and an arduous trial . Ariel Castro , 52 , wore an orange jumpsuit , kept his head bowed and did n't speak as attorneys entered the plea on their client 's behalf at his brief arraignment in a Cleveland courtroom . He was indicted last week on 329 counts . Defense attorney Craig Weintraub , speaking to reporters after the arraignment , said some charges in the indictment "  can not be disputed . " But the plea -- targeting the murder accusations and the specter of a death penalty -- signals an effort to forge a "  resolution " and avoid a trial , he said . Two counts accuse Castro of aggravated murder for purposely causing the unlawful termination of pregnancies . Police say one of the young women he is accused of holding was impregnated five times by Castro , and another bore a child fathered by him . Weintraub told reporters that the plea "  requires the prosecutor to continue to evaluate their case and determine whether medical and forensic evidence can actually support an aggravated murder conviction for the death of a fetus and whether the death penalty is warranted . " Rescued women ` happy and safe , ' attorneys say The prosecutor released a statement saying a capital review committee will consider whether the case is appropriate for seeking the death penalty once the indictment process is complete . Weintraub , Castro 's attorney , acknowledged that "  in all likelihood , the prosecutor 's decision will be predicated upon the opinions of medical and forensic experts , and more importantly , whether the women in this case want this case to go to trial for those limited issues . " "  We are very sensitive to the emotional strain and impact that a trial would have on the women , their families and this community , " the lawyer said . "  Mr. Castro currently faces hundreds of years in prison with the current charges , and it is our hope that we can continue to work toward a resolution to avoid having an unnecessary trial about aggravated murder and the death penalty . " Life during and after the abductions Ian Friedman , a Cleveland criminal defense attorney , told CNN 's Piers Morgan later Wednesday that Castro 's defense team appeared to be laying out a scenario that ends with their client spending the rest of his life behind bars . "  Do n't bring the death penalty , there will be a plea , let 's do life , " Friedman said , offering his take on their strategy . The charges cover only half of the 10 years the three women allegedly were held captive -- from August 2002 , when the first of the three disappeared off a Cleveland street , to February 2007 . In addition to the two murder counts , the indictment charges Castro with 139 counts of rape , 177 counts of kidnapping , seven counts of gross sexual imposition , three counts of felonious assault and one count of possession of criminal tools , prosecutors said . Castro 's case has attracted national attention because of the unusual length and depravity of the alleged crimes . "  The horrific brutality and torture that the victims endured for a decade is beyond comprehension , " Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty has said . ` Please do n't let me go , ' Cleveland kidnap victim told officers The women were freed last month after one of the three shouted for help while Castro was away from his 1,400-square-foot home . The women have been identified as Michelle Knight , abducted at age 21 in August 2002 ; Amanda Berry , who was kidnapped at age 16 in April 2003 and has a 6-year-old daughter allegedly fathered by Castro ; and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , who was 14 when she disappeared in 2004 . Lawyers for the women expressed confidence and satisfaction after the indictment came down last week . Jim Wooley , attorney for Berry and DeJesus , and speaking on behalf of Knight , said Wednesday that "  days like today are not easy . " "  We understand the legal process needs to run its course , " he said . "  We are hopeful for a just and prompt resolution . We have great faith in the prosecutor 's office and the court . " DeJesus knew Ariel Castro , her family told CNN affiliate WOIO . She was a good friend of Castro 's daughter , Arlene . One year after DeJesus ' disappearance , Arlene Castro publicly crusaded to find her friend 's kidnapper . In spring 2005 she went on the national television program "  America 's Most Wanted " to plead for help in finding her friend . Ariel Castro gave ex-daughter-in-law the ` heebie-jeebies ' Ariel Castro attended at least two public vigils for the missing girls while they were allegedly inside his home , relatives told WOIO . Castro , a former school bus driver , remains in a Cleveland jail on $ 8 million bond . He made a brief court appearance soon after his arrest . Handcuffed and wearing a blue jumpsuit , he looked down throughout that hearing and did not speak . Castro 's brothers : Ariel fooled us CNN 's Jason Hanna and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	NEW : A lawyer says he believes the defense is willing to accept a life sentence Ariel Castro is accused of holding three woman against their will for close to a decade Castro , 52 , was indicted last week on 329 counts , including kidnapping and rape The defense signals an effort to forge a "  resolution " and avoid trial
CNN  -- South Korea will step up security at Incheon International Airport following a plot uncovered last week to send bombs from Yemen to the United States . The busy passenger and cargo hub serving the capital , Seoul , will inspect all air cargo coming from destinations on a list of 20 suspected terrorism-sponsoring nations following the discovery , the customs office said , according to the Yonhap news agency . On Friday , authorities in the United Arab Emirates and Britain found two packages with explosives that were destined for synagogues in Chicago , Illinois , that U.S. investigators believe may be linked to an al Qaeda bomb maker , who is thought to be in Yemen . Yemen and the United Arab Emirates are on the list of nations suspected of sponsoring terrorism , according to Yonhap . The move comes ahead of this month 's G20 summit in Seoul , which will see top officials from the world 's economic powers coming to South Korea . Passenger security will also be increased . "  Incheon International Airport will strengthen the Security Screening at security check points and the entrance of passenger terminal for the safety of passengers , " a statement on the airport 's website said .	Cargo inspections to increase at Incheon Airport Passenger security checks will also be expanded The move comes ahead of this month 's G20 summit in Seoul
CNN  -- Former England forward and Harlequins director of rugby Dean Richards has been banned from coaching for three years for his part in masterminding a fake blood injury to one of his players . Tom Williams spitting fake blood from his mouth in a match between Harlequins and Leinster . The 46-year-old was hit with disciplinary action after a hearing by an independent European Rugby Cup  ERC  panel found he had "  organized the fabrication of a blood injury " on wing Tom Williams during a European Cup quarterfinal match against Leinster . With his side trailing by one point Williams , under instructions from Richards , faked a cut in his mouth with a capsule of fake blood , thereby allowing goal-kicker Nick Evans to return to the field of play . The plan may have worked if Williams had not winked to the oncoming player as he left the pitch , an action that infuriated their opponents Leinster . The ERC confirmed in a statement on their official Web site that Richards had acknowledged his role as the orchestrator of the plan that has since been dubbed "  bloodgate , " and the subsequent cover up of the injury . Watch journalists discuss club 's ` shame ' " Richards was initially cleared of improper conduct by a hearing in July in which Williams was given a 12-month ban , but the verdict was challenged by ERC disciplinary officer Roger O'Connor . Further evidence came to light in an appeal made by Williams before an admission of guilt by Dean Richards , who recently resigned from his position with Harlequins , prompted the ban . The ERC appeal committee chairman Rod McKenzie said details of four other incidents of Harlequins faking injuries had been passed to the relevant authorities . Williams 's ban was reduced to four months and the fine imposed on Harlequins has been increased from $ 340,000 to $ 425,000 -- the club still awaits to hear whether they will be expelled from this season 's European Cup . The physiotherapist for the London-based club , Steph Brennan , has also been banned for two-years . Richards had not decided whether to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport but reacted to his ban by telling reporters : "  I 'm surprised . Three years is a long time but I 'll reflect on it overnight . "  I took full responsibility for it . It was a farcical situation , it really was . It did n't pan out particularly well on the day . Everybody looked at it and thought , ` That 's unreal ' , which is what I thought on the touchline as well . "  But I had to hold my hands up , " Richards added .	Ex-England rugby player Dean Richards is hit with three-year coaching ban Richards admitted orchestrating a fake blood injury to one of his players The 46-year-old also admitted a subsequent cover up of the operation Wing Tom Williams had 12-month ban reduced to four on appeal
CNN  -- A hacker publicly posted Wednesday the home addresses and other information of all 102 police officers with San Francisco 's Bay Area Transit system , the second hacking incident against one of its websites since Sunday , a spokesman said . The website for the BART Police Officers Association was broken into Wednesday morning , and the names and phone numbers of its entire membership were also posted publicly on the Internet , BART spokesman James K. Allison said . The officers association , or union , took down their website after the hacking incident , Allison said . It was n't clear Wednesday who was to blame for the latest hacking incident . In the prior hacking incident on Sunday , members of the well-known hacking group Anonymous took credit in online messages for breaking into a link off BART 's website , and information from BART 's internal network was posted , including phone numbers of hundreds of people . BART has been at the center of controversy about shootings by its officers , the latest being last month that resulted in the death of Charles Hill , 45 . BART officials denounced Wednesday 's hacking . "  We condemn this latest attack on the working men and women of BART , " interim general manager Sherwood Wakeman said in a statement . "  We are deeply concerned about the safety and security of our employees and their families . We stand behind them and our customers who were the subject of an earlier attack . We are deeply troubled by these actions . " Meanwhile , protestors are planning to hold demonstrations next Monday at BART 's Civic Center subway station , and transit system officials are planning to beef up security , Allison said . "  We 're getting prepared to keep our customers safe as always , " Allison told CNN . Last Thursday , protestors tried to organize a public demonstration , but BART officials cut off cell phone signals at some subway stations "  as one of many tactics to ensure the safety of everyone on the platform , " officials said . But the decision to cut cell service was criticized by civil liberty organizations , the San Francisco Chronicle 's editorial page and others . The August 11 protests never materialized . After the transit system 's shut down cell phone signals , Anonymous threatened in a news release and related Twitter pages that it would make a cyberattack Sunday on the BART website . Then , on Monday night , BART officials temporarily opened and closed downtown subway stations to stem the threat of spreading protests , with police officers in riot gear standing at the Civic Center station . Only small groups of protestors gathered on the streets to criticize BART and its officers ' shooting incidents .	A hacker posts personal info of all 102 BART police officers It 's unclear who 's to blame for Wednesday 's hacking Another BART website was hacked into Sunday BART is at the center of controversy over shootings , cutting cell service
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' comments Friday may become the most scrutinized apology in history , fodder for dinner tables and Internet chat rooms alike : Was he genuine ? Was it a PR stunt ? Can he do anything to restore people 's faith in him ? The biggest knock on golf 's biggest star is that it took him three months to utter any words publicly about his infidelity and then did so in a controlled environment . That 's a no-no , according to apology etiquette . "  If you have to take time to say ` sorry , ' you 're not being authentic . We do n't need extra time to rationalize whether we 're sorry or not , " said Glenn Llopis , the founder of the Center for Innovation & Humanity , a California-based think tank . It seems everyone is apologizing for everything these days . In February alone , there has been a bevy of "  I 'm sorries , " from a tearful John Mayer for his use of the n-word to Toyota 's top boss for the automaker 's repeated shortcomings . But do apologies still carry weight , or does the flood of mea culpas dilute their meaning ? Lauren Bloom , a business ethics expert and the author of "  The Art of the Apology , " says , "  It 's never too late to say ` I 'm sorry . ' "  But saying ` I 'm sorry ' in a tightly controlled environment , " she says , "  makes it look more and more like an exercise in ` let 's check the box and do what my PR people tell me to do . ' " Woods delivered his apology in front of a small hand-picked crowd that was not allowed to ask questions . "  I was unfaithful . I had affairs . I cheated , " he said . "  I am the only person to blame . " Read full story about Woods ' apology How would Bloom rate Woods ' authenticity ? "  I thought he was very authentic , " she said , adding with a laugh , "  He was most authentic when he was attacking the media . " "  But I think he was very sincere . I think he had a very tough thing to say today , and he sucked it up and did well . " Bloom has six essentials to an effective apology : Say sorry sincerely ; take responsibility ; make amends ; express appreciation to fans and friends who have stuck by you ; listen to the people affected by your actions ; and do better next time . "  He did pretty well . He checked all the boxes , " she said . "  We now have got to see changed behavior . ... I hope he follows through on it . I think America would love to welcome him back . " Watch Tiger Woods ' apology Bloom says the importance of an apology should n't be overlooked . There was a time , she says , when people viewed apologizing for your actions as weak . That perception has since changed , because Americans now recognize that people are inherently flawed . "  Folks are starting to wake up to that , " she said . "  Most of the time , people are ready to forgive and forget . " Who has given an effective public apology ? She says actor Hugh Grant , who hit the talk show circuit immediately after his infamous encounter with a prostitute in 1995 . A bad apology ? John Edwards , according to Bloom . "  Serial apologies , " she says , "  they never work . " In his apology , Woods said that he had undergone 45 days of in-patient treatment and that he would return to therapy Saturday . "  I have a long way to go , but I 've taken my first steps , " Woods said . "  I need to regain my balance and be centered . " Therapist Gregory Jantz , who has treated sex addiction for 25 years , says relapse is common . His Seattle-based facility has seen only a 5 percent "  full recovery " of addicts . "  This is not a go-into-rehab-and-be-finished type of addiction . " An apology is important and a good step in the recovery process , Jantz says , but from a therapist 's standpoint , it was important to hear him say : "  Not only did I goof up , but I need ongoing help . " As for Llopis , he says Woods might 've won some people over . "  He did a fairly good attempt to capture the heart , but is he forgiven for what he 's done ? No , " he said . "  There 's nothing he can say in my book , " he added , "  that would make me view him as authentic and genuine and human again . "	"  If you have to take time to say ` sorry , ' you 're not being authentic , " ethicist says Tiger Woods ' apology the latest "  I 'm sorry " in February Society needs apologies , but "  serial apologies ... never work , " business ethics expert says
New York  CNN  -- Who am I ? I used to think the simplest explanation was black and white . But I 've recently discovered that the truth is much more colorful . Because I 've spent most of my adult life being mistaken for everything but who I am -- Moroccan , Brazilian , mixed African-American and white American , Israeli , Palestinian , the list goes on -- the very question has inspired me to embark on a travel adventure back through time in search of answers . This is what I know for sure : Ethnically , I am a New York City born woman of Dominican parentage . I self identify as a Latina , Dominican-American and Latino-American , interchangeably . But racially , through the science of DNA testing and tracing my family 's own migration story , I 've begun to receive confirmation of what I 've always believed to be true not only for myself but many of the 47 million-plus Latino-Americans across the country : the subject of race in our community is kaleidoscopic , more complicated than what the census 2010 checkboxes offer . Last year , as part of a documentary project I began developing , my father and I took ancestral DNA tests . Our racial background had become somewhat of an urban myth in my family : are we Jewish , African , Spanish , aliens perhaps ? Instead of checking off the usual black , white and American Indian options I 've become way too comfortable with because of my racial ambiguity , I decided it was time to solve my familial puzzle and , at once , break out of the Other box . I found out through Bennett Greenspan , founder of the Houston based commercial genetic genealogy company , Family Tree DNA , was that who I am is "  the face of miscegenation in the New World . " And the journey is just beginning . My mother 's mother 's mother 's direct maternal line is L3d , a subgroup of African descent ,  we found matches in Guinea-Bissau  . My father 's maternal ancestry is Native American , from an "  extremely rare " line of Amerindians . Finally , my father 's paternal lineage is Arabic , perhaps Berber , entering Spain through North Africa . With a growing number of Latinos becoming vested in discovering their ancestral roots -- a Tejana friend of mine from Austin , Texas , recently learned she belongs to a Central Asian group that reputedly descends from Genghis Khan -- the subject of race within our community will enable us to self-identify in ways our parents ' generation could only dream of . As our numbers grow to more than 130 million in the next several decades , so will the racial landscape of the nation shift radically . One may offer a convincing argument about health care and the economy being more worthwhile issues uniting and affecting all Americans . But race still matters . Couple anti-immigration hysteria and a 41 percent spike in hate crimes against Latinos over the past six years with a troubled economy , and one may find a pressure cooker waiting to explode . While the census form is supposed to help show the sociopolitical climate and composition of America , it only underscores how out of touch its architects truly are . From the reintroduction of the offensive term "  Negro " that will undoubtedly put off many Latino-Americans , to the failed attempt at engaging the hip-hop generation with a cloying rap commercial , the U.S. Census Bureau is alienating the very people it 's spending millions of dollars trying to target . On the one hand , it 's important for every citizen to be counted because the information collected determines how $ 400 billion dollars of federal funding is allocated to public schools , hospitals , job training centers and more . However , the hotly debated question number 9 on the census only serves to prove that even after making history by electing our first African and white-American president , our society has only managed to place a "  post-racial " Band-Aid over the subject of race in the United States . While we collectively continue to ignore the festering wound , I intend on honoring my ancestors on the census form by rejecting the term "  Negro " and opting to identify my African , Amerindian and Arabic roots by filling in the blanks under "  some other race . " I hope by the time the next census rolls around , we 'll realize the ideal of living in a post-racial society by recognizing that our citizens are more diverse than the flat picture that 's being drawn now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Raquel Cepeda .	Raquel Cepeda says she identifies as a Latina and a Dominican-American She says genetic testing confirms her ancestory is a kaleidoscopic mix She says census form shows that its architects are out of touch We 're more diverse than the one-dimensional picture census draws , Cepeda says
CNN  -- Ebola is no laughing matter , especially not at airports or on planes , where screenings have gotten tighter . So , when a man on a flight on Wednesday may have joked that he had been to Africa and had the deadly disease , he received a special escort off the plane . Four officials in blue plastic hazmat suits boarded U.S. Airways Flight 845 to retrieve him after it landed in Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic . "  I was just kidding , " he could be heard saying in a video posted to social media . "  I ai n't from Africa ! " he continued , as he walked with the officials down the aisle of the plane . The Dominican officials had met the plane coming from Philadelphia on the tarmac "  due to a possible health issue on board , " U.S. Airways said in statement . "  We are following the direction of , and strictly adhering to , all Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  guidelines in place for airlines in response to the Ebola virus , " the airline said . Changes coming to airports in Ebola scare Before the men came aboard in their bubble-like suits , a flight attendant prepared passengers for what they were about to see . Sit down and listen , she told them . "  It 's going to look worse than it is , " she said over the PA system . The glow of cell phone cameras filled the cabin and videos of what happened later hit social media . The attendant spared the passenger who made the comment no indignity . She had seen nothing like this in 36 years of flying , she said . "  I think the man that has said this is an idiot , and I 'll say that straight out , and if you hear me that 's fine , " she announced . Then she introduced the men wearing hazmat suits over bulky breathing apparatuses . Passengers reacted with astonishment , anger and fear . "  He was coughing and hacking the whole time ... that 's not something you joke about , " said Bree Manning , a passenger sitting directly behind the man . "  People started getting annoyed and just wanted him to be taken off by the police , at the very least , " said Manning . Complete coverage on Ebola Others covered their faces and scooted away in their seats . "  Do n't touch this guy , " someone could be heard saying . A boo or two went through the cabin as the man walked by . Once he was off , the officials checked the plane then gave it clearance . CNN has not been able to confirm the comment the man allegedly made , but according to local media reports in the Dominican Republic citing the airport 's director of operations , it was : "  I have Ebola . You 're all screwed . " Opinion : Get proactive about screening for Ebola	A man on U.S. Airways Flight 845 made a comment about having Ebola The plane was met by officials in hazmat suits As they escorted him from board , social media video recorded him He tells them that he was joking , that he is "  not from Africa "
CNN  -- Lawrence Anthony is an all-action conservationist . The 60-year-old South African grew up in small towns in Malawi , Zimbabwe and Zambia and developed an affinity with nature from an early age . "  I grew up in the African bush and I formed an early relationship with the African bush which has stayed with me , " he told CNN . "  As I 've grown older I 've watched the deterioration -LSB- of the natural world -RSB- , and it really concerns me . " He took action to become a conservationist and created his own game reserve in South Africa 's KwaZulu-Natal region , but he 's also taken his passion across borders . Hiring a car from Kuwait he drove into Iraq during the war there in 2003 to rescue animals from Baghdad zoo . He admits it was more naivete rather than bravery , but once he had managed to get the zoo under some sort of control  which had only around 30 animals left  , he ventured out to save even more animals . "  Uday Hussein had lions that were rumored to be man-eaters , that he 'd fed them love rivals and things like that . The whole of Baghdad was talking about it back then . It was very difficult . It was n't the lions ' fault ; they 're just lions . I refused to let anyone harm them , and thankfully they are still alive today , " he said . Returning to South Africa in 2004 he set up The Earth Organization and expanded his international conservation efforts . He prepared a document that was presented to the United Nations as a draft resolution to make all wildlife parks and conservation areas protected in times of war and their abuse classified as a war crime . In 2006 he reportedly met with the Ugandan rebel organization the Lord 's Resistance Army  LRA  in 2006 while they were involved in the bitter civil war in the Democratic Republic of Congo . Anthony reportedly persuaded them to protect endangered species such as the northern white rhinoceros . "  They were very hospitable , " Lawrence said . "  I found out that the rhino was the spiritual totem of the tribes that they came from and they thought there were hundreds and hundreds of rhinos , and there were n't . " Creating relationships with people has been just as important as cultivating refuges for animals . After years of negotiation with the local chief of the land next to Anthony 's reserve , he was able to persuade the local community to convert their own land into conservation areas , so they too could benefit from eco-tourism . "  I do n't think I have a mission in life , " he said . "  I just want to hold together the values that are important to us as human beings . The name of the game is to survive and we ca n't survive without the plant and animal kingdoms . "	Conservationist has rescued animals from Iraq and negotiated with rebel armies Owns and runs a game reserve in South Africa Set up "  The Earth Organization " in 2004 to promote conservation efforts
Concord , Michigan  CNN  -- The drive leading to Ted Nugent 's house is lush with trees and water , and marked with the occasional yellow sign . "  Lab Xing , " one warns , showing the silhouette of a dog . Another urges visitors to drive slowly : "  Do n't hurt my critters . " This from the "  Motor City Madman , " a rocker famous for decades of thrashing guitars with "  10 digits of rhythm and blues doom , " a hunter and reality show star known for killing whatever game he spots , and an outspoken conservative whose fiery talk has earned him a visit from the U.S. Secret Service . It 's a mild summer afternoon , and he 's just back home from a show that kept him up until 3 a.m. He 's a little tired and the water by the dock is calm . Gonzo , Nugent 's hunting dog , is blissfully rolling in the dirt at his feet . "  Did you feel your soul being cleansed , just on the driveway ? " Nugent demands . "  Was it beautiful , or what ? " He 's not really looking for an answer . He just likes to talk about this patch of wetland , a fen he says provides for oodles of frogs , deer and the rare Mitchell 's Satyr butterfly . "  This is a piece of private ground that is thriving biodiversity , " he says . "  I could n't be more proud . " So this is Ted Nugent offstage , Ted at age 63 . The Michigan native is still excitable , opinionated and loud , especially since his hearing is n't so great these days . He punctuates almost every rant and declaration by shouting "  Are you kidding me ?! " or "  Are n't I adorable ?! " But he says this place gives him balance . He can riff about music with his band members , spend time with his wife , Shemane , or dole out belly rubs to the dogs .  There are three : Aging Thunder is a little creaky and just barely tolerating the bouncy , spotlight-stealing puppy , Rocky . Gonzo is the "  the wonder Lab , the master hunter , " a retriever who 'd bring back any rabbit , possum or woodchuck . "  He 's a good dog and he loves his daddy , " Nugent says . Most likely , this is the place Nugent would climb into a deer blind and sit silently for hours , thinking about everything or nothing . "  I want to play music during the spring and summer , but then I want to go hunting every fall and winter , " he says . The music is "  so intense . It 's so draining , you push yourself such outrageous , animal limits . In order to maintain that intensity , I have to get away from it . " Getting away means spending time on his land in Texas or in "  my swamps " right here . They 'll dine tonight in the log cabin house a short walk from the dock , probably on something he shot with a bow and arrow . Nugent says he does n't do anything fancy for those meals -- he does n't want to tarnish what nature provided -- but they 'll sometimes use a marinade of garlic , pepper , olive oil and Vernor 's , Michigan 's beloved , peppery ginger ale . "  Here is the beauty of my perfect life : me , my dogs , my family , all of them , my band , my crew , my drivers , my pilot , my guys , my outfitters , my frogs , my production team , everybody . Meet anybody in Ted Nugent 's life ? Kickin ' ass . "  Everybody in my world is good . " Watch Nugent tell Piers Morgan what 's wrong with America While he believes everyone in his life is good , and he is always right , he 's willing to say that was n't always true . He does have some regrets . He did n't go to legendary hunter Fred Bear 's birthday party . Thought he was too busy . That was a mistake . "  I Love You So I Told You A Lie . " Maybe you 've heard the song ? Never should 've been recorded . He should n't have exploded during a CBS interview earlier this year , when he used some language he wo n't repeat now . During the interview , he lashed out at the notion he 's extreme , directing some of his bleeped-out response at an off-camera producer . Nugent says he was passing a kidney stone at the time and taking pain relievers -- "  thought I was giving birth to a hedgehog . " He regrets that he "  went into this disgusting street rant " instead of keeping control .  A few weeks earlier , Nugent stirred controversy by saying he 'd be "  dead or in jail " if Barack Obama was re-elected . The Secret Service was concerned enough to stop by and the Army canceled his Fort Knox show . He did n't list it among his regrets . And there 's this : He loved his dad for the discipline , but Ma Nuge , he says , made him everything he is . Marion Dorothy Nugent was buoyant and loud and excitable , and she supported him from the moment he bought that big blond Epiphone , his first guitar . He did n't go to her funeral . "  I loved my mom so dearly . But I rationalized . I was with her throughout her illness . I was not a funeral guy ... it was always so ritualistic . I did n't feel that was the relationship , " he says . "  I did n't understand funerals . I plead ignorant . And I apologize . " After she died in 1989 , he buried her remains here in his Michigan swamps , he says . "  It was a solemn experience , " he says . "  The breeze is picking up . Mom 's talking to us right now . " He still does n't see his family -- his grandkids -- as much as he 'd like . Nugent will catch a few days with them during his tour , or when he heads back to Texas . They call him Poppy , he says , and they will wrestle and play as much as his knees  and his children , their parents  allow . "  I 've been blamed by my children that I make it more difficult to put  the grandkids  to bedtime , because I get them more wired , " Nugent says . "  But after all , I did write ` Wango Tango . ' We may as well dance . "	At 63 , rocker Ted Nugent is still playing music , with no plans to stop Nugent : "  In order to maintain that intensity , I have to get away from it " -- by hunting Between tours , charity and speaking events , he relaxes at homes in Michigan and Texas Among his regrets : He did n't go to his mom 's funeral
CNN  -- Some of Europe 's leading clubs -- including Europa League and European Super Cup winners Atletico Madrid of Spain -- have had a taste of just seriously UEFA is taking the idea of Financial Fair Play after the European governing body temporarily withheld the payment of prize money to 23 clubs . UEFA Club Financial Control Body 's investigatory chamber , chaired by former Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene , handed out the punishment after identifying that the clubs owed money to either other teams , their employees or had failed to pay taxes . Atletico 's fellow Spanish club Malaga , which is taking part in the Champions League for the first time this season , is another of the 23 clubs that has had the payment of prize withheld . Sporting Lisbon , Hajduk Split , CSKA Sofia , Rubin Kazan and Fenerbahce are some of the others major clubs to have been sanctioned . Atletico thrash Chelsea in Super Cup "  I am still very worried about the current situation , " Dehaene told the European Club Association 's  ECA  general assembly . "  The Financial Fair Play Regulations are known for more than two years , but I have the impression that some clubs still need to do their homework . " ECA Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge added : "  It seems that quite a few clubs have not understood the message . Time has come to take the new rules seriously . ECA will continue to support Financial Fair Play . " UEFA said the measure would remain in place until the clubs had paid the money they owed and have asked the 23 teams to provide an update on their finances by the end of September . In a UEFA report published last year , it was estimated that about 50 % of top European clubs were losing money and 20 % were recording sizable deficits . UEFA 's Financial Fair Play  FFP  rules apply now but will come fully into force in 2014 and provide Europe 's governing body with sweeping powers , including exclusion from the lucrative Champions League , if clubs fail to meet the regulations . Fair play ? Football clubs seek to beat financial offside trap Under the new rules , owners can only contribute a maximum of $ 55.5 million for the 2013-14 and 2015 seasons together , and $ 37 million during the period covering 2015-16 , 2016-17 and 2017-18 . Current rules state that should clubs incur losses in excess of $ 60 million over a three-year period , they will be hit with sanctions as well as exclusion from the Champions League and Europa League . All clubs taking part in UEFA 's competitions for the 2012/2013 season had to provide Europe 's governing body with details of any "  overdue payables " by the end of June .	UEFA withholds payment of prize money to 23 clubs Clubs punished for owing money to other teams , employees or failing to pay taxes Europa League and European Super Cup winners Atletico is one of the 23 clubs to be punished Payment of prize money will be withheld until the clubs have paid the money owing
The "  Occupy Wall Street " movement went global Saturday , crossing the Atlantic to many European cities , where protesters turned out by the thousands for largely peaceful demonstrations . In many cities , handfuls of protesters donned masks portraying a sinister , smiling face with a pointy black mustache and a thin lip beard taken from the movie "  V for Vendetta " about a masked hero who fights against totalitarianism . Here 's a country-by-country look at the European demonstrations : Italy An initially peaceful protest in central Rome turned violent Saturday , after anarchists -- some wearing ski masks and belonging to a group termed "  Black Bloc " -- torched cars , broke windows and clashed with police . The violent group also fought with other protesters , who attempted to extricate the rowdy anarchists from the march . Rocks , bottles and tear gas canisters flew , and an interior ministry building caught fire in the mayhem . Firefighters battled the blaze at the main gathering spot , the Piazza San Giovanni , which transformed into a battleground between police with water cannons on the one side and anarchists armed with knives , bats , Molotov cocktails and fireworks on the other , Newsweek correspondent Barbie Nadeau told CNN . Italy , which was hit hard by the global economic crisis , has been struggling with potentially crippling debt problems . Last month , Standard & Poor 's cut Italy 's sovereign credit rating , saying the nation 's weakening economic growth and political uncertainty have dented its financial stability . Italy has debts equal to nearly 120 % of its gross domestic product . Spain More than 10,000 demonstrators of all ages gathered peacefully in Madrid 's spacious Plaza de Cibeles on Saturday and than walked uphill to Puerta del Sol , according to CNN correspondent Al Goodman . The "  May 15 Movement " started five months ago to the day over austerity measures and high unemployment . Some demonstrators said they felt Spain 's protest had gone global and that the world had joined the movement started in their country . The newspaper El Pais quoted Catalan regional police as saying an estimated 60,000 protesters turned out in Barcelona . CNN was unable to confirm that number Saturday evening . Along with Italy , Spain was hit by the financial crisis and subsequent European Union debt woes . It announced new measures recently meant to reduce its deficit , though investors continue to believe the country faces dim prospects . Standard & Poor 's downgraded Spain 's credit rating Friday , citing risks to economic growth and the banking sector . Spain is one of the so-called "  PIIGS , " a group of fiscally distressed nations that include Portugal , Italy , Ireland and Greece . United Kingdom An appearance by Julian Assange highlighted Saturday 's "  Occupy London " protest , when the WikiLeaks co-founder led the crowd in protest chants from the steps in front of St. Paul 's Cathedral on the edge of London 's financial district . Thousands marched through the streets protesting austerity cuts and criticizing bankers . Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne told lawmakers in August that the road to economic recovery in Britain will be "  longer and harder than had been hoped " and will require continued commitment to the government 's deficit-reduction program . He noted that financial instability in Britain 's main export markets has contributed to the country 's reduced expectations for growth . Belgium About 7,000 people marched through the EU capital of Brussels on Saturday , according to police . "  There has been no violence , some people have been stopped and checked but were later released , one has been arrested for assault on a police officer , but apart from that it has been calm , " Christianne de Ridder , a spokeswoman for the Brussels police department , told CNN . Belgium 's debt is expected to grow to 85 % of GDP by 2015 , according to the International Monetary Fund . Germany Thousands took to the streets in front of the European Central Bank in Frankfurt as well as in other major cities , including the country 's capital Berlin , where protesters marched to the Office of the Chancellor . Protesters held up signs condemning corporate power and demanding stronger democracy and social justice . Germany , the region 's economic powerhouse , reported a paltry 0.1 % increase in second-quarter gross domestic product , compared with a more robust 1.3 % in the first quarter . But economists say Germany is still on track for modest growth in 2011 . The German economy is heavily dependent on exports and has benefited from rapid growth in emerging nations such as China . As activity cools in those markets , the outlook for Germany has dimmed . The slowdown raises troubling questions about the long-term outlook for the Euro Zone . Sweden A small crowd gathered in Stockholm to join the "  Occupy " protests . About 400 demonstrators gathered at the central square in Stockholm then "  moved on to the Bank of Sweden where they protested some more , and then they went home , " a police spokeswoman said . Sweden is known for its strong social democratic system , which provides for many needs of its citizens and protects the stability of Swedish jobs . Unlike some other members of the European Union , Sweden largely avoided the worldwide recession . Still , the country has a keen interest in helping members of the Euro Zone stay healthy economically . Last year , it offered to loan Ireland $ 1.5 billion to help it through a tight financial spot . Sweden also depends on the strength of its trading partners , such as Germany , which accounts for some 11 % of Sweden 's exports and 18 % of its imports .	Anarchists turn peaceful protest violent in Rome WikiLeaks ' Julian Assange leads cheers in London German protesters demand "  direct democracy " Large crowds in Madrid five months to the day of the "  May 15 movement "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- While Oscars go to those who do makeup , design costumes and mix sound for movies , those who crash cars , fall from tall buildings and blow things up ca n't get an Academy Award . Stunt coordinator Jack Gill has broken his back twice and his neck once during his 32-year career . He 's hit a brick wall for the past 20 years trying to convince the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to honor his profession . "  I think it 's the acknowledgement that we all want for our efforts , because we are a big part of the movie-making industry and we see all of our other department heads getting these Oscars , " Gill said Friday . An Academy committee meets on June 14 to again decide if a new Oscar category will be created for best stunt coordinator in a movie , which GoldDerby.com editor Tom O'Neil says is "  one of many areas the Oscars overlook and should n't . " When the Academy governors voted five years ago against a stunt Oscar , it appeared that the development of computer-generated imagery  CGI  would reduce demand for live stunt performers in movie production , Gill said . "  But in reality , the stunt person has evolved into a different type of stunt person , " he said . "  He is now an integral part of the CGI aspect of it and we employ as many stunt people now as we did in the past . " This year 's blockbuster "  Fast Five " was noteworthy for its real stunts , said Gill , who worked on the action film as a stunt coordinator . "  We 're going back to real physical stunts because the audience can now tell the difference and once an audience member can tell the difference between what 's real and what 's fake , it takes him out of the element and he does n't believe that he 's part of that action scene , " he said . Gill , who started his career jumping ditches with the "  General Lee " on TV 's "  Dukes of Hazard , " said the stunt business is getting more dangerous , not less . "  They want bigger and better , " he said . "  They want to push the envelope . They want to get to a point to do things that nobody 's ever seen before . " "  Fast Five " required Gill to figure out how to pull a 10-ton bank vault with two cars . "  You 're always doing things that tax your ability and you have to try to get in there and figure it all out and that 's what a stunt coordinator does , " he said . Even movies without crashes , blasts and falls need stunt coordinators to "  keep actors safe and to make sure that all the action works , " he said . "  Avatar , " which was completely computer-generated , had a stunt coordinator "  who designed all the action , " Gill said . While quite a few of the leading actors do their own stunts , it is the stunt coordinator who must decide which stunts they can and ca n't do , he said . "  Because , as you know , if the actor gets hurt in any way , say he even breaks a finger , you 're shut down for three months , and they look at you and say ` Why did you stick him in something where he can get hurt ? ' " "  They 're the ones that have to tell them , ` When you stand in this spot right now your life is in my hands and I 'm telling you that you 're safe in this spot , when the cars come sliding around the corner , they are not going to hit you . If you stand five feet over here , it 's going to kill you , ' " Gill said . Despite the support of Hollywood A-listers such as Steven Spielberg , James Cameron , Arnold Schwarzenegger , Martin Scorsese , Jessica Lange and others , the politics are against the campaign for adding an Academy Award for best stunt coordinator , according to O'Neil , a journalist who has closely covered the issue . Pressure to keep the annual Oscar telecast entertaining and on schedule means there is a "  zero chance " a best stunt Oscar will be handed out in the live ceremony , O'Neil predicted . Gill suggested , though , the clips of the nominated stunts would liven up the telecast . "  We do n't even care if we 're in the ceremony , " Gill said . "  We just want to get that Oscar in our hands . " But the governors who represent the makeup , animated shorts and sound mixing peer groups would be unlikely to vote for awarding a competitive Oscar category off-air , O'Neil said . It would create a precedent that could pave the way for their Oscars to be taken out of the telecast 's limelight , he said . "  It 's the embedded and entrenched politics of this ancient group that is so hard to move , " O'Neil said . The basic problem is that it would require addition of a stunt coordinators peer group to the 16 already existing , he said . It would add three governors to the Academy 's board , which with nearly 50 now is "  just a nightmare , " he said . There is "  very little payback " for the Academy to add a stunt coordinator Oscar because "  these are unknown people to the viewers at home that watch the show , he said . Stunt people are not the only overlooked movie workers , O'Neil said . Voice actors do n't have "  a shot in hell " of winning a Oscar for their performances in blockbuster animated films , he said . Casting directors should also be honored , he said . Stunt actors are not completely snubbed by industry award shows , though . The Screen Actors Guild added a "  stunt ensemble " SAG award . O'Neil said the category has been "  warmly received . " Gill , who was recently set on fire for an episode of TV 's "  True Blood , " said he 's hoping the Academy governors will also see the light and see that "  without a stunt coordinator most of these big films would never be made . " "  I worked very hard on ` Fast Five ' trying to make those physical stunts look real , and I think it paid off in what the audience came and saw , and I 'd really like to be a part of the Oscar ceremony next year , " he said .	Movie stunt coordinators want Oscar consideration for their work An Academy committee meets June 14 to consider their request Adding a 25th category could lengthen the already long Oscar telecast Real film stunts are in demand despite digital effects , a veteran stuntman says
CNN  -- World No. 3 Roger Federer ended a seven-year wait for a second World Tennis Tournament title after beating Juan Martin del Potro in the Dutch city of Rotterdam . The 16-time grand slam winner made light work of his clash against the Argentinian third seed , winning 6-1 6-4 in just one hour and 26 minutes . Federer 's triumph was his 71st career title and means 2012 becomes the 12th straight year in which he has captured an ATP tour crown . The Swiss , who also won here in 2005 , said in a courtside interview : "  It 's incredible that it took me seven years to come back and defend my title , I hope the next time is not so long . But if it is , then it means I 'll be playing for another seven years . " "  This title marks a great start to the season . My team made a lot of sacrifices . It 's been an amazing week for us . " Of his opponent , who beat him in the 2009 U.S. Open final , Federer said : "  Juan Martin had a great week . He 's playing great tennis . I hope to see you at the  November  World Tour Finals . " Federer , who took his record to 9-2 over Del Potro , blew his opponent away in the opening set , racing into a 5-0 lead after only 28 minutes and securing the opener 6-1 shortly after . Del Potro rallied in the second set , and forced Federer to save a clutch of break points , but the 30-year-old secured the decisive break in the fifth game to seal the match . It marks a return to form for Federer who came into the tournament on the back of two defeats -- to Rafael Nadal in the semifinals of the Australian Open and American John Isner in the Davis Cup . In South America , Spain 's Nicolas Almagro retained his Brazil Open crown with a 6-3 4-6 6-4 victory over Italy 's Filippo Volandri . The top seed and world no. 11 hit 18 aces as he made it 11 career titles , all of which have come on clay .	Roger Federer defeats Juan Martin del Potro to win World Tennis Tournament in Rotterdam World No. 3 beats Argentinian 6-1 6-4 in one hour and 26 minutes to seal victory It is Federer 's second Rotterdam title , seven years after first triumph Spain 's Nicolas Almagro defends Brazil Open title beating Italy 's Filippo Volandri
CNN  -- I was happy to return to Rio , this beautiful city which I have visited several times . Twenty years after the first Earth Summit , I came to Rio , like many people from all over the world , to put the world on a different pathway -- one leading to sustainable development . But , the leaders gathered here came without an intergenerational vision and they failed to rise to the challenge ; they did not break their ties with the old ways of doing things -- ways that are proved to be unsustainable and inequitable . Read more : Five cities fighting for climate survival If the government representatives had heard the heartfelt yearning for change , for a vision of the future that the broad base of men , women -- and even children -- shared during numerous side events , and in the Sustainable Development Dialogues organized by the Brazilian government , perhaps they would have given their negotiators a stronger mandate : A mandate to create the future we want and which the earth needs . Unfortunately these voices were not incorporated into the declaration text and many leave for home frustrated and angry . I urge those who are disappointed by the lack of urgency and commitment to channel their frustration positively to work on a parallel pathway to fill the gaps left by the Rio text and to deliver the futures we all need . More : Rio +20 summit must not ignore rapid population growth I had the pleasure of participating in numerous events during the conference where we discussed the role of women 's empowerment in sustainable development , the importance of making real progress on food and nutrition security and the need to improve access to sustainable energy for the poorest . Underlying all of these discussions was the importance of upholding human rights and not backsliding on any existing commitments , while striving for a more equitable world . The Rio declaration does set some important processes in train , like developing Sustainable Development Goals , which address all three dimensions of sustainable development : Environmental , social and economic . These should be action oriented , aspirational and measurable , so that they complement the Millennium Development Goals . Likewise , processes have been established to strengthen environmental governance at the international level and to make progress on financing for sustainable development . Read more : 7 billion reasons to empower women The current declaration reaffirms the Rio Principles and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . However , it worries me that negotiations revealed a desire by some to step back from established commitments and principles . The restating of these commitments is therefore considered a success , only because these principles and values were under threat . More seriously , the backsliding on reproductive rights -- first established in 1994 at the Cairo Conference on Population and Development and reiterated at the Beijing Women 's Conference -- is simply not acceptable , as highlighted by numerous women leaders in their statements to the Rio Summit . More : The elephant in the room at Rio summit Arising from the failure of political leadership here in Rio , our hope is that people everywhere will accept that we all have to take responsibility and mobilize ourselves . Helped by social media and easier communication across the globe , we can make sure that the world we pass on to our children and grandchildren is safe , equitable , prosperous and sustainable . I was encouraged as I listened to many heads of state at the summit , who stressed their desire for a more concrete outcome . But this desire came too late : They should have engaged earlier in the process , they could have seized the moment and given stronger leadership . This possibility of a once in a generation moment passed us by and we will regret it . Happily the lack of political leadership was countered by the incredible vitality , determination and commitment of civil society -- from young people , women , trade unions , grassroots communities , faith-based organizations and the private sector . The legacy of Rio +20 will not just be the text of the Declaration hopefully it will be the mobilization of people to build the future they desire . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Robinson .	Mary Robinson : A once in a generation chance to commit to sustainable development passed world by in Rio Leaders failed to rise to the challenge of breaking ties with old ways of doing things , she says Backsliding on reproductive rights is simply not acceptable , she says
CNN  -- If the confirmation process for Loretta Lynch , President Obama 's nominee for attorney general , gets significantly delayed , the reason will be pure politics . Some Senate Republicans , anticipating the day in January when they will have majority control of the chamber , are calling for a moratorium on new appointments until the new Senate is seated . It 's likely to be the first in a series of skirmishes between Obama and the leadership on Capitol Hill . Within hours of Lynch 's nomination , the right-wing Breitbart website ran an erroneous story slamming Lynch for supposedly representing ex-President Bill Clinton during the long-ago inquiry into the Whitewater land deal -- but later had to post a correction for failing to recognize that Clinton 's defender was , in fact , a different person named Loretta Lynch . The haste with which conservatives began attacking Lynch suggests she will be in for a tough slog during the nomination process . But while the politics may slow her confirmation , there 's no question that the tough-as-nails prosecutor is ready for the top job at the Justice Department . Any rival candidates the Republicans might put forward will have a hard time demonstrating prowess equal or superior to Lynch 's in the crucial areas of prosecuting lawbreakers involved in organized crime , corporate theft , political corruption and threats to national security . Lynch served two stints as the U.S. attorney in charge of New York 's Eastern District , which includes most of New York City  Brooklyn , Queens and Staten Island  as well as suburban Long Island . The office is often overshadowed by the neighboring Southern District , which covers Manhattan and brings high-profile Wall Street prosecutions . While her flashier colleague in the Southern District , Preet Bharara , gives speeches , holds frequent press conferences and has several press officers , Lynch rarely holds forth in public and reportedly spent months without a press aide after the sole staffer in charge of public outreach retired . But Lynch did much to put the Eastern District on the map . She mounted successful prosecutions that broke the back of MS-13 , a murderous gang that preys on immigrant communities ; convicted the underboss of the Colombo crime family ; and even revived an old Mafia case by arresting five aging suspects from the all-but-forgotten Lufthansa heist of 1978 , immortalized in the movie "  Goodfellas . " Wall Street physically falls outside Lynch 's jurisdiction , but she mounted major cases against global financial giants engaged in wrongdoing . In 2012 , she won a record $ 1.9 billion in fines and penalties from HSBC , a British bank , for a wide range of violations , including laundering more than $ 800 million for Mexican drug gangs and illegally doing business with customers in Iran , Sudan and Cuba . Lynch 's office also participated in the pursuit of Citigroup for its actions that contributed to the mortgage crash of 2008 -- an investigation that led to a $ 7 billion settlement . And Lynch has taken on public corruption cases involving members of New York 's power elite . She convicted Pedro Espada Jr. , the former majority leader of the New York state Senate , on corruption charges , calling him "  a thief in a suit " the day he was hauled off to serve a five-year prison sentence . She is currently prosecuting state Sen. John Sampson , and earlier this year indicted U.S. Rep. Michael Grimm on 20 counts including fraud , embezzlement and perjury . But Lynch 's best-known attack on public corruption came more than a decade ago , when she was part of the team that prosecuted cops who attacked and brutally sodomized a suspect , Abner Louima , in the back room of a Brooklyn precinct house . The prosecution ended in a guilty plea by the main perpetrator , Officer Justin Volpe , who is serving a 30-year sentence . In addition to rounding up shady pols , violent cops and Wall Street cheats , Lynch took on the all-important issue of national security in the harrowing case of Najibullah Zazi , a terrorist who drove explosives from Colorado to New York City with the intent of setting them off in the subways . Zazi almost pulled off the horrific attack -- he was stopped on the George Washington Bridge , minutes from Manhattan -- but ended up pleading guilty and cooperating with the government .  He has n't been sentenced yet , but faces up to two life sentences for his crimes . All in all , an impressive body of work -- one that Lynch compiled with a professional modesty that is rare in New York 's tough , competitive legal and political circles . She will now find herself caricatured and criticized by power brokers in Washington who are determined to hamstring the president . One likely avenue of attack is Lynch 's time in the private sector : Between 2001 and 2009 , she worked as a corporate attorney specializing in compliance work for big banks and briefly served on the board of the New York Federal Reserve Bank . "  She swims in the same pool as the moneyed elite , and her actions do n't pressure them too deeply , " writes David Dayen in Salon , echoing the oft-heard complaint that even multibillion-dollar settlements of the kind Lynch negotiated rarely result in any specific person going to prison . "  It 's just not that likely Lynch would have the will to crack down on malfeasance in the executive suites , which could implicate her colleagues and friends , " writes Dayen . "  It 's not corruption , more like mindshare . " That sort of criticism unites left-of-center Occupy Wall Street activists and conservatives who -- determined to find fault with anything Obama does -- accuse the White House of crony capitalism and aim special venom at ex-Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner  whose rise to his pre-Treasury job of president of the New York Federal Reserve was aided by Lynch ; as a board member , she cast a vote to give Geithner the post  . So Obama 's nominee is in for a wave of criticism that might drag confirmation proceedings into 2015 . We shall see if Lynch -- who has locked up enough terrorists , gangsters and political crooks to fill a few subway cars -- has the grit and gumption to master political combat inside the Beltway the way she has mastered legal battle in the courtroom .	Errol Louis : AG nominee Loretta Lynch faces political hurdles on way to confirmation Conservatives attack her to hurt Obama , he says ; some on the left say she 's cozy with Wall St. He says she 's successfully prosecuted organized crime , corporate and political corruption Louis : She put would-be terrorist in jail ; confirmation process will be new test of her grit
CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton voiced support for the U.S. strategy to defeat ISIS and said only the Iraqi people can win a land war in Iraq . Speaking Thursday night on "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , " Clinton said the United States has proven it ca n't win an Iraq war with boots on the ground , but that moderate Sunni tribal leaders working with an inclusive Iraqi government can . "  We ca n't win a land war in Iraq , but they can and we can help them , " Clinton said . Clinton said he thinks President Barack Obama 's strategy to combat ISIS , or the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , "  has a chance to succeed . " "  The Iraqi government finally includes Sunnis who were representing those tribal leaders who are moderate and without whom ISIS can not be defeated , " he said . "  We can give them intelligence , and we can do bombing , and we have to do that to send a signal to them . That there 's a price for decapitating those people , " he said , referring to the recent beheadings of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff and of British aid work David Haines . "  You ca n't let people get away with that , that 's a terrible signal to the world , " he said . Obama : ISIS threat against U.S. , allies ` does n't frighten us ' Clinton also believes that the Ebola outbreak in West Africa can be stopped , but that "  it will take a Herculean effort . " "  A lot of these people can survive if they get proper care quickly , and we can stop the epidemic and let it burn itself out , " Clinton said . Obama , officials from the World Health Organization , the United Nations and Doctors without Borders will gather with the former president at a meeting of his Clinton Global Initiative , which starts Sunday . The Ebola outbreak "  probably represents the confluence of all the various things that you can do at Clinton Global Initiative , " said Stewart . "  This is an emergency because nobody knows how to cure this , " said Clinton . Ebola patients buying survivors ' blood from black market The World Health Organization said Thursday that the death toll in the Ebola epidemic has risen to 2,622 dead . The number of reported infections is 5,335 , though the actual number is "  almost certainly " higher , Clinton noted . Clinton said that this Ebola epidemic is different than previous outbreaks in remote rural areas mainly because of the density of people in the urban areas in which it is striking . "  There are a lot of people there and there are just too many bodies brushing up against one another every day , " he said .	"  We ca n't win a land war in Iraq , but they can and we can help them , " Bill Clinton says Former president was on "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " Thursday He says inclusion of Sunnis in Iraqi government is essential to defeating ISIS Stopping the Ebola outbreak in West Africa "  will take a Herculean effort "
CNN  -- There are moments when reality television can highlight a country 's sensitivities . And Israel 's version of the "  X Factor " has done just that -- won not by a Jewish Israeli , but a migrant worker from the Philippines . Filipina caregiver Rose Fostanes won the country 's version of the talent show , Wednesday , making it through the early rounds singing tunes by Tina Turner and Christina Aguilera among others , before her rendition of "  My Way " by Frank Sinatra in the grand finale . "  Thank you so much for all the Israelis who support me , thank you so much , " said Fostanes on winning the competition . "  Thank you so much also for giving us the chance to join in a competition like this . " For a migrant worker to have any kind of public profile is highly unusual in Israel , but for one to win ones of the country 's most popular talent shows is a surprise to many , including Fostanes . Read more : All-American wows judges on ` Arabs Got Talent ' "  I was surprised to be on ' X Factor . ' First , I 'm not an Israeli , and I do n't even have residency , " she said . Most ' X Factor ' winners can expect a record deal and a shot at being a professional singer , but Fostanes is in a different situation . Her visa status means that despite being the most high-profile singer in the country at the moment , she can not make money performing or recording in Israel , unless an exception is made . If nothing else Fostanes says that she has received "  a lot of love and care " from her fans in Israel . However that is very different to how many migrant workers in the country feel . In recent weeks , there have been regular protests by activists , demanding greater rights for migrants , accusing the authorities of discrimination , and turning a blind eye to abuse . According to a 2012 survey by the country 's Central Bureau of Statistics there were 109,000 foreign workers in Israel . Read more : ` Arab Idol ' winner takes on the U.S. . The winner , who has been working in Israel for the past six years , says she has also experienced prejudice in the country and is unsure if her win might help change negative perceptions . "  I do n't know . But I think there are good communications between employers and the caregivers now , since they saw me on ' X Factor , ' " At least for Fostanes -- singing her way into the hearts of Israelis -- attitudes have indeed changed .	Israeli version of talent show won by Rose Fostanes from the Philippines Fostanes has lived in Israel for six years working as a caregiver Rare for migrant workers to have a public profile in the country Over 100,000 foreign workers are in Israel
London  CNN  -- The new James Bond movie will be called "  Skyfall , " the producers announced in London Thursday . Oscar-winner Sam Mendes will direct Daniel Craig as 007 in the 23rd Bond movie . "  We 'll start shooting today , " Mendes said . Spanish actor Javier Bardem will play the villain , and Judi Dench will reprise her role as Bond 's boss , M . The cast also includes French actress Berenice Marlohe . The announcement of the title of the movie came on the 50th anniversary of the date Sean Connery was revealed as the first actor to play Ian Fleming 's spy .	The film is to be called "  Skyfall " Daniel Craig will reprise his role as 007 in the 23rd Bond film Javier Bardem will play the villain The announcement comes on the 50th anniversary of Sean Connery 's casting news
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton likely will release her delegates to Sen. Barack Obama , a Democratic official said Sunday , the eve of the Democratic National Convention . Sen. Hillary Clinton will meet with her delegates on Wednesday before that night 's roll call , a spokesman says . Also Sunday , the Democratic Party decided delegates from Michigan and Florida -- states that had been penalized for moving their 2008 presidential primaries to January -- will get full voting rights at the event . The moves answer some questions that lingered ahead of the convention , which starts Monday in Denver . Clinton , who suspended her presidential campaign in June after Obama secured enough delegates to win the party 's nomination , will meet with her delegates at a reception in Denver on Wednesday afternoon -- before that evening 's delegate vote on the nominee , said a Democratic official who asked not to be named . " -LSB- The reception is -RSB- an opportunity for Sen. Clinton to see her delegates -- many for the first time since the primaries ended -- thank them for their hard work and support and most importantly , to encourage them to support and work for Sen. Obama as strongly as she has , in order to elect him in November , " Clinton spokesman Philippe Reines said . Because Clinton suspended her campaign instead of dropping out , she kept the pledged delegates she earned in the primaries and caucuses . Earlier this month , Obama 's campaign said it agreed to put Clinton 's name in nomination at the convention "  in recognition of the historic race she ran and the fact that she was the first woman to compete in all of our nation 's primary contests . " Watch a preview of the convention Clinton already has urged the 18 million people who voted for her in the primaries to get behind Obama . Meanwhile , the Democratic National Committee unanimously voted to end sanctions against Florida and Michigan . The party initially stripped Florida and Michigan of their delegates for holding presidential primaries earlier than the party had wanted . However , in late May , the DNC 's rules and bylaws committee voted to reinstate the delegates but give them each a half-vote . Sunday 's decision gives the delegates a full vote at the convention . Ending the sanctions had been a goal of Clinton , who won Florida and Michigan in her unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . Obama endorsed lifting the sanctions after Clinton 's withdrawal from the race . Between Monday 's convention opening and Thursday night 's acceptance speech by Obama at Denver 's Invesco Field , delegates are expected to ratify his nomination and that of his vice presidential pick , Sen. Joseph Biden , another former primary rival . Obama faces Republican Sen. John McCain in November in the contest for the presidency . McCain 's campaign has poked at the old Obama-Clinton splits with a campaign ad claiming Clinton was passed over for the No. 2 spot because she was too honest about Obama 's perceived weaknesses . "  The truth hurt , and Obama did n't like it , " McCain 's ad says . But Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. of Illinois , an Obama supporter , told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " on Sunday : "  This campaign is not about Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton . " "  His campaign is about George Bush and four more years of George Bush under John McCain , " Jackson said . "  That message is going to echo clearly from this platform . " A new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Sunday night showed that Obama 's lead over McCain has evaporated . Forty-seven percent of those questioned are backing Obama , with an equal amount supporting McCain . Taken after Biden 's selection , the poll showed that the number of Clinton Democrats who said they would vote for McCain increased 11 points since June , enough to account for most of the support McCain gained . Clinton fared better than Obama among working-class voters in many states during the primaries . Obama on Sunday suggested the convention would help give those voters "  a sense of who I am . " Obama said he hopes voters will conclude that he is "  sort of like us . He -LSB- Obama -RSB- comes from a middle-class background . He went to school on scholarships , he had to pay off student loans . He and his wife had to worry about child care . " "  You 'll find out : ` He 's pretty much like us , ' " Obama told supporters about himself , while campaigning in Wisconsin on his way to Denver . Obama hammered at McCain on the economy and on McCain 's perceived strong suit , national security . Obama told supporters at a barbecue in Eau Claire , Wisconsin , "  The Republican track record on national security has not been particularly good . " "  My job in this campaign is to explain that talking tough and acting dumb is not a way to keep you safe and secure , " he said . "  We need somebody who talks tough , who 's going to act smart and be tough . That 's how we 're going to look after the safety of the American people . " Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , viewed as a potential McCain running mate , said Obama 's decision to pick Biden -- the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee -- was an acknowledgment that Obama lacked to national security chops to be president . "  I do n't think he 's ready to be president . And when you 're commander-in-chief , you should n't be having to select a mentor to help you with that role , " Pawlenty told CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer . " CNN 's Jessica Yellin and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	Sen. Hillary Clinton to meet her delegates on Wednesday , spokesman says Meeting to happen before vote to seal nomination Democratic Party restores full voting rights to Florida , Michigan delegates Florida , Michigan had faced sanctions for holding primaries in January
New York  CNN  -- It would n't be shocking to see cats or lions on Broadway . Many have flocked to Broadway to see these animals , in plays of course . But how about a horse running down Broadway dodging Manhattan traffic while dragging terrified tourists ? That 's what happened Thursday afternoon in a horse-drawn carriage accident that had even the most hard-to-startle New Yorkers gawking . "  The horse got spooked and rolled the carriage , " NYPD Detective Martin Speechley said . "  There were two passengers and a driver . All of them have nothing but minor injuries , if there are any injuries at all . " Witnesses said the horse was moving westward along Central Park South when it entered Columbus Circle , a traffic rotary at the park 's southwest corner , and bolted . As it ran , it struck an object , which split the carriage in two parts and freed the horse to run free , they said . "  I saw the horse at a full gallop with either people or a person in the carriage , " said CNN 's Soledad O'Brien , who watched the incident unfold in front of the network 's New York bureau . "  Then the carriage separated and the horse ran up Broadway . " As paramedics tended to the carriage riders , the panicked horse was stopped and controlled by police . "  We corralled the horse and took it into custody , and it was taken back to its stables by the mounted police , " Speechley said . A veterinarian examined the horse ; it was not known whether the horse or riders sustained any serious injuries .	"  The horse got spooked and rolled the carriage , " a detective says Incident occurs late Thursday afternoon in Columbus Circle "  The horse ran up Broadway , " says witness After the show , it 's back to the stables
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon has taken the first steps toward repealing the military 's controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy regarding gay and lesbian service members , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Tuesday . Laying the groundwork for a repeal of the policy will take more than a year , Gates said . In the interim , however , the Defense Department will start enforcing the policy "  in a fairer manner , " he told members of the Senate Armed Services Committee . President Obama called for a repeal of the policy during last week 's State of the Union address . Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen also endorsed a repeal Tuesday , telling the committee it is his "  personal belief " that "  allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly -LSB- in the military -RSB- would be the right thing to do . " "  For me , personally , it comes down to integrity , " he said . "  The question before us is not whether the military prepares to make this change , but how we best prepare for it , " Gates told members of the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  We have received our orders from the commander in chief and we are moving out accordingly . " But the ultimate decision on whether to repeal the policy , he acknowledged , rests with Congress . The "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , enacted under President Clinton in 1993 , bars openly gay , lesbian and bisexual individuals from serving in the U.S. military , but prevents the military from asking a service member 's sexual orientation . It has been a political lightning rod since its implementation . "  I am mindful ... that attitudes towards homosexuality may have changed considerably -- both in society generally and in the military " since 1993 , Gates said . To prepare the military for what has been a long-anticipated change , Gates said he has already appointed a "  high-level " working group to "  immediately begin a review of the issues associated with properly implementing a repeal . " "  The mandate of this working group is to thoroughly , objectively and methodically examine all aspects of this question and produce its finding and recommendations in the form of an implementation plan by the end of this calendar year , " Gates told the committee members . "  A guiding principle of our efforts will be to minimize disruption and polarization within the ranks , with special attention paid to those serving on the front lines . " The working group will be led by Department of Defense General Counsel Jeh Johnson and Gen. Carter Ham , commander of U.S. Army Europe , Gates said . The group will "  reach out to the -LSB- military -RSB- ... to authoritatively understand their views and attitudes about the impacts of repeal , " he added . "  I expect that the same sharp divisions that characterize the debate over these issues outside of the military will quickly seek to find their way into this process . " Gates noted that the Pentagon will ask the RAND Corporation to update a study it conducted in 1993 on the impact of allowing homosexuals to serve openly in the military . He also said he has directed the Defense Department to "  quickly review the regulations used to implement " the law and , within 45 days , present possible changes that will allow for more humane enforcement . The secretary acknowledged the impatience many political observers and activists may have with the timetable for a repeal . "  I expect that our approach may cause some to wonder why it will take the better part of the year to accomplish this task , " he said . "  We looked at a variety of options , but when you take into account the overriding imperative -- to get this right and minimize disruption to a force that is actively fighting two wars and working through the stress of almost a decade of combat -- then it is clear to us that we must proceed in a manner that allows for the thorough examination of all issues . " In a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll in April 2009 , 48 percent of Americans favored maintaining the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . Thirty-seven percent opposed the policy because they believed it treated homosexuals too harshly , while another 8 percent opposed it because they believed it treated homosexuals too leniently . " ` Do n't ask , do n't tell ' to many people , including myself , seemed so reasonable , " Alex Nicholson , a former Army intelligence officer discharged for being gay , told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  I knew I was gay going in , and I knew about ` do n't ask , do n't tell , ' but you know , ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' as a sound bite sounds very reasonable . It sounds like nobody will inquire as to your sexual orientation -- as long as you do n't throw it in anyone 's face , you wo n't have a problem . "  But after I got in , I realized that ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' was much more all-inclusive and all-encompassing , " said Nicholson , who now is the executive director of Servicemembers United , an advocacy group that opposes the policy . "  It was more like ` do n't ask , do n't tell , do n't happen to be found out any time , any place , in any way . ' " After about a year , Nicholson said his sexual orientation was found out within his unit . "  That information spread , and then the command was forced into a corner in which they had to discharge me , " he said . Watch Nicholson talk about his experience Since the policy was implemented , more than 13,500 service members have been discharged , according to Rep. Jim Moran , D-Virginia . In 2009 , there were 428 discharges under the policy -- the lowest rate of discharge since implementation of the policy , he said . The highest year was 2001 , with 1,227 discharges , he said . "  This shows that during wartime , DADT is not being pursued aggressively because one 's orientation has nothing to do with their ability to fight , " Moran said in a written statement Monday . Defense officials have said privately that the will to enforce the law is declining . Another military official familiar with the discussion said some of the issues to be considered by the military include the cost of implementing a new policy , benefits for gay spouses , potential hate crimes , and even logistical questions such as the possible need to renovate barracks to separate straight and gay troops . According to the official , separate housing or showers were not considered serious possibilities , but would be discussed in order to be ruled out . Nicholson acknowledged there are legitimate concerns , but said some of the issues raised , such as showers and housing , are merely delaying tactics used to mask "  reasons that people really do n't want to see this happen . " At least one member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff -- Gen. James Conway , commandant of the Marine Corps -- has expressed reservations in the past about repealing the law . "  Our Marines are currently engaged in two fights , and our focus should not be drawn away from those priorities , " Conway said in November through a spokesman . Watch how Joint Chiefs are dealing with the change Most of the committee 's Republicans strongly criticized a potential repeal Tuesday . "  Elections have consequences , " said Mississippi GOP Sen. Roger Wicker , referencing Obama 's promise to end the policy . But "  we 'll have a debate about this . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , a former Navy pilot , said one of the keys to U.S. military power is "  good order and unit cohesion , and ... any practice which puts those goals at unacceptable risk can be restricted . " McCain argued that while "  do n't ask , do n't tell " has not been perfect , it has been effective . "  It has helped to balance a potentially disruptive tension between the desires of a minority and the broader interests of our all-volunteer force , " he said . "  It is well understood and predominantly supported by our fighting men and women . It reflects , as I understand them , the preferences of our uniformed services ... while still allowing gay and lesbian Americans to serve their country in uniform . " But other military veterans support the change . Retired Gen. John Shalikashvili , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs , said it is time to repeal the law . "  As a nation built on the -LSB- principle -RSB- of equality , we should recognize and welcome change that will build a stronger , more cohesive military , " Shalikashvili wrote in a letter to Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , who supports repealing the policy . Michael O'Hanlon of the Brookings Institute said the real test will be in the barracks , with the rank-and-file members of the military . "  We can talk about this delicately or we can just be fairly direct , " O'Hanlon said . "  There are a lot of 18-year-old , old-fashioned , testosterone-laden men in the military who are tough guys . They 're often politically old-fashioned or conservative ; they are not necessarily at the vanguard , in many cases , of accepting alternative forms of lifestyle . " Nicholson predicted the matter will become a "  non-issue , " saying his organization knows of gays serving openly in the military now . Asked whether he would return to the military if the policy is repealed , Nicholson said he would not hesitate and that he has wanted to return since his discharge in 2002 . "  I speak five languages , including Arabic , " he said . "  There 's nothing more that I 'd love than to go back right now . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Most Republicans on Senate panel oppose repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " Joint Chiefs boss says letting gays and lesbians serve openly is "  right thing to do " Defense secreatry : As change is phased in , enforcement of policy to be "  fairer " Implementation plan for ending the old policy due by end of year , says Robert Gates
CNN  -- The story of a biblical miracle that saved a man 's life from blazing bullets has turned out to be a myth , police in Ohio said . The account by a public transit bus driver who said a devotional Bible carried in his chest pocket stopped two shots fired at his heart is n't true , said Dayton Police Chief Richard Biehl on Wednesday . "  Based on the evidence , this crime did not occur as reported , " he told CNN affiliate WDTN . The incident took place in February . On Wednesday , the driver , Rickey Wagoner , stuck by his narrative . "  I did n't make this up in any way , shape or form , " Wagoner said . "  And because things happen that they ca n't explain , they think that I am lying . They 're not offering any proof that I am lying . " Gang initiation ? Wagoner said that three young men assailed him possibly as part of a gang initiation in February . At the time , he said he heard one of them tell another to "  kill the polar bear " in order to be "  all the way in the club . "  Wagoner is white . The attackers , he said , were black . Police Chief Biehl cast a wrench into that part of the story on Wednesday , doubting the attack even happened . "  We do not have three armed male offenders stalking members of our community and assaulting them without provocation , " he said . Casting doubts Wagoner said he sprang into action , pulling an aluminum pen from his pocket and stabbing one of the teenage boys in the leg . The suspects dropped the gun and fled . Wagoner said he picked it up and fired after them . Whatever transpired , he came away from it with a bullet wound to the leg and a slashed arm , which were treated at a local hospital . Police did n't say in February what condition the Bible was in , but they believed Wagoner 's miracle story back then . They said that without some kind of intervention , he would n't have survived . But after months of examining DNA evidence and doing ballistics tests on the gun , police say they have demystified the story . Biehl said that Wagoner may lose his job with the public transit authority , which also accuses him of making the story up . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Julia Lull	A Dayton public transit bus driver said a Bible in his pocket stopped bullets Police believed his story in February , saying ` intervention ' saved his life After reviewing DNA and ballistics evidence , they demystified the miracle story But bus driver Rickey Wagoner says he did n't lie
CNN  -- Remember that messiness when Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien were battling it out on air ? Or when Leno and David Letterman used to trade jabs during their monologues ? Neither do we . These days the late-night focus is on the Jimmys : Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy Kimmel . Fallon has managed to keep fans riveted with expectations over what musical guest might pop up next in a way that has n't happened since Arsenio Hall left the air  admit it , you sang along when Mariah Carey did "  All I Want For Christmas "  and capitalized on the boyish charm that made him star of "  Weekend Update " on "  Saturday Night Live . " Meanwhile Kimmel has been everywhere recently , from the cover of Rolling Stone to ruling the Web on Friday after his "  nemesis " Matt Damon took over his show Thursday night in what turned out to be one seriously funny Kimmel roast . Thursday night 's temporarily renamed show , "  Jimmy Kimmel Sucks , " was the result of a long-time "  feud " between Kimmel and the Academy Award winning Damon and helped pull in the viewers . It proved to be so successful that ABC has announced it will re-air the episode during prime time Tuesday night . According to a press release , the show resulted in Kimmel 's highest ratings since his show moved to the 11:35 p.m. time slot this month . It ranked No. 1 among late-night talk shows in both households and among the coveted 18-49 demographic , beating "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " by 62 % and "  The Late Show with David Letterman " by 120 % . But do n't expect Kimmel to rave about that fact on his official Twitter account , or anywhere else for that matter . During a recent appearance before a group of television critics , it was announced that Kimmel had beaten Letterman in the ratings . The Washington Post reported that when asked what it was like to "  kill Dave " in the ratings , Kimmel was quick to retort "  I 'm not killing Dave " and point out that Letterman 's ratings had not changed since Kimmel 's show replaced "  Nightline " in its time slot . That could be despite the fact that Letterman is his competition , Kimmel has a deep respect for the fellow funnyman . "  If I beat David Letterman in the ratings , does that mean I 'm better than Letterman ? " Kimmel recently told Rolling Stone . "  No f *** ing way . " The talk show host had less kind words for Leno , telling the publication , "  As a comedian , you ca n't not have disdain for what he 's done : He totally sold out . " Ouch . So how is Kimmel ensuring that ABC 's gamble to move his show from midnight to its new slot to make it more competitive will pay off ? At this point , it seems just by being himself and continuing with what has led him to this point . Kimmel was n't afraid to show his softer , fan side last Halloween when his hero Letterman appeared on his show . He showed his idol photos of his 18th birthday cake , which sported the "  Late Night With David Letterman " logo . He charmed first lady Michelle Obama when she appeared on his show in October and won rave reviews last year when he hosted both the White House Correspondents Dinner and the Primetime Emmy Awards . Irma Zandl of the Zandl Group tracks trends and told E! that Kimmel is a bit of the late-night everyman . "  I have always considered Jimmy Kimmel the Gen Y version of Jay Leno , " Zandl said . "  He has that Midwestern , down-to-earth humor that Leno represented without the Conan weirdness that has such limited appeal . " He also clearly does n't mind being the butt of the joke as he was Thursday night as celeb friend after celeb friend  including ex-love Sarah Silverman  took shots at him . After all , this is a comic who dressed as a plumber with his crack showing for the cover of Rolling Stone . Top that , Leno and Letterman .	Jimmy Kimmel 's Thursday night show won big ratings Actor Matt Damon "  kidnapped " Kimmel and took over the show Kimmel has been challenging the late-night lead of Letterman and Leno
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Sometimes , a film is so powerful that it haunts you long after you 've left the theater . Usually , it 's because of the weight of the message . The film haunting me is "  The Blind Side . " And the message ? I 'll leave that to Leigh Anne Tuohy to explain . Tuohy and her husband , Sean , are the subjects of the new movie , "  The Blind Side . " The film is an adaptation of the 2006 book , "  The Blind Side : Evolution of a Game " by Michael Lewis . It tells the incredible story of Michael Oher , who went from being a homeless inner-city high school student whose father was dead and whose mother was a crack addict to a star lineman at the University of Mississippi -- eventually being selected by the Baltimore Ravens in the 2009 NFL draft . The Ravens recently signed the 6-5 , 309-pound Oher to a 5-year , $ 13.8 million contract . This American Dream is brought to us not just by Oher 's talent , perseverance , and hard work but also by the fact that he was adopted by the Tuohys . The white , wealthy Memphis family not only fed and clothed Michael but also loved him as one of their own along with daughter Collins and son Sean Jr. . The "  Blind Side " is the No. 2 film in America , and the role of Leigh Anne Tuohy is played to perfection by Sandra Bullock . Still , some critics dismissed the film as hokey and condescending , with one calling it the latest chapter in Hollywood 's "  long , troubled history of well-meaning white paternalism , with poor black athletes finding success through white charity . " They missed the point . Simply put , there 's a lot that any one of us can do to improve the life of our fellow man . And the fact that we do it is its own reward . "  He had a much greater impact on our lives than we did on his life , " Leigh Anne said in a recent interview . "  You have this child , and you bring him in , and you realize how fortunate you are , how you 're blessed to have family , you 're blessed to have your health . So much in life you take for granted . " There 's the message : So much in life you take for granted . We 've forgotten how lucky we are , because we 're busy cursing fate . We 've stopped being grateful for what we have , because we somehow find it more satisfying to complain about what we do n't . Until we meet someone who has much less than we do . So much in life you take for granted . As Americans , we 've become victims of our own success . We 've strayed so far from the example of our immigrant parents and grandparents that we bear no resemblance to that model . Weighed down by own bloated sense of entitlement and self-importance , we 've lost our appetite for competition and we prefer to talk instead about what we think we "  deserve . " At the first sign of adversity , we play the victim , give up , or fall apart . With all the blessings that come with living in the world 's most remarkable country , still we complain . We retreat . We whine . Here in the Golden State , thousands of students at the University of California turned out to protest a 32 percent fee increase . I wrote a column , expressing disappointment that these "  brats " consider a publicized subsidized college education an entitlement and telling them to go get jobs if their education is that important to them . I heard back from many of their parents who , angrily rising to their children 's defense , informed me -- in incompatible narratives -- that either there were no jobs or their kids already had two of them . How about that ? Bratty parents . Apparently , in California , the apple does n't fall far from the tree . After a few days of that noise , I was ready for a movie where , in one of the more poignant scenes , a young man is given his own bedroom and remarks that he 's "  never had one before . " Not a room but a bed . In another scene , Michael is so grateful to be at Thanksgiving dinner that he respectfully sits at the dining room table while the rest of the family plops down in front of the television . In another scene , he requests a driver 's license just so he can have something with his name on it . So much in life we take for granted . I saw the movie in a well-to-do suburb north of San Diego . The crowd cheered , laughed , and cried . When it was over , there were smiles all around . I wondered : For all we 've acquired , what have we lost -- and look to movies like this to replenish ? The scene about the bed made me want to run home and gather up every one of my kids ' toys and give them to Goodwill . And , I tell you , the next time they ask for something they do n't need , they 're getting a paper route . Or at least they would if they were n't a preschooler and a toddler . In one scene , Leigh Anne interrupts football practice to give Michael a helpful tip for a lineman -- treat the team like your family and protect the family . She tells the startled football coach : "  You can thank me later . " Treat yourself to a nice present this holiday season . See this movie . You can thank me later . The opinions expressed by this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	A new film , "  The Blind Side , " tells inspirational story of hope and caring , says Ruben Navarrette Jr. . He says film points up how fortunate most Americans are Rather than appreciate their luck , many wallow in complaints about obstacles , he says Navarrette : There 's so much in life that we take for granted
CNN  -- Phyllophorous : an adjective meaning "  leaf-bearing " or , alternately , "  the word that exiled me to the oft-fabled Crying Room at the 1986 National Spelling Bee in Washington , D.C. " Strangely , I did n't mind ; I 'd already gotten my prize . Very few of us are lovely on the outside at age 13 , and even less so are those of us inclined toward worrying words down to their etymological nubbins . My light-socket perm , train track braces and penchant for unicorn sweatshirts were n't doing me any favors when it came to feeling at ease among my peers back home . Yes , I 'd gotten attention from the local press , glossy plaques , a pep rally at my Fort Thomas , Kentucky , school and , creepily enough , an obscene phone call -- all accolades for my ascent through regional bee wins . However , I 'd have gladly traded every scrap of that for a chance to feel like one of the girls who knew how to give herself Sun-In highlights and flirt adorably with the boys on the basketball team . That was until I met Karla . Upon arrival at the Grand Hyatt hotel , spellers were issued a blue , plastic-bound autograph book as impetus to mingle with our fellow contenders . After some initial hesitation , I actually began to enjoy the ritual of handing over the little talisman , scribbling something silly in the the book they 'd handed me in return , then trading back and madly flipping through to see what they 'd written to me . I liked Karla right away . She was "  bee royalty " -- a brash , third-time competitor from Roanoke , Virginia , prone to yelling things like "  Nuke the French ! " and quoting British comedy shows . As she doodled an elaborate self-portrait that filled a whole page in the back of the book , she gave me the lay of the land . That kid over there -- rumor had it his family had hired a professional coach to prep him . That girl -- home-schooled . Do n't look for her at any of the mixers or day trips . Her mom was going to keep her locked in the hotel room , cramming until the very last second . 2010 Spelling Bee kicked off Wednesday Karla , herself , was n't going to be skimping on socializing and sightseeing , but she was going to sequester herself for some last-minute studying in the hopes of making one last run at the title in her final year of eligibility . And oddly -- very oddly -- for me , a kid prone to gut-grinding panic attacks , self-flagellation over academic success and generally ill at ease in my own skin , I began to sink into calm . I was n't , for once , the dorkiest girl in the room , and instead was surrounded by kids who lived for language play , lovely books , good grades and a life of the mind . I 'd suddenly found my people . And while there was n't a gawky little ghost of a chance that I was going to beat them in the bee this year , I was cool with that . My cool lasted until we hit the ballroom stage the next day and a few hundred terrified , raw-nerved elementary school kids with pasteboard number signs around our necks had to stand in front of cameras from every major national news organization and spell words that I could have sworn the announcers were making up on the spot : gobemouche , phaeochrous , exiguous . Many kids hemmed , hawed , begged , borrowed and stole time with requests for definitions , etymologies , sentence use . I just went for it . Machine  duh !  . Ethos  a word I shoehorn into conversation as frequently as possible  . I think there 's another round I 'm still blocking out . And then : "  Phyllophorous . " "  Could you repeat that ? " "  Phyllophorous . " "  Uh...F-I-L ... " Buzz . Incorrect . My head , now freed of its duties for the day , floated somewhere off into the middle distance , and I trudged off to the Crying Room where some well-meaning volunteers offered tissues , cookies and hugs to spellers whose dreams had been shattered . I opted for the cookie and went off to apologize to my dad , who 'd spent a goodly amount of his evenings on my training . That 's OK , he assured me . He was just excited that we 'd get to go to more museums . Did I want to hit the National Gallery now ? I 'd wanted to go to that museum for ages , but instead , I took my place in the audience and watched my friend Karla battle through several more rounds before butting up against , I believe the word was , "  dentifrice . " She joined me in the ballroom , kibitzing at my side as speller 102 , Jon Pennington of Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , took home top honors for "  odontalgia " - a fancy word for toothache . Karla grumbled that she totally could have gotten that one . I nodded in sympathy . Jon went on TV to visit David Letterman and spell against Johnny Carson , where I 'm happy to say , one of Doc Severinson 's bandmates spelled "  phyllophorous " incorrectly . Jon got cash prizes and a place in the history books . I got a weird , funny friend who kind of understood me . And that was o-k-a-y with me .	Kat Kinsman went to the National Spelling Bee at age 13 in 1986 Back home , she was an outsider with light-socket perm , train track braces Now she was with kids who lived for language play , lovely books , good grades Kat did n't win trophy , but won a friend who kind of understood her
CNN  -- A cameraman with Sky News was killed in Egypt Wednesday as he covered the violent unrest in Cairo , the UK-based news channel reported on its website . Mick Deane , 61 , had worked for Sky for 15 years , based in Washington and then Jerusalem , the channel said . He previously worked for CNN , based in London and Rome . A Sky News team member told CNN that Deane was shot inside the Rabaa al-Adawiya camp , where security forces have been trying Wednesday to clear supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy . "  Michael was about to lift the camera on his shoulder  when  a sniper from the other side opened fired and killed him instantly , " he said . "  The moment he lifted the camera he was shot dead by a sniper . " John Ryley , head of Sky News , paid tribute to Deane as the very best of cameramen and a brilliant journalist . The channel 's website quoted Sky 's foreign affairs editor Tim Marshall as saying Deane was "  a friend , brave as a lion but what a heart ... what a human being . " A Reuters photojournalist , Asmaa Waguih , was shot and wounded covering the clashes in Cairo , Jo Crosby of Reuters in London told CNN . Waguih is currently receiving hospital treatment , Crosby said . Habiba Abdel Aziz of Gulf News ' sister publication , "  Xpress , " was also killed Wednesday , editor at large Francis Matthew told CNN . She was in Egypt in a personal capacity , not on a work assignment , Matthew said . ` So much more than a cameraman ' CNN anchor Jim Clancy recalled working with Deane in Beirut in 1982 , as CNN covered the Israeli invasion and ongoing civil war in Lebanon . "  Mick was so much more than a cameraman and video editor , he was an extremely active journalist who contributed to every aspect of our coverage , " he said . At one point , Clancy 's urgings for one more shot meant the CNN team became trapped as warplanes dropped large bombs . "  Mick turned to me , not angrily but sincerely , and looking me straight in the eyes said : ` You know , Clancy , you can get killed here , ' " Clancy said . "  It is heartbreaking that someone always looking out for the safety of his colleagues would lose his life covering the story in Cairo , Egypt . I 'm heartbroken . I can only imagine the pain being felt by his wife and two sons today and my thoughts and prayers are with them . " Deane 's widow is Daniela Deane , a former Washington Post writer . CNN 's U.N. correspondent , Richard Roth , recalled how Deane first joined CNN 's then-fledgling Rome bureau in 1982 and over time became a good friend as well as "  the voice of reason " in the office . "  I guess my main point is how smart , calm and helpful Mick was , " Roth said . "  He spoke the local language and could quietly charm anyone in our way to a story . The word that always came to me regarding Mick was ` wise ' . And his dry humor was superb . " He added , "  I ca n't believe he is gone . " CNN 's Tim Schwarz described Deane as "  a consummate professional , courageous but careful , never rash . I worked with him in my earliest years in television and he taught me more than anyone ever since . " UK Prime Minister David Cameron said via Twitter : "  I am saddened to hear of the death of cameraman Mick Deane , covering Egyptian violence . My thoughts are with his family and @SkyNews team . " The Foreign Press Association said it is "  shocked and appalled " by the news of Deane 's death and expressed its condolences to his family , friends and colleagues . The rest of the Sky News team in Cairo was unhurt , the channel said . Egypt explained : 6 key questions CNN 's Leone Lakhani , Maggie Leung , Stephanie Ott and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	CNN journalists pay tribute to cameraman Mick Deane , a former co-worker Deane was killed while covering the violence in Cairo for Sky News His producer says he was shot by a sniper as he lifted his camera to film at sit-in camp Deane , 61 , had worked for Sky for 15 years , based in Washington and Jerusalem
CNN  Saying war crimes have been committed on a massive scale in Syria , members of a United Nations commission indicated Friday they may soon publish a list of people suspected of atrocities during the protracted civil war . Four lists have already been compiled but have been kept secret because the alleged perpetrators should be given due process , said Vitit Muntarbhorn , a member of the U.N. commission of inquiry on Syria . A new list would consolidate the first four , he said . "  We are also considering today , this month and next month , the pros and cons of whether or not to release the list , " he said . The announcement came as the commission released its ninth report on the situation in Syria , where a civil war has intensified and become more bloody since beginning in 2011 . More than 200,000 civilians have been killed during the conflict and millions of people have fled to neighboring countries . Many other people have been tortured or raped . And concern is building because children are now being turned into executioners . In their report , the four commissioners said : "  Missed humanitarian opportunities have been aggravated by the exponential rise in the perpetration of war crimes , crimes against humanity and human rights violations . " The commissioners recommended that justice be administered through the International Criminal Court or an ad hoc international tribunal . To set up a tribunal would take the approval of the U.N. Security Council , said Mark Lyall Grant , the United Kingdom 's ambassador to the United Nations . The commission may release the list of alleged war criminals at a meeting of the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva on March 17 . The list would name members of the Syrian military , rebel groups and ISIS . CNN 's Richard Roth contributed to this report .	U.N. commission has compiled four lists with names of suspected war criminals The lists are kept secret but the four commissioners are considering the appropriateness of releasing names March 17 may be the date , when the United Nations Human Rights Council meets
CNN  -- When the new Formula 1 season gets underway in March , for the first time there will be a woman running a team 's entire operations from track to boardroom . The team is Sauber and the woman in charge is Monisha Kaltenborn , an Indian-born lawyer who has risen to the top in this male-dominated sport . Kaltenborn , 41 , has been CEO of Sauber -- sixth in last year 's team championship -- since 2010 , but in October she also took over from Peter Sauber as team principal , putting her in charge of performance on the track as well as the business operation . "  As team principal you have a very exposed position at the track side , " said Kaltenborn . "  It 's really about the racing . " Kaltenborn has fought for recognition in a sport where another team boss -- whom she is too polite to name -- once mistook her for Peter Sauber 's interpreter . "  It was an elderly gentleman who has a different kind of thinking , " she said . "  He soon realized and was highly embarrassed . " Others have been more subtle , but still betray a surprise to see a woman in her job . "  It 's the first moment when you are introduced with your title and you see a slight surprise , " said Kaltenborn . "  I hope that my record will encourage more women and girls to come into motorsport . " Kaltenborn is a member and ambassador for the Women in Motorsport Commission set up by governing body , the FIA . The commission promotes women drivers in the FIA 's karting and rally championships and has a network of national coordinators encouraging girls and women in their countries . "  There 's a project in schools which looks at all the roles in the team from financial and technical to marketing , and 30 % of participants are girls , " she said . "  For me it 's very important because we need to help women and young girls to be given the opportunity . " However , those hoping to see a woman Formula 1 driver reach a pole position anytime soon could be disappointed . "  I think it will take a while because it 's a tough world out there to reach Formula 1 , " said Kaltenborn . "  There are just 22 drivers out of hundreds of thousands worldwide . "  It 's important we start at the roots and groom the girls in the same way the boys are groomed . " For some , Formula 1 's macho image and use of "  grid girls " -- glamorous women who hold markers giving teams ' grid position -- undermines its efforts to be taken seriously by women . Not for Kaltenborn , however . "  I do n't have a problem with that image , " she said . "  I think girls are prettier to look at than if you had men in those roles . "  There 's nothing wrong with the image because nobody is being discriminated against . " See also : F1 revolution ahead after ` identikit ' 2013 season Kaltenborn was born Monisha Narang in Dehradun , India , and moved with her parents to Austria at the age of eight . Although her first ambition was to be an astronaut , she trained as a lawyer and had only a passing interest in Formula 1 . "  I grew up in Austria and when I was a child , there were famous Austrian drivers like Niki Lauda and Gerhard Berger and a race in Austria , so I had a basic knowledge of the sport , " she said . She never imagined , however , that she would make a career out of it until she was approached to join the legal team of Fritz Kaiser Group in 1998 . Kaiser was a shareholder in what was then the Red Bull Sauber Formula 1 team . "  When I joined the company in Lichtenstein I saw what happens behind the scenes and there 's so much more to it , " she said . "  The first time I came to the factory and saw what it takes to make a Formula 1 car , it became a passion . " When Kaiser sold off his shares in the team , Kaltenborn moved to Hinwil in Switzerland to run Sauber Group 's legal department . So began her inexorable rise through the company , joining its board in 2001 , becoming CEO in 2010 and finally team principal in 2012 . She is unusual in being a team principal with a legal , rather than a technical background , but insists it does not put her at a disadvantage . See : The most ambitious women on earth "  With a legal background you learn to ask the right questions , " said Kaltenborn . "  Most areas are so highly specialized that you hardly find a technical person who has detailed knowledge of all areas . People from different backgrounds enrich the sport . " Kaltenborn is married with two children , aged 10 and seven , and has to cope with a lot of time away from her family during the racing season . "  I 'm often away , which makes it very tough , but they take it well . I try to have a lot of contact with them when I 'm away , " she said . It was not until 2011 , however , that she took her children to a Formula 1 race , and they now go to the Monaco Grand Prix once a year . However , "  there 's so much work and noise that it 's not a place for little kids , " she said . Kaltenborn 's first full season in charge begins with the Australian Grand Prix on March 17 . There is a new car -- the Sauber C32 Ferrari -- and a new team of drivers , German Niko Hulkenberg , recently signed from Sahara Force India , and Mexican Esteban Gutierrez , previously Sauber 's reserve driver . For Kaltenborn , it will be a first chance to take full control of the team she has made her own .	Monisha Kaltenborn became Formula 1 's first female team principal in October She is in charge of both business and on-the-track performance of Sauber , sixth in last year 's team championship Trained as a lawyer , Kaltenborn came to Formula 1 by chance , after joining legal team of one of Sauber 's shareholders
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Shazadi , a mother of six , scrubs her thin steel dishes as hard as she can with as little water as she can . The only way she gets water is by filling up heavy buckets from a neighborhood spigot and lugging them home . But once she gets it home she worries whether it is even safe to drink . "  We get sick two to three times per month , " Shazadi said . "  I can not afford bottled water . " Her seven-year-old daughter , Moazmin , smiles and waves at us . She wants to play but is n't feeling good . "  My stomach aches and gurgles , " she said , before talking about the many times she has been to the hospital . She made clear she was not fond of the injection she is often given there . There are about 100,000 people living in this neighborhood on New Delhi 's outskirts . None of them has ever had water piped into their homes . Instead the government turns on one tap three times a day . This is how the vast majority of the neighborhood gets access to water . People line up to fill their bottles and buckets , and children take showers under the flowing water . The tap juts out inches from a drain littered with garbage and sewage and clumps of bright green algae . There are a few people in the area who have installed ground water pumps , but these are illegal . Some others get their drinking water from Prakash Sahoo . He has made a business of providing water to residents and businesses . He rides his bicycle around the neighborhood every day in the baking hot sun , making five or six trips to fill a large water container strapped to the back of his bike . He is pouring with sweat as he makes his deliveries . "  There is no sanitation here , just so many complaints . So I thought : ` Let me get a water filter and supply clean water to these people , in order to help them and make some money ' , " Sahoo said . He charges 10 rupees -- about 18 cents -- per container , a price business owners but few others can afford to pay , as most in the neighborhood make less than $ 2 a day . Getting clean water to drink is a struggle every day of their lives . India 's government has long fought to provide enough clean drinking water for the masses . The country has 18 percent of the world 's population but only 4 percent of the world 's renewable water sources . And demand is growing . At the same time major problems with leaks and pollution strip away the supply further . T.M. Vijay Bhaskar , an official with India 's department of drinking water and sanitation , said rural India has a whole range of issues depleting its water . "  Because rural drinking water is dependent on ground water , ground water levels are going down because of exploitation by irrigation , by farmers and by industries , we are forced to drill deeper and deeper for drinking water , " he told CNN . "  And as we go deeper and deeper we find more and more contaminants . It may be arsenic . It may be fluoride . Now we are finding nitrate , iron , and salinity . Uranium is also involved in some places . " India has put in place a national river conservation plan aimed at pollution abatement in its rivers . That plan includes interception , diversion and treatment of sewage , low-cost sanitation works on riverbanks , and electric or improved wood crematoria for funerals . Authorities admit India is facing what they call "  water stress " because of urbanization , industrialization and rising population . According to the 2011 census , the nation 's per capita water availability stands at 1,545 cubic meters , down from 1,816 cubic meters in the 2001 population count . This year an acute water shortage hit the capital , New Delhi . The city relies on other states for much of its water supply but has found itself in a tug of war to get it because other states are dealing with shortages too . There are still entire neighborhoods in the city where large trucks bring in the only water supply . Thirsty crowds emerge as soon as the truck becomes visible . Mother Bimla fills as large a bucket as possible because the truck only comes to her neighborhood three times a week . Underneath the water truck children squat to put little buckets which collect the drops of water spilling from the undercarriage . "  At times there are scuffles and we have to return empty handed , " said Bimla . When every drop of water matters , the fight for it is ultimately a fight for survival .	Indian authorities say the country is facing "  water stress " India has 18 % of the world 's population but only 4 % of the world 's renewable water sources Demand for drinking water is growing , but pollution and leaks are depleting supplies Many communities rely on standpipes and water tankers
CNN  -- A pop star could have a quickie Vegas wedding tomorrow , to a man she meets tonight , if she so chooses . Scott Peterson , convicted of the murder of his pregnant wife and on death row , has an inalienable right to a prison wedding with a female pen pal if the mood strikes him . Indiana grandmother Linda Wolfe holds the Guinness World Records title for most marriages : 23 . One lasted just 36 hours . She 's on the lookout for No. 24 , and when she finds him , no law can stop her from marrying him . The U.S. Supreme Court has held unanimously that "  the freedom to marry has long been recognized as one of the vital personal rights essential to the orderly pursuit of happiness by free men . Marriage is one of the basic civil rights of man . " So basic , so important , so fundamental , in constitutional parlance , that no state can interfere with even the most reckless heterosexual nuptials . Yet in most states , my friends Wilbert and Carlos , "  free men " together 16 years and lovingly raising a son , are shut out of the 1,100 federal and hundreds of state legal benefits that come with marriage . These include the right to visit a spouse in a hospital and make medical decisions ; employer sick and bereavement leave ; inheritance rights ; the right to give unlimited gifts to a spouse without gift tax ; disability , pension , and Social Security benefits ; the right to bring a wrongful death case ; the right to refuse to testify against a spouse ; or the right to prevent the deportation of a foreign-born partner by marriage , among others . Perhaps most poignant , and often lost in this debate , are children in same-sex families : kids like my friends ' son Dorian , growing up with the sting of knowing that his parents are second-class citizens in their own country . Study after study finds that something about marriage makes us live longer , healthier lives . Married folks have significantly better mental health , engage in fewer risky behaviors , eat healthier , have less illness and are just plain happier . And do n't tell me that civil unions are exactly the same as marriage . If that 's true , then let 's let gays and lesbians pick first . If they pick marriage , and heterosexuals are relegated to civil unions , no problem , right , since they are exactly the same ? The trial challenging Proposition 8 , the law that bans same-sex marriage in California , started Monday in San Francisco . This will be the first federal trial in U.S. history in which testimony will be heard and recorded about the harm to gay and lesbian citizens caused by laws like Prop 8 . iReport : Is Prop 8 constitutional ? Share your view As a civil rights lawyer for 23 years , there is no question at all in my mind that as a matter of constitutional law , the federal court must strike down any law that creates a subclass of Americans , shutting them out of legal privileges and protections available to others , merely because they are gay . Demeaning and disrespecting gay people is a constitutional affront . Seven years ago , the U.S. Supreme Court handed down Lawrence v. Texas , the gay community 's Brown v. Board of Education , striking down state laws that criminalized private , consensual gay sex , saying : "  The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives . The state can not demean their existence or control their destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime . " When all the testimony about legal rights , benefits and protections in the Prop 8 trial is said and done , Perry v. Schwarzenegger is ultimately about just that . Our gay and lesbian friends and neighbors are entitled to respect for their private lives , and the state can not demean their existence , even by majority vote . Seven out of 10 Americans supported laws banning interracial marriage at the time our president 's black father and white mother married . But the Supreme Court knew that our federal Constitution 's guarantee of equal protection of the law was a bedrock American principle that sometimes requires the courts to lead , and so lead they did , striking down antimiscegenation laws in 1967 . Now , only lunatic-fringe bigots would support those laws . My favorite anti-Prop 8 placard read : "  When do I get to vote on your marriage ? " Same-sex marriage may be a politically volatile and complex issue , but as a matter of federal constitutional law , it 's simple : Fundamental rights must be granted equally across the board to all American citizens . Equal means equal . The rest , constitutionally speaking , is just noise . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Bloom .	Lisa Bloom : Heterosexuals may marry in jail , after one-night stands , many times over Yet , Bloom says , longtime same-sex couples with children ca n't marry Bloom writes that the Constitution demands end to discriminatory Proposition 8 She says Prop 8 violates the Constitution 's guarantee of equal protection under the law
CNN  -- The king of Bahrain has decreed that the country 's state of emergency will end June 1 , state media reported Sunday . Massive anti-government protests prompted King Hamad al-Khalifa 's March 15 declaration of a three-month state of emergency in Bahrain , a strategically important kingdom and U.S. ally . Witnesses reported violent crackdowns on protesters after the state of emergency was imposed . Meanwhile , a trial has started for 21 suspects accused of fostering the unrest , the official Bahrain News Agency reported Sunday . A hard-line Shiite opposition group and a leading human rights activist were among those on trial . The suspects face accusations of "  terrorist attempts to topple the regime forcibly in collaboration with a terrorist organization working for a foreign country , " the government-run news agency said . Human rights groups said forces have raided hospitals , targeting doctors and patients , during the state of emergency . More than 40 doctors and nurses faced prosecution last week on charges that included having supported "  the saboteurs and the calls to bring down the political regime , " the news agency said . Government officials in Bahrain denied targeting hospitals . The protests started in February , when young members of the country 's Shiite Muslim majority staged protests to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption -- issues they say the country 's Sunni rulers have done little to address . Bahrain 's ruling Khalifa family is Sunni Muslim , but about two-thirds of the country 's people are Shiite . Hard-line protesters have called for the abolition of the country 's royal family altogether . Bahrain is home to the headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet , the naval arm of American power in the region . In a speech last month , the country 's crown prince defended the government 's actions . "  We were immensely concerned that some of our youth were pushed towards a destructive path and that the nation was drawn along with them , " Prince Salman bin Hamad al-Khalifasaid , according to an official transcript . "  We took necessary action to preserve lives and the livelihood and interests of all the people , based on our commitment to Islamic and Arab values , " he said . CNN 's Jennifer Fenton contributed to this report .	NEW : State media : Trial begins for 21 suspects accused of "  attempts to topple the regime " A state of emergency that has been in place since March will be lifted June 1 , the king says Witnesses say it allowed a government crackdown on protesters Demonstrators in Bahrain have complained about unemployment and corruption
CNN  -- Israel came under fire Monday for claiming close to 1,000 acres of land in the Palestinian West Bank . Israel announced Sunday that the land in and around the Wadi Fukin valley , would become "  state land , " clearing the way for the development of a new Israeli settlement . The affected land lies near Bethlehem and close to Bitar Ilit -- one of the biggest Israeli settlements in the West Bank . Farmers in the area have 45 days to appeal Israel 's decision to claim the land . "  The seizure of such a large swathe of land risks paving the way for further settlement activity , which -- as the United Nations has reiterated on many occasions -- is illegal under international law and runs totally counter to the pursuit of a two-state solution , " United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement Monday . UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond issued a similar statement , criticizing the move . "  This is a particularly ill-judged decision that comes at a time when the priority must be to build on the cease-fire in Gaza . It will do serious damage to Israel 's standing in the international community , " he said . "  Our position on settlements is clear : they are illegal under international law , present an obstacle to peace and take us further away from a two state solution at a time when negotiations to achieve this objective urgently need to be resumed . " Hammond said efforts should be focused on securing a durable cease-fire in Gaza and lasting peace . "  We strongly urge the government of Israel to reverse this decision , " he said . Teens ' abduction Israeli officials told CNN the expropriation was linked to the kidnapping and murder of three Israeli teenagers who disappeared from the West Bank settlement of Gush Etzion in June . Tensions between Israel and Hamas ratcheted up after the teens ' bodies were found June 30 . Both sides last week agreed to an open-ended cease-fire following more than seven weeks of heavy fighting . Hamas has said the teens were abducted by Hamas militants who did not inform the group 's leadership about their operation . The Israeli Civil Administration , which rules over Palestinians in Israeli-controlled areas of the West Bank , has posted "  no trespassing " signs in the valley . Farmer Mahmoud Mifrah , 66 , told CNN he had grown vegetables and olives in Wadi Fukin for 42 years and did not see why he should suffer the consequences of others ' crimes . "  We are the neighbors of the Israeli people , " Mifrah said . "  We share water and air and everything . We have to find a way to live together . " The Palestine Liberation Organization said the expropriation was the "  the largest Israeli land grab in the Occupied State of Palestine in three decades . " "  This move is further proof of Israel 's relentless policy of destroying the prospects for a negotiated peace and an independent Palestinian state , living side by side the State of Israel in peace and security , " the PLO said in a statement . The Israeli group Peace Now expressed bafflement at the move . "  It 's a crazy idea . In my view it 's collective punishment not only to Palestinians but also to Israelis that it 's actually killing our chances to get to peace some day , and a two state solution , " spokeswoman Hagit Ofran said .	PLO says "  land grab " destroys prospect for peace Britain has urged Israel to reverse moves to claim land in the Palestinian West Bank Israel announced Sunday almost 1,000 acres would become "  state land " Officials told CNN the decision was linked to the abduction and murder of 3 Israeli teens
London  CNN  -- It is a year since an 18th-century Chinese vase was sold in London for $ 68 million , smashing world records . Now dealers and auction houses in London are feverishly anticipating a slew of sales as part of Asian Art in London , a week-long event that has been attracting newly-wealthy Chinese buyers and collectors to the capital for over a decade . Max Rutherston , Chairman of Asian Art in London , says the week of Asian art sales and exhibitions in London has been running for 13 years , and has seen a "  Chinese art boom , " with collectors from mainland China and Hong Kong flocking to London to check out the array of antique wares laid out in the salesrooms and galleries . Antique vases hailing from the much-sought-after 18th-century Qianlong period are going under the hammer at major auction houses Sotheby 's , Christie 's and Bonhams and on display at the commercial galleries , alongside decorative objets d'art and furnishings . Bonhams is selling a rare vase estimated to fetch between $ 8 million  # 5 million  and $ 13 million  # 8 million  . The 50cm tall vase features delicate chrysanthemum blossoms in white and pink tones and bears the Qianlong seal . "  The Qianlong period is really the apex of the technical achievement for Chinese porcelain , it was a time of great prosperity that led to great opulence and magnificent objects were produced for the imperial court , " explained Asaph Hyman , a Senior Specialist in the Chinese department at Bonhams . Sotheby 's , too , is hosting a round of sales , with lots ranging from ornately decorated vases to a gilt-bronze enamel tiger , estimated to fetch between $ 319,000  # 200,000  and $ 479,000  # 300,000  . All houses are anticipating that the buyers of these artifacts will be Chinese , either from Hong Kong or the mainland , with some Taiwanese customers as well . It 's a trend that has become more and more pronounced in the last decade , driving prices ever higher . "  It 's a true tide-change , " said Asian art dealer Daniel Eskenazi , whose London dealership has been running for 50 years . "  The Chinese were n't allowed to buy anything under Mao and they are developing very quickly , tending to go into an area and exhausting it completely before moving onto another one , " he continued . Westerners , who at one point collected this type of work , are being increasingly priced out of the market and are now more likely to sell than buy , said Eskenazi . "  It 's very patriotic , I 'd put it down to that , " opined Sotheby 's Specialist Stephen Loakes , as to why Chinese buyers are so keen to pay such large sums for antiques from their homeland . "  They want to bring back their heritage , which gives them brownie points at home and if they buy it for a lot of money , there 's a status thing there too , " added Eskenazi . The major auction houses are a regular draw to the new class of Chinese rich but so are smaller ones , such as Bainbridges , the comparatively small auction house in West London that sold the $ 68 million vase in 2010 . "  The market is very strong and people will go to where the object is , " said Loakes . "  You go to the most remote little auction house that 's difficult to get to and with Google Maps , half of mainland China is already there , " Eskenazi said . And with the new class of Chinese buyers entering the market right now , high prices have become normalized . "  If you start from day one at this level , then you think it 's normal , " he said . "  It 's incredible , I think it will have its ups and downs but the long-term trend is that  prices will keep  going up , " he continued . So why do Chinese buyers come to London to buy art ? "  Where London 's always been very lucky is in the phenomenal levels of expertise here , " said Rutherston of Asian Art in London . "  You have world-class dealers , which is ironic because there are n't that many collectors here , " he continued . "  It 's that classic British thing of being a middleman -- the art comes in from abroad to be sold here to go abroad again . It 's what we 're good at , " he said .	Newly-wealthy Chinese make yearly pilgrimage to Asian Art in London week Major auction houses selling sought-after Chinese antiques Vase at Bonhams expected to sell for more than $ 8 million London has "  phenomenal level of expertise " that keeps Chinese coming back
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Despite the rain , "  Slumdog Millionaire " shone brightly at the British Academy Awards Sunday , scooping a clutch of honors . "  Slumdog Millionaire " director Danny Boyle shields composer A.R. Rahman from the rain as they arrive Sunday at the BAFTA awards in London . Not even the drizzle could dampen Danny Boyle 's spirits as "  Slumdog , " his Mumbai-set rags to riches movie phenomenon won a remarkable seven awards at the glitziest night in the UK film calendar . "  You make a film like this and you just hope and pray it will be seen by a few people , " the British director told CNN . "  And the journey it 's been on , the reception it 's had around the world , has just been extraordinary . " Watch Danny Boyle , Dev Patel and Freida Pinto talking about "  Slumdog " on the red carpet . As was widely expected , following its haul of four Golden Globes last month including Best Motion Picture , "  Slumdog " took the Best Film award . "  I 'd like to acknowledge the blood , sweat and tears of our cast , " said the film 's producer , Christian Colson who accepted the award . "  The film you saw is the film Danny Boyle imagined and it 's very rare you can say that . He dreamed the dream , 24-hours a day , seven days a week for two and a half years . " Boyle 's labors were recognized by the Academy , handing him the Director award , which he can add to the BAFTA he won for debut feature "  Shallow Grave " in 1995 . "  Slumdog " has touched audiences and critics alike . Boyle thinks the film 's extraordinary effect is down to its universal message of hope . "  It 's the contrast I think between where the kid comes from and what he achieves , " said Boyle . "  And he achieves everything on his own terms , and that gives you a kind of hope , really , which we all , no matter how romantic it is , we all need that . " Watch Bollywood legend and "  Slumdog " star Anil Kapoor talking about the "  Slumdog " phenomenon . "  Slumdog " also won the Cinematography , Adapted Screenplay , Music , Sound and Editing awards . Closest rival David Fincher 's "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " which was up for 11 awards , bagged only three . These included a richly-deserved Make Up & Hair award for the feat of transforming Brad Pitt into an octogenarian baby to tell the curious story of a man who is born old and gets younger as he ages . Actress Kate Winslet also continued her success streak , scoring the Leading Actress honor for her powerful portrayal of a former-Nazi concentration camp guard in Stephen Daldry 's "  The Reader . " Conversely , Winslet both won and lost the award having been nominated twice in the same category , which included Meryl Streep for "  Doubt , " and Kristin Scott Thomas for "  I 've Loved You So Long . " But most eyes were on the actress to see if there would be a repeat performance of the breathlessly incoherent acceptance speech she made at the Golden Globes last month after winning two awards . "  These are really special moments . And I do n't want to waste them , " Winslet told CNN on the red carpet before going on to accept her award with no tears or obvious emotion . Instead she simply thanked her parents and the late Anthony Minghella and the late Sydney Pollack , two of the film 's producers . Watch Kate Winslet talking about her "  amazing year " on the red carpet . Reformed Hollywood badboy Mickey Rourke provided the only mild controversy of the night with a few expletives in his acceptance speech for the Best Actor award . "  Thank you Darren Aronofsky who gave me a second chance after I 'd f *** ed up my career for 15 years . Such a pleasure to be here , and be out of the darkness , " he told the audience . Earlier , the actor told CNN how things have changed for him since the accolades started pouring in for his extraordinary performance in Aronofsky 's "  The Wrestler . " "  I got a whole bunchy of new friends that I do n't need , " Rourke said . "  But I 've also heard from some people that I 'd worked with years ago that I 'd burned bridges with that have come around . "  It 's taken me a long time to change and come back and do things the right way . I 'm just grateful for the second chance . " There were also gongs for Spain 's Penelope Cruz , who took home Supporting Actress for her fiery scene-stealing performance as an unhinged artist in Woody Allen 's "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona , " and the late Heath Ledger whose chilling reinvention of the Joker in Christopher Nolan 's "  The Dark Knight " was recognized with the Supporting Actor award . Now , as attention turns to the upcoming Oscars , "  Slumdog 's " BAFTA wins will only increase the momentum behind the Best Picture nominee . After success at both the Golden Globes and the BAFTAs , Kate Winslet could also be justified in looking forward to the Oscars with confidence .	"  Slumdog Millionaire " wins seven prizes at British film awards Mickey Rourke named best actor ; Kate Winslet named best actress Penelope Cruz , late Heath Ledger win supporting actor awards
CNN  -- AC Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri is under increasing pressure following his side 's third consecutive Serie A defeat . Allegri , who has been forced to defend his side 's wretched run of form , was left facing criticism once again after Udinese inflicted a 2-1 defeat on the Rossoneri . Milan , who also had Cristian Zapata and Kevin Price - Boateng dismissed , fell behind to a Mathias Ranegie goal just before the interval . Stephan El-Shaarawy fired home an equalizer from 25-yards before both Zapata and Prince-Boateng were dismissed . Antonio Di Natale converted a penalty to earn Udinese their first league win of the season and leave Allegri fearing for his job . Milan has won just one league game so far this season following defeats against Atalanta and Sampdoria . It was a bad day for AC 's city rivals Inter after it slumped to an embarrassing 2-0 defeat against Siena at the San Siro . Siena , who arrived in Milan bottom of the table , took a 73rd minute lead through Simone Vergassola before Francesco Valiani sealed the win . Sampdoria dropped their first points of the season after being held to a 1-1 draw by Torino at the Stadio Luigi Ferarris . Rolando Bianchi put Torino ahead from the penalty spot before Nicola Pozzi also netted from 12-yards to secure a point . Gian Piero Gaseperini suffered defeat in his first game as manager of Palermo after Atalanta recorded a 1-0 win . The former Inter boss was unable to inspire Palermo to its first victory of the season as Cristian Raimondi 's goal gave Atalanta all three points . The game between Cagliari and Roma was called off after the president of the Sardinian club rejected local authority orders to exclude fans from their new stadium . In the day 's late game , Lazio surrendered its unbeaten league record after suffering a 1-0 home defeat against Genoa .	Pressure on Allegri after nightmare start to campaign AC Milan have lost three of their four league games Inter suffer embarrassing home defeat against Siena Sampdoria drop first points of the season with draw
CNN  -- Former Olympic champion Angel Matos of Cuba faces a life ban after kicking a referee flush in the face during his taekwondo bronze medal match in Beijing . Matos reacted in extraordinary fashion to being disqualified by Chelbat . Matos , who took gold in Sydney in 2000 , was winning 3-2 , with just over a minute left in the second round , when he fell to the mat after being hit by his opponent , Kazakhstan 's Arman Chilmanov . Matos lay down , awaiting medical attention , but was then disqualified by referee Chakir Chelbat of Sweden for taking too much injury time . A furious Matos reacted by pushing a judge , then pushed and kicked Chelbat in the face . It left the Swede with blood pouring from his lip while Matos spat on the floor and was then escorted out of the arena . "  We did n't expect anything like what you have witnessed to occur , " said World Taekwondo Federation secretary general Yang Jin-suk . "  I am at a loss for words , " he told the Associated Press . Matos ' coach , Leudis Gonzalez , is also in hot water for his angry reaction and claiming the Kazakhs had tried to fix the match . "  This is an insult to the Olympic vision , an insult to the spirit of taekwondo and , in my opinion , an insult to mankind , " Yang added . Although the arena announcer said Matos and his coach were banned effective immediately , Yang said due process must be followed before officially banning the two . It was not the only controversial moment in the four-day taekwondo competition , which was marred by several protests against judging decisions . Earlier Saturday , China 's double gold medalist Chen Zhong crashed out in the quarterfinals after initially being declared the winner . She was fighting Britain 's Sarah Stevenson , who scored with a clear head kick -- worth two points -- in the final seconds of their bout . That would have put Stevenson ahead and into the semifinals , but the judges ruled Stevenson 's kick was n't solid enough for points , and Chen was declared the winner 1-0 . After Britain protested , the result was changed to put Stevenson in the semifinal . She lost that to jeers from the partisan Chinese crowd , but later won a bronze medal match . It was the first time a match result has been overturned since taekwondo became an official Olympic sport . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Cuba 's Angel Matos kicks referee in the face during bronze medal match Matos was furious with Sweden 's Chakir Chelbat after being disqualified Matos and his coach are facing life bans from taekwondo
CNN  -- When beloved "  Swamp People " family member Mitchell Guist died Monday , tributes began pouring in for the Louisiana alligator hunter . Guist was part of the reality TV show that has attracted viewers to its portrayal of the unique Cajun lifestyle , as seen through the eyes of people who make their living in the vast , mysterious landscape of Louisiana 's largest swamp , the Atchafalaya River Basin . What is ` Swamp People ' ? The History Channel show 's Facebook page , already home to a loyal community of over 1 million viewers and fans , has been filled with memories of Guist from the show , why they loved to watch him and prayers for Guist 's brother , Glenn , who is also on the show . Tammy Noah Whitten enjoyed watching the relationship unfold between the two brothers on the show . "  I always loved watching ` The Guist Brothers ' ! " she wrote . "  They were so sweet together . Mitchell will be greatly missed . You could tell they had a very close relationship . " Others loved to watch out for the brothers ' "  shenanigans " week after week . Their relationship and hijinks helped to drive the show for many . Bernard Hendrix wrote , "  We will all miss Mitch . He was something else . Along with Glenn they made you laugh about hunting or fishing , like the time they caught the gator . Or how Glenn would shoot Mitch squirrel hunting . " New Orleans between the meals Linda Collins Barnes remarked on the Facebook page that Guist reminded her of her dad , while Shellie Poet wrote that "  These good old boys were the best . They inspired a lot of people to live simple . " The Cajun drawl could be felt emanating from the comments , no matter where the fans are watching the show . From Florida to Hawaii , thousands have and continue to share their thoughts . How to make glazed gator ribs "  I know we as fans have only seen a little snippet of Mitch 's life , but being from Louisiana myself , I felt like he could have easily been a part of our family , " Kenny Youngblood wrote . "  May God watch over and comfort you , in your time of great loss . " The Guist brothers forged a connection with viewers because of their simple way of life , laughter and advice about swamp living that translated for people about their own lives . "  You came into our homes every week and we got to know and love you and Glenn , " Tammy Savoie Asbury wrote . "  Now you as gone and we will miss you so much . Y' all always made us laugh . So real and so down to earth , true Cajun people . You will be missed very much . " Down-home Lousiana traditions and recipes Prayers also poured in for Glenn as he navigates this difficult time without his brother . But remembering the laughter shared between brothers on the show is a recurring theme in the Facebook page 's tributes as they share condolences . Many of the fans also wished Guist the best because he "  passed on the swamp , doing what he loved , " according to the show 's Facebook prompt . Pete Camp wrote a sentiment also expressed by many fans . "  Enjoy That Swamp In The Sky ... " People also reached out on our own story about Guist 's passing . And while every comment may not be from a fan or viewer , CNN.com commenter teacheralys shared his perspective . "  I have only occasionally watched the show but I do know this much ... chances are , if you showed up on that man 's doorstep hungry , tired , and in need , he probably would have given you food and helped you to the best of his ability ... no questions asked . I wonder about some of the haters making nasty comments ... would they do the same ? " Do you watch "  Swamp People " ? What are your favorite memories of Mitchell or the Guist brothers ? Let us know in the comments below .	Thousands of fans of ` Swamp People ' have shared thoughts about Mitchell Guist through social media Viewers considered Guist to be a part of their family , Louisiana-born or not Guist helped bring a "  simple life " into the homes of viewers , commenters said
New York  CNN  -- The annual July 4 Coney Island hot dog eating contest is usually a "  ca n't - miss " spectacle , but this year 's event means something more . It will officially signal that the home of the famous boardwalk and the "  Cyclone " roller coaster in Brooklyn is back on its feet nearly nine months after Superstorm Sandy devastated many of its businesses . "  People came together in a way I have never seen before , " said George Shea , who runs the competition . "  The community came together , the city , federal , state government . Coney Island is back . " Sandy 's fury ravaged New Jersey and New York coastal areas that depend on summer visitors . The region has worked furiously to repair damage from historic winds and flooding associated with the storm . On Thursday , the nation will mark Independence Day as Coney Island celebrates a semblance of summer normalcy . Independence Day : Fast Facts The big concerns : a seasonal threat of rain and a last-minute inspection of the Astrotower , a treasured landmark that was said to be swaying at one point this week . In the main event on Thursday , Joey Chestnut of San Jose , California , will be looking for a record seventh straight victory at the 98th annual hot dog chow down sponsored by Nathan 's Famous . Chestnut ate 68 dogs and buns in 10 minutes last year . "  I 'm 29 years old . I 'm a little heavier than I used to be , but my doctor says I 'm healthy , " Chestnut said on Wednesday . National hot dog month Sonya "  The Black Widow " Thomas of Alexandria , Virginia , is looking to defend her title in the women 's competition . She ate 45 dogs and buns in 10 minutes last year . Thomas has been competing for a decade and hopes to break last year 's record and eat 50 dogs . "  Forty-six , 47 , 48 , 49 is the same , but 50 is a totally different number , different level , " Thomas said .	October superstorm devastated New York , New Jersey coastal areas Annual Coney Island hot dog contest a sign that business is recovering Joey Chestnut and Sonya "  The Black Widow " Thomas look to defend their titles
CNN  -- The homicide rate in Mexico 's most violent city -- Ciudad Juarez -- is down , according to Mexican President Felipe Calderon , but some residents of the city are not convinced . "  We are facing an entirely political statement , which is not based on reality . A statistic must be considered as a long process and not in a comparison of one month to another , " Ciudad Juarez criminologist Oscar Maynes said . Over the weekend , Calderon said homicides had fallen by 60 % in Juarez since last October , comparing statistics from that month with April 's numbers . Speaking during an event that commemorated the city 's 100th anniversary and its participation in the Mexican Revolution , Calderon said Juarez was "  going through a time of darkness " and defended his crime-fighting strategy . "  There are probably variations and jumps -LSB- in the murder rate -RSB- because the evil of criminals are still there , but we must persevere in our efforts , " he said . But several days after Calderon 's departure , some residents remained skeptical of his assessment . "  The president just came here and  violence  went down , but to say 60 or 70 % is a lie -- he just left and the violence continues , " Juarez resident Gaspar Rocha told CNN . "  You have seen what has happened in the past and it will continue and continue and  Calderon  will leave . They 're just words ... it 's a lie . " University professor Hugo Almada cautioned that the government should take a more measured approach . "  It seemed to me that the tone of the speech was very triumphant , and it should have been more moderate , because we have already had other moments in which it seems there a slight decrease in the situation , and later it picks up again , " he said . October 2010 saw a record of 359 homicides in the city , according to figures kept by the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office . The deadliest month was followed by 198 homicides in November and 213 in December . The pace of homicides continued into the New Year , with 215 killed in January and 231 in February . In March and April 2011 there were 176 and 271 homicides , respectively . In his speech , Calderon used figures from the country 's public safety secretary , which said there had been 166 homicides in April and 417 in October 2010 . The state attorney general 's office said there has been a marked decrease in homicides in May , with 118 victims so far . Maynes said the recent decline is due to multiple factors , but not to police or intelligence strategies of government officials . "  Violence is down at the border , but they have killed many people . People with resources have gone , or are paying an extortion fee , but I do not see any strategy that is working , " Maynes said . To accurately measure a trend , it 's necessary to compare rates over a one-year period , not month to month , Maynes said . "  We have to recognize that the economy has not improved , the shops are closed -- that is the most valid demonstration . The effect is not just felt in terms of border killings , but also kidnapping , extortion and assaults , " he added . During Calderon 's visit , state officials said they were beginning a new effort to help re-brand the city 's violent image : changing its name . Government officials approved a name change to "  Heroic Ciudad Juarez " to emphasize the city 's participation in the Mexican Revolution , but only as a symbolical slogan and not for official purposes , said Enrique Serrano Escobar , coordinator with the office of Chihuahua state representatives . Homicides in Juarez , which borders El Paso , Texas , are often attributed to two violent drug cartels battling for turf in the city . Ciudad Juarez is the city with the highest number of homicides in Mexico , with a record 8,000 victims since 2008 , according to the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office . But this week , the city saw a brief respite . For 28 hours , between 7 p.m. Monday and 11 p.m. Tuesday , there were no reports of homicides . Journalist Edgar Roman contributed to this report .	Calderon says violence is down 60 % , comparing statistics from October and April A criminologist says that comparison paints an inaccurate picture He notes that Juarez residents also face kidnapping , extortion and assaults Residents say they are skeptical of Calderon 's assessment
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Who knew what , and when ? Some congressional Democrats are calling for an investigation into controversial CIA interrogation techniques . Those questions , focused on recently released Bush-era CIA memos detailing "  enhanced interrogations " of suspected al Qaeda members -- are now being posed inside the Beltway , as calls by Democrats for an independent investigation into torture allegations have become louder . House Minority Leader John Boehner said Thursday that the release of what he described as the "  torture " memos is politically motivated . "  Last week , they -LSB- Obama administration -RSB- released these memos outlining torture techniques . That was clearly a political decision and ignored the advice of their Director of National Intelligence -LSB- Dennis Blair -RSB- and their CIA director -LSB- Leon Panetta -RSB- , " Boehner said . The Ohio Republican pointed out that he saw a partial list of the number of members of the House and Senate , Democrats and Republicans "  who were briefed on these interrogation methods and not a word was raised at the time , not one word . " Rep. Peter Hoekstra , R-Michigan , also blasted concerns being raised by Democrats . "  Only now that we have a new administration are people coming out who were aware of these programs saying wait a minute , these were terrible programs . In reality , two , three years ago , they signed off on it , they voted for legislation that funded these programs , and now all of a sudden these are terrible practices , " he said . But when asked whether or not she raised objections to the interrogation measures at the time , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi -- a then-ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee -- vehemently said "  we were not , I repeat , we were not told that waterboarding or other enhanced methods were used . " "  What they did tell us is that they had some legislative counsel ... but not that they would . And that further , further the point was that if an when they would be used they would brief Congress at that time , " she added . President Obama has called waterboarding -- which simulates drowning -- torture , and has defended releasing the CIA memos . One memo showed that CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on suspected al Qaeda leader Abu Zubaydah and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the suspected mastermind behind the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . Earlier this week , Obama left open the possibility of criminal prosecution Tuesday for former Bush administration officials who drew up the legal basis for aggressive interrogation techniques many view as torture . Obama said it will be up to Attorney General Eric Holder to decide whether or not to prosecute the former officials . Prosecutions of CIA interrogators carrying out Justice Department orders would not , however , be prosecuted , according to Obama and Holder . Sen. Jay Rockefeller said he agreed that CIA operatives should n't face prosecution , but is "  not prepared to say the same for the senior Bush administration officials who authorized or directed these policies in the first place . " "  The focus for right now should be on finding the facts , " the West Virginia Democrat added . Sen. Patrick Leahy , the Vermont Democrat who is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , has said that he wants a commission of inquiry to look into the matter . "  We must take a thorough accounting of what happened , not to move a partisan agenda , but to own up to what was done in the name of national security , and to learn from it , " he said . But the Senate 's top Democrat said Thursday that it 's important for both Democrats and Republicans to take a step back and let the appropriate investigation take place . Majority Leader Harry Reid said while he does n't support an independent "  truth commission " to look into the affair , he does want the Senate Intelligence Committee to take the lead . "  I think it would be very unwise from my perspective to start having commissions , boards , tribunals until we find out what the facts are . I do n't know a better way to get the facts than through the intelligence committee , " he said . That position puts Reid at odds with Pelosi , who said Thursday that , "  I have always been for a truth commission . " Earlier this week , the Senate Armed Services Committee released a 230-page report detailing interrogation tactics used at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq -- and the methods employed at Guantanamo Bay . The report showed that top Bush administration officials gave the CIA approval to use waterboarding , a controversial interrogation technique , as early as 2002 . "  These are 230 pages of facts as to how abusive techniques were used , what I consider to be abominable legal opinions were written to justify those techniques , " Chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , told CNN . Read more on the report Levin now wants the Department of Justice to investigate exactly what happened -- something Obama called for on Tuesday . On Thursday afternoon , Holder told a House committee on the memo prosecution question , "  I will not permit the criminalization of policy differences . " But , he said , "  it is my responsibility as the attorney general to enforce the law . It is my duty to enforce the law . If I see evidence of wrongdoing I will pursue it to the fullest extent of the law and I will do that in an appropriate way . " Other Democrats are calling for criminal inquiries to be held . "  It is the duty of the United States under the law to at least have an investigation , " Rep. Jerry Nadler , D-New York , said . Democratic leadership sources say , however , that strong GOP resistance makes that a hard sell . Reid insisted that despite calls for investigations and even prosecutions to take place , there is no Democratic divide . "  Justice must be served . Retribution ought not be what were talking about , " he added . Resistance has begun to show -- coming from a top Senate Republican . Sen. John McCain -- a Vietnam War P.O.W. who was tortured -- has been a vocal opponent of the practice . But on Wednesday , he told reporters that it 's important for the country to move forward . "  If we prosecute individuals for providing their best recommendation to the president of the United States , it will have a chilling effect from now on , " the Arizona Republican said . iReport.com : Share your take on torture McCain -- along with Sens. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , and Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina -- on Wednesday sent a letter to Obama strongly urging him not to prosecute government officials who provided legal advice related to detainee interrogations . "  Pursuing such prosecutions would , we believe , have serious negative effects on the candor with which officials in any administration provide their best advice , and would take our country in a backward-looking direction at a time when our detainee-related challenges demand that we look forward , " they said in the letter . The senators ' concerns are also being echoed by Obama 's defense secretary , who warns of the consequences abroad . Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Thursday that he was is concerned with the "  potential backlash " in the Middle East and in the war zones . He said the release might have a negative impact on the troops . But Gates said with all the congressional investigations being released and lawsuits , the release of the memos was going to happen . "  There is a certain inevitability that much of this will eventually come out , " Gates said . "  Pretending that we could hold all this and keep it all a secret , even if we wanted to , I think was probably unrealistic . " CNN 's Dana Bash and Time 's Mark Thompson contributed to this report .	President Obama recently released CIA documents on "  enhanced interrogations " New report shows that top Bush officials signed off on the controversial methods Democrats are calling for investigations into Bush officials Republicans insist that Democrats in Congress knew what was happening
ArsTechnica  -- The Federal Communications Commission is releasing the details of its new net neutrality Order in stages . Although the FCC 's new ban on "  unreasonable discrimination " for wired ISPs allows certain kinds of traffic discrimination  not all bits need be equal  , the agency made clear after Tuesday 's meeting that "  paid prioritization " deals with Internet companies are unlikely to be allowed . Critics had worried that the new Order would only affect outright website blocking , leaving paid prioritization untouched  or even implicitly sanctioned  . "  Pay for Priority Unlikely to Satisfy ` No Unreasonable Discrimination ' Rule , " advises one subheading of the new net neutrality rules . Ed Whitacre 's dream of directly charging Google and Yahoo to "  use his pipes " -- a key event in starting the entire net neutrality debate -- appears to be dashed . "  A commercial arrangement between a broadband provider and a third party to directly or indirectly favor some traffic over other traffic in the connection to a subscriber of the broadband provider  i.e. , ` pay for priority '  would raise significant cause for concern , " the Commission then elaborates . This is because "  pay for priority would represent a significant departure from historical and current practice . " Insofar as engaged As we 've reported , the FCC 's new rules forbid Internet providers from blocking lawful content and they require transparency from ISPs . They also require that network management and packet discrimination to be "  reasonable , " but that only applies to wireline broadband . Wireless operators gets a free pass on rationality ; they 're limited only to the transparency and blocking provisions . Here 's the text of the Commission 's "  no unreasonable discrimination " rule : A person engaged in the provision of fixed broadband Internet access service , insofar as such person is so engaged , shall not unreasonably discriminate in transmitting lawful network traffic over a consumer 's broadband Internet access service . Reasonable network management shall not constitute unreasonable discrimination . What are "  reasonable network management " practices ? Here you go : A network management practice is reasonable if it is appropriate and tailored to achieving a legitimate network management purpose , taking into account the particular network architecture and technology of the broadband Internet access service . Legitimate network management purposes include : ensuring network security and integrity , including by addressing traffic that is harmful to the network ; addressing traffic that is unwanted by users  including by premise operators  , such as by providing services or capabilities consistent with a user 's choices regarding parental controls or security capabilities ; and by reducing or mitigating the effects of congestion on the network . "  Specialized services " like IPTV  think AT&T " s U-Verse  will also be allowed over the last-mile broadband connection , although the FCC insists it will watch their deployment for anti-competitive behavior . But the Order rather strongly suggests that priority deals are "  unlikely " to fit into this "  reasonable " framework . Why not ? First , "  since the beginning of the Internet , " the agency explains , "  Internet access providers have typically not charged particular content or application providers fees to reach the providers ' consumer retail service subscribers or struck pay-for-priority deals , and the record does not contain evidence that US broadband providers currently engage in such arrangements . " Second , priority deals would represent a "  departure from longstanding norms " and "  could cause great harm to innovation and investment in and on the Internet . " They would raise barriers on entry for edge providers and could also boost "  transaction costs arising from the need to reach agreements with one or more broadband providers to access a critical mass of potential users . " Third , pay for priority could hurt users at the low end of the economic ladder -- bloggers , students , libraries , schools , advocacy groups . "  Even open Internet skeptics acknowledge that pay for priority may disadvantage non-commercial uses of the network , which are typically less able to pay for priority , and for which the Internet is a uniquely important platform . " Finally , ISPs that push pay for priority service "  would have an incentive to limit the quality of service provided to non-prioritized traffic . " As some game developers worry , ISPs might effectively charge for non-inferior service , investing "  less in open access and more in services that they can provide at a premium . " "  In light of each of these concerns , as a general matter , it is unlikely that pay for priority would satisfy the ` no unreasonable discrimination ' standard , " this section of the FCC 's Order concludes . "  The practice of a broadband Internet access service provider prioritizing its own content , applications , or services , or those of its affiliates , would raise the same significant concerns and would be subject to the same standards and considerations in evaluating reasonableness as third-party pay-for-priority arrangements . " History All of these assertions will soon be contested . AT&T has all but told the FCC that it could live with net neutrality rules ... provided those rules give a green light to priority access arrangements . As AT&T warned the FCC a year ago , a "  strict " nondiscrimination provision "  would completely ban voluntary commercial agreements for the paid provision of certain value-added broadband services , which would needlessly deprive market participants , including content providers , from willingly obtaining services that could improve consumers ' Internet experiences . " On top of that , AT&T has its own take on the history of this matter . The ISP insists that paid priority access was "  fully " and even "  expressly " contemplated by the Internet Engineering Task Force decades ago as it mapped out the ` Net 's key protocol , TCP/IP . But the Center for Democracy and Technology pushes back that AT&T is misreading early IETF documents , which were purposed to "  describing the technical architecture needed to deploy differential services not the payment schemes that may be associated with it . " Hello , Level 3 Then there 's the sticky question of whether the dispute between Level 3 Communications and Comcast falls into this zone of scrutiny . The Internet backbone and Content Delivery Network operator insists that Comcast crossed the line by charging it to move Netflix movie data to Comcast network subscribers . Comcast pushes back that this is just a private peering/transit dispute , in which Level 3 's sudden jump in traffic required a economic response . When asked if the FCC would scrutinize the Level 3 dispute , Chairman Julius Genachowski responded that the agency was "  looking into it . " It seems likely that if controversies like this keep coming up , complaints invoking the FCC 's new Order will be filed , requiring the Commission to look into the matter quite a bit over the coming months . Or maybe not . Comcast seems quite sanguine about Tuesday 's decision . "  While we look forward to reviewing the final order , the rules as described generally appear intended to strike a workable balance between the needs of the marketplace for certainty and everyone 's desire that Internet openness be preserved , " Comcast Vice President David Cohen declared . "  Most importantly , this approach removes the cloud of Title II regulation that would unquestionably have harmed innovation and investment in the Internet and broadband infrastructure . " Reasonable and timely Rather than Title II common carrier regulations , much of the Order 's legal framework is based on Section 706 of the Communications Act , which requires the FCC to "  encourage the deployment on a reasonable and timely basis of advanced telecommunications capability to all Americans . " The question of whether this and various other sections of the Act that the FCC is invoking will survive court scrutiny is an interesting one , but there are other potential legal bugbears ahead . The ISPs also insist that they 've got the First Amendment right to cut priority access deals with content providers . "  The First Amendment protects the right not just to decide what to say , but how to say it , " former National Cable and Telecommunications Association CEO Kyle McSlarrow declared last year . "  Does the First Amendment really allow the government to prohibit a content or applications provider from paying to acquire the means to distribute its content in the form or manner it wishes ? " How will all this play itself out ? It depends on how the FCC enforces this advisory , and who sues the government in response . "  We have a legal basis for the rules we adopted today that is very strong -- that gives us the authority we need , " Genachowski told reporters in a press conference held after Tuesday 's Open Commission meeting . "  And I am confident it will in court . " COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	The FCC 's new rules forbid Internet providers from blocking lawful content Critics worried that the new Order would leave paid prioritization untouched FCC : Reasonable network management shall not constitute unreasonable discrimination
CNN  -- Bea Arthur , the actress best known for her roles as television 's "  Maude " and the sardonic Dorothy on "  The Golden Girls , " has died of cancer , a family spokesman said Saturday . Bea Arthur , right , with "  Golden Girls " co-star Rue McClanahan in June 2008 . She was 86 . Spokesman Dan Watt said that Arthur died Saturday morning at her home in Los Angeles , her family by her side . She is survived by her sons Matthew and Daniel and grandchildren Kyra and Violet , he said . No funeral services are currently planned , Watt said , adding that the family asked that donations be made to either the Art Attack Foundation or PETA in lieu of flowers . Arthur 's opinionated Maude first appeared on Norman Lear 's "  All in the Family " as Edith Bunker 's cousin , and was so popular that Lear created a spin-off series . In the '70s , "  Maude " was ahead of the social curve , tackling hot topics not usually mentioned on situation comedies -- pornography , race relations and , in an episode titled "  Maude 's Dilemma , " abortion . That episode spawned demonstrations and generated hate mail for Arthur -- when Maude and husband Walter  Bill Macy  decided on that episode they were too old to raise a child . But many saw Maude as an enduring icon for women 's liberation -- a big deal for the shy , Jewish girl born Bernice Frankel in New York City . During the Depression , Arthur 's family left the Big Apple and opened a clothing store in Cambridge , Maryland . By the time she was 12 , Arthur was nearly 5 feet , 10 inches tall , and self-conscious about her height . But she masked her insecurity with comedy and eventually returned to New York to study acting . Along the way , she had a short-lived marriage she never spoke about , but she kept the last name -- Arthur . The young Bea Arthur earned a living singing and doing stage work on Broadway and off-Broadway . Critics delighted in her haughty , serpent-tongued deliveries . Her first television appearance came in 1951 in a long-forgotten series called "  Once Upon a Tune , " but she quickly made a name for herself with appearances on "  Studio One , " "  Kraft Television Theatre " and "  The Sid Caesar Show . " Arthur drew attention in "  Threepenny Opera " on Broadway with Lotte Lenya , but she really turned heads in 1964 originating the role of Yente the Matchmaker in "  Fiddler on the Roof . " In 1966 , Arthur won a Tony Award for the caustic Vera Charles in the play "  Mame , " playing opposite Angela Lansbury in the title role . Eight years later , she reprised the role in the film version opposite Lucille Ball , but by then she was already well-established as Maude . Arthur left "  Maude " in 1978 , making television and some film appearances afterward . She starred in a short-lived series , "  Amanda 's , " in 1983 and then joined the cast of "  The Golden Girls " in 1985 with Betty White , Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty . Her role as Dorothy Zbornak gave Arthur her other major television success as one of four older women living together in Florida .  Getty played Arthur 's mother  . The role earned Arthur a second Emmy -- the first was for "  Maude . " Arthur left the show after Dorothy remarried at the end of the 1991-92 season . White , McClanahan and Getty continued for another season on the show , renamed "  The Golden Palace , " but the show lasted only one season without Arthur . Arthur entered semi-retirement after the show ended in 1992 , returning to television in sporadic guest appearances and appearing at several celebrity roasts . In the early part of this decade , Arthur appeared in several one-woman shows . Her last stage appearance was in 2006 . Her last television appearance was on "  The View " in 2007 .	Actress Bea Arthur dies of cancer at age 86 , spokesman says "  Maude , " "  Golden Girls " star was at home with family in Los Angeles Arthur is survived by two sons and grandchildren
CNN  -- If you 're looking for a harbinger of the zombie apocalypse , look no further than all those people on the street pecking at their tiny , handheld windows into a private world . So say a good portion of the commenters reacting to a semi-satirical article by comedian-columnist Dean Obeidallah , who noted the difficulty he had spending a day without a cell phone . It had become something bordering an addiction , he said , or at least a strong habit . Some readers were taken aback . "  The boy needs to get a life , " said commenter realworldaddict , who also wrote , "  Hint to him and all the rest of the people walking around like zombies watching for messages on their cellphones : Wake up and pay attention to the world around you . Nobody is trying to contact you 24/7 , and did you really want to know that one of your 568 ` friends ' on Facebook just got a new goldfish ? " Perhaps we 're all shambling through daily life . When ObewanSnow mentioned a desire to keep a cell phone because it serves as a "  safety crutch , " the discussion turned to self-sufficiency and even dystopian scenarios . "  When the apocalypse hits in December , you will be one of the first ones to go , " replied a commenter . "  You have become too reliant on technology . You are afraid of breaking down and not having AAA to save you . You better toughen up and learn to work on your own car , or you will perish very quickly . " Maybe they 're taking a page from Stephen King 's novel , "  Cell , " in which the protagonist , Clayton Riddell , does n't turn into a zombie because he does n't own a cell phone . The story is about an event called "  The Pulse " that turns cell phone users into vicious , mindless beings . The ill effects of omnipresent communication are a common motif in science fiction . Despite the anxiety , mobile devices are big business . Apple has recently sold millions of its iPhone 5 devices , and there are many people who believe that smartphones and tablets can almost give us superhuman abilities . But their omnipresence in daily life has not been without controversy , raising concerns that our lives will be forever changed by this technology -- and not in a good way . Commenter Mug Costanza called getting rid of his cell phone after the contract expired "  one of the most liberating experiences I 've ever had , " and said he 's beginning to notice the walking dead all around him . "  Now it seems really weird to me when I am in a doctor 's office or subway and I see 95 % of the people around me glued to their phones , clicking away like zombies , " he said . "  My favorite is when you go out with a group of friends and everybody at the table is just playing with their phones instead enjoying themselves with real live people . " Indeed , dozens of commenters asserted that they do n't own a mobile phone , or have stopped using them . Some say the tight economy has given them extra incentive . That 's the case with commenter wordswords , who says that in real life , he is the patriarch of the Words family of Cape Coral , Florida . He and his wife have six children , and that means a lot of phone bills if each family member has their own phone . "  I gave up my cell phone about two years ago , " Words commented . "  I made a commitment to saving money and our family went back to a single land line . Since then I estimate we 've saved around $ 4,000 . And we have n't lost or damaged a phone since ! " After the economy went downhill , the family had lost income and needed to cut down their bills . Words said getting rid of eight cell phones "  cold turkey , " a phrase often used in connection with addiction , has been a worthwhile decision . "  The kids all hate me , but they enjoy the roof over their heads and the food on their table , " Words said . "  My two eldest have jobs and did get their own , but hey , as long as they 're paying for it themselves , I 'm all for it . " Since they are a large family , the Words upgraded to two phone lines to ease the strain . The family still keeps their disconnected smartphones to use with Wi-Fi connections while traveling on vacations , which Words said is a luxury they now can afford . There are other benefits , too . "  The constant ` ding ' of texting is gone , so we communicate with words and in person like a family should , instead of with words on a phone , " he said . "  We love it . Others do n't understand us , but that 's all right . " Expense was a great motivator for aspiring musician and aspiring writer Ben Joynes , 31 , of San Francisco , California , who decided that he had to focus on what was really important in life . "  Do the math . I simply can not afford a cell phone contract , and it does not give me functionality that I absolutely need in my life in order to stay reasonably connected with people or be functional , " Joynes said . "  My little brother who lives out of state has one , and I 've tooled around with it extensively . I think they are amazing pieces of technology , and I can see how they enhance people 's lives . They are ` Star Trek ' technology -- literally -- today and in the palm of your hand . I just ca n't afford one , and prefer to do my computing on a PC . " Going without a cell phone can even be a game or a goal . Commenter Bill Murray said he is trying to see how long he can go without having a cell phone . He has never had one , and compares the challenge of stopping the use of such devices to "  an addict going through heroin withdrawal . " He loves technology , but does n't want a cell phone . Instead he uses Vonage , a service that allows people to make phone calls over a data connection . "  As I fast approach my 50th birthday , I am starting to feel like I am one of the lucky ones for not having ` plugged ' into the network , " he wrote . "  Like a smoker shortly after they quit , I can actually smell and taste the things that others can not enjoy . Do n't get me wrong . I 'm a technology lover and it has been a genuine struggle not to give in to the temptation that these amazing devices create . However , just like when I did quit smoking , I think I 'll just focus on going one more day ` without ' to see if I can curb the craving . " Still , he does n't think this will last forever . "  Eventually , however , I realize that society will evolve to a point where I likely wo n't have a choice but to adapt to the technology . But , until then , I 'll see just how long I can survive without this little mechanical addiction . " Another reader , Dawn Lynn Harvard , said she hates being tethered to a phone all day , and only keeps a phone for emergency cases . "  I have n't bought a phone in 30 years , " she said . "  I got a new hand-held 15 years ago free from Verizon . I recharge it once a year , whether it needs it or not . I pay $ 13 per month . " Talking to "  real living people " and enjoying the scenery of life is the real benefit to her . She does n't understand what is so important that it requires being on the phone while doing other things . Sometimes , it 's hard to tell if people are mentally present or not . "  When I was young , if you saw someone walking down the street talking to themselves you crossed over assuming they were crazy , " she said . "  Sometimes I think they still are . " What do you think ? Share your views in the comments area below . View photos of zombies on CNN iReport	Columnist Dean Obeidallah got huge reaction to column about going without his cell phone Many readers say it 's easy to go without their phones for a few hours Some have gotten rid of their mobile devices and cell service
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his right-wing Likud party have agreed to form a unity government with the rival centrist political faction Kadima in a move that will put off elections until late next year and create one of the largest coalition governments in Israeli history . The deal was reached early Tuesday morning between Netanyahu and Kadima Party leader Shaul Mofaz , a day after Netanyahu had publicly called for early elections to be held September 4 . Appearing together at a news conference Tuesday afternoon in the Knesset , the two leaders attempted to explain the sudden change in direction . "  When I thought the stability is rocking I was willing to go to elections , " Netanyahu said . "  But when I found out that it is possible to create a broad , very broad government ... I understood that we can bring back the state of stability without changing the time of elections . " Mofaz characterized the agreement as an "  historic opportunity " for the government to put the public good before narrow political concerns . Both men said that the new coalition , made up of 94 of 120 Knesset members , would be better capable of addressing a variety of domestic and security concerns . The agreement calls for Mofaz to enter the government as a deputy prime minister and offers a number of Kadima Party members senior Knesset committee positions . Kadima will be given a leading role in redrafting a controversial law that provides an exemption for compulsory military service to ultra-orthodox men in Israel . Political disagreement over the sensitive issue was one of the major factors leading Netanyahu to push for early elections in September . Both men also identified upcoming budget negotiations , government reform and the need to restart talks with Palestinians as the most important goals of the new government . The unexpected move by Netanyahu upends the political calculations of smaller left-of-center parties and provides him with a comfortable governing coalition less sensitive to the demands of his current right-wing coalition partners . For Mofaz and his fellow Kadima members , the move buys another year in office without having to face voters amid sagging popularity ratings . What impact the new coalition could have on Israel 's handling of Iran 's nuclear program is not entirely clear . While a stable and unified Israeli government sends a strong signal to leaders in Tehran , Mofaz , a former military chief-of-staff and defense minister , has generally been less hawkish on Iran than Netanyahu and has expressed reservations about Israel taking unilateral military action against the Islamic republic 's nuclear installations . "  This is not going to lead to a major change of policy on Iran , " says Meir Javendanfar , an Iran expert at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya . "  This is far more about domestic politics than Iran , " Javendanfar said , adding , "  any decisions on Iran still depended greatly on the United States " rather than a new governing coalition . The Knesset is likely to endorse the new coalition deal in the next two days .	The deal is reached early Tuesday morning The deal comes as Netanyahu called for early elections "  Unity restores stability , " Netanyahu says It may also change Israel 's stance with Iran
Washington  CNN  -- A prominent Food and Drug Administration researcher sharply criticized a safety study by the manufacturer of the diabetes drug Avandia on Tuesday as an FDA panel weighed whether to yank the drug from the market . The study , dubbed RECORD by GlaxoSmithKline , came under attack throughout the first of two days of hearings by the 33-member FDA advisory committee . "  You ca n't trust it , and if we do trust it , we 're engaging in the willing suspension of disbelief , " said Dr. David Graham , the FDA scientist who first flagged deadly side effects of the painkiller Vioxx . Graham 's report followed a strongly worded FDA report last week that called the RECORD study "  inappropriate and biased . " It accused Glaxo of repeatedly submitting sloppy data and failing to follow up on reports of problems among patients , including deaths . But Dr. Murray Stewart , Glaxo 's vice president for clinical development , said the company 's studies "  provide the most robust and reliable data " to assess Avandia 's safety -- and those studies have found "  no evidence to suggest " the drug increases the risk of heart attack or stroke in its users . The FDA panel could vote Wednesday on whether to remove the drug , which is used to control blood sugar levels in diabetics , from the market . Glaxo says several trials have shown Avandia is safe , but its usage has fallen sharply since a 2007 study that linked ito the an increased risk of heart attacks and other related problems . Published estimates indicate sales of Avandia have dropped from about $ 3 billion in 2006 to about $ 1 billion . One of the committee members , Dr. Sanjay Kaul , urged caution "  before drawing any definitive conclusions " based on data he called "  fragile . " That drew a blunt response from Dr. Steven Nissen , the Cleveland Clinic cardiologist who authored the 2007 study and presented an updated , critical assessment of the drug Tuesday . "  Whose fault is that ? " Nissen asked . "  We have a drug that has been on the market for 11 years . The company had every opportunity to do large-outcome trials , adequately powered and properly run , to answer this question . They did n't do it . " In a study published in June , Graham also found patients on Avandia are more likely to suffer stroke , heart failure or premature death than patients who used another drug . And he said the RECORD study would have been dismissed as "  garbage " if it had been used to seek the drug 's original approval . "  It would n't even be presented , " he said . And as the FDA panel prepared to meet , a Senate committee added to the controversy by releasing documents its leaders said show Glaxo "  failed to publish studies that found serious health risks associated with Avandia in a timely manner and actively promoted the drug despite the known safety concerns . " The documents , which the Senate Finance Committee provided to the FDA , include studies that date back to 2000 , the committee 's Democratic chairman and ranking Republican said . "  Americans have a right to know there are serious health risks associated with Avandia and GlaxoSmithKline had a responsibility to tell them . Patients trust drug companies with their health and their lives and GlaxoSmithKline abused that trust , " Montana Sen. Max Baucus , the committee 's chairman , said in a statement accompanying the documents . In February , the same committee released a report criticizing the FDA 's handling of Avandia and saying the FDA has been "  too cozy " with drug makers . But in an e-mail , Glaxo spokeswoman Mary Anne Rhyne told CNN the new documents were "  a small subset " of millions of pages the company released in connection with lawsuits over the drugs . "  They include drafts and other documents taken out of context , which therefore are incomplete and misleading , " Rhyne said . "  The documents do not offer new clinically relevant scientific information , and do not provide the full extent of GSK 's studies and evaluation of Avandia . " Rhyne said the company "  has been diligent in providing its safety data on Avandia to the FDA " and publishing results in medical journals and online . CNN 's Caleb Hellerman and Dr. Sanjay Gupta contributed to this report .	NEW : A researcher blamed the company for "  fragile " data Glaxo says its research shows Avandia is safe Senators say the drug 's manufacturer buried warnings Glaxo says documents on problems are "  incomplete and misleading "
House Speaker John Boehner warned President Barack Obama in person Friday that signing an executive order overhauling immigration laws would spoil their chances of cooperating on other issues in the future . Boehner , Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell and other congressional leaders met with Obama for a two-hour lunch at the White House , where Boehner repeated the warning he 'd issued after Republicans seized control of both chambers in Tuesday 's midterm elections . Sources said immigration reform was the focus of a 30-minute discussion during the lunch . "  The speaker warned that unilateral action by the president on executive amnesty will erase any chances of doing immigration reform and will also make it harder for Congress and the White House to work together successfully on other areas where there might otherwise be common ground , " Boehner 's office said of the lunch . He and other congressional leaders did n't talk to reporters as they left the White House . But the White House said in a readout of the lunch that Obama "  reiterated his commitment to taking action on immigration reform in light of the House 's inability to pass a comprehensive bill . " David Axelrod tweets Obama : Get House to vote on immigration Obama had already repeated his pledge to sign an executive order on immigration in the coming months during a news conference this week -- and Boehner and McConnell separately said doing so would "  poison the well " and complicate the White House 's chances of getting Congress on board with any of its other goals . Boehner 's message came the same day that Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said that Obama 's "  nuclear threat " of an executive order on immigration would cause the GOP to back away from supporting the type of comprehensive reform that he 'd said looked key to the party 's survival just two years ago . Immigration activists hope they do n't get burned by Obama Priebus blasted Obama for politicizing the issue , saying he 's caused Republicans to lose interest in advancing a measure that would hand undocumented workers a pathway to citizenship before first improving security on the U.S. border with Mexico . And he said Obama would be "  throwing a barrel of kerosene " on already-inflamed tensions with congressional Republicans if he goes ahead with "  executive amnesty . " "  What I think -LSB- Obama has -RSB- done is unify the country and the electorate around one big principle , and that 's that we need to secure the border , " Priebus said at a breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor . "  He has created a situation that I think may have not have existed before that episode that has galvanized the country -LSB- to -RSB- a place where I do n't believe most people are interested in comprehensive immigration reform unless they are convinced that the border is secure , " he said . "  And I think it 's because of the president 's haphazard political game that 's created an environment that will not allow the legislation to move forward unless people can be convinced that that border is secure . And that 's where we 've come . " Opinion : Obama , GOP , get going on immigration reform Priebus 's stance was a departure from an RNC-commissioned "  autopsy report " that came in the wake of Obama 's re-election in 2012 . That report called on Republicans to support comprehensive immigration reform legislation , warning that otherwise , the party could alienate the rapidly-growing Hispanic electorate . He said most Republicans agree that immigration reform ultimately must happen . "  However , what we 've seen happen over the last several months is that the president has been using people as political pawns and lying to people when it comes to immigration reform , " Priebus said .	House Speaker John Boehner warns President in person against an executive order RNC Chairman Reince Priebus also blasts Obama on immigration reform His stance a change from a 2012 RNC report saying reform is politically necessary
CNN  -- Librarians across the United States are making noise about new federal restrictions on lead that could take books out of the hands of children . Children 's books are covered by federal regulations on lead in items made for children . The Consumer Product Safety Commission Improvement Act requires all products , including books intended for children younger than 12 , to meet new standards calling for lower lead content . Commission regulations , written in response to the law , take effect February 10 . Even stricter limits will become effective in August . Paper , ink , covers and glues would need to pass lead content standards . "  While we understand the process the CPSC must carry out in order to ensure this law is properly enforced and that the safety of our nation 's children is protected , we believe the commission is wasting time and resources by zeroing in on book publishers and libraries , " said Emily Sheketoff , executive director of the American Library Association Washington office . "  It is our hope that this matter will be resolved soon , so that libraries can continue their efforts to serve children without the threat of closing their doors . " The CPSC is expected to issue guidance early next week , said Lisa Ackerman , spokeswoman for Sen. Mark Pryor , D-Arkansas , who sponsored the legislation in the Senate last year . The bill , sponsored in the House by Rep. Bobby L. Rush , D-Illinois , was prompted by a rash of recalls of lead - and phthalate-tainted products , many of which were manufactured in China . Long-term exposure to lead can cause nervous system and kidney damage ; speech , language , hearing and behavioral problems ; and learning difficulties , according to the Mayo Clinic 's Web site . Pryor is frustrated with the product safety commission . "  The new law is not and was not intended to be a one-size-fits-all mandate , " he said in an earlier statement . "  There is simply no excuse for the CPSC 's slow action on these rulemakings . " A consumer advocate concurred with Pryor . "  I do n't think the law needs to be adjusted , " said David Arkush , director of Public Citizen 's Congress Watch division . "  The law provides means for the CPSC to evaluate and decide whether exemptions should be granted for certain types of products . " CPSC spokeswoman Arlene Flecha said the agency would comment on the issue later Friday . Ordinary books that are n't made to be playthings  such as vinyl bathtub books  and that do n't have baubles or other materials on their covers have always been exempt from regulations on lead in paint . But the new regulations on lead in children 's products do cover all kinds of books , according to a December 23 letter from the CPSC 's office of general counsel to the Association of American Publishers . Librarians say there 's no way they can verify the lead content of all the books on their children 's department shelves . "  The cost would be unbelievably high for them to test all these books so we could keep them in the library , and how long would we go without them if every library in New England sends them to the same lab , " Donna Rasche , librarian at the Brewer , Maine , Public Library , told CNN affiliate WCSH-TV . Arkush is unmoved by such arguments . "  If libraries can provide evidence that broad classes of books do n't pose a risk of harm to the public health , then they can be granted an exemption from the testing requirements , " he said . "  If they ca n't prove that and if the books actually do pose a safety problem , then they should n't be sent home with kids . " Publishers -- which will have to prove the safety of new books anyway -- and groups such as the American Library Association could foot the bill for testing older books , he said . "  They do n't have to test every book , obviously , " Arkush said . "  They do n't even have to test anywhere near every title . I think they really have to test a reasonable sample size of different classes of books -- different types of binding , different types of materials used . " A coalition of consumer advocacy groups continues to support the law but issued a statement Friday that criticized the CPSC 's implementation of it . "  While we have urged the Consumer Product Safety Commission to promptly address reasonable concerns that have been raised regarding compliance , and provide better information about the new law , our organizations all agree that the law is fundamentally sound and essential to ensuring a safer marketplace , " the statement read . It was signed by Consumers Union , Consumer Federation of America , Union of Concerned Scientists , Kids in Danger , U.S. Public Interest Research Group and Public Citizen . The commission earlier this month clarified the regulations to let resale and thrift shops off the hook for testing the used clothing and other items they sell . Those outlets still are expected to watch out for items that have been recalled or banned , the CPSC said .	NEW : Consumer advocate says law is needed to protect public health Law may require pulling children 's books until lead content is determined Librarians worry about cost , practicality of testing all books Bill 's sponsor criticizes CPSC for failure to give clear guidance
CNN  -- Thursday sees the start of the most intense major golf championship of them all : the U.S. Open , played this year on the East Course at Merion Golf Club just outside of Philadelphia . The tournament is recognized as the most challenging major by golf professionals and fans alike -- the winning score is frequently over par , the rough is normally grown to penal lengths and the greens are normally extremely tough to putt on . If you 're a golf fanatic , no doubt you 'd love to play on some of these U.S. Open courses to see how you score compared to the world 's best . Unfortunately , the U.S. Open is mostly played at private clubs such as Merion -- you ca n't play on these courses unless you 're lucky enough to be or know a member . However , six public courses already have or will host the U.S. Open . The great news is that anyone can play them as long as they can afford the green fee . Bethpage Black Course , Farmingdale , New York Bethpage Black , the toughest of five courses at Bethpage State Park on Long Island , joined the U.S. Open roster in 2002 after the U.S. Golf Association decided to bring its flagship tournament to a public venue . The experiment proved such a success that the U.S. Open was again held at Bethpage Black in 2009 . Golf Digest ranked the course No. 42 on its 2013 list of America 's 100 greatest courses . Tiger Woods won the first U.S. Open held at Bethpage Black in 2002 . Lucas Glover took the 2009 event . Anyone can play this monster 7,468-yard , par 71 course . Be advised that this is a walking-only course , and there 's a sign near the first tee that reads "  WARNING : The Black Course is an extremely difficult course which we recommend only for highly skilled golfers . " Intimidated yet ? That 's championship golf ! Bethpage State Park ; green fee : $ 130 weekdays , $ 150 weekends ; +1 516 249 0707 Chambers Bay , University Place , Washington After the success of the Bethpage Black experiment , the USGA began adding more public courses to the U.S. Open roster . The superb Chambers Bay course is one . It will host its first U.S. Open in 2015 . Designed by Robert Trent Jones Jr. and opened for play in 2007 , this stunning 7,165-yard , par 72 course hosted the 2010 U.S. Amateur . Visitors are warned that cart use is available only with a medical certificate and prior arrangement . But if you 're up to it , this 950-acre property on the shores of Puget Sound is an absolute joy to walk . Chambers Bay ; green fee : $ 219 ; +1 877 295 4657 Erin Hills , Erin , Wisconsin Near Milwaukee , Erin Hills will host the U.S. Open in 2017 . Specifically designed on gently rolling wetlands to accommodate a major championship and opened for play in 2006 , Erin Hills hosted the U.S. Amateur in 2011 . The 7,823-yard , par 72 course is another walking-only venue , with neither buggies nor pull carts allowed ; caddies are available for $ 50  plus tip  per round . Erin Hills ; green fee : $ 200 ; +1 866 772 4769 Pebble Beach Golf Links , Pebble Beach , California Always in the discussion of most beautiful U.S. golf courses , this magnificent course features many holes beside the Pacific Ocean on California 's Monterey Peninsula . In 1972 , it was the first public course to stage the U.S. Open , won by Jack Nicklaus . It hosted subsequent U.S. Opens in 1982 , 1992 , 2000 and 2010 , and its next is scheduled for 2019 . "  If I had only one more round to play , I would choose to play it at Pebble Beach , " Jack Nicklaus has famously said . "  I 've loved this course from the first time I saw it . It 's possibly the best in the world . " Pebble Beach Resorts ; green fee : $ 495 ; +1 831 622 8723 Pinehurst No. 2 , Pinehurst , North Carolina Memorably won by the late Payne Stewart , the Donald Ross-designed Pinehurst No. 2 course held its first U.S. Open in 1999 . The course had already hosted a PGA Championship in 1936 and a Ryder Cup in 1951 , and held its second U.S. Open in 2005 . Next year , it 'll become the first venue to host a U.S. Open and a U.S. Women 's Open in subsequent weeks . The historic course opened for play in 1907 and measures 7,485 yards -- it 's a par 70 from the back tees . There are eight fantastic courses at the Pinehurst Resort , so it 's worth staying a few days to play some of the others , especially numbers 4 and 8 . Golf at Pinehurst is available only to overnight resort guests . Pinehurst Resort ; stay-and-play packages from $ 488  includes a round on the No. 2 course , cart and range balls  ; +1 855 235 8507 Torrey Pines Golf Course , La Jolla , California Just north of San Diego , the south course at Torrey Pines -- a lush , 7,643-yard , par 71 course , with a number of clifftop holes overlooking the Pacific Ocean -- hosted the 2008 U.S. Open . That 's the event Tiger Woods won after hobbling his way around the course with a knee injury . He won on the first sudden death playoff hole after finishing tied with Rocco Mediate after 72 holes and again after the 18-hole playoff round . Le Tigre won the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines in January 2013 , his eighth victory here . Torrey Pines Golf Course ; green fee : $ 183 Monday-Thursday , $ 229 Friday-Sunday and public holidays  prices include a cart  ; +1 877 581 7171	Tiger Woods won the U.S. Open at Bethpage Black in New York in 2002 . You can tee off here for as little as $ 130 On the shores of Puget Sound , Chambers Bay will host the U.S. Open in 2015 . You can play it today One of the most beautiful courses in the world , Pebble Beach Golf Links is open to the public
CNN  -- Actor Ed Begley Jr. , best known for his roles in "  St. Elsewhere , " "  The West Wing , " and "  Best in Show "  he 's also twice appeared on "  The Simpsons "  , is the star of "  Living with Ed . " It 's a reality show that follows him and his wife Rachelle Carson , as they attempt to live the green life on the outskirts of LA , while competing to out-eco neighbor Bill Nye . Begley has been a committed environmentalist for decades and is the author of "  Living Like Ed : A Guide to the Eco-Friendly Life . " CNN asked him what it takes to "  live like Ed " and his take on the current state of environmentalism . CNN : What do you hope to achieve with "  Living with Ed " ? Begley : To engage viewers with entertainment , then give them a "  take-away " or two every show that will save them money and help the environment . CNN : When did you "  go green " , and why ? Begley : I did it because my father , Ed Begley , Sr. was a conservative that liked to conserve . We always lived in a modest home . We turned off the lights , turned off the water , saved string , tin-foil , we threw precious little away . So , by the time Earth Day came around in 1970 , I was primed and ready to take some additional steps , and do more . It 's worth noting that my father died a few days before the first Earth Day , so I did it to honor him , as much as anything else . CNN : The show has been very successful -- have you been surprised by the level of interest ? Begley : Yes . I 've tried other "  green " shows in the past . None of them worked . I credit "  Living With Ed " success to the addition of my wife to the mix . CNN : Right now it seems like environmentalists are losing ground to climate change deniers over global warming , with the email scandal at the University of East Anglia . Some polls show less people believe the science than a year ago . Do you ever get despondent ? What gives you hope ? Begley : I find it a bit unsettling that the deniers are winning , for now . But , I think more people will understand our role in climate change over time . I just hope it 's not too late . CNN : Do you think one of the problems is that people feel overwhelmed -- both with fear for the future and the level of effort required to think about the moral , ethical dimension of all their consumer choices ? If so , how can we move beyond this ? Begley : It 's human nature to resist change . We did with our efforts to combat smog in the early 1970s . But finally people realized that we would n't go broke cleaning up the air , if we did it right . They soon became aware that there were jobs making catalytic converters , combined-cycle gas turbines , spray-paint booths and cleaner fuels . We need to remind folks of our success in improving air quality and how similar clean-tech industries can spur the economy again today . CNN : If you could ask CNN readers to do one thing , what would it be ? Begley : Get out of your car as much as you can . Ride a bike , if weather and fitness permit . Take public transportation , if it 's available near you . CNN : Do you think we should stop eating meat ? Begley : I stopped eating meat in 1970 , and I 'm a very healthy 60-year old man . It can be good for our health , and the health of the planet . CNN : In the end , do you think making personal changes to our lifestyle will be enough ? Or do we need a lead from government ? Begley : Personal action is one important component -LSB- but -RSB- Government and industry must also do their fair share . CNN : Do you think that any big environmental legislation is likely in the U.S. , given the scale of opposition ? Begley : Sadly , there will be no strong environmental laws passed anytime soon , as the extractive industries have been successful at convincing folks that we ca n't afford them . To give another prospective , -LSB- I 'll not -RSB- only quote an oil man but the name of T. Boone Pickens who said , "  We ca n't drill our way out of this problem " . CNN : If you had the chance to whisper some advice in President Obama 's ear , what would it be ? Begley : Be true to the environmental ethic that you forged in the Senate . Do what 's right , and great good will come of it ; hopefully , sooner , rather than later . CNN : Do you have a message for climate change skeptics ? Begley : Let 's agree to disagree . Let 's pursue fiscally sound green technology for the following reasons : to lessen our dependence on foreign oil , to clean up the air in our cities , to put money in our pockets . And if you do it right , you just bought an insurance policy to protect you against climate change , if the many scientists who believe in it are correct . CNN : Arguably , we are moving into politically uncharted territory now , and the scale of the global co-operation required to deal with global warming , biodiversity loss and the other environmental problems we face is unprecedented in human history . Do you think we can do it ? Begley : Yes . But , we must act now . Tomorrow is too late .	Actor Ed Begley Jr has been a life-long environmentalist New reality TV show gives tips on how to live a greener life Begley : There is hope for future ; action now is necessary
CNN  -- Israel 's monthlong assault on the Palestinians has taken a heavy toll , with some 2,000 Palestinians killed and 10,000 more wounded . Most of these victims were civilians and many of them children , representing just the latest bloody chapter in a tragic history . During the long decades of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , the international community has not fully met or addressed legitimate Palestinian aspirations . Nowhere is that better illustrated than in Gaza . Chronically short of food , water and electricity , and cut off from the outside world by closed borders and blockades , the Palestinians in Gaza are desperate . As an individual who has fought tirelessly for human rights , I can not ignore their plight , and as a fellow Arab , I can not ignore this wanton denial of Palestinian rights . The people of Gaza need three things . First , they need a peace agreement that ends the hostilities and lifts an Israeli siege that has been in place since 2007 and has turned Gaza into what some journalists have called "  an open-air jail . " Second , the Palestinians in Gaza need humanitarian aid and funding for development , so they can rebuild their shattered lives , their bombed-out neighborhoods and their fractured communities . And finally , Palestinians everywhere need a comprehensive agreement that will end the occupation and establish two states for two peoples , allowing Israelis and Palestinians to live side by side in peace and security . Until a two state solution becomes a reality , the fighting and bloodshed will almost certainly continue . As Qatar has said many times , peace must be achieved through negotiations , with all sides in the conflict represented . Qatar has already provided humanitarian assistance to the people of Gaza and we have pledged to assist with rebuilding efforts once hostilities have ended . But we are also working behind the scenes to facilitate the kind of dialogue that can lead to a lasting peace . Ultimately , Qatar wants to help the Palestinians realize their self-determination by establishing a secure Palestinian state . Qatar makes no claim to being a major player on the global stage . But beginning in the mid-1990s , our government embraced an open door foreign policy focused on relationship-building and conflict mediation that has benefited both Qatar and the global community . This open door policy has allowed Qatar to serve as a mediator for conversation , cooperation , and the advancement of peace . With our doors wide open , our capital , Doha , has increasingly become the center of a vibrant , new multicultural nation , with the creation of a knowledge-based economy enshrined as one of the key goals of our 2030 national vision . It is precisely because we are impartial that we are often approached to mediate and create platforms for dialogue between different factions . In 2008 , for example , we were able to broker a peace agreement between the various factions battling for supremacy in southern Lebanon . Later , we played a similar role in Darfur . Over the years we have hosted an Israeli Trade Mission and kept our door open to Western think tanks like the Brookings Institution . More recently , because of our open door policy , we were able to help negotiate the exchange of an American soldier for five Taliban prisoners . And today we are helping facilitate communication between the United States , the United Nations , our Arab neighbors , Israel and Hamas as the various parties struggle to find a peaceful solution to the violence in Gaza . In each instance , we feel we have been on the right side of history . But more important , we believe that we have been on the right side of justice , human rights and human dignity . All these qualities and attributes are on trial in Gaza today , and once again , history will judge our actions . Qatar stands ready to help reconcile differences and advance the prospects for peace . We stand ready to play our part in advancing dialogue and achieving solutions to the seemingly intractable problems confronting the people of the Middle East . Some of these problems , like Gaza , have been years or even decades in the making . But that does not mean they can not be solved . The bleeding , the suffering and the dying must be stopped . In Qatar , we will always keep an open door to peace .	Khalid Al-Attiya : Isolated , short of food and water , Palestinians in Gaza are desperate He says Gazans need peace pact , humanitarian aid and development funding Al-Attiya : They need an agreement for two states for two peoples , and Qatar can help He says Qatar has helped in tough negotiations before and stands ready to help here
CNN  Amid criticism for her comments about one star 's hair , Giuliana Rancic may want to stick to critiquing the clothing at awards shows . The E! personality is on the receiving end of backlash over comments she made about Disney star Zendaya Coleman during the network 's "  Fashion Police " show . On Sunday night , Coleman appeared on the Academy Awards red carpet in an ivory Vivienne Westwood gown and faux dreadlocks . In a conversation with co-hosts Kelly Osbourne , Kathy Griffin and Brad Goreski , Rancic remarked , "  I feel like she smells like patchouli oil ... or maybe weed . " Social media were not amused by what some said was a racist remark . Coleman offered a response via an Instagram posting that said , in part , "  To say that an 18-year-old young woman with locs  dreadlocks  must smell of patchouli oil or ` weed ' is not only a large stereotype but outrageously offensive . " Rancic tweeted an apology and said her remark was not about race . On Tuesday night , Rancic went on E! to again apologize and said she had learned a great deal from the incident . "  I just want everyone to know I did n't intend to hurt anybody , " Rancic said . "  But I 've learned it is not my intent that matters ; it 's the result . And the result is that people are offended , including Zendaya , and that is not OK . " The controversy caused Osbourne to tweet that she is considering leaving the show .	Rancic apologized on air Tuesday Rancic commented on Coleman 's hair during "  Fashion Police " She said the Disney star looked like she smelled of weed
CNN  -- Sunday 's parliamentary election in Greece delivered a crushing blow to New Democracy and Pasok , the two dominant parties that have ruled the country for the last 37 years . In the coming weeks , expect uncertainty , shifting alliances and growing frustration as a new political landscape struggles to emerge from the wreckage of the old . As the main backers of Greece 's second bailout and the harsh austerity measures that accompanied it , New Democracy and Pasok saw their combined share of votes plunge , as angry voters punished them for two years of wage and pension cuts and rising taxes . Pasok , in particular , which won a landslide election in 2009 and made the fateful decision to seek the financial assistance of euro zone partners and the International Monetary Fund in 2010 , saw its support collapse . Coming in second at the polls was Syriza , a left wing party fiercely opposed to privatization , public sector spending cuts and labor market reform . The other four parties that garnered enough parliamentary votes , ranging from the unreconstructed Communists to the pro-Nazi thugs of Golden Dawn , are also opposed to further austerity . What will happen next will depend on the ability of the frontrunners to form a coalition government made up of pro-European forces that will meet the conditions set by Greece 's official creditors for the disbursement of further funds . These conditions include the adoption of spending cuts worth 11.5 billion euros for 2013-2014 by next month , as well as quick progress in privatization and the opening up of closed professions , two areas in which neither the former nor current prime minister made any significant headway . Antonis Samaras , head of New Democracy , said initially that his party was willing to lead a coalition government with the aim of keeping Greece in the euro zone and amending the policies of the loan agreement so that they could promote growth . But he has relinquished the mandate to form a government after talks broke down with the leaders of other parties , including Syriza , Pasok and the Democratic Left . Syriza , the real winner in the election , has made it clear that it plans to reject the new loan agreement and come to a new understanding with Greece 's euro zone partners . This position makes it hard for it to take part in a national unity government that would include New Democracy or Pasok . At this point , it appears more likely that the parties will fail to form a coalition and Greece will be led down the treacherous path to new elections in June . This would entail a delay in the adoption of a new package of spending cuts , which in turn will mean that the next installment of the loan , due in August and worth up to 29 billion euros , will also be set back . A political stalemate will delay both recapitalization of the Greek banks and repayment of more than 6 billion euros owed by the government to private contractors . The consequence is that Greek businesses , including healthy ones , will be deprived of much-needed oxygen . In a country that is in its fifth consecutive year of recession and with an economy expected to shrink by more than 5 % this year , this mess will cause any green shoots of recovery to wilt and die . However , the victory of Francois Hollande in the French presidential election has sent a breeze of hope throughout the euro zone . Many expect , perhaps too optimistically , that France 's new leader will convince Angela Merkel of Germany to temper her obsession with austerity in the European economy . It is hoped that she may give her consent to the issuing of euro bonds to promote infrastructure investment , complement the recently agreed fiscal compact with pro-growth measures and perhaps , less realistically , accept a plan to allow the European Central Bank to lend directly to fiscally troubled countries . From Greece 's vantage point , these are positive developments . But they will all be for naught unless the Greek political system can form a viable government that will implement the commitments it has undertaken -- properly amended in ways that Greece and its lenders can agree on -- and set the foundations for the transformation of the Greek economy to allow it to benefit from any improvement in Europe 's prospects . It is a tall order . And Greek politicians have shown little evidence of their ability to shoulder it . But the future prosperity of Greece , as well as the stability of the European Monetary Union , depends on their success . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yannis Palaiologos and Theodore Pelagidis .	Parliamentary election in Greece delivered a crushing blow to the two dominant political parties Yannis Palaiologos and Theodore Pelagidis : Expect uncertainty and frustration Palaiologos , Pelagidis : If parties fail to form coalition , businesses , economy will suffer They say that the future of Greece depends on the ability of its politicians to come together
CNN  -- Ketsana , downgraded from a typhoon to a tropical depression , set its sights on a fourth nation Wednesday -- barreling toward Laos after leaving a trail of destruction and death across southeast Asia . A man tries to get into his flooded house in Hoi An in the central Vietnamese province of Quang Nam . By Wednesday morning , the death toll from the storm 's rage had topped 325 : at least 246 in the Philippines , 74 in Vietnam and nine in Cambodia . With heavy rains still lashing Vietnam , some major roads were closed and rivers and flood waters were rising . But the airport in the coastal city of Danang , which had been closed for three days , reopened Wednesday . Workers used chainsaws to clear toppled trees from roads so rescue crews could rush relief supplies to the worst-hit areas . Families waded through knee-deep water to salvage precious belongings from flooded houses . In Danang , an ill elderly woman was brought to safety on a make-shift raft made of banana tree trunks and leaves . She said eight other family members remained on the rooftop where they had found refuge . In addition to the 74 deaths , the Vietnamese government said 179 people were injured . The numbers , the government said , are expected to rise because officials have not been able to reach some isolated areas . Vietnam has not asked for aid but some international relief agencies were providing help , which the government accepted . In neighboring Cambodia , the storm knocked down 92 houses in Kampong Thom province , about 80 miles  130 km  north of the capital Phnom Penh . Along with the usual rice and blankets , the Cambodian Red Cross planned to donate $ 120 to each of the affected families so they can afford a traditional funeral for their loved ones . The nine deaths reported in Cambodia were all in Kampong Thom , with 40 others injured there , the Red Cross said . The worst-hit country , the Philippines , began the slow process of clearing up mud and debris Wednesday . Even as they did so , Filipinos kept their eyes peeled on another storm looming in the Pacific Ocean . In the city of Pasig -- part of metropolitan Manila -- enterprising residents used inflatable mattresses as makeshift boats to ferry people through flooded streets . The government , which some people said did not act quickly enough , opened up part of the presidential palace for aid distribution . Ketsana left at least 246 people dead as it passed over the Philippines . Another 38 people were still missing , the National Disaster Coordinating Council said . The storm affected nearly 2 million people and forced the evacuation of 567,000 . At one point , 80 percent of the capital Manila was under water after experiencing the heaviest rainfall in 40 years . As the death toll rose , so did the collective grief . "  I did not know what happened , " said Gingerly Comprendio . "  We were on top of a roof . We got separated . The next day when I came back to our house , I saw my eldest already dead and my aunt saw my other child buried in the mud . " Ray Lee , a prominent judge , single-handedly saved 32 people using his jet ski . "  There were cries for help , so I returned to other houses or roofs and retrieved all the people there , " he said . To help avoid a humanitarian catastrophe , several nations have rallied to the Philippines ' side . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the United Nations was considering an emergency appeal for aid as several U.N. agencies pledged support . The World Food Program said it will provide rations to 180,000 people . CNN 's Arwa Damon in Danang , Vietnam , and Dan Rivers in Manila , the Philippines , and journalist Asha Phillips in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam , contributed to this report .	Death toll now over 325 following destructive path of Ketsana Philippines bears brunt of deaths with 246 confirmed dead Over half a million people have been evacuated from their homes At one point , 80 percent of the Philippines capital Manila was under water
CNN  -- In designing modern and sustainable buildings in the United Arab Emirates , architects are taking cues from an ancient Arabic design tradition . A high-tech shading system running up the facade of the Al Bahar Towers in Abu Dhabi was inspired by "  mashrabiya , " latticed screens commonly seen in Islamic architecture that diffuse sunlight and keep buildings cool without blocking light . "  Not allowing the sun to land directly on the skin of the building , causing overheating and glare , was a very simple concept , " said Abdulmajid Karanouh , the buildings ' architect . "  And that 's why using the mashrabiya , inspired from the past and inspired by nature , was a no brainer . " Wrapping around most of the 25-story buildings ' sides , the screens are arranged as an array of repeating geometric patterns and are computer-controlled to respond to the sun 's movement , unfolding like an umbrella when the sun hits them . The screens fold closed and the automated mechanism shuts off each day after the sun goes down . The north sides of the buildings never receive direct sunlight and are left unshaded by the screens . In Abu Dhabi , solar rays can heat the outside surface of windows up to 90 degrees Celsius ,  200 degrees Fahrenheit  . By shielding the glass from the sun , the screens keep the buildings cool , reduce glare and let in diffused natural light . Using this method , the buildings require less artificial lighting and 50 % less air conditioning . With the desert sun beating down on the cities in the Gulf , solar energy is an important environmental factor in its cities . But desert dust and sand make photovoltaic panels less practical than one would expect in this part of the world . Karanouh says even a thin layer of dust can reduce the efficiency of solar panels by nearly half , and proper maintenance means regular cleaning using water jets pumping fresh water , a scarcity in an arid country like the United Arab Emirates . "  You might find that you are spending so much energy to desalinate the water and get it to where it needs to be and then clean the panels , you 'll find out that that energy may equate or even exceed the energy that you get out of the photovoltaic panels , " he said . In Qatar , the Doha Tower , a striking cylindrical building , was designed along the same lines ; it is covered entirely in a latticed screen that uses a multi-layered pattern constructed of aluminum and glass . Both structures were named as best buildings of 2012 by the Chicago-based Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitats , which recognizes sustainable architecture . The United Arab Emirates is not normally thought of as a leader in combating climate change -- it has one of the highest levels of carbon dioxide emissions per capita in the world , according to the World Bank -- but Abu Dhabi has in recent years drawn attention for its innovative renewable energy building projects . Most notable is Masdar City , its much-hyped , planned city that is still being constructed , It was originally slated as being a carbon neutral area but now aims for environmental sustainability . The area has green features like a 10 megawatt solar power plant and a 45-meter-tall wind tower that helps regulate air temperatures in the public square by controlling air movement .	In the United Arab Emirates , architects are taking cues from an ancient Arabic design tradition . A shading system on the facade of the Al Bahar Towers was inspired by latticed screens . The screens are computer-controlled to respond to the sun 's movement . Doha Tower in Qatar , a striking cylindrical building , was designed along the same lines .
CNN  -- When the late Sen. Edward Kennedy was growing up , there was a family edict : Kennedy men do n't cry . Rep. Patrick Kennedy , left , and Ted Kennedy Jr. appear on "  Larry King Live " on Monday evening . On "  Larry King Live " Monday night , the senator 's sons -- Ted Kennedy Jr. and Rep. Patrick Kennedy -- said times have changed , and that includes the no-tears rule of an earlier generation . In a wide-ranging interview , they also discussed the moment of their father 's passing , how their mother , Joan , was handling her ex-husband 's death , the legacy of Chappaquiddick , the Kennedy "  curse " and their impressions of their dad 's memoir , "  True Compass . " The 77-year-old senator died August 25 after a battle with brain cancer . "  You know my father was very good at overcoming his own kind of old , traditional sense of not talking about your feelings , not really expressing a lot of emotions , " Patrick Kennedy told King . The family has had plenty of moments over which to shed tears . King asked Ted Kennedy Jr. if there was crying when he lost his leg to cancer as a boy . "  Absolutely , " he replied . Ted Kennedy Jr. said his father 's memoirs explore his father 's emotional tribulations . " -LSB- It talks -RSB- about the very difficult things that he had to do , for example telling my grandfather that my uncle Jack had been killed . " Both sons said their father 's last year was a gift to them and the family . His brothers -- President John F. Kennedy and Robert Kennedy -- had their lives cut short by assassinations in the 1960s . Watch sons tell of their last year with their father " "  He also was able to enjoy a lot of accolades , not just from obviously his natural constituencies in the Democratic Party , but ... quite moving testaments from many of his Republican colleagues , " Teddy Kennedy Jr. said . "  It was really wonderful to see my father actually be able to revel in a lot of those compliments that people had to say about my dad . " "  The really beautiful part about having that extra year with him where he did n't have to traipse all around the world and all around the country was that he was able to spend time with us , and we were able to be there for him emotionally and physically , " Patrick Kennedy said . Despite their many family tragedies , they debunked the so-called "  Kennedy curse . " "  You do n't buy the idea of a curse ? " King asked . "  No . No . Obviously my dad had a sense of spirituality that transcended his ability to face these problems , you know , in a way that would have otherwise paralyzed the normal person , " Patrick Kennedy said . Ted Kennedy Jr. added , "  The Kennedy family has had to endure these things in a very open way . But our family is just like ... every other family in America in many ways . " He also described the moment of his father 's passing . "  I was there , Larry . It was very peaceful . ... He was suffering in those last few weeks -LSB- so -RSB- it really did take the sting out of his final passing . ... And it was a very peaceful , extremely spiritual thing . " The sons elaborated on how their mother , Joan , has handled being divorced , her ex-husband 's death and their thoughts on their stepmother . "  My dad was and remains a central figure in her life . Obviously , they both shared so much of their lives together , " Patrick Kennedy said . "  The fact is that my dad and Vicki -LSB- Sen. Edward Kennedy 's second wife -RSB- were so gracious . In all of the holidays , my mom was included . There was n't any of this bitterness and everything . ... And I really am so grateful to Vicki for that , to my dad for that . "  Vicki was such a great sense of support to my dad at the end . "  My mom has been such an inspiration to me , " Patrick Kennedy went on . "  She has struggled , as we talked about in an earlier program , with this disease called alcoholism , which I suffer from as well . She 's been so public in her fight on this that she 's inspired so many people and inspired me . " The sons also talked about their father 's memoirs , including the now-infamous episode at Chappaquiddick . After a July 18 , 1969 , party for those who had worked on Robert Kennedy 's presidential campaign , Ted Kennedy drove his car off a bridge on Chappaquiddick Island , Massachusetts . Although he managed to escape , his passenger , Mary Jo Kopechne , drowned . Kennedy did not report the incident immediately and later pleaded guilty to leaving the scene of an accident . "  Years ago , he spoke to me about exactly what happened that night , " Ted Kennedy Jr. told King . "  And I knew how sorry my father has been each and every day of his life for what happened that night . If he could undo that moment , he would give anything to have been able to do so . "  And in this book ... he does n't make an excuse -- any excuses . He accepts responsibility for what happened . But ... it 's what you do with these tragic events that happen in your life that 's really the measure of the person . " They said they drew a lot of inspiration from reading "  True Compass . " "  I feel like this book ... is a gift . It 's a gift to me and my children who of course knew him as a grandfather but never really knew him as a man in the fullest sense of the word , " Ted Kennedy Jr. said . "  I was a little worried when I first opened up the pages because even though he 'd been talking about it and even though I 'd heard many of these stories before , I really did n't know what to expect . And what I found was ... a riveting , riveting two-day read . " "  Many people castigated him and attacked him and made him a caricature where he actually was a very real person as we 've seen in this book , " Patrick Kennedy told King . "  There was n't a better politician around . My dad had the ability to just connect with anybody . "	Sons of late Sen. Edward Kennedy say dad learned to embrace emotional side They say they do n't believe in the so-called "  Kennedy curse " Ted Kennedy Jr. says moment of his father 's passing was peaceful , spiritual On Chappaquiddick : He accepted responsibility for what happened , sons say
CNN  The FBI has increased its reward for information on missing American Robert Levinson from $ 1 million to $ 5 million , it announced Monday . Levinson , a retired FBI agent , vanished after traveling to the Iranian island of Kish in March 2007 and is one of the longest-held U.S. citizens in history . The FBI announced the reward increase on the eighth anniversary of Levinson 's disappearance -- and the day before his 67th birthday . "  Levinson traveled to Kish Island , Iran , on March 8 , 2007 , working on behalf of several large corporations , and his whereabouts , well-being and the circumstances surrounding his disappearance have been unknown since that time , " it said in a statement . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry issued a statement asking Iran to cooperate with the investigation into Levinson 's whereabouts . "  He has spent more than 2,900 days separated from those who love him , and is one of the longest held U.S. citizens in history . Year after year , the family has endured the pain of his absence . It is time for him to come home , " Kerry said . "  We remain committed to the safe return of Mr. Levinson to his family and appreciate the support and assistance from our international partners . We remain concerned about Mr. Levinson 's health given his age and the length of his disappearance . " Iran 's government repeatedly has said it is not holding Levinson and does not know his whereabouts . The FBI says he was in Iran as a private investigator . But news reports in 2013 said he was working as an independent CIA contractor when he disappeared . That prompted his family to speak out , saying they kept it quiet for years that Levinson was working for the CIA , because the U.S. government had warned them that revealing it would put him in more jeopardy . The FBI , White House and CIA have not publicly acknowledged any connection between the CIA and Levinson . It 's unclear exactly who is holding him , but U.S. officials have said they believe he is somewhere in southwest Asia . Whoever his captors are , in 2010 they sent a "  proof of life " videotape and photographs of Levinson to his family . In the video , he asked the U.S. government for help : "  Please help me get home , " a gaunt-looking Levinson said on the tape , citing his 33 years of service in the FBI as a reason for that help . The photographs showed him with a large beard .	The FBI says it is increasing the reward for missing American Robert Levinson to $ 5 million Levinson , a former FBI agent , went missing in Iran eight years ago ; Iran says it does not know where he is Secretary of State John Kerry has issued a statement asking for Iran to cooperate in the search for Levinson
CNN  -- It took a little longer than most people expected but MotoGP whiz kid Marc Marquez wrapped up a second world title in Japan . The 21-year-old finished runner-up behind compatriot Jorge Lorenzo -- and crucially ahead of the legendary Italian Valentino Rossi and Dani Pedrosa -- to take an unassailable 82-point lead in the championship with three rounds to go . The landmark means Marquez beat Mike Hailwood 's record , set in 1963 , to become the youngest ever rider to win consecutive titles . But perhaps more importantly for his Repsol Honda team , he did it at Motegi . This track is sacred ground for Honda . The Japanese giants designed and built the track ; it is where they test their cars as well as their bikes , and it also houses Honda 's museum . As such , the pressure to perform here is intense . Perhaps because of this , no Honda rider had ever managed to clinch the championship here -- until now . In the end it was an efficient performance from the reigning champion , but there was no sense of inevitability . Rossi blasted into the lead , while a muscular pass from Lorenzo saw Marquez fall back to seventh place on the race 's first corner . The champion fought his way up to fourth on the second lap , but Lorenzo looked to be a man on a mission , first breaking the lap record and then ducking past his Movistar Yamaha teammate Rossi on lap five to take a lead he would maintain to the line . For Marquez the key was to finish ahead of Pedrosa and Rossi , and gradually he settled into the task . Easing past his fellow Spaniard , he then closed the gap on the Italian . After 14 laps he finally caught him , but his first attempted pass saw the wily Rossi immediately bite back to retake second . A lap later though and Marquez took advantage of the Honda 's superior cornering to slip inside the Yamaha 's line . It was all he needed to do , and the remaining eight laps saw him cement his place and cross the line in comfort . The sea of red-clad Marquez fans in Motegi 's packed stands erupted . Marquez had talked before about the burden of expectation as his season unfolded , and he appeared as relieved as he was delighted to finally seal the title . "  Two years in MotoGP , two titles . It 's incredible , " Marquez told reporters . "  I could n't have imagined it . "  Maybe to people it looked easy because I am always smiling and always happy , but also I feel pressure . " Lorenzo 's victory , his second in two races , equals five-time world champion Mick Doohan 's record of 54 grand prix victories , moving him up to him up to joint fifth place in the all-time winners list . But his return to form has come too late for him to threaten Marquez for the championship . "  We are happy for Marc that he won the title , " he said . "  This year he was the best in general , so we want to say congratulations . " Rossi , enjoying something of an Indian summer to his career back at Yamaha , also congratulated the young champion : "  I have to say that he deserves this championship . He worked well and was the stronger man this year . " Samurai celebrations MotoGP is a sport that thrives on spectacle , and Marquez had saved a special treat for his fans at the checkered flag . A man in full samurai costume , flanked by two women in geisha dresses , appeared on the track side gravel through a red smoke of fireworks . The samurai handed Marquez a sword , with which the champion cut the string of a balloon bearing the number one . A geisha then handed him a gold helmet , which he donned to perform his lap of honor . It was a fitting celebration for a truly extraordinary rider . Sibling rivalry ? Since the end of Marquez 's record equaling winning run in Brno the MotoGP championship has seen different winners and tight contests , which will have relieved the Spaniard 's rivals as well as the sport 's administrators . He is still one win short of equallng Mick Doohan 's record of 12 wins in a season , but Doohan himself warns that the period of Marquez domination may have just begun . "  He 's lifted the bar quite substantially this year , " the Australian told BT Sport . "  Last year he moved it , this year he 's added to that . For someone to take away this dominance -- it 's either Lorenzo or another guy coming through , and at the moment who 's that ? " It is not an easy question to answer , but contenders are out there . And there may be one very close to home . It was a double celebration for the Marquez family as younger brother Alex snatched victory in the Moto3 class . The junior sibling leads that championship ; the prospect of the brothers fighting for future titles in the premier class is a mouth watering one .	Marc Marquez defends his MotoGP crown with second place in Japan The 21-year-old Spaniard is the youngest rider to win back-to-back world titles Marquez is the first Honda driver to win title at home circuit of Motegi "  I am always smiling and always happy , but also I feel pressure , " says the Spaniard
CNN  -- World No. 1 Serena Williams will play second-ranked Victoria Azarenka in a rematch of last year 's U.S. Open final on Sunday as she attempts to become the oldest winner of the New York grand slam . The American blew away the hopes of Li Na , who had been hoping to become the first Chinese player to contest the title match of the hard-court event , as she triumphed 6-0 6-3 in Friday 's second semifinal . The defending champion , who turns 32 at the end of this month , made a blistering start against Li but the fifth seed battled back in the second set -- Williams required seven match-points to reach her seventh U.S. Open final . She has won four of those , suffering defeat in 2001 and 2011 . "  I got a little nervous there at the end but I was able to close it out , " Williams told the crowd . "  I 'm excited to be in another final . We always have really good matches . "  Vika 's a great player and she lifts her game when it counts . I think that 's what makes the difference . " Williams has lost just four times this year -- two of those to Azarenka -- and dropped only 16 games in 12 sets on the way to the final . The Belorussian was largely untroubled in reaching her fourth grand slam final , beating Italian underdog Flavia Pennetta 6-4 6-2 in a match marred by service struggles for both players . Pennetta , ranked 83rd in the world , was playing in her first major semifinal but had a 1-1 record against Azarenka . "  It 's been a long road to the final and it 's an amazing feeling to come out here and fight for that trophy on Sunday -- I 'm definitely giving myself the best chance for my dreams here , " said the two-time Australian Open winner , who has a 12-3 losing record against Williams . "  Today was a great match , a lot of emotions . I think the turning point was when I finally held my serve and won the first set . I stayed tough and played really well on return games and on important moments . "  Flavia 's such a great fighter , getting to every ball , so I really had to keep my focus in the match . "	Serena Williams reaches seventh U.S. Open final , beating fifth seed Li Na American will play world No. 2 Victoria Azarenka in Sunday 's final Azarenka defeats 83rd-ranked Flavia Pennetta in opening semifinal She lost to Williams in last year 's title match at Flushing Meadows
CNN  -- The World Cup is apparently making a lot of people "  ill " in China . Football fans are preparing for the kick off the biggest sporting event of the year by purchasing fake sick notes online . Most World Cup matches will take place in Brazil when it is past midnight in China , or in the early hours between 3 and 6 a.m. . The schedule has Chinese media dramatically referring to this year 's competition as "  the World Cup with the greatest time difference in history . " To catch those pre-dawn games , fans are resorting to claiming sick leave by purchasing fake doctor 's notes through e-commerce sites such as Taobao . Standard pads of sick notes have always been available on the site , for as little as RMB 1  $ 0.16  per pack . But to get a note that looks authentic , with a hospital 's stamp and a convincing diagnostic scrawl from a doctor , it will cost up to RMB 300  $ 50  per note , local media reports . One football fan said he was considering purchasing sick leave slips online for the thrill of watching games as they happened . "  Recordings of matches are meaningless , only live broadcasts are fun . If I stay up all night to watch the games , I will be so sleepy the next day and my boss will scold me , " the man surnamed Liu told Sina News . Direct searches for fake sick notes wo n't work on e-commerce sites such as Taobao . To get around the illegality of selling fraudulent notes , vendors title their items as "  proof of diagnosis note . " Sina also reported that one online vendor was claiming to offer sick notes with consultation records registered at a Beijing hospital , at double the price of notes without registered records . To prevent employees taking fake sick leave , one IT company in Guangdong province has made a rare offer of three days paid leave to employees who wish to watch World Cup matches , according to local media . Fake sick notes made headlines in China in 2012 when a postal worker in Hong Kong used 130 doctor 's notes bought from Taobao to scam more than HK$ 217,000  about $ 28,000  in sick leave allowance as well as 635 days of leave in the span of four years . Hong Kong 's Independent Commission Against Corruption found pads of blank doctor 's notes as well as bogus doctor 's stamps at the 40-year-old offender 's home .	World Cup matches will take place while most people should be asleep in China To deal with the inconvenient game schedule , workers are taking bogus sick leave Vendors sell fake doctor 's notes online for as much as $ 50
CNN  -- Law enforcement agents began searching the Connecticut home of an alleged mobster on Thursday . But the suspect 's attorney says authorities are actually hunting for hundreds of millions of dollars in stolen art that went missing from a Boston museum more than 20 years ago . Ryan McGuigan , an attorney for Robert Gentile , a 76-year-old Connecticut man facing federal drug charges and illegal firearms possession , said it 's the second time authorities have scoured the man 's home . "  Pursuant to the search warrant , they are looking for firearms , " said McGuigan . "  But they 're not really looking for firearms . They 're looking for $ 500 million in  art stolen  from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum on March 18 , 1990 . " Pieces by Rembrandt and Degas were among the artworks stolen in the notorious heist . The U.S. Attorney 's office declined to comment on the apparent search . Manchester Police spokesman Chris Davis said law enforcement agents were at the scene and that the FBI had been requested . In an earlier statement , the museum said it "  does not have any comments about the Robert Gentile case in Connecticut . " "  The Museum continues to offer a $ 5 million reward for information leading to the recovery of the artworks in good condition , " the statement read . "  Anyone with information about the theft , the location of the stolen artworks , and/or the investigation , should contact the Gardner Museum . " Hours after St. Patrick 's Day festivities wrapped up in Boston on March 18 , 1990 , two men dressed as police officers knocked on the museum 's side security entrance . Upon entering , the intruders handcuffed the security guards , bound them with duct tape and left them in the basement , authorities said at the time . In less than 90 minutes , the bandits went through the museum 's Dutch Room on the second floor and stole three Rembrandts , including the Dutch artist 's only seascape , "  Storm on the Sea of Galilee , " along with Vermeer 's "  The Concert , " five Degas drawings and other items , according to the museum 's website . The thieves also apparently tried to steal a fourth Rembrandt but were unsuccessful , the FBI reported at the time . The agency said that their early investigation led authorities to examine several different groups , including members of Boston 's organized crime gangs and the Irish Republican Army . CNN 's Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	Authorities search the home of alleged mobster An attorney for Robert Gentile said it 's the second time authorities have scoured the man 's home . The infamous 1990 art heist resulted in the theft of iconic pieces from Rembrandt and Degas
CNN  -- It has been a busy 10 days for Andros Townsend . The 22-year-old scored on his England debut , signed a new four year contract with Tottenham and then duly rewarded the club by helping them to a 2-0 victory at Aston Villa in Sunday 's only Premier League match . The winger pumped in a left footed cross which curled beautifully into the net to put Spurs on their way after 30 minutes . It was a marauding display from the childhood Tottenham fan -- who now finds himself hailed as England 's newest star -- as he prowled the right wing and almost doubled his tally on more than one occasion . "  It 's been one of the best few weeks of my life , " Townsend told broadcaster Sky Sports after the match . "  Scoring for my country on my debut is a highlight but the main thing for me now is not to get carried away and keep my feet on my ground . " Aston Villa 's prized possession Christian Benteke came off the bench in the second half to try to grab a share of the points for his team . The striker , who has made a quick return from a hip injury , tested Tottenham 's defense but he nodded his best effort over the bar . Andreas Weimann had earlier failed to find an elusive equalizer when he drove a fierce shot just wide . Spurs put victory beyond the home side when Roberto Soldado collected Paulinho 's pass and chipped past American keeper Brad Guzan in the 69th minute . The away win saw Tottenham move up to fifth in the Premier League table , which is led by north London rivals Arsenal . Defeat saw Villa drop down to 13th . There was a sour note to Tottenham 's victory when a flare was thrown from the club 's section of traveling fans in response to Townsend 's opening goal . The canister hit a linesman on the back of the neck although he was able to carry on with his duties .	Andros Townsend scores opening goal for Tottenham in Aston Villa defeat Roberto Soldado adds a second goal for Spurs Defeat sees Aston Villa drop to 13th in Premier League , Spurs up to fifth Townsend signed a new four-year deal with Spurs earlier in the week
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Pakistan 's new president called GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin "  gorgeous " when the two met in New York on Wednesday . Vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin meets Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari in New York on Wednesday . Palin has been in New York meeting international leaders in town this week for United Nations meetings . On entering a room filled with several Pakistani officials Wednesday , Palin was immediately greeted by Sherry Rehman , the country 's information minister . "  And how does one keep looking that good when one is that busy ? " Rehman asked Palin , drawing friendly laughter from the room . "  Oh , thank you , " Palin said . Pakistan 's new president , Asif Ali Zardari , entered the room seconds later . Palin rose to shake his hand , saying she was "  honored " to meet him . Zardari then called her "  gorgeous " and said : "  Now I know why the whole of America is crazy about you . " "  You are so nice , " Palin said , smiling . "  Thank you . " A handler from Zardari 's entourage then told the two politicians to keep shaking hands for the cameras . "  If he 's insisting , I might hug , " Zardari said . Palin smiled politely in response . The Alaska governor did not answer questions from reporters at her first two appearances on Wednesday , when she joined running mate Sen. John McCain in meetings with Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili and Ukrainian president Viktor Yushchenko and then traveled downtown to meet with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani . But she did offer brief remarks to a reporter at the Zardari meeting who asked about her day . "  It 's going great , " Palin said . "  These meetings are very informative and helpful , and a lot of good people sharing appreciation for America . "	VP candidate Sarah Palin in New York meeting international leaders New Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari called Palin "  gorgeous " Zardari : "  Now I know why the whole of America is crazy about you "
In the exceedingly tight contest to become Iowa 's next senator , Saturday 's closely watched debate between Bruce Braley and Joni Ernst had the candidates trying to make each other blue by talking green . When it comes to energy , Ernst , a Republican state senator , and Braley , a Democratic congressman , both have controversial positions to defend to voters . Ernst elaborated on her position to shutter the Environmental Protection Agency , a move that critics say will make Iowa more polluted . Braley , meanwhile , explained his flip-flopping on the Keystone Pipeline that has left some Iowans skeptical about his commitment to create jobs . The debate made it clear : Environmental regulation is the issue where the 2014 hopefuls really differ . The states know how to best protect their natural resources , Ernst said , saying that "  the EPA has overreached . " Braley accused his Republican opponent of not wanting to ensure the cleanliness of the country 's air and water . Braley himself was put on the defensive when he was asked why he had switched his position from supporting the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline to opposing it . "  When the pipeline was first proposed and we were first asked to vote on it , a lot of promises were made about what was going to happen with the oil produced in that pipeline and the jobs it created , " Braley said . "  But the more I looked into it and the more I talked to Iowans , there was no guarantee that the oil produced and sent through that pipeline was going to stay in the United States and benefit U.S. consumers . And there was no guarantee that a lot of jobs would be create for Iowans . " The pipeline , which has yet to receive federal approval , would not run through Iowa , although the Republican Patty of Iowa strongly supports the measure as a part of their platform . At the center of the energy debate , the candidates swapped jabs about another kind of green : special interest dollars . Braley accused Ernst of favoring the interests of the oil industry over those of the alternate energy because she is backed by oil money . Ernst said the EPA overreached when the federal agency sent workers to Iowa to manage the water supply of agriculture producers , and accused Braley of supporting the agency because he is backed by wealthy environmentalists . The two candidates displayed a smaller gap in positions when it came to foreign policy . Both expressed concern over vetting and arming Syrian rebels to fight ISIS there . Ernst and Braley 's parties differ greatly on immigration , but in this Senate race , the difference was a matter of degrees . The Republican said she is opposed to amnesty for undocumented immigrants already in the country but would not vote to repeal an Obama administration program that grants relief to some youths who were brought illegally into the country as children . Braley went a step further , saying that the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , as the program is known , is working well for Iowans . "  I 've talked to young people in Iowa who are using it ... and I 've seen what it 's done to give them hope and opportunities to get a job and make a better future for themselves and their families , " he said . For much of the election , Braley has tried to shake his white collar image , after he made comments suggesting that Sen. Chuck Grassley was merely "  a farmer with no law degree . " Ernst capitalized on that gaffe last night . "  I am a young woman who grew up on a southwest Iowa farm drinking well water . My father is a farmer , and our farmers are some of the best conservationists out there . " But Braley bit back . "  That 's why my ancestors came from Ireland during the potato family , settled across the river in Cole Valley to start a better life for themselves . Than they moved to Iowa to start a farm . My great-great-grandfather died breaking that prairie . " On debate night , a new Des Moines Register poll showed the candidates in a dead heat . Ernst now leads 47 % to 46 % over Braley , down from a 6-point lead in their last poll .	Republican Joni Ernst defends her position to eliminate the EPA for overreach Bruce Braley defends his decision to reverse his support for the Keystone Pipeline Both candidates accused each other of having ties to dark money
LONDON , England  CNN  -- CNN followed two die-hard football fans as they traveled to Rome to watch their teams battle to become champions of Europe . Ivan Papell partied until the early hours after seeing Barcelona win the champions League final . Ivan Papell is a Barcelona fan and managing director of the Spanish arm of a multinational company . He is in high spirits today after seeing his team beat Manchester United 2-0 , but confesses to being a little tired . He did n't make it to bed until six o'clock this morning after partying the night away with thousands of other Barcelona fans , "  It was a great night for Barcelona , but I 've lost my voice from screaming , " he told CNN . Manchester United fan Geoff Pearson is a Lecturer in Law at the University of Liverpool in England and lives in Manchester . He traveled to Moscow to see his team beat Chelsea in last year 's Champions League final , but United were unable to repeat their success last night . "  We were outplayed , apart from for the first 10 minutes of the match , " he admits . His match ticket cost him $ 106 , but that only accounts for a small part of his expenses . Pearson could n't get tickets for a direct flight to Rome -- instead , he had to fly to Milan , then hire a car and drive to Rome , where he stayed for three nights . In total , traveling to the final cost him about $ 750 , but he does not regret making the journey . Manchester United fan Geoff Pearson does n't regret traveling to Rome , despite seeing his team lose . "  The atmosphere at the match was brilliant , " he told CNN . "  The Manchester United fans did themselves proud . They outnumbered the Barcelona fans and made more noise . " How much have you paid to see your team play abroad ? Sound Off below While Pearson was impressed by the atmosphere inside Rome 's Stadio Olimpico , he says he and other traveling Manchester United fans had difficulty getting to the match . He says the fans ' bus was delayed up by police and that there was a crush to get through the turnstiles into the stadium , putting it down to "  the usual chaos of Italian away matches . " Papell had no such trouble getting to the game and , sitting with Manchester United fans , he says he was impressed by their sporting behavior . He says that many United fans congratulated him after the match , telling him Barcelona had deserved to win . After seeing Barcelona beat the reigning European Champions Papell was justifiably proud of his team 's performance . "  Barcelona were lucky to have scored first , but after that it was the sort of match Barcelona wanted . Manchester United were always behind the ball and Barcelona dominated the game , " he said . "  I was expecting more from Manchester United but Barcelona can play the ball very fast and they make it hard for other teams . " While Papell catches up on some sleep , Pearson has to catch a train to Milan this afternoon , before flying back to England tomorrow morning . "  It was definitely worth it , " he said . "  It was a European final and they do n't come round every year . " But if the United and Barcelona do make it to next year 's final , Pearson and Pappell will no doubt be in Madrid to cheer them on .	Fans Geoff and Ivan traveled to Rome to see the Champions League final "  The atmosphere at the match was brilliant , " says United fan Geoff Pearson "  I 've lost my voice from screaming , " says Barcelona fan Ivan Papell
CNN  -- Chelsea have warned a group of supporters they are slowing the progress of the English Premier League outfit after they opted not to return the freehold to the club 's Stamford Bridge stadium . The ground , in the west of the English capital , was sold to a fans ' organization called the Chelsea Pitch Owners  CPO  in 1997 to protect it from falling into the hands of developers if the club ran into financial trouble . But only 61.5 % of CPO 's shareholders voted to sell the freehold back to the club -- less than the 75 % needed to authorize the move . Explainer : Chelsea 's bid to leave Stamford Bridge Chelsea , who are currently third in the Premier League , are keen to explore the possibility of building a new ground with a bigger capacity than Stamford Bridge , which currently holds only 42,000 supporters . In a letter to CPO , Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck said that a new ground could help the club raise an extra $ 56 million of revenue each season but that the redevelopment of Stamford Bridge was necessary to help pay for it . But many fans were not happy at the club 's plans to move away from the site and Chelsea fell short of the vote required . The club are owned by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich but limited space around their ground means expansion is difficult . Two of the club 's rivals , Manchester United and Arsenal , have stadiums that hold 76,000 and 60,000 respectively . A statement on the Chelsea 's official website read : "  Chelsea FC is naturally disappointed with the result . A large number of fans supported our proposals but it was always going to be difficult when we had to have a 75 per cent majority of voting shareholders accepting them . "  We approached this process with transparency and the will to do what is best for Chelsea Football Club and while we will remain as ambitious as ever , this decision could slow down our progress . " Buck added : "  Obviously we are disappointed but we recognise and we respect totally that the shareholders of Chelsea Pitch Owners have spoken . "  We will meet with Mr Abramovich  Chelsea 's Russian owner  and the rest of the board and we will decide what action , if any , we will take going forward . ' "  I do n't view this as an us and against you , we against they situation . We are all Chelsea fans and I can only hope that on Saturday we can get together and support this club and beat Arsenal . "	Chelsea lose vote to buy back their Stamford Bridge stadium A group of the club 's fans who own the freehold opt against handing it back The ` Chelsea Pitch Owners ' have owned the freehold since 1997 Club says they are losing $ 56 million of revenue a year due to limited capacity
CNN  -- Internet connections across Syria went down Tuesday night , according to several global monitoring sites . Google reported that its services became inaccessible in Syria around 9:45 p.m.  2:45 p.m. ET  . The Renesys , Akamai and BGPmon Internet tracking companies also reported the loss of Syrian Internet connectivity at that time . "  It seems Syria has largely disappeared from the Internet , " Dan Hubbard , chief technology officer for Umbrella Security Labs , wrote in a blog post about the apparent outage . The website for Syria 's state-run news agency and several government websites were not accessible . CNN staff in Damascus could not connect to the Internet . At one hotel , staffers said the Internet was down "  in the hotel and all of Damascus . " Opposition activists reported widespread power and Internet outages in Damascus and throughout the country , warning that the communications cutoff could be an ominous sign . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said the activist network would put "  all responsibility on regime forces for any violation or massacres against civilians . " The cause of the apparent outage was unclear . "  Although we ca n't yet comment on what caused this outage , past incidents were linked to both government-ordered shutdowns and damage to the infrastructure , which included fiber cuts and power outages , " Hubbard wrote . After a similar situation in November , U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford told CNN that Syria had shut down the Internet in the past . "  The Syrian government has been monitoring  the Internet  for years , " he said . "  They have been using the Internet with Iranian assistance to track opposition activists , arrest and kill them . " "  That is the reason why our nonlethal assistance to the Syrian opposition , we put a special emphasis on communications equipment precisely to help the Syrian people tell the world what is going on inside Syria , " he said . Technology has become a key weapon used by both sides of Syria 's civil war to fight for their cause , with opposition activists using social media to report violence and a group of pro-Syrian government hackers known as the Syrian Electronic Army targeting major news organizations and activists . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Damascus , Syria . CNN 's Wayne Gray and Luke Henderson contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition activists report widespread power and Internet outages Monitoring sites report the loss of Syrian Internet connectivity at 9:45 p.m. Web security analyst : "  It seems Syria has largely disappeared from the Internet " Google also reports that its services are inaccessible in Syria
CNN  -- A contractor killed himself at a Florida home owned by singer and actor Olivia Newton-John , police said Tuesday . Christopher Pariseleti , 41 , died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , according to a statement from the Jupiter Police Department . The cause of death was determined after an autopsy was conducted Tuesday morning , the statement said . "  This case investigation has been classified as a suicide and there are no suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of Mr.Pariseleti , " the statement said . Newton-John and her husband were not at the property when the shooting happened , according to a spokesman with Tequesta Fire and Rescue . The singer 's publicist said Newton-John and her husband "  are in shock over the tragic event that occurred at their Florida home yesterday . " "  At this time we are awaiting additional information from investigators but , can confirm that the couple was not in Florida at the time and , the deceased was not a family member , " publicist Michael Caprio said Tuesday . Public records indicate Newton-John 's husband , John Easterling , owns the Palm Beach County home and that a sale is pending on the property . CNN 's Alanne Orjoux and Megan Clifford contributed to this report .	NEW : A contractor committed suicide on her property , police say NEW : "  Olivia and her husband John are in shock , " her publicist says Olivia Newton-John and her husband were not at the property at the time Public records indicate a sale is pending on the Palm Beach County home
Images from the Jewish Museum of Belgium show the gunman behind Saturday 's deadly attack approaching the building , opening fire , and walking away . He used an AK-47 assault rifle to carry out the shooting , which killed at least three people , police said Sunday . Photographs and video released by Belgian police show the man wearing a cap and blue shirt , carrying two bags over his shoulder . The images do not show his face clearly . The shooter left on foot after the attack and headed toward a different part of downtown Brussels before he disappeared , according to police . Authorities are hunting the suspect , believed to have acted alone , deputy public prosecutor Ine Van Wymersch said . Investigators hope the public will help to identify the suspect . Two of those killed in Saturday 's attack are Israeli and the third is French , Van Wymersch said . The Israelis were a couple in their 50s from Tel Aviv , Israel 's Foreign Ministry said . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said the French victim was a woman and offered his condolences Sunday to the families of all those killed , his ministry said . A fourth person , a Belgian national who works at the museum , remains in critical condition , Van Wymersch said Monday . That contradicted museum spokeswoman Chouna Lomponda , who said Sunday that the fourth person had died . Terrorism has not been ruled out , Van Wymersch said Monday . No arrests have been made , she said . A person who was detained Saturday soon after the shooting is considered a witness and not a suspect , Van Wymersch added . That witness was not seen in surveillance video recorded during the attack , she said . The circumstances of the shooting have raised suspicions that it may have been an anti-Semitic attack , but no motive has been determined . Van Wymersch said it was too early to determine whether the attack was an act of terrorism or motivated by anti-Semitism . Could the killer attack again ? A senior Belgian law enforcement official told CNN that Belgian police do not yet have any leads on the killer . It 's been challenging to identify the killer because he was wearing a baseball cap . The official told CNN that authorities have no information yet on the specific motivation or ideological background of the killer . They do not know whether they are dealing with Islamist terrorism , some sort of neo-Nazi type of attack or another category altogether . But there is concern that the killer could strike again , the official said , and that authorities could be dealing with a "  Mohammed Merah " type of killer . Merah , a French-Algerian Islamist radical who received terror training with al Qaeda-linked militants in Pakistan , shot and killed three French paratroopers in two attacks in March 2012 before killing three schoolchildren and their teacher at a Jewish school in Toulouse , France , during a 10-day shooting rampage which he filmed with a camera attached to his torso . But the official stressed that no evidence has emerged in Saturday 's attack pointing to any link to Islamist terrorism . The official told CNN that authorities can not say with certainty whether the Brussels gunman was carrying a video camera to film the attacks . Some investigators who viewed the surveillance footage believed this was the case and some did not . The quality of the surveillance footage was not good enough to make a conclusive determination . The official said the killer shot the Israeli couple first in the museum entryway with one of his weapons . The couple had been consulting the wall display . He then pulled out a Kalashnikov assault rifle and shot the others inside the museum . Surveillance cameras picked up the killer walking on two or three streets before he disappeared . The official said the killer appeared to be skilled in using weapons and likely planned the attack meticulously . The official stressed Belgian authorities are investigating all possible angles , including Islamist terrorism , neo-Nazi attack , and other categories . With regard to the threat from Islamist terrorism , he noted there has been longstanding concern over the 100 or so Belgian Islamist extremists who received training in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region over the years , and high current concern over several hundred who have more recently traveled to fight in Syria . The concern is they might be able to use skills acquired there to launch attacks back home . Heightened security Belgium 's Interior Ministry raised its terror alert level in the wake of the attack . Belgian Interior Minister Joelle Milquet told a news conference Saturday that the security threat level was at its highest at locations frequented by the Jewish community across the country . This measure is precautionary , she added . She met with the police , Belgian Jewish community leaders and the president of the European Jewish Congress , Moshe Kantor , on Sunday to discuss the security arrangements , an Interior Ministry statement said . The Jewish community is determined to continue its activities in schools , synagogues and cultural centers , but under heightened security with a permanent police presence , the statement said . Kantor is also to hold urgent talks with Belgian Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo , his group said in a statement . Kantor described the attack as "  horrific but not surprising " and urged action by European governments to tackle extremism and hate speech . "  Attacks on Jewish targets in Europe do not exist in a vacuum , but are part and parcel of an overall climate of hate and incitement against Jewish communities , " he said , according to the statement . "  Anti-Semitism begins in the public domain , it gains international legitimacy and becomes normative even in our national parliaments but it always ends in killing Jews . " Pope Francis , who was in Israel on Sunday , told reporters that he had a "  heavy heart " after the "  atrocious " attack . "  While reiterating my condemnation for this criminal act of anti-Semitic hatred , I entrust the victims of this crime to the God of mercy and invoke upon the wounded his gift of healing , " the pope said in Tel Aviv before departing for Jerusalem . Jewish men targeted in France In neighboring France , two Jewish men were assaulted late Saturday as they were leaving a synagogue in Creteil , outside Paris , the French Interior Ministry said Sunday . Two men were involved in the aggression against the two Jewish men , who are bruised , Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet said in an interview with CNN affiliate BFMTV . Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve instructed police and other authorities to strengthen security at Jewish sites while looking for the perpetrators of Saturday 's incident , which he strongly condemned , according to the ministry . In the wake of the attack in Brussels , Cazeneuve reaffirmed his determination to fight those who commit murderous acts and spread racism as well as well as anti-Semitism , the ministry said . Anti-Semitism worldwide A global survey released in May by the Anti-Defamation League reported on the levels of anti-Semitism found in 102 nations . Belgium received a 27 % index score in the survey . The index score represents the percentage of adults in a country who answered "  probably true " to a majority of the anti-Semitic stereotypes tested . Belgium has an adult population of about 8.7 million . The ADL said one-fourth of adults worldwide are "  deeply infected with anti-Semitic attitudes , " according to a CNN.com report on the survey . France had the second highest index score in Europe , with 37 % , although that was well below Greece , with 67 % . Germany had a score of 27 % , Spain 29 % , Sweden 4 % and the United Kingdom 8 % . The United States was given an index score of 9 % . More on rampage killings	Senior Belgian law enforcement official says police have no leads The public prosecutor says the death toll stands at three , not four A museum spokeswoman said Sunday a fourth victim had died Two Jewish men were targeted in an attack outside synagogue , French Interior Ministry says
CNN  -- Chingaiz Khan was an unknown quantity when he arrived for a junior weightlifting tournament in South Waziristan nine years ago . Chaotic and intensely religious , the Pakistani region is known by locals as "  the most dangerous place in the world . " The 12-year-old Chingaiz , with his short , jet-black hair and smooth , unblemished skin , looked younger than the other boys . But , despite it being his first ever tournament , he was still stronger than everyone else . For his father Shams-Ul Wazir , a local college lecturer , the decision to register his son for the tournament paid off handsomely . Chingaiz was crowned the junior boys ' weightlifting champion , the first step on a journey that would take him into the world of professional sport . Except Chingaiz was n't really his name . Chingaiz was actually called Maria Toor Pakay . Chingaiz was a girl . "  I suggested the name of Chingaiz Khan for her since she had always been like a boy , " explained Al Wazir in an interview with HBO . "  She liked the name very much . " Girls and boys This is n't a story of deception , but rather a tale of necessity . Maria Toor Pakay is Pakistan 's number one squash player , ranked 49th in the world . She also comes from an ultra conservative region in Pakistan that is home to the Taliban . Female participation in any form of public life is strongly discouraged , by both words and deeds . Education , working , sports ; anything involving women leaving the house unaccompanied by a male relative was seen as the work of the devil . Teen athlete fled Taliban stronghold to pursue dream But Pakay had talent . Her weightlifting triumph gave her access to a world of sporting options that would otherwise have been out of bounds to her as a female , and she discovered the discipline where she would make her name . Squash is one of Pakistan 's most popular games and Pakay excelled at it . By the age of 21 she had gone pro and broken into the world top 50 , an incredible rise up the world rankings . She is one of only three Pakistani women in the top 200 ; by contrast the nation has 15 men in the same strata . Yet her success has come at a price . Pakay and her father have been threatened with retribution by the local Taliban for insulting their culture and their religion . "  My area , my tribal regions are called the hub of terrorism and extremism , " said Pakay . "  It 's the home to the Taliban , and it 's called the most dangerous place in the world . But I have a big vision for my country , and for my people it will be stopped . I always thought that maybe I 'm the chosen one . " Standing up Pakay realized at a young age that she was different to other people she saw in her community . "  When I was four and a half , I told my parents that I want clothes like my brother , " she said . "  I want to play with boys , there 's more freedom , I felt . And I am not like girls who play with dolls . I want the toy guns and things like that . " Such behavior was anathema to the deeply conservative community she was born into . But her father agreed . Rather than forcing his daughter to conform , he thought about how best to realize his daughter 's talent . It was he who came up with the plan to cut his daughter 's hair and enter into competitions with the boys . "  They  religious elders  sent me to a mental asylum 'cause they thought that I had deviated from the culture , and that I was crazy supporting women 's rights , " he recalled . "  They said I was spoiling the whole environment and that all women would want the same rights . " With the boys ' junior weightlifting title under her belt , Pakay decided to enter a boys ' squash tournament . Her disguise was scuppered by bureaucracy . "  My dad said , ` This ... that 's my son , ' " Pakay recalled of the moment her father presented her to be registered . But the official dropped a bombshell . "  He said , ` OK , we need the birth certificate , too . ' " Threat Shams-Ul Wazir decided to come clean , and entered her in the girls ' competitions . She destroyed the opposition and , at the age of 15 , was national champion . It was then that the trouble started . "  I found a letter on the windshield of my car . It was signed by the name of ` Taliban , ' " her father said . "  They told me -- they threatened me -- ` Stop your girl from playing squash because it is bringing a bad name to our culture and to Islam . ' They told me , ` If you do not do this then you will have to suffer very bad consequences . ' "  I ignored that threat ...  but  we were very much concerned that she might get shot or she might get kidnapped . " The warning terrified Pakay . Scared for the safety of her family , she decided not play in public . "  I told my dad that I might need a gun . I do n't know what to do , " she said . "  He said , ` It 's your decision . I never stopped you from anything . You wan na play or not ? ' "  Squash is everything for me . And I know that when a girl is kidnapped , it 's the biggest dishonor . I 'm not gon na bring dishonor for them , ever . " So Pakay played in the house , lonely and miserable . From dusk until dawn she hit the ball against the wall with her "  Jonathan Power " racket . Her father knew that if he wanted his daughter to realize her potential , she had to leave Pakistan . "  He said , ` Okay , if you wan na play , just leave the country . That 's all you can do . ' " The Power of persistence Pakay agreed . For three long years she would write to everyone . Clubs , players , educational institutions . Nothing . But then , when she was 18 years old , she received her only reply . She recognized the name . It was the same name that graced her first racket : that of former world champion Jonathan Power . "  I could n't believe that there was a woman squash player from Waziristan , let alone , one that could actually play , " said Power of the day he received Pakay 's email . Power retired at the top of his game , as number one in the world . He never left squash . Instead he set up a national academy in his home town of Toronto , looking to find talent in people from places squash rarely reaches . Pakay 's letter melted him . It read : Dear sir , I 'm Maria Toor Pakay Wazir . I belong to South Waziristan agency of Pakistan 's tribal areas on the Pak-Afghan border . South Waziristan one of Pakistan 's most turbulent tribal agencies and the home to Taliban is also my home . Here girls of my age are passing their lives in such miserable conditions . They are restricted to four walls despite having the desire to come out of the Stone Age and get assimilated with the rest of the world . I will be waiting for your positive response . Regard , Maria Toor Pakay Wazir , professional squash player . Power was moved to reply , and soon Pakay was on a flight to Canada . "  It 's unbelievable , " he said . "  She left on just hope , on a one-way ticket and 200 bucks on an email promise from me . " World champion The aim for Pakay is to be world champion . She works from morning to night with Power , moving up the rankings as she gets close to realizing her dream . Being away from her family is tough . She talks to them every day on the internet . She scours the news sites looking for information on suicide bombings and killings , praying they are nowhere near her home . So far , they have n't been . "  The timeline is 'till she 's world champion and she goes home with a trophy , " Power asserted confidently . "  There is no substitute . " Yet in a region where some revile a woman 's sporting success , a world championship has extra problems . More publicity , greater exposure , increased danger . That does n't matter to Pakay . Success could open up opportunities for others like her , playing squash or lifting weights or kicking a soccer ball in their bedrooms as they wait for the world outside to change . "  Someone wants to kill me ? Kill me once I bring the change and I become a world champion , " she said . "  But not before . "	Maria Toor Pakay is Pakistan 's No. 1 squash player despite difficult circumstances Pakay fled her native Waziristan after threats from the Taliban , moving to Canada Her father was warned that she was in danger for embarrassing the region 's culture and religion Former squash star Jonathan Power is training her to become a world champion
Munich , Germany  CNN  -- A story focused on the care of prison inmates with dementia in U.S. jails has scooped two top prizes at the CNN Journalist Awards ceremony in Munich . Claas Relotius was named CNN Journalist of the Year for the story "  Murderers as Carers . " The story , first published in Swiss magazine Reportagen , also won the Print category award on Thursday night . According to Relotius ' report , many U.S. prisons are struggling to provide care for long-term inmates suffering from dementia . But one high-security facility has found an unconventional solution to the problem -- by teaching its own inmates to become carers . "  The report takes a poetic and interesting approach to a major social problem . Claas Relotius paints pictures in the reader 's mind that unfold like a film , ' said Franz Fischlin , chairman of the judging panel . See all nominees here Meanwhile , Michael Strompen and Jo Schuck 's "  Escape to the Caribbean -- Corporate Tax Tricks , " in which they conducted an in-depth international investigation into corporate tax evasion through shell companies , won the best TV category . Jurors noted how the duo from ZDF succeeded in powerfully "  explaining the many numbers , pieces of information and complicated economic interrelations . " The Online category honors went to Christian Werner for "  On the Trail of Dead Children . " Presented on the Der Spiegel iPad app , he revealed the impact of the bombing of Iraq in 2003 on the health of children . Watch video of the CNN Journalists of the Year award  German Also recognized was Jenny Marrenback , who won the accolade of best Radio piece . Her report , "  Haiti Cherie . The Business of Aid , " explored the aftermath of environmental devastation in Haiti for survivors . Judges praised Marrenbach 's work for showcasing "  the other side of the coin in the NGO business . " First appearing in emerge , an online magazine for young photojournalists , Birte Kaufmann 's series of photographs chronicling the everyday lives of Ireland 's traveler community , won top honors in the Photo category . "  Birte Kaufmann provides an intimite and deep insight into a totally foreign world , " said the awards panel . Parisa Khosravi , senior vice president for CNN Worldwide said : "  CNN continues to do its part to support quality journalism by sharing our experience with journalism colleagues around the world through a number of different programs , such as the CNN Journalist Award , now in its ninth year . "  It 's so heartening to see strong journalism thrive and grow through such competitions and we 're delighted to support this initiative for German-speaking journalists . "	Claas Relotius wins CNN Journalist of the Year and Best Print awards Report on U.S. inmates learning new skills in order to care for older convicts facing dementia CNN host German journalism awards in Munich Thursday night
CNN  -- The retrial of Egypt 's former president , Hosni Mubarak , on charges of killing protesters during the country 's 2011 revolution and profiteering resumed Saturday before being adjourned until next month . Mubarak was forced from office in February 2011 following two weeks of mass street protests . Following a lengthy trial , he and his former interior minister , Habib al-Adly , were found guilty and sentenced to life in prison last year on charges that they were complicit in the protesters ' killings . After appealing their convictions , they were granted a new trial early this year . Six of Mubarak 's former security aides last year were acquitted of charges related to the killings , and Mubarak 's two sons -- Gamal and Alaa -- were acquitted of corruption charges . But they , too , were ordered to be retried after President Mohamed Morsy , himself ousted this week , ordered a new investigation last year . Mubarak and the other defendants have pleaded not guilty to all charges . Mubarak was present in court Saturday for the fourth session of the retrial , wearing his signature sunglasses . He made his first court appearance in May . The retrial has been adjourned until August 17 , the prosecution said in a statement . A public prosecutor sent Mubarak -- who spent months detained in a military hospital -- back to prison in April . Mubarak 's health has been a bone of contention during his trial and incarceration . He suffered a heart attack after relinquishing power and had maintained that he was physically unfit to stand trial . Mubarak has been held since his guilty verdict last year . He is also charged with seizing public funds and misusing political influence . He also faces a corruption charge that was not part of the original trial . Mubarak is accused of selling natural gas to neighboring Israel for prices below fair market value . The ousted autocratic leader spent three decades in charge of Egypt , the most populous Arab country . Journalist Adam Makary contributed to this report .	NEW : The retrial of former President Hosni Mubarak is adjourned until mid-August The retrial is being held for Mubarak and his sons , as well as a former minister and security aides Mubarak was forced from office in February 2011 following two weeks of mass street protests Mubarak was convicted last year but was granted a retrial after appealing his conviction
CNN  -- French international Karim Benzema scored twice for Real Madrid as Jose Mourinho 's side defeated Racing Santander 3-1 in the Spanish Primera Liga on Sunday . The away victory lifts Real , who were without top-scorer Cristiano Ronaldo , back to within seven points of leaders Barcelona at the top of the table . Emmanuel Adebayor , who is on-loan from Manchester City , tapped home a simple goal to give the visitors the lead after 23 minutes , although the Togo striker was later to miss a penalty kick Benzema , 23 , scored his first of the match after latching onto a through-ball from playmaker Mesut Ozil in the 28th minute . The home side then missed a penalty of their own before Kennedy Bakirciouglu got one back with 20 minutes remaining . Real made sure of the win five minutes later , when Benzema scored his seventh league goal of the season after good work from Argentina winger Angel di Maria . Elsewhere , Athletico Bilbao moved into fifth position after a 2-0 success over Sevilla at San Mames , a victory which ended a run of four successive defeats . An own-goal from Argentine defender Federico Fazio put the Basque side ahead just after the hour mark , before a penalty from Andoni Iraola wrapped up victory with two minutes left . Bilbao leapfrogged Espanyol , who went down 1-0 away to Levante thanks to a first-half goal from Felipe Caicedo . Sporting Gijon earned another three points in their battle against relegation after a 2-0 triumph over Getafe . The match was over by half time thanks to first-half strikes from Miguel de las Cuevas and Andre Castro . Malaga are bottom of the table after a last minute goal from Sergio condemned them to a 1-0 defeat at home to Osasuna , who moved up to 14th position . Meanwhile , Almeria moved above Malaga as they came from behind to win 2-1 at Hercules .	Two goals from Karim Benzema helped Real Madrid to a 3-1 win over Racing Santander The result means Real are seven points behind leaders Barcelona in second place There were also wins for Athletic Bilbao , Levante , Sporting Gijon , Osasuna and Almeria
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  Government forces and rebels in Yemen agreed to a ceasefire Monday after heavy fighting in the capital , Sanaa , Yemen 's interior minister and a rebel official said . That news came after fighting around the presidential palace and came after Yemen 's prime minister went into hiding when attackers shot at him . Nine people were killed and 67 others injured iin the clashes , Yemen 's Health Ministry said . The Yemeni government , a U.S. ally in the battle against al Qaeda , described the fighting as a power grab by rebels known as Houthis , Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country . Turmoil between the two sides is worrisome to the West because a power vacuum in Yemen could benefit al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , a terrorist organization based in Yemen that took credit for the attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo in Paris ; it also tried to blow up a plane landing in Detroit in 2009 . A Houthi delegate , Ali Daghshan , told CNN that the presidential committee had agreed to a deal after hours of negotiations . Interior Minister Jalal Al Rowaishan also confirmed the ceasefire had been reached . There are conflicting accounts of the cause of the clashes . Government officials characterize it as a power grab by the Houthis . Houthis say Yemen 's military attacked people demanding that authorities lift road closures introduced as a security measure after the presidential chief of staff was abducted in Sanaa a few days ago . A Western diplomat in Sanaa told CNN the situation was complex . "  Today 's events appear to be the next stage in Houthi plans to extend their control in Yemen . But there are many players with many agendas . So this has n't finished playing out , " the diplomat said . It is unclear who fired first near the presidential palace Monday . Control of the palace is seen as key to the control of the country . There were reports of government buildings , a hospital and residential buildings being hit . The presidential palace is controlled by the government and mountaintops surrounding the palace are held by rebels known as Houthis , a senior interior ministry official told CNN late Monday . Both sides will remain where they are until a deal is signed , which is expected to happen Tuesday , said the official . The Yemeni information minister told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that government control is "  almost nonexistent . " When asked to described the situation on the ground , Nadia Al-Sakkaf said : "  This is almost a replica of what happened in September , on the 21st of September , when the Houthis came into the city and took over everything , and then there was the peace and partnership agreement , where they pulled back a little bit and allowed a government to be created . " "  Now , since then , the Houthis have not really left the capital . They 've been around with their arms , and what happened is that they 've been interfering in the government 's work , but we were trying to get this country going , " the minister said . The U.N. Security Council will hold a special meeting to discuss Yemen on Tuesday . Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was fired upon when he left a meeting with President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi and the Houthi political group Ansarallah , Al-Sakkaf said . Bahah was unharmed and is now in hiding , she said . "  He is at his place , but currently he has been surrounded by Houthi militias around his place , and they have stationed themselves at rooftops of neighboring buildings . He is worried that the situation might escalate , " said the minister . The senior interior ministry official said the prime minister was inside the Republican palace , some 7 miles  12 kilometers  from the presidential palace . The gunfire came from a Houthi checkpoint near the meeting place , and the attempt to kill the prime minister was a breach on an earlier ceasefire , Al-Sakkaf said . But a senior Houthi official condemned the attack and denied the group had anything to do with it , blaming the attempt on an unnamed third party . Houthis said their convoy had also been fired upon after leaving the talks . Adding to the disputes , the information minister said Yemeni state TV and the state-run Saba news agency are now under the control of the Houthi political movement . But senior Houthi official Ali AlShami denied the movement controlled either news outlet . There are concerns that as Yemen spirals into greater sectarian violence , al Qaeda , a predominantly Sunni group , will gain an even greater foothold there , with more recruits and a base from which to attack other targets . "  This morning , it was so chaotic . They said that nobody knew what was going on and who was in charge , and these are situations where al Qaeda can easily infiltrate and create , " Al-Sakkaf told CNN . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has its home in Yemen , where in recent months , it has come under pressure from Houthi rebels and government forces . But the Charlie Hebdo attack may show the group 's apparent ability to direct operations beyond Yemen 's borders . It is thought likely that one or both of the brothers behind the attack in Paris visited Yemen and received weapons training from AQAP and that one may have met with the group 's former leader . A U.S. official said the United States was monitoring the violence Monday and had sufficient military power nearby to evacuate its embassy "  on short notice " if needed . Al-Sakkaf said gunmen linked to the Houthi political movement attacked the presidential palace in a bid to take control of the symbol of power . Hadi , the President , was not in the building and is safe , Al-Sakkaf said , but government officials were among an unknown number of casualties . Houthi rebels claimed responsibility Saturday for the abduction of presidential Chief of Staff Ahmed bin Mubarak . Al-Sakkaf said Monday 's dispute began when the government tried to implement a security plan as it feared more abductions of key staff . But a top Houthi official said Houthis tried to mediate with the army and asked for roads to be opened for citizens , which led to their people getting attacked . He said they then had to defend themselves . Hadi appointed bin Mubarak as premier in October , but the rebels rejected the nomination . Osama Sari , senior media adviser to the Houthi movement in Yemen , said the Houthis had detained bin Mubarak as a message to the President . It was because the President wanted to introduce a new constitution without the approval of the Houthis , Sari said . The abduction came amid increased tensions in the Arabian Peninsula country after the rise of Shiite Houthi rebels . Houthis swept into the capital last year , sparking battles that left more than 300 dead in a month . In September , Houthis signed a ceasefire deal with the government . Since then , its members have installed themselves in key positions in the government and financial institutions . Hadi was elected President in February 2012 . He was the only candidate on the ballot . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Yemen , and CNN 's Susannah Cullinane wrote from London . CNN 's Madalena Araujo and Richard Roth contributed to this report .	The U.N. Security Council will hold a special meeting to discuss Yemen on Tuesday Yemen 's information minister describes the unfolding events as a bid to seize power Roads were closed as a security measure after the presidential chief of staff was abducted
To get a sense of just how polarizing a figure new media innovator Andrew Breitbart was , get a load of this tweet from Slate 's Matt Yglesias that went out mere hours after the news of Breitbart 's unexpected death at age 43 broke : "  The world outlook is slightly improved with @AndrewBrietbart dead . " Breitbart would relish that sort of venomous barb , not least because it meant that liberals with an uncomplicated mainstream media perspective were taking notice of him and his point of view . That such a churlish and distasteful comment reflects poorly on its author , an establishment blogger with impeccable left of center bona fides , and his Washington Post-owned platform , would simply be icing on the cake . As the creator of the controversial suite of "  Big " sites  including Big Government , Big Journalism , Big Hollywood , and Big Peace  , the man who helped put the nonprofit ACORN in the crosshairs of angry lawmakers who ultimately defunded the organization , and the reason former New York Rep. Anthony Weiner 's crotch shot went viral , Breitbart did n't simply risk the ire of indignant liberals . He insisted on it , even as he was no straight-up social conservative : At the 2011 Conservative Political Action Conference , he protested the banning of the gay-friendly group GOProud by hosting a dance party featuring lesbian singer Sophie B. Hawkins .  Full disclosure : I have blogged in the past for Big Hollywood and Reason.tv posts some of our videos at Big Government . Anyone who tries to reduce his importance to that of a fire-breathing , ax-wielding right-wing hatchet man -- a sort of Sean Hannity Jr. - is going to miss entirely his enduring legacy to the current and future mediascape . For years , his job was to be "  Matt Drudge 's bitch "  his term , which he used in a 2007 Reason interview  , to prowl the Web for links both banal and profound and edit the site that more than any other showed how the Internet could be used to route around information bottlenecks imposed by official spokesmen and legacy news outlets . From Drudge , he went on to help launch the Huffington Post of all things , named for the foreign-born , heavily accented woman who once campaigned for California 's ugly , anti-immigrant Proposition 187 before embracing the gospel according to Howard Zinn , Van Jones , and Bill Maher . Widely misunderstood in its embryonic phase as the worst sort of vanity project -- Arianna Huffington 's celebrity friends lecture the world about livable wages while dropping green-energy manifestos from their private jets -- the Huffington Post is in fact a marvel of open-sourced news gathering and content creation . Though Huffington would later challenge some of Breitbart 's claims about how much of her site sprung fully formed from his brow , she never stinted on the fact that he was intensely interested in creating a new way of conversing about everything that matters to people : "  He was extremely interested in how to have a conversation online -- how to bring together all these interesting voices , " Huffington told Wired 's Noah Shachtman . "  Now it 's , like , so obvious . But at the time , it had never been done . " He pulled off the same stunt with his increasingly influential "  Big " sites -- and in a way that was more suited to his ideological leanings , which tilted not so much toward the right as they did against what he saw as inescapable and underappreciated bias and smugness in the mainstream media . As my colleague Matt Welch , a longtime friend of Breitbart , writes , "  He did n't actually have strong philosophical/policy beliefs -- at all -- and he was always perfectly comfortable and perfectly welcome in ideologically and culturally diverse settings . " From the dozen or so occasions in which I interacted with him , I can attest to the truth of that statement . He had opinions as big as all outdoors and loved to argue about everything -- and on nothing more than the innate superiority of the National League to the American League in baseball  on this , as on many other topics , he was surely wrong  . But the point is that he loved to argue , not to surround himself with people who thought exactly like him . His legacy has nothing to do with whether the Republican party picked up Anthony Weiner 's congressional seat or whether ACORN has been able to renew its funding . It has to do with the ways in which he created new places and spaces to talk about whatever any of us want to talk about . He told Reason in 2004 that after feeling ignored by existing outlets , "  We decided to go out and create our media . " It does n't matter who we is , kemo sabe . It 's the conservatives at Drudge , the liberals at HuffPo , the leftists at DailyKos , the libertarians at Reason . It 's all of us and Breitbart helped create and grow a series of do-it-yourself demonstration projects through which we can all speak more loudly and more fully . Breitbart is dead , but the conversation pits he built will live on for a long , long time . A lot of people theorize about democratizing the public square and bringing new voices and sources into conversations about politics and culture . Breitbart actually did it . It was n't always perfect and it was n't always pretty  ask Shirley Sherrod , the former Department of Agriculture official who sued him for defamation  , but he blazed a path that surely leads to a far richer and more interesting mediascape than the one we all grew up with .	Nick Gillespie says Andrew Brietbart , who died , was polarizing -- and liked it He says Brietbart baited liberals but was not straight-up conservative He says his legacy was creating discussion outlets away from what he saw as smug media Gillespie : His efforts were n't always pretty , but mediascape he grew was more interesting
Editor 's note : Journalist Karl Penhaul spent several weeks tracking the gangs of the Mexican underworld , the corrupt officials who support them and the cops trying to halt the violence . This is the last of three exclusive reports . The first focused on the violent rules gangs live by and the second looked at how gangsters are honored in death . Forensic investigators and federal police dig bodies out of mass graves in the desert near Juarez . JUAREZ , Mexico  CNN  -- Heat waves shimmer over the desert . A team of forensic experts clad in white overalls excavate three shallow graves . The sand gives up nine bodies -- seven men and two women . At least one of the victims ' hands were cuffed behind their back . Others had been trussed up with duct tape . The stale stench reveals that the corpses had been dumped there several days earlier and were decomposing fast . That grisly find in mid-March came a week after thousands more soldiers had been deployed to Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas . The arrival of the soldiers and more federal police agents had coincided with a short lull in the killings . Snapping photos of the scene from behind the police line was Lucio Soria , photographer for Juarez 's main newspaper , El Diario de Juarez , and its sister paper , PM . PM is a perfect example of Mexico 's so-called "  red press , " newspapers that specialize in covering violence . Soria seems like a perfect ambassador . "  I 've gone for a week and a half without taking pictures of dead people . I was thinking ` Hell , what am I going to do ? ' At this rate I 'll end up taking pictures for the social pages , " he said . Soria realizes snapping pictures of blood and gore may seem heartless . But he stays cheerful , cracking dark jokes with colleagues , all while listening to police communications on a radio scanner and searching for clues about where to find the next drug war victim . "  It might seem ugly , but that 's our job , " Soria said . He and fellow photographers have been busy in recent months . Last year , Juarez became the poster city for Mexico 's narco-violence , with more than 1,600 gang killings . Watch musicians play "  narco-ballads " honoring hitmen " This year , Mayor Jose Reyes is trying to turn a page on the killings and make Juarez a showcase for solutions . Military and federal police convoys patrol the streets around the clock . Cops armed with AR-15 assault rifles , identities obscured by ski masks , hang off pickup trucks that speed around in twos and threes . Watch cops round up gang suspects " Soldiers strike a warlike pose behind heavy machine guns mounted on American-made Humvees . Whether it 's working depends on whom you ask and how hard you read between the lines . "  I think this is very effective because it closes transport routes for the movement of -LSB- cartel -RSB- personnel and weapons , " said a state officer , assigned to guide us , at a federal police checkpoint . The officer , known only by his call sign Trojan One , seemed confident . The agent in command of the checkpoint was less convinced . "  Of course organized crime is trying to avoid us . I 'm not sure what methods they use to operate . We do n't know how they work , " said the officer , identifying himself only as Aztec One . On another day we ran into a three-truck federal police operation staking out a house in a middle-class Juarez neighborhood . See photos of police , gang life in Mexico " The commander said his men believed they had made what he termed a "  major " cocaine bust . When I met him they had already been waiting almost 24 hours for a judge to issue a search warrant . When they gained access they discovered some 500 half-gram bags of cocaine . In Juarez those bags sell for around $ 8 . Now do the math , 500 half-gram bags at possibly 60 percent purity means around 150 grams of pure cocaine -- hardly a major strike in the drug war . Reyes ' solution has been to hand the military all civilian police functions , even down to traffic control . Mexico 's military has little experience in urban warfare , little experience in policing and has been unable to shake a decades-old reputation for human rights abuses . When I bump into Reyes at a transfer-of-command ceremony at city hall I ask him what he 's doing about alleged corruption and complicity among politicians and businessmen , who permit the cartels to move their shipments and help launder the proceeds . "  My opinion in Juarez is that that kind of political corruption does not exist , " he said adamantly . Two weeks later , in Monterrey , I caught up with outspoken lawyer Raquenel Villanueva . She knows a thing or two about politicians colluding with Mexico 's mafia . Watch how drug lords pay tribute to a highway bandit , looking for luck " Mexican media have dubbed her the "  devil 's advocate " for her role in defending a string of senior cartel figures and their hitmen . Last year , she was detained for 90 days , accused her of being a member of the Gulf Cartel . She was freed without charge . Throughout her career , she 's survived four assassination attempts and taken 10 bullets , two of them in the head . Her office is crammed with religious iconography : crosses , paintings of the Virgin of Guadalupe and a four-foot-high wooden statue of Saint Jude Thaddeus . Two bullets are encrusted in the effigy after the last attempt on her life in 2000 . "  I know about official corruption and exactly who is doing what because my clients tell me , " she said . "  To win the drug war you have to tell the Americans to take better care of their young people , tell them to stop being so cold and materialistic , " Villanueva lectured . "  Then you have to end corruption and that means changing the government cabinets of half the countries in the world . "	Border city of Juarez last year had more than 1,600 gang killings Mayor turns to military to control trafficking , violence Opinions vary on whether tactics are working Lawyer puts some blame on "  materialistic " Americans
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- An American father jailed in Tokyo has been harshly treated , his attorney said Monday , while Japanese authorities said he is getting "  special " treatment . Christopher Savoie is in jail in Japan after trying to get back his son , Isaac , and daughter , Rebecca . Attorney Jeremy Morley , in a statement released Monday , said Christopher Savoie -- accused of trying to kidnap his children after his ex-wife took them to Japan -- is being held without trial , interrogated without an attorney present and denied needed medical treatment for high blood pressure . Savoie has also been exposed to sleep deprivation , and denied private meetings with attorneys and phone calls to his wife , according to Morley , who said the way his client has been treated amounts to "  torture . " He acknowledged that some of the claims are based on second-hand information from Savoie 's wife , Amy , saying she has communicated with people familiar with her husband 's case . Police in Yanagawa , a rural town in southern Japan where Savoie is being held , denied the allegations in Morley 's statement , saying Savoie gets regular visits by a physician and medicine as prescribed . A Yanagawa police officer , who declined to give his name citing departmental policy , told CNN that Savoie , like any other detainee , has a "  dim " light in his cell for safety , and is assured to get 8 hours of sleep a day . Savoie is being questioned -- with an interpreter -- within the boundaries of Japanese law , which allows for suspects to be interviewed without the presence of an attorney , the officer said . The law also permits several rounds of questioning for hours on end , the officer said . The officer said Savoie is allowed "  frequent " visits with his defense attorney in Japan and is generally given "  special " treatment due to the nature of his case , the officer said . "  If you call this ` torture , ' what can we say ? " the officer said . Savoie , 38 , a Tennessee native and naturalized Japanese citizen , allegedly abducted his two children -- 8-year-old Isaac and 6-year-old Rebecca -- as his ex-wife walked them to school on September 28 in Yanagawa . With the children , Savoie headed for the nearest U.S. consulate , in the city of Fukuoka , to try to obtain passports for them . Screaming at guards to let him in the compound , Savoie was steps away from the front gate but still standing on Japanese soil when he was arrested . Savoie and his first wife , Noriko Savoie , were married for 14 years before their bitter divorce in January . The couple , both citizens of the United States and Japan , lived in Japan , but had moved to the United States before the divorce . Noriko Savoie was given custody of the children and agreed to remain in the United States . Christopher Savoie had visitation rights . During the summer , she fled with the children to Japan , according to court documents . A U.S. court then granted Christopher Savoie sole custody . Japanese law , however , recognizes Noriko Savoie as the primary custodian , regardless of the U.S. court order . The law there also follows a tradition of sole-custody divorces . When a couple splits , one parent typically makes a complete and life-long break from the children . Complicating the matter further is the fact that the couple is still considered married in Japan because they never divorced there , police said . And , Japanese authorities say , the children are Japanese and have Japanese passports .	Official in Japan denies "  torture , " says dad is receiving "  special " treatment Japanese official : Dad gets regular attorney visits , interpreter for interviews Christopher Savoie accused of trying to kidnap his kids after ex-wife fled to Japan Savoie held without trial ; denied medical treatment , says attorney
With Adolf Hitler 's WWII Bavarian mountain retreat set to undergo a multi-million dollar makeover , travel to the onetime lairs and luxury retreats of tyrants is in the spotlight . Many monuments built by megalomaniacs are open to the public . From Tito 's nuclear bunker to Stalin 's summer house to Mussolini 's villa , autocrat hideouts have become tourist attractions . Does visiting places associated with ruthless dictatorships serve as a useful history lesson ? Or is it a disservice to the memories of those who suffered under brutal regimes ? It can be uncomfortable posing for pictures at places where the darkest events of the Third Reich were carried out . Yet the preservation of such sites also serves as an important reminder of historic atrocities . All of these places are easy enough to get to . Whether you actually want to go is another question ... Adolf Hitler : Eagle 's Nest , Bavaria This mountain retreat near the town of Berchtesgaden in the Bavarian Alps was originally a place where Hitler could receive visiting dignitaries . The chalet is reached via a 124-meter elevator drilled into the mountain . On the same mountain , a backup Nazi command base -- the Berghof -- was destroyed by Allied bombing . The Eagle 's Nest  Kehlsteinhaus , in German  , however , is still open as a restaurant and information center -- and a $ 22.5 million upgrade has recently been announced . Visitors reach the house by ascending through the mountain in Hitler 's brass elevator car Kehlsteinhaus  +49 8652 2029 ; $ 21.50 / $ 28 per person  . The official website has directions for reaching Berchtesgaden and the Eagle 's Nest by car and bus . Josef Stalin 's Dacha , Sochi , Russia On the outskirts of the Russian Black Sea resort town of Sochi -- host of the 2014 Winter Olympics -- sits Joe Stalin 's summer residence . Purpose built , complete with palm trees imported from California and sniper emplacements , this was Stalin 's favorite escape from Moscow . It 's now a small and somewhat uncomfortable museum , where a waxwork of the mass-murdering Soviet leader can be found sitting at his old desk . Tours booked via Tours By Locals . Stalin 's summer dacha , Kurortnyj pr . 120 , Sochi ; +7 8622 970 502 Benito Mussolini : Villa Torlonia , Rome The neo-classical Villa Torlonia was Benito Mussolini 's residence between 1925 and 1943 . The Italian dictator installed a tennis court and hosted movie screenings here . Now home to a cluster of museums , the Documentation section in the basement shows films from the villa 's time under Mussolini . Elsewhere , it 's sculpture , stained glass and city archives with barely a mention of Il Duce 's home comforts . Villa Torlonia Museum , Via Nomentana 70 , Rome ; Tuesday-Sunday , 9 a.m.-7 p.m. ; tickets from $ 8  $ 10.50 Francisco Franco : Palacio Real del Pardo , Madrid The Spanish equivalent of Villa Torlonia is the Palacio Real del Pardo , where General Francisco Franco hunkered down for much of his iron-fisted rule . The hilltop hideaway is now used for keeping visiting heads of state out of harm 's way , but when no dignitaries are in town , it can be visited as part of a guided tour . Anecdotes about Franco 's home life are conspicuous by their absence . El Pardo Royal Palace , Calle Manuel Alonso , Madrid ; +34 913 761 500 ; Monday-Sunday , 10 a.m-8 p.m. from April-September ; 10 a.m.-6 p.m. from October-March ; tickets $ 9 Napoleon Bonaparte : Château de Fontainebleau , France In one of his more egotistical moments , Napoleon decided to spend a fortune revamping the disheveled Château de Fontainebleau . He wanted the property , about 55 kilometers from central Paris , to top the Palace of Versailles -- which had hated royal associations . The emperor had his imperial court at Fontainebleau -- more than 1,000 people could stay in the chateau at one time -- and most of the decor and furnishing dates to Napoleon 's era . Château de Fontainebleau Museum , 77300 Fontainebleau ; + 33 01 60 71 50 70 ; open every day except Tuesday , from 9.30 a.m.-5-6 p.m. ; $ 11 Josip Tito : Facility D-0 ARK , Bosnia Former Yugoslav strongman Josip Tito 's bunker in Konjic , Bosnia , was built as a control center for military operations and an atomic shelter for the president and his family . A labyrinth of underground tunnels , meeting rooms and residential quarters , Facility D-0 ARK was kept secret until the 1990s . Now , for one summer only , it 's been turned into an art project . Project Biennale has filled the gloomy corridors with dozens of art installations . D-O ARK Underground ; tours on special buses only on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays until September 26 , 2013 , departing from the town of Konjic ; +387 61 726 030 King Zog : St. Katharine 's Parmoor , England After being kicked out of Albania in 1939 , Albania 's autocratic King Zog settled in London 's Ritz Hotel before moving to Parmoor House in Buckinghamshire for nearly five years . The former farmhouse is now St. Katharine 's Parmoor -- a religious retreat , usually booked out by groups on weekends , but letting rooms to individuals during the week . There 's little regal grandeur -- just frugal , unfussy rooms and chickens running round the gardens . St. Katharine 's Parmoor , Frieth , Henley-on-Thames ; +44  0  1494 881 037 Adolf Hitler : Wolf 's Lair , Poland Deliberately built miles from civilization in the forests of northeastern Poland , Wolf 's Lair was the Nazis ' 6.5-square-kilometer eastern front HQ . Hitler spent nearly three years here in total ; it was also the site of the infamous Stauffenberg assassination plot -- which only failed because the meeting room was switched at the last minute . One of the buildings in the complex is now a hotel  rooms from $ 38  that offers dubious on-site activities such as a shooting range and tours in military vehicles . Wolf 's Lair , Gierłoż , 11-400 Ketrzyn ; +48 89 752 44 29 ; sightseeing from 8 a.m until dusk , $ 5 per person	Hitler 's alpine bolthole getting multi-million dollar upgrade Josef Stalin 's retreat is in the resort town of Sochi , host of the 2014 Winter Olympics After leaving Albania in 1939 , Albania 's King Zog settled in Parmoor House in Buckinghamshire Napoleon 's digs are on view at Château de Fontainebleau
CNN  The quaint town of Dunblane , Scotland , has been set abuzz by the wedding of tennis legend Andy Murray to his long-term girlfriend , Kim Sears . Saturday 's event -- dubbed "  the royal wedding of Scotland " -- took place at Dunblane Cathedral , with cheering crowds spilling onto the streets to support their home-grown talent . The grand slam and Olympic champion donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt , while his bride dazzled in a vintage-style gown by British designer Jenny Packham . The people of Dunblane braved wind , rain and even snow to catch a glimpse of the happy couple , having seen Murray grow from a young boy into a British sporting legend . "  Absolutely fabulous to see them today , especially Andy coming back to his hometown , " said one lady in the crowd . "  He 's a hero . He 's done something that all local boys would really strive to do . He 's a superstar , " added another . The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year . Before the ceremony , and understandably lost for words , Murray resorted to a series of emoticons to sum up his excitement for the day . Fellow tennis veteran Rafael Nadal and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon posted their congratulatory messages on Twitter . But any plans for a honeymoon have been put on hold as the world number three returns to tournament action next week .	UK tennis star Andy Murray wed his long-term girlfriend , Kim Sears , in Dunblane , Scotland Saturday 's event has been dubbed "  the royal wedding of Scotland "
CNN  -- Police have identified human remains found buried under recently added concrete at a home in Plant City , Florida , as missing lottery millionaire Abraham Shakespeare , police said Friday . Dr. Dollete White of the Hillsborough County Medical Examiner 's Office made the identification . CNN affiliate WTSP reported that the remains were identified from fingerprints . The full results of an autopsy should be ready Monday , the medical examiner 's office said , noting that it will work through the weekend to try to discover the cause of death . The Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office called in an anthropologist from the University of South Florida to assist during the dig . Debbie Carter with the sheriff 's office said , "  it took so long because investigators only removed 4 inches of dirt at a time so to not disturb any possible evidence . " Deputies made the discovery of remains Thursday after a tip came in , suggesting that investigators would find a body near a home in Plant City , according to CNN affiliate WFTV . However , Hillsborough County Sheriff David Gee said the investigation and information specifically led authorities to the area after they began to believe that he might be dead because of "  sinister means and motives . " "  Our indications were it would be there , " Gee said Thursday night . Police scanned the newly finished concrete slabs near the home on Wednesday and removed them . On Thursday , Gee said that they discovered the remains buried 5 feet below the surface and that it appeared they had been there for a while . Shakespeare , a 43-year-old truck driver , won a $ 31 million Florida lottery prize in 2006 . A year later , he won a court challenge from a fellow trucker who accused Shakespeare of snatching the winning ticket out of his wallet while the two were delivering meat to Miami restaurants . Shakespeare 's family reported him missing November 9 , telling the Polk County sheriff 's office that they had n't seen him since April . Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said that when his investigation began , authorities had hoped to find Shakespeare alive "  and he truly had just wanted to hide from those who were asking him for money . " "  As our investigation continued , the information we developed led us to believe he may very well have ended up with an untimely death , " Judd said . Both Judd and Gee would not comment on whether anything else was found inside the man-made grave or whether a previous person of interest was connected to the area . The home , according to WFTV , belongs to the boyfriend of a person of interest in the disappearance of Shakespeare . Police said they were now shifting their focus to a murder investigation . "  It 's painfully obvious he did n't get there by himself , " Judd said . Gee said police from Polk and Hillsborough counties were already working with prosecutors on the case and hope to bring to justice the person responsible for what they say is clearly cold-blooded murder . "  Somebody put that body in that hole , " Gee said . "  This is n't by any means just where we find someone on the side of the road . Somebody has obviously put him there . " CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	NEW : Remains identified by fingerprints ; autopsy results ready Monday Remains are ex-truck driver Abraham Shakespeare Remains buried 5 feet below recently added concrete in Plant City , Florida Shakespeare disappeared two years after he won $ 31 million
CNN  A Los Angeles police officer wanted on murder charges "  should be considered armed and dangerous , " according to authorities . Police in Pomona , California -- about 30 miles east of L.A -- issued an arrest warrant Monday for Henry Solis , an LAPD rookie , in the shooting death of a local man over the weekend . According to witnesses , shots were fired in the predawn hours Saturday after a struggle between a shooter and a victim before a compact car was seen rushing off . The victim -- identified as 23-year-old Salome Rodriguez Jr. -- later died at a Los Angeles hospital . Investigators looking for clues discovered an abandoned car about three blocks away from the scene that belonged to Solis . Authorities soon began looking for the 27-year-old cop to question him , but so far , he has not turned up . "  The suspect knows he is wanted , and that police are actively searching for him. , " Pomona police said in a statement . The LAPD is helping them look for him . Solis , who is still in his probationary phase , was off duty when the killing happened and has not reported back since . Police have not said how Solis may have been involved in the killing , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . Residents have built a memorial to Rodriguez , a trucker , at the street corner where he collapsed . Sunday afternoon , they held a vigil and played his favorite songs . They said he put God and family first . "  He was just sweet , " Sandra Soto told KTLA . "  He was my best friend . " CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Arrest warrant issued for LAPD officer on murder charges Police found an odd clue blocks from a shooting scene -- the officer 's abandoned car
Menlo Park , California  CNN  -- The search feature on Facebook has traditionally been pretty limited . You type in a name of a person or a business , and it pulls up their Facebook page . But that 's about to change . On Tuesday , Facebook introduced an upgraded search tool , called Graph Search , that will scour the massive social network to answer more sophisticated questions . Want to find buddies of your pal Chris who went to Stanford and live in Chicago ? No problem . People who like tennis and live nearby ? Here you go . How about photos of Berlin from 1989 ? Done . "  This is one of the coolest things we 've done in a while , " Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg said at a press event at the company 's headquarters . Since it became a public company last year , Facebook has been under pressure to launch exciting new products , especially for mobile , that will help boost its floundering stock price . CNNMoney : Yelp stock falls 8 % on Facebook Graph Search news Facebook said Graph Search is launching immediately in beta , although users will need to get on a waitlist to gain access . The company will continue tweaking the product based on feedback from beta users , but Zuckerberg said there 's no concrete estimate for how long the rollout will take . For now , Graph Search 's functions will be limited . It focuses on four main areas : people , photos , places and interests . More features will be added as they are developed , Zuckerberg said . "  This is a beta product . We focused on a few use cases that we think are good , " he said . "  Even as an early product , Graph Search is a completely new way for people to get information on Facebook . " Graph Search delves the wealth of data already inside Facebook , pulled from 1 billion profiles , 24 billion photos and 1 trillion connections . The tool indexes all of this content and works through the main search bar you 're already familiar with at the top of your Facebook profile . For now there is no mobile version , it does n't loop in Instagram , there 's no API  which would allow outside developers to build related apps  , and it 's only in English . The searches are natural language , which means you type the question just like you 'd say it : "  Friends who like cats and ` Alias ' " or "  Podiatrists in San Francisco my friends like . " You can use Graph Search to track down people you just met  "  people named Rebecca who work at Chipotle and are friends with Peter "  , to look for job candidates  "  friends of co-workers who have been programmers  , and to play yenta for your single friends  "  Friends of friends who are single men and live in Los Angeles "  . Other searches could be useful for business recommendations . You can find doctors , or restaurants , based on friends ' endorsements . For example , if you wanted good Indian food in San Francisco , you might search for "  Indian restaurants in San Francisco liked by my friends from India . " The results pull in practical information as well , such as reviews and prices . The first concern people tend to have after any Facebook announcement is , how will this impact my privacy ? Facebook says Graph Search will return only content that has been shared with you . "  We take this really seriously , " Zuckerberg said . If you search for something outside Graph Search 's purview , it will return search results from Microsoft 's Bing search engine . The two companies have worked together before on integrating social search into Bing . But Graph Search probably wo n't pose a threat to Google anytime soon . "  I do n't necessarily think that people are going to start coming to Facebook to do Web searches with this , " Zuckerberg said . For now , the company will not be working with Google on search functions , Zuckerberg said , adding that Google is not able to process Facebook updates as quickly as Facebook users might like . For example , if you unfriend someone , you might assume they would be blocked right away from seeing your personal data . But that might take more time with a Google-powered search , he said . While the timing was the big issue during negotiations with Google , "  it may have been a symptom of a bigger strategic rift " between the companies , Zuckerberg said .	Facebook introduces upgraded search tool called Graph Search Graph Search will let users search in more detail for people , photos , places and interests For example , it could show you photos of Berlin from 1989 Mark Zuckerberg : "  This is one of the coolest things we 've done in a while "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A staged news conference during the California wildfires last month claimed the job of a second Federal Emergency Management Agency press official , as a review of the incident revealed "  a calamity of bad decision-making . " Aaron Walker , press secretary for FEMA , submitted his resignation to the administration 's chief David Paulison Wednesday afternoon , according to a FEMA official . The official would not say whether Walker was asked to resign or did so voluntarily . His resignation becomes effective in early December . The official said Walker and John "  Pat " Philbin , who was FEMA 's director of external affairs , bore the "  greatest degree of responsibility for the planning and execution " of the news conference . "  They had the greatest ability to stop that train from going down the track , and they did n't , " said the official . Philbin left his job two days after the news conference to become head of public affairs for the Director of National Intelligence , Mike McConnell . That job offer , however , was rescinded as Philbin 's role in the press conference became clearer . FEMA officials hurriedly called a press conference on October 23 , giving media outlets only a few minutes notice . When no reporters were present for the conference , FEMA staffers asked questions of the agency 's No. 2 official , Harvey Johnson . Reporters were allowed to call in for the conference , but they were kept in listen-only mode and not allowed to ask questions . In a phone interview with CNN Wednesday , Philbin said , "  It happened on my watch . I should have known better . I should have done more . " Philbin blamed a series of bad decisions . "  It was n't done maliciously , " he said . A just-completed review of events leading up to the press conference reached the same conclusion . "  There was no indication of malicious intent ... or any preconceived effort to deceive the media or the public , " Russ Knocke , the Department of Homeland Security official who conducted the review , told CNN . Instead , Knock said , there was "  a calamity of bad decision-making . " The review uncovered an email sent by an unnamed staffer just minutes before the press conference telling employees of the FEMA press office to fill the empty seats in the auditorium and "  spur discussion . " In addition , as the press conference began , a member of FEMA 's senior staff encouraged and even instructed other FEMA staffers to ask questions . Philbin said he is not that senior staff member . No one tried to stop the session , said Knocke , even though some employees did have misgivings . The review also discovered that the email advisory notifying the press of the news conference was delayed for about nine minutes while officials tried to confirm satellite coordinates for a live broadcast of the event . Software glitches further delayed the email 's transmission , and some reporters only got the advisory at around the time the press conference was scheduled to begin , the review found . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff called the faux press conference "  one of the dumbest and most inappropriate things I 've seen since I 've been in government . " The incident prompted FEMA to issue new guidelines for dealing with the news media intended to prevent the incident from happening again . The new Standard Operating Procedures , issued Friday , bar government employees from asking questions at "  any Agency organized press event . " They also call for notification of the media at least two hours -- "  but at a minimum , no less than one hour " -- prior to the start of a news conference . The new procedures also require two-way conference lines for media use when possible and say that "  listen-only " lines will never be used . Knocke said employees of the FEMA press office will also be receiving training from public relations and press organizations on various subjects , including ethics . E-mail to a friend	Aaron Walker , press secretary for FEMA , gave his resignation Wednesday He is the second FEMA press official to leave after fake news conference FEMA officials held a fake presser during California wildfires John "  Pat " Philbin , FEMA 's director of external affairs , also left his job
