CNN  -- Naloxone . It 's the name of a potentially lifesaving drug designed to reverse opioid prescription drug and heroin overdoses . In one case last month , a pair of New York City police officers put it to the test and saw it work . "  We used the naloxone , we injected it into his nose , shortly ... after about 20 to 30 seconds , he ... started breathing and his eyes opened , " NYPD officer Kevin Kouroupos told CNN . Heroin-related deaths increased 84 % from 2010 to 2012 in New York City and involved 52 % of all overdose deaths in 2012 , according to the city 's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . The problem is particularly bad on Staten Island , where the death rate from overdoses is almost three times higher than the rest of New York City , according to the agency . "  I do think that every police officer should have it , " Kouroupos said . As part of a pilot program launched in December , a group of NYPD officers on Staten Island is armed with naloxone nasal spray and trained to use it at the sign of an overdose . "  The pilot was selected for Staten Island where the mortality rate from overdose is 7.4 per 100,000 compared to 2.4 per 100,000 citywide , " New York City 's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene said in a news release Thursday . Long Island sees exploding heroin use This marks a greater push across the nation to get naloxone in the hands of first-line responders , emergency medical technicians and other overdose witnesses . That effort has gotten a lot more attention since the death of actor Philip Seymour Hoffman , who overdosed on heroin on February 2 . As of 2010 , naloxone was distributed in 15 states and the District of Columbia . Notable cities and states that use it include Baltimore and Chicago , and New Mexico , Massachusetts , Michigan , California and New York , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Naloxone distribution programs train potential overdose witnesses to correctly recognize an overdose and administer the drug , enabling bystanders to save more lives . "  You need to have somebody else there to actually give the medication , " Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent , said on "  Erin Burnett OutFront " on Tuesday . "  The kit is a couple vial syringes , and it comes with instructions . " The Department of Health recommends administering naloxone directly to an individual overdosing after calling 911 and checking for breathing . The overdose antidote can be administered via needle or as a nasal spray . "  The goal is get these in the hands of people who might potentially benefit from them , " Gupta said . From 1996 to 2010 , more than 53,000 people were trained in naloxone administration and overdose response , and more than 10,000 lives have been saved because of overdose reversals , as reported by the CDC in 2012 . Naloxone is funded by city and state health departments , which then distribute the antidote through hospitals and community-based programs at no cost , according to the CDC . Community-based programs include San Francisco 's Drug Overdose Prevention and Education Project and Massachusetts ' Overdose Education and Naloxone Distribution . Initiatives to expand the availability of naloxone are under way as the uptick in heroin use reverberates nationally . Since 2012 , the Food and Drug Administration has publicly discussed making naloxone for over-the-counter use in hopes of reducing overdose fatalities . On Tuesday , a new bill was introduced in the New York State Legislature to allow health care professionals to prescribe naloxone to a person at risk of experiencing an overdose , or to a family member , friend or other overdose witness . What is naloxone , and how does it work ? When someone takes heroin , the drug locks on to receptors in the brain , slows the body down and disrupts breathing , Gupta said . Naloxone can rapidly free up those receptors and restore consciousness and normal breathing , essentially bringing the overdose victim back to life . More on just how heroin can turn you into a corpse First approved by the FDA in 1971 , naloxone has been used safely and effectively for more than 40 years in ambulances and emergency rooms across the country , according to the Drug Policy Alliance . Every day in the United States , 105 people die as a result of drug overdoses involving heroin or pharmaceutical opioids , according to the CDC . With more than 30,000 deaths annually , accidental overdose has overtaken car accidents as our country 's leading cause of accidental death for people 25 to 64 , as reported by the CDC . In Portsmouth , New Hampshire , a town of just 22,000 residents , three overdoses were reported in just 24 hours earlier this month . One of the overdoses resulted in a death , said Capt. Mike Schwartz of the Portsmouth Police Department . In January , at least 22 people in western Pennsylvania died after using heroin that had been mixed with fentanyl , a powerful narcotic used to treat cancer patients ' pain , CNN 's Rosa Flores reported . The drug cocktails were being sold under harmless-sounding names , such as "  Theraflu " and "  Bud Ice . " At the start of the New Year , Gov. Peter Shumlin of Vermont devoted his 2014 State of the State address to the state 's heroin problem , calling on law enforcement , medical personnel and Vermont families "  to take action before the quality of life that we cherish so much is compromised . " South Beach-Tottenville on Staten Island was among the five New York City neighborhoods with the highest rate of heroin poisoning deaths from 2011 to 2012 , according to a Health Department report from September 2013 . "  The problem is so mainstream . This is Main Street . This is Staten Island here . It knows no boundaries , " Luke Nasta told CNN . He 's the executive director of the Camelot residential rehabilitation program on Staten Island , which also sponsors rehab programs throughout New York 's five boroughs . So how did the problem rise to epidemic proportions ? These days , heroin is a cheaper alternative to opioids , according to the NYC Department of Health . The nationwide crackdown on prescription pill abuse has made those drugs harder and more expensive to get . As a result , heroin has become a common substitute for prescription pills . Nasta suggests this is the reason why heroin use has skyrocketed on Staten Island . "  It 's worse because the prescription opioid pill problem was worse -- so that morphs into heroin addiction , " Nasta told CNN . "  In 2012 , doctors and law enforcement tightened up on doctor shopping and the availability of prescription drugs -- people moved to heroin . As early as 2012 , we saw a reduction in overdose deaths for prescription opioids , but the heroin overdose rate went up dramatically . " Nasta says every five days , someone on Staten Island dies from an unintentional heroin overdose . One in 10 overdoses results in death , he says . "  As they tighten up on the prescription drugs , the heroin marketers put out a product that is potent and inexpensive , " Nasta said . "  The person who is accustomed to getting opiate pills from friends , in a single-family house , are now strapping and putting in a hypodermic needle . Their whole world changes . " And the typical user group is not one you 'd expect , he says . "  You have a high school tennis player , with a seriously hurt elbow or ankle -- and there you go , here 's 90 heroin tablets , good luck . " Nasta says friends and family members of addicts should all have naloxone and be prepared to use it . "  It 's not going to address the problem , but it will save some lives . " Are users thinking about naloxone ? It 's difficult to determine whether users have considered naloxone as a fail-safe for continued drug abuse . But one addict in recovery says he never thought about the possibility of overdosing while using . "  I mean , I knew about the naloxone , but I just did n't think overdose would happen to me -- so I was n't really too worried about it when I was using . " For a third time now , Nick , who asked not to share his last name , is in rehab for a heroin addiction that has ruled his life . He never stopped to think it could actually end his life . "  I did n't think about overdosing . I wanted to get high , you know , any means to get it or do it , " the 22-year-old told CNN as he reflected in the common room at the Camelot residential rehab facility . Nick began using at 15 . "  I was using marijuana at first and then over time became curious about other things , and I started using prescription painkillers . I was using those for about two years , and then I had switched over to heroin because the pills were getting harder to find and very expensive -- and heroin was half the price and did the same job . " he explained . Nick says he 'll fight to stay clean when he leaves rehab in the next three months . "  I have a lot of goals that I set for myself that I would love to accomplish , and I want to see myself very successful when I get older . " If he can , he 'd like to go to college . He says he wishes more addicts had his opportunity to recover . Hoffman case : Are heroin death probes created equal ?	There 's a proven antidote that can save lives during a heroin overdose : naloxone New York City has been hit hard by heroin use , and officers say naloxone has saved lives Food and Drug Administration has discussed making naloxone for over-the-counter use There 's a greater push to get naloxone in the hands of first-line responders nationwide
CNN  -- The baseball players posed for a team photo of sorts -- but the signs they held had nothing to do with home runs or striking out . Two of them toted a Venezuelan flag with "  SOS " scrawled across the top . One knelt in front with a sign that said "  Pray for Venezuela . " Another held a banner that read , "  Lejos pero no ausentes "  far away but not absent  . The Detroit Tigers teammates snapped the photo last week in a locker room in Lakeland , Florida , their spring training base . A group of New York Mets posed for a similar shot this week , holding Venezuelan flags as they stood beside a baseball diamond in Port St. Lucie , Florida . They may be rivals on the field , but the players from both teams share something in common : concern about events unfolding in their homeland , more than 1,500 miles away . Weeks of massive street protests in Venezuela have left at least 13 people dead , more than 100 injured , and dozens detained after clashes between members of the opposition , backers of the government , law enforcement and armed groups . "  We are really worried about what 's going on there , " said Wilmer Flores , a 22-year-old infielder for the Mets . "  I have all my family there . All my friends are there . " He hails from Valencia , Venezuela , where the death of a beauty queen who was shot in the head during protests made international headlines . He said he 's warned his family members not to go outside as protests rage . "  From here , supporting VENEZUELA , " Tigers slugger Miguel Cabrera -- who 's from Maracay , Venezuela -- posted as he tweeted the photo with his teammates . "  From here all united for Venezuela , " Tigers infield coach Omar Vizquel wrote when he shared the photo . Baseball is also a national pastime in the South American nation . And statistics show that Venezuelans represent the second largest group of foreign players in Major League Baseball . The Mets have three Venezuelan players and a coach . On the Tigers ' 40-man roster this year , 10 players are from Venezuela . And when the players speak out , people listen . The Tigers photo has been re-tweeted nearly 10,000 times since Cabrera shared it , and more than 16,000 times from Vizquel 's account . Some praised the players for their courage . But not all the responses were positive . Some described them as hypocrites , slammed them for seeming to take sides or criticized them for not taking a firm enough stance . In the polarized world of Venezuelan politics , there are no referees who step in to break up a fight . "  Now no one can have an opinion . If you support someone , others attack you , and vice versa . And if you are neutral , you are not Venezuelan , " Cabrera wrote back in response . "  What a sad reality . " Some players ' online posts have included the #SOSVenezuela tag used by members of the opposition to draw attention to Venezuela 's crisis . Others have said they are n't taking a political stand -- just pushing for peace . The posts have drawn a response from Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro himself . In televised remarks , he implied that players were n't expressing their true feelings . "  Venezuelan Major League players are being pressured to appear in portraits that say SOS Venezuela , " Maduro said . "  The owners of the Major League teams have pressured our men . " Vizquel did n't mince words when he fired back on Twitter . "  The only pressure we have is winning games , hitting and catching , " he wrote . "  Sensibility and feelings are not pressured . " The face of one Mets coach , Edgardo Alfonzo , normally lights up when he talks about his home country . But now , weighing the situation , he says he 's overcome with sadness and feeling tense . "  We never thought we were going to get where we are today . ... You feel so impotent not being able to do anything from here , just supporting our families and the Venezuelan people . And really , for all these people who have lost family members , it is so hard , " he said . "  Everyone is worried . It 's like a ticking time bomb . Really , you do n't want it to continue . You want it to stop , once and for all . " It 's not just baseball players and coaches speaking out about Venezuela . Miami Heat basketball player Chris Bosh tweeted a photo of his shoes during a game on Sunday , with "  SOS Venezuela " written in white above the Nike swoosh . Bosh told Bleacher Report he 'd been discussing the crisis with his wife , who 's half Venezuelan . "  Kind of brushing up on it in the past week , " he said . "  Crazy . Government kind of stopping everything . Inflation . Exports and imports have pretty much stopped . I know a couple of people that just came down from there , and work for me , and it 's just bad . You go to the grocery store , and there 's no groceries . No medicine . " Many Venezuelan baseball players say they hope to use their popularity and the popularity of their sport to send a message of peace that goes beyond politics . They believe baseball is a sport that can bring people together , and they hope that their message is heard by the international community , as well as back at home . "  We 're trying to promote peace , " Alfonzo said . "  Because , to be an athlete , I think a lot of young people look up to us . That 's the way we can help . " There 's only one thing Alfonzo says he wants for his country : peace . "  Just pray for Venezuela , " he said . "  That 's all we ask . " CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Venezuelan MLB players say they 're worried about events unfolding at home Athletes share photos on social media expressing support for their country Some use #SOSVenezuela , used by opposition to draw attention to the crisis
Washington  CNN  -- After a five-week summer recess , Congress returns to a long list of unfinished business , but with 57 left days before Election Day , it 's likely it will tackle only the bare minimum in its short fall session . The one must-pass measure -- a short-term continuing resolution to fund federal agencies -- will avoid any pre-election talk of a government shutdown , with which neither party wants to be tagged . Republican and Democratic leaders struck a deal this summer on a six-month bill , but both chambers still need to pass the legislation before government funding expires at the end of this month . The House is expected vote on the bill Thursday , and two GOP leadership aides predict it will get a sizable bipartisan majority . A senior Senate Democratic aide tells CNN the Senate is expected to approve the measure next week . Rep. Kevin McCarthy , the third-ranking GOP leader in the House , did not directly answer whether a majority of House Republicans would vote for the stopgap spending bill , but said , "  I expect that bill to be a bipartisan vote , and I expect the Senate to pass it as well and not add anything to it . " What could move -- It 's possible that GOP and Democratic leaders could work out a deal on a farm bill to reform agriculture programs and provide some relief to drought-stricken states -- or at least agree to another short-term extension of the current law , according to multiple congressional aides . If they ca n't reconcile differences between the two varying approaches taken by the House and Senate , some money for drought assistance , plus some money for states affected by recent natural disasters , could be tacked onto the spending bill . McCarthy , who represents some agricultural interests in his California district , told reporters Monday he 's still pressing to pass a bill before the election . He acknowledged to reporters on Capitol Hill that "  the time frame is tough , " but "  it 's our intent to get it done . " Long , hot summer sends food prices soaring -- The Senate will return and work on a veterans jobs bill this week . Senate Democrats are also considering action this month on a housing bill that President Barack Obama included on his congressional "  to do " list earlier this summer , but House Republicans have n't expressed any desire to act on it . -- Some key provisions of the federal wiretapping bill known as FISA that was created after the 9/11 terror attacks under President George W. Bush are due to expire at the end of the year , and Congress is expected to pass an extension of the current law . House Republicans have slated a vote this week to renew the current law for another five years . Likely to be punted The roughly eight-week sprint to Election Day means several major measures that lawmakers have failed to make any progress on over the summer will continue to languish on Capitol Hill . These include some issues that both parties say they want to address but will have little motivation to compromise on : The renewal of the Violence Against Women Act , a bill providing new cybersecurity protections and legislation to reform the postal service , which recently defaulted on payments to the Treasury Department for employee health plans . In each case , the proposal favored by the GOP-led House is at odds with the bills in the Democrat-controlled Senate . A divided Congress means these issues will be punted into the lame duck session after the election , or even postponed until next year . Less legislating and more campaign messaging While there wo n't be much legislating , congressional aides say the messages from leaders and rank-and-file members on Capitol Hill will echo the campaign themes of Obama and GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney , particularly when it comes to the economy and jobs . On his first post-convention stop in New Hampshire on Friday , Obama prodded voters to urge Congress to pass his jobs legislation . "  If the Republicans are serious about being concerned about joblessness , we could create a million new jobs right now if Congress would pass the jobs plan that I sent to them a year ago -- jobs for teachers , jobs for construction workers , jobs for folks who have been looking for work for a long time . We can do that , " Obama said . Kevin Smith , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , emphasized that the House GOP has already approved legislation aimed at helping the economy . "  The House has done its job . We 've passed more than 30 jobs bills . " CNNMoney : August jobs report comes in weak Noting that House Republicans have also passed a bill to undo the automatic spending cuts scheduled to go into effect in January and extend all the current tax rates , Smith added , "  We are ready to act on all of those measures if the president and Senate Democrats would show some courage to work with on those things with us . " Romney continues to highlight the Obama administration 's failed loan to the now-bankrupt energy company Solyndra . House Republicans will keep the issue out front with a vote this week on a bill to eliminate the federal loan guarantee program that funded several energy start-ups . Dubbed the "  No more Solyndras Act , " the GOP bill is expected to pass mostly along party lines , but wo n't move in the Senate . One open question is whether GOP vice presidential nominee Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin will return to the Capitol for any part of the September session . Under Wisconsin law , Ryan is allowed to also run for his House seat , so he may feel pressure to take a break from barnstorming battleground states to vote on the bipartisan deal to keep the government funded . McCarthy told reporters Monday that Ryan would be back in Washington on Thursday to vote on the continuing resolution , and a Romney campaign official confirmed that . The six-month spending bill keeps the government funded at the level agreed to in last summer 's debt deal -- $ 1.047 trillion . But after criticism from a bloc of conservative House Republicans that the deal did n't cut spending fast enough , Ryan introduced a budget that moved the overall spending level about $ 20 billion lower to $ 1.028 trillion . That budget passed the House , but was immediately rejected by Senate Democrats as violating the bipartisan debt deal . Asked how Ryan would vote this week on the funding bill , McCarthy initially told reporters he expected Ryan to support it , but when pressed about the spending level , he said he had indications his GOP colleague would vote for it , but he could n't speak for other members . An aide to Ryan did not respond when asked by CNN whether the congressman planned to vote for the six-month spending bill . What wo n't get done -- a deal to avoid the ` fiscal cliff ' Congress faces a "  fiscal cliff " at the end of this year -- the combination of the deep automatic cuts to federal agencies scheduled to go into effect in January that were part of last summer 's debt deal and the expiration of the "  Bush era " tax cuts at the end of December . Economists and budget experts warn that a failure by the divided Congress to come to some agreement on significant deficit reduction and tax policy before the end of the year could trigger another recession . But neither side expects anything more than symbolic action on those issues until after the election . New Woodward book goes in depth on debt battle On Friday , the White House missed a deadline to submit a report to Congress that details which government programs would face cuts as part of the sequestration in January , but White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters the report would go to the Hill this week . House Republicans passed a plan earlier this year without any Democratic support that shielded the Defense Department from any cuts and replaced the across-the-board reductions prescribed in the debt deal with other mandatory spending cuts to food stamp and other domestic programs . Although the majority of House Republicans voted for these spending cuts that were included in last summer 's compromise to raise the debt ceiling , there has been a GOP push in recent months to blame the Obama administration and paint Democrats as responsible for any impact the cuts would have on the military . Over the weekend , Romney criticized Obama for proposing the cuts as a mechanism to broker the debt deal , saying "  it was a mistake for Republicans to go along with it . " Romney explains why he thinks GOP made mistake To reinforce that they now oppose the massive cuts to the military that sequestration would set in motion , the House GOP is scheduling another vote on the issue next week . The new bill would replace the mandatory cuts with their alternate set of reductions and again calls for the White House to explain how it will implement spending reductions . Perhaps what promises to be the only truly bipartisan moment in Congress this fall is this Tuesday 's ceremony to mark the 11th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks . As has become custom each year on the date , House and Senate leaders from both parties will assemble on the Capitol steps to sing "  God Bless America . " That 9/11 ceremony , along with two others awarding Congressional Gold Medals to golf great Arnold Palmer and Burmese human rights activist Aung San Suu Kyi , will be rare breaks from the heated campaign rhetoric on Capitol Hill that 's aimed at influencing voters ' choices in November .	Congress returns from five-week recess with just 57 days until election A short-term continuing resolution to fund federal agencies is expected to pass Violence Against Women Act , cybersecurity bill likely to be punted It 's possible GOP and Democratic leaders could work out a deal on a farm bill
CNN  -- One of the worst-kept secrets in tech has been confirmed : Apple will hold an event October 23 in San Jose , California , at which the company is widely expected to unveil a smaller , cheaper version of its popular iPad . Apple sent e-mails to members of the press Tuesday that read simply , "  We 've got a little more to show you . Please join us for an invitation-only event at the California Theatre in San Jose on October 23 at 10:00 a.m. " Unlike last month 's invite to the unveiling of the iPhone 5 , which contained a not-so-subtle "  5 " in its graphic , Tuesday 's colorful rainbow design offered few hints about what Apple might announce , although the word "  little " could be a clue . Numerous news reports suggest the secretive company will introduce a 7 - or 8-inch version of its popular tablet , which currently has a nearly 10-inch screen when measured diagonally . Apple has not confirmed any of these reports , of course . Nor have they revealed what such a mythical device may be called , which has n't stopped the tech media from labeling it the "  iPad Mini . " Other details about the rumored tablet remain vague , although some analysts predict it will not have the high-definition "  retina display " that 's on the current iPad . Most observers believe it will be priced under $ 300 . A smaller iPad would allow Apple to compete head-to-head with rival small tablets , such as Amazon 's Kindle Fire and Google 's Nexus 7 , that have weakened Apple 's domination of the tablet market . Those devices are priced in the $ 200 range , while Apple 's current iPad lineup starts at $ 399 for last year 's iPad 2 and $ 499 for the third-generation iPad released in March . Tuesday 's Apple invite came the same day prices were revealed for Microsoft 's upcoming line of Surface tablets , which will start at $ 499 and hit stores October 26 . Some reports also say Apple will introduce other new products at the event , including a 13-inch MacBook Pro with "  retina display " and an upgraded Mac Mini .	Apple sent invites to members of the press Tuesday for an October 23 event The event next week is widely expected to be the launch of a smaller iPad
CNN  -- The ink had barely dried on the order signed by Judge Sharon Lovelace Blackburn , allowing most of Alabama 's anti-illegal immigration law to go into effect , when fear settled into some in the state 's Hispanic community . "  We are in panic mode , " said Maria Morales , an illegal immigrant living in Montgomery . The law known as HB56 is the strictest in the country , allowing police officers to ask about the legal status of people investigated for a crime , if reasonable suspicion exists , and detain them for immigration authorities . "  We can not even go out and buy food , " said Perla Perez , who has lived in Alabama for the past five years without legal status . The law also requires public schools to ask about the legal status of children born in foreign countries and that of their parents . "  I 'm not afraid for myself , " said Perez , who has two U.S.-born children . "  If they want to deport me , that is fine . But then what would happen to my children ? Who will take care of them ? " The state said 1,171 Hispanic students were absent Wednesday , before official word of the immigration law . On Friday , after word of the new law , there were 1,988 absences in Alabama , an increase of 817 students , the state said . Tom Salter , spokesman for the Montgomery School District , said 200 children skipped school Thursday , the day the law went into effect . He said that number dropped to 100 Friday . Salter said their English-as-a-second-language department has reached out to about 400 of the estimated 1,200 Hispanic children enrolled in the system to encourage them to continue going to school . Larry Craven , the interim superintendent of the Alabama Department of Education , said in a news conference Friday that schools will comply with the law , checking the status of new students , but that nobody will be denied an education . Morales said that like herself , her children are undocumented , and she is afraid of the consequences of sending them to school . "  They are going to investigate us through our children , " she said . Late Friday , the U.S. Department of Justice and the other plaintiffs filed a motion to enjoin the law until the 11th District Court in Atlanta has a chance to review the appeal . Judge Lovelace Blackburn has set a Tuesday evening deadline for all the parties to file the necessary arguments before proceeding . State Sen. Scott Beason said the ruling is a victory for the state of Alabama because it allowed most of the law to go into effect . "  We expect people to be here in the state of Alabama legally . We have open arms , we have all the hospitality we can muster for the people who come to the state of Alabama legally . But if you are here illegally , it 's going to be a challenge , " he said . Some immigrants are also planning for the worst . The owner of a Mexican food store , who asked not to be identified because he came to the United States illegally , was worried that he could not stay open . His business license expired last Friday , and he worries that he wo n't be able to renew it because now , he would be required to show a state-issued ID , which he does n't have . He said he has asked a friend to file the proper paperwork so she can take care of their children in case he or his wife is deported . But even if he stays in business , he 's facing tougher times . He says sales dropped by half after HB56 was first introduced and dropped even more when it was signed . "  Sometimes , we do n't have enough money to pay our bills , so my wife has to take a job cleaning houses so we can make ends meet , " he said . Late Thursday , a rumor began circulating among neighbors in a trailer park where many Hispanics live . In a few minutes , streets emptied and people called friends and family to warn them of a potential threat that never came .	HB56 could let police ask about legal status of people investigated for crime , detain them Perla Perez : "  I 'm not afraid for myself . ... But then what would happen to my children ? " Montgomery department wants Hispanic children in system to continue going to school Owner of a food store who came to the U.S. illegally worries that he ca n't stay open
London  CNN  -- As three members of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot appeared in a Moscow court charged with hooliganism , the Twittersphere lit up with pictures and messages of support from around the world . Pussy Riot band members , Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , 23 , Maria Alyokhina , 24 , and Yekaterina Samutsevich , 29 , were sentenced to two years in prison after performing a song criticizing President Vladimir Putin inside Moscow 's Christ Savior Cathedral in February . "  Mother Mary please drive Putin away , " the band had screamed during the offending gig , their faces covered in the neon masks which have now become synonymous with their campaign . Famous friends Celebrity supporters including Beatle Sir Paul McCartney , actress and model Bianca Jagger and Robert Smith of The Cure , tweeted their disgust with the charges , calling for greater freedom of speech in the country . "  I hope you can stay strong and believe that I , and many others like me who believe in free speech will do everything in our power to support you and the idea of artistic freedom , " Paul McCartney posted on Twitter . Actress Mischa Barton tweeted : "  I ca n't believe sentencing #pussyriot to2 yrs in jail.as someone who lived in Moscow and has filmed & seen inside the jails my heart goes out . " While the young women awaited their fate in Moscow , balaclava-clad campaigners gathered outside Russian embassies across Europe and the U.S. , sharing their photos across social media . " #PussyRiot supporters outside London embassy shout ` Shame ' and ` Putin scum ' as they hear of guilty verdict , " Moscow news channel RT London Bureau tweeted . Amnesty UK urged its Twitter followers to join the demonstrations , posting : "  2 years in jail . #PussyRiot sentence is a bitter blow for freedom of expression in Russia . " Outside the court in Moscow however , not everyone was backing the Pussy Riot cause , with civil activist Oleg Kozlovsky tweeting : "  Some anti- #PussyRiot demonstrators were heard chanting "  Burn the witches ! " Hello Russia , this is 21st century . " In Kiev , members of the feminist activist group Femen reportedly used a chainsaw to cut down an orthodox cross which had been erected in memory of victims of political repression . The feminist group is best known for demonstrating topless and revealed on Facebook they had also been charged for taking a chainsaw to the Ukraine Independence Monument , saying : "  FEMEN says if russian activists will be sentenced to prison terms , FEMEN will show their chainsaw for Putin and Gundyaev . " Russian opposition leader and former world chess champion Gary Kasparov was also reportedly arrested after attending demonstrations outside the court in Moscow . Photos of him supposedly being assaulted by police were quickly posted on Twitter . "  He was not there to protest , simply to attend , and the police cornered him and dragged him into the police van , " Kasparov 's assistants posted on his Facebook wall . "  He was beaten but says he is okay . He is n't sure what will happen next . It seems the police are waiting for orders from above . He says he was standing calmly speaking with journalists when police pushed through and grabbed him . " As the three young women sat in a glass cage awaiting their sentence , a rolling stream of messages of support continued to flood Twitter . Campaigners shared the locations of demonstrations , photos and news updates . As one young journalist and supporter Jessica Haworth tweeted : "  Freedom of speech is one of the most important basic human rights . Such a sad day . Still sad , still angry . #PussyRiot " .	Pussy Riot 's two-year sentence sparks anger on Twitter and Facebook Celebrity campaigners share messages of support , photos , news updates Ukraine feminist group , Femen , arrested after chainsawing monument in show of solidarity Russian opposition leader Gary Kasparov supposedly assaulted by police outside Moscow court
CNN  -- Why leave home when you can send out a sexy , stylish robot version of yourself to do anything you tell it ? In "  Surrogates , " lifelike robots take the place of humans in day-to-day life . That 's the world of "  Surrogates , " a film starring Bruce Willis that opens Friday . Willis plays an FBI agent who investigates the first murder to occur in years in a world where no one worries about crime or pain , because their robots self-heal with a quick reboot . Far-fetched science fiction ? Sure . But scientists and the movie 's makers say the technology might not be as far away as most people think . Armies use remote-controlled robots to attack enemies and destroy land mines . Emerging technology for the disabled allows users to operate robotic limbs and control computer cursors without touching a keyboard . And emerging "  telepresence " technology is letting people see , hear and , increasingly , walk , talk and gesture using human-sized robots a world away . "  There are a lot of real-world components to this , " said robotics expert and author Daniel H. Wilson , whose books like "  Where 's My Jet Pack ? " and "  How to Survive a Robot Uprising " explore the intersections between science fiction and real science . "  Clearly , there are not fully functional humanoid robots ... but there are a lot of components to telepresence that already exist . " "  Surrogates " director Jonathan Mostow , whose film credits include 2003 's "  Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines , " said he was drawn to the concept of surrogate robots as an extension of current technology . And , he said , as he met with scientists , he became convinced that something approaching the concept could one day be a reality . "  To me , it 's not even a question of the technology . Technology always catches up , " he said . "  The question is , is some universal human urge being met by this invention ? It seems to me we have a fundamental human desire to be lazy , to sort of not have to do things in person and to do it remotely . "  That began with the telegraph and the telephone and has morphed into the Internet . " The first steps down the road are being taken at Anybots , a Mountain View , California , company founded in 2001 by Trevor Blackwell . The company offers , for about $ 30,000 , a 5-foot-tall , 35-pound robot that allows the user to remotely travel , see , hear and talk . It hopes to release its latest version of the robot at a more affordable price . The robot 's vaguely humanoid curves , roughly adult height and ability to move around using technology similar to that of the Segway are important steps up from current teleconferencing technology , Blackwell said . Anybots in the development phase are being designed to run , jump and climb stairs , and they come equipped with fully articulated hands designed to perform increasingly human-like tasks . Blackwell said he 's not sure the technology will ever advance to the level imagined in "  Surrogates " -- but that may have as much to do with desire as ability . "  I do n't know if we 'll ever get quite to that level , of being that realistic , " he said . "  Most of the time , you 're not trying to fool people ; you 're just trying to make something human enough so people can relate to it . " Wilson , who said he appreciates "  Surrogates " because it avoids sci-fi 's traditional "  man vs. machine " dynamic , also imagines social reasons for not pursuing such technology . "  Would humans stand in line at the grocery store behind a robot ? Would I let my children play outside if I knew there were robots outside walking dogs ? " he said . It 's more realistic , Wilson said , that a humanoid robot could be created to remotely perform tasks that would be too dangerous for the machine 's operator to do . although NASA employs robots in space , the highly technical work often required for space walks still requires a human touch -- at least for now . Plus , he said , making robots that look and act like us would help them function better , he said . "  Another major reason to create humanoid robots is , they can use all of our tools , " Wilson said . "  Human beings have taken large chunks of the planet and completely transformed the environment to support our embodiment . Doorways are a certain width all over the world because human beings are about the same size . All our tools are similar because we 've all got hands and thumbs . " For Mostow , the movie also reflects technological advances that , for better or worse , exist as the world of online networking continues to grow . "  You can do your shopping . You can get your news . You can let everyone know what you 're up to , " he said . "  For those who telecommute , you do n't even have to put your clothes on to go to work . "  This idea basically just takes that to its logical conclusion . "	In "  Surrogates " sexy , stylish robots live life for their owners Scientists say "  telepresence " with robots is real , will improve California company Anybots developing robot that can jump , climb stairs Director : Androids are "  logical conclusion " of technology that already exists
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Transportation on Tuesday fined Asiana Airlines $ 500,000 for failing to assist families following the crash of Asiana flight 214 in San Francisco in July . The Korean airline was slow to publicize a phone number for families , took two full days to successfully contact the families of three-quarters of the passengers and did not contact families of several passengers until five days following the crash , authorities said . The half-million-dollar penalty is the first time the DOT has issued a fine under a 1997 law that requires airlines to adopt and adhere to a "  family assistance plan " for major accidents . Three of the 291 passengers were killed and scores were injured when the Boeing 777 struck the seawall at San Francisco International Airport and tumbled down the runway . "  In the very rare event of a crash , airlines have a responsibility to provide their full support to help passengers and their families by following all the elements of their family assistance plans , " Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a statement . "  The last thing families and passengers should have to worry about at such a stressful time is how to get information from their carrier . " In the DOT order , Asiana said its job was complicated by the limited number of workers at San Francisco 's airport and other circumstances . Injured passengers were sent to 13 different area hospitals , and there was no list prepared at the time to help the airline track passengers . Hospitals also were reluctant to release information to the airline due to privacy laws , the airline said . Asiana released a statement after the DOT fine was announced saying that it "  provided extensive support to the passengers and their families following the accident and will continue to do so . " Under the Foreign Air Carrier Family Support Act of 1997 , foreign air carriers assure the Department of Transportation and the National Transportation Safety Board that they will adhere to a "  family assistance plan " in the event of aircraft accidents resulting in a major loss of life . Among other things , airlines must publicize and staff a toll-free telephone number to take calls from families , notify families as soon as practical and commit sufficient resources to carry out the family assistance plan . According to the DOT , Asiana failed to widely publicize any telephone number for family members of those on board , and the only number generally available to the public that family members could call was Asiana 's toll-free reservations line . Asiana publicized a phone number established by another entity 18 hours and 32 minutes after the crash , the DOT said . Locating this phone number on Asiana 's website required significant effort , the DOT said , and the reservations line did not include a separate menu option for calls related to the crash , requiring callers to navigate through cumbersome automated menus . Asiana also took two days to send a sufficient number of trained personnel to San Francisco , and initially lacked an adequate number of staff able to communicate in the languages spoken by the flight 's passengers , the DOT said . According to the DOT , $ 400,000 of the penalty is due within 30 days . Up to $ 100,000 will be spent on multiple industry-wide conferences and training sessions to provide others with lessons learned from the Asiana crash aftermath .	Asiana Airlines is fined $ 500,000 for inadequate aid to crash victims ' familes It is the first time the DOT has issued a fine under a "  family assistance plan " law Asiana failed to widely publicize any telephone number for family members , the DOT said
Cologne , Germany  CNN  -- More than 340,000 gamers from across Europe converged in this quaint German city last month to get their first hands-on with Sony 's PlayStation 4 and Microsoft 's Xbox One consoles and to preview an assortment of new games . The occasion was Gamescom , the massive video gaming show that attracted over 600 exhibitors from upwards of 80 countries , all of whom set up booths in 10 massive halls that featured over 1.4 million square feet of space . It was like E3 and Comic-Con , only much bigger . Big companies like Sony , Microsoft , Ubisoft and Electronic Arts kicked off the festivities with press conferences that featured exclusive announcements , including the November 15 PS4 launch date and new games such as "  The Sims 4 . " Europe plays an important role in the global gaming ecosystem , thanks to the success of such European companies as Rovio Entertainment  "  Angry Birds "  , DICE  "  Battlefield 4 "  and TT Games  "  The LEGO Movie Game "  . According to Peter Warman , founder of video-game research firm Newzoo , European consumers will contribute 23 % of the $ 70.4 billion global video game market this year . "  The most talked-about companies over the past year are European , " said Warman . "  Companies like SuperCell  "  Clash of Clans "  , Wargaming  "  World of Tanks "  , Mojang  "  Minecraft "  and King  "  Candy Crush "  will bring in a combined revenue of more than $ 1.5 billion this year . " Next-generation gaming was a huge focus this year , but the current crop of consoles still have a lot of life left in them . And the PC , which has always been strong in Europe , remains a force as well . Here are five games that stood out from the very crowded booths of Gamescom 2013 . ` Fighter Within ' -- Ubisoft/Daoka ; Xbox One ; Fall 2013 Developer Daoka is making the most of the new Xbox One Kinect technology with this fighting game , which you control by moving your arms and legs . Thanks to the enhanced motion sensors and tracking capabilities , players ' moves are represented on a one-to-one basis within the game . This means that every punch , kick and counter in the real world will be faithfully replicated . Players can choose from an assortment of fighters , each with distinct and authentic fighting styles and special moves . The game supports two-player competitive play , which means friends will be standing next to one another in the real world while they pummel their opponent in the virtual one . ` The Sims 4 ' -- Electronic Arts/EA Maxis ; PC ; 2014 With over 175 million copies of "  The Sims " sold so far , EA Maxis is making this simulation franchise more life-like than ever before by utilizing new technology . The franchise has evolved over the years to incorporate more human behaviors into its virtual characters . Each Sim now has a rich emotional center that drives meaningful social interactions with those they interact with . Players can explore deeper stories with these more human simulations . Gameplay revolves around life 's tragedies and triumphs , with the ability to customize everything from Sims ' homes to their lifetime aspirations . The core game mechanics have worked for over a decade now . The genius has been adding new gameplay and content , through expansion packs and sequels , and making the connections between human and Sim evolve over time . ` Dead Island Epidemic ' -- Deep Silver/Stunlock Studios ; PC ; TBD Developer Stunlock Studios is expanding Techland 's popular zombie franchise by exploring a new genre with this free-to-play PC MOBA  multiplayer online battle arena  game , which strands players on a tropical island overrun with zombies . Three teams of four players will battle against each other over control of strategic positions . There will also be a wide assortment of zombies and undead creatures to contend with , the larger ones requiring all three teams to work together . Players can customize their own weapons from hundreds of items they collect in the game , making for a unique action-packed experience . This game stands out from the very crowded MOBA genre  "  Dota 2 , " "  League of Legends , " "  Heroes of Newerth , " "  Infinite Crisis "  with its rare combination of zombies and over-the-top action . ` Fable Legends ' -- Microsoft/Lionhead Studios ; Xbox One ; TBD Lionhead Studios returns to the fantasy world of Albion with this Xbox One-exclusive adventure . For the first time , up to four players can embark on quests together as they build their characters , explore photorealistic lands and face off against monsters and assorted bad guys . The game 's been designed for seamless solo play as well . For the first time in the franchise , players can forgo their heroic calling and become a villain instead -- complete with an army of minions . The game utilizes the Xbox Smartglass experience through any tablet by opening up a second screen on which villains can battle heroes while sitting next to each other on the couch . ` The Order : 1886 ' -- Sony/Ready at Dawn ; PlayStation 4 ; TBD One of the more unique next-generation action games on display at Gamescom , "  The Order " provides an alternate vision of Victorian-era London . Players join an elite order of knights and jump into a centuries-old battle between good and evil in this PS4 exclusive . The game 's world blends real historical figures , places and events with myths like the Arthurian legend . Developer Ready at Dawn has brought advanced Industrial Revoluton weaponry to the fray , allowing players to better fight mysterious supernatural enemies . The entire experience has a cinematic feel , and the game 's presentation even replicates the texture of film . With its foreboding atmosphere and action-heavy gameplay , "  The Order " stands out from the crowd .	Here are 5 games to watch from the recent Gamescom show "  Fighter Within " uses Xbox Kinect 's motion-control technology to help gamers fight Characters in "  The Sims 4 " feel more life-like than ever before "  The Order " provides an alternate vision of Victorian-era London
CNN  -- "  Pandering . " According to the Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary , to pander is to : "  provide gratification for others ' desires . " So is that what John McCain and Barack Obama are doing with Hispanic voters ? Sen. John McCain has said the issue of immigration would be a top priority for him as president . If you follow coverage of their speeches at three Latino events -- the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials , the League of United Latin American Citizens and The National Council of La Raza -- the answer would be yes . Why ? Because the two candidates are talking about making immigration reform a priority if they reach the White House , and to make it there , they know the Hispanic vote can have a great impact . More than 9 million Hispanics are expected to vote on November 4th . They traditionally favor Democrats , but many have supported Republicans in key races . In 2004 , for example , 40 percent of the Latino vote went to President Bush -- so going after them makes political sense . Do Hispanics care about immigration reform ? Yes , they do . But it 's not the only issue that concerns them . See where the candidates stand on immigration They , too , pay more than $ 4 for a gallon of gas , and are worried about the economy , foreclosures , the war in Iraq and access to health care and education . But the debate on immigration has motivated many to apply for citizenship and many others to register to vote . Hispanics are n't a monolithic group as many seem to believe . Some families go back six or seven generations . Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens by birth . Cubans can stay if they make it to U.S soil . Latinos from all over Latin America come by plane . Surprisingly , a majority of Latino voters show a deep interest in immigration reform , even though it would n't benefit them directly because they are U.S. citizens . They believe reform would help in a community that shares a common language , even though it has many differences . They are n't nave and wo n't be swayed with tall tales . But to pander has a negative connotation and the concept seems highlighted when it refers to Hispanics , the largest - and fastest-growing minority in the nation . This electorate is familiar with politicians making promises they do n't always keep -- and surely will see that McCain favors border security before immigration reform , a reform he put his name on at great cost . They are aware of the need to learn English in order to succeed , and not necessarily for every child to learn Spanish as Obama suggested . That could fuel fears about Hispanic influence , and spur some to use that fear to score political points . In this case , the approach goes in two directions . It can be seen as pandering to a specific group for political gain , but it can also be portrayed as a challenge to Hispanics . With greater clout comes higher responsibility ; it means not only registering to vote , but actually doing it on Election Day , making those numbers count , showing that Latinos are more than a group with great potential . Is pandering to Hispanics any different from pandering to other groups ? Why is n't there a similar outcry when candidates address the American Israel Public Affairs Committee on the future of Israel ? Or the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ? Is n't that pandering ? Hispanics are coming of political age , and probably face a dilemma . But which is better -- being pandered to , or ignored ? And no , it 's not a trick question .	Candidates talk about immigration reform at Latino events Hispanics care about a lot of other issues , says Juan Carlos Lopez Latinos : The largest and fastest growing minority in the nation Candidates ' so-called pandering to Latinos shows the power of the Hispanic vote
Eurostar plans to launch a "  state of the art " fleet of trains that can carry passengers to the Netherlands , Germany and Switzerland , according to the company 's boss . Nicolas Petrovic , chief executive of the European high-speed train company , expects the new carriers and routes to be online within the next three to four years , as the rail operator looks to rebuild and make a "  fresh start . " EXPLORE INTERACTIVE : How confident are you in the euro ? Speaking with CNN 's Nina dos Santos , Petrovic said the company would "  grab the opportunity of open access in Europe . " He added : "  What we really want to do is gain market share against the airlines . " The international train operator has built its success by bridging the gap between the UK and Europe , running services from London to Brussels and Paris . But after nearly two decades of monopoly over the Channel Tunnel , Eurostar is facing competition for the undersea rail line as German operator Deutsche Bahn prepares to launch a London to Brussels service . READ MORE : Model trains motor their way back home Petrovic said he is not worried by the prospect of rivalry for the London to Europe routes . He added : "  We 'll see who the customers prefer but in my view it will grow the overall market . " Eurostar tickets for an adult traveling from London to Paris cost # 69  $ 104  for standard class to # 250  $ 378  for business class . Petrovic told CNN that the company was looking "  very carefully " at pricing , adding that the biggest cost to Eurostar 's business is the levy on using the Channel tunnel . READ MORE : How American apple pie is warming struggling Spain In June , the European Commission told Eurotunnel -- the France-based manager of the Channel Tunnel -- to cut its charges for passenger and freight trains using the route . The Commission claimed the charges were too high and discouraged passengers from traveling by train while hurting the freight industry . Petrovic said : "  We have to pay per passenger a fee which is something like 30 euros ... if you sell a ticket at let 's say # 79 or # 69 return , a big chunk of that money is going to the tunnel so the European Commission said numbers should come down . "  If it were the case we could pass on this reduction to the customers , " he added .	Eurostar CEO Nicolas Petrovic expects the new carriers to be online within the next three to four years Possible destinations for Eurostar include West Germany , Holland and Switzerland Petrovic not fazed by impending competition from Deutsche Bahn in Channel Tunnel
CNN  -- Within seconds after the shooting began , at least one man who was grazed by a bullet grabbed the gunman , a middle-aged woman snatched ammunition away from him , and a group of people held him down while another man grabbed the gun out of his hand , a man and a woman who helped subdue the shooter told CNN Sunday . "  It was so surreal . You do n't believe what 's really happening in front of you . People are really dying , " said Joe Zamudio , one of the people who helped restrain the suspect . "  As the police took him away , I looked up and it was just -- it hit me like a ton of bricks . All these people that were wounded , and all these people 's lives were changed in an instant . " Zamudio had been inside a nearby Walgreens when he heard the shots ring out . "  I ran outside towards the shots and when I rounded the corner , the first thing I saw was the people wrestling with the gunman . Behind that it was just kind of like people laying everywhere and kind of falling and crawling . Kind of realizing you had been shot is a weird thing to go through , I think . The people did n't really know . They were saying , ` What happened ? What was that ? ' And then it started , a lot of ` I 'm bleeding . ' Like , this is real -- this is real . And then it was just , you know , ` Where 's the ambulances ? ' It was just like nobody really knew what was going on . Nobody could really come to terms with it for minutes it seemed like . Nobody really kind of realized the massiveness of what happened . " "  What really scared me , " Zamudio said , was seeing a middle-aged , "  maybe elderly woman , " wrestling the next magazine away from the gunman . "  I realized he was trying to reload his gun ... I just kind of fell on him too , like kind of put my weight over him , and made sure the gun was down and out of play . " The woman was Patricia Maisch , who said she did n't have time to think about what she was doing . "  He  the suspect  pulled the magazine out of his pants pocket and it dropped onto the sidewalk . And before he could reach it , I got it , " she said . "  I just reacted . I did n't have an opportunity to think . " Maisch brushed off reports of her being called a hero . "  The two men that secured him were the heroes . I just was an assistant in being able to get that magazine or clip , " she said , humbly . The gunman was already on the ground when Zamudio got there , he said . "  I laid on him and held him down , and made sure the gun was down . " The "  real hero , " Zamudio said , was the man who grabbed the gunman first . "  There was a gentleman who was wounded on top of the head , I think he got hit with a ricochet or something ,  a  bullet grazed the top of his head , " but still he "  initiated the contact " with the shooter . "  Then other people were able to grab on and they were able to kind of contain him and pull him down . " Zamudio 's account differs slightly from Maisch 's in that she said two men secured the suspect . A third man wrestled the gun out of the shooter 's hand , Zamudio said . In the confusion , Zamudio explained , he grabbed that man 's wrist at one point , not knowing who it was . "  He says to me , ` No , no , it 's him , it 's him . Just put it  the gun  on the ground . Put it on the ground . " It felt like three or four minutes before the police came , Zamudio said . "  I thought it seemed like forever . But I think when you 're in the moment , your perception of time is off . "	NEW : The woman who took the magazine from the shooter says she did n't have time to think NEW : She snatched it after he dropped the magazine on the sidewalk Zamudio helped pin the gunman to the ground He says the "  real hero " was a wounded man who first grabbed the gunman
CNN  -- The St. Louis Cardinals finished their improbable run Friday night with a convincing 6-2 win , beating the Texas Rangers and giving the franchise another World Series championship . Instead of the furious comebacks the Cards have been known for this year , the Cards grabbed a commanding lead in the fifth inning Friday and held on . "  We got it . It is unbelievable , " outfielder Allen Craig said . "  This is an unbelievable group of guys . I am just glad to be a part of this . " Craig , who caught the last out of the game , was more than a part of it . He hit a home run in the third inning of Friday 's game and stole a home run from Ranger Nelson Cruz leaping over the wall to bring the ball back . Another one of the stars of Friday 's game was Cardinals catcher Yadier Molina , who had two hits and knocked in two RBIs . Another St. Louis star was hurler Chris Carpenter , who continued his undefeated postseason run by stymieing the Rangers for six innings Friday . Rangers pitchers were plagued with wildness Friday and throughout the series . In the fifth inning , the Cardinals were able to get two runs and jump to a commanding 5 to 2 lead without getting a hit , capitalizing on Rangers ' walks . The win gives the Cards their 11th World Series championship . The Cardinals last won the championship in 2006 . Friday 's win may have seemed a little melodramatic compared to the instant-classic World Series game Thursday , when the Cardinals displayed their never-say-die attitude . The Cardinals were pushed to within their last strike in the ninth and 10th innings only to come back and erase two-run deficits both times . They finished the comeback in the 11th inning beating the Rangers 10 to 9 on David Freese 's walk-off home run . Freese was named the most valuable player of the series . "  This is a dream come true , " Freese said . "  This is why you keep battling . " Cardinals Manager Tony La Russa said the fans , cheering and supporting , helped his team to the muster the strength to comeback so many times . "  It is amazing , incredible , " La Russa said . "  This is for you , fans . Thank you so much . " Comebacks are nothing new for the Cards , who made a furious dash just to reach the postseason . The team erased a 10.5-game deficit with the Atlanta Braves in the last month of the regular season just to make it to the playoffs . They punctuated that comeback by taking the must-win last two games of the season and stealing the National League wild card from the Braves . Once in the playoffs , the Cards defeated division champs Milwaukee Brewers and Philadelphia Phillies . Both feats defied oddsmakers .	The St. Louis Cardinals win 6-2 in Game 7 The win gives the Cardinals 11 World Series championships Cardinals ' David Freese named World Series MVP "  This is a dream come true , " Freese says
CNN  -- A Lavaca County , Texas , grand jury did not return an indictment against a father who killed a man he found allegedly sexually abusing his daughter , officials said Tuesday at a press conference in Hallettsville , Texas . "  The substantial amount of evidence showed that the witness statements and the father 's statement and what the father had observed was in fact what had happened that day , " Lavaca County District Attorney Heather McMinn told reporters . The father , who will not be charged , is not being named by CNN to protect the identity of his daughter . The father called 911 , and he and his family tried to "  save the life " of alleged attacker Jesus Mora Flores "  despite what they had just witnessed , " McMinn added . McMinn told CNN that Flores , 47 , was not an acquaintance of the family . According to the Lavaca County Sheriff 's Office , the father and his family had gathered for a horse shoeing last Saturday at their ranch where they keep horses and chickens . Ohio woman charged with prostituting daughter There were seven people in attendance in total , including four members of the family , two acquaintances and a stranger to the family , who was the alleged molester . According to McMinn , the alleged abuser was a legal worker from Mexico . His 5-year-old daughter had gone off toward the barn , to feed the chickens , the child 's grandfather told CNN affiliates KSAT and KPRC . Then her father heard screaming and ran . He found a man sexually abusing his daughter , according to Sheriff Micah Harmon . The father stopped the alleged abuser , and then pounded him repeatedly in the head , killing him , authorities said . On the recorded 911 call , the father can be heard crying , and telling the operator , "  I need an ambulance . This guy was raping my daughter and I beat him up . And I do n't know ... I do n't know what to do . " Later in the call , when the operator tells the caller , "  I 'm working on it if you can hold on , " the emotional father says , "  The guy 's dying on me ! " McMinn also told CNN the child 's grandfather and aunt both administered cardiopulmonary resuscitation . Neither officials nor the family 's attorney , V'Anne Huser , took questions from reporters Tuesday but Huser said in light of the grand jury 's decision , "  in our opinion , today , the story is over . " McMinn told CNN she had "  never seen a case this clear " in her career . The incident occurred outside the town of Shiner , a community between Houston and San Antonio that has about 2,000 people within its city limits and another 1,500 or so on its outskirts , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . TV movie on ` Green River Killer ' leads to ID of remains of woman missing since '82 CNN 's Nick Valencia , Martin Savidge and Jack Maddox contributed to this report .	A Texas father said he beat a man he found sexually abusing his daughter The man died , despite the father 's call to 911 for help and efforts to provide aid "  This guy was raping my daughter and I beat him up , " the crying father says in 911 call A grand jury decides no charges against the father
CNN  -- North Korea has withdrawn two mobile ballistic missiles from a launch site in the eastern part of the country , according to a U.S. official , the latest hint of an easing in tensions on the Korean Peninsula . The disclosure came Monday , the day before President Barack Obama is due to meet with his South Korean counterpart , Park Geun-hye , in Washington . During a fraught period last month that included near daily North Korean threats of war , U.S. and South Korean officials said they believed Kim Jong Un 's regime could carry out a test launch of at least one of the missiles at any time . The United States and Japan responded by stepping up missile defenses in the region . But the anniversary of the birth of North Korea 's founder on April 15 , seen as the likely date around which a launch could take place , came and went without either of the missiles being fired . And now they have been sent to a storage facility , the U.S. official said . The missiles the North has moved from the launch site are believed to be Musudans , an untested weapon that the South Korean government says has a maximum range of 3,500 kilometers  2,175 miles  . That would mean the missiles could reach as far as Japan and Guam , a Western Pacific territory that is home to U.S. naval and air bases . More tests will take North Korea closer to nuclear missile , Pentagon says Recent tensions The recent period of tensions flared up after the North 's long-range rocket launch in December and underground nuclear test in February , both of which were widely condemned . Pyongyang 's fiery rhetoric intensified in March as the U.N. Security Council voted to tighten sanctions on the regime following the nuclear test . Annual U.S.-South Korean military drills in South Korea also fueled the North 's anger , especially when the United States carried out displays of strength that included nuclear-capable B2 stealth bombers . But a key part of the large-scale training exercises , known as Foal Eagle , concluded last week , and the intensity of Pyongyang 's threats appears to have subsided . Its rhetorical exchanges with Washington and Seoul have shifted to include conditions for possible negotiations , although both sides appear to remain far apart . North Korea is demanding recognition as a nuclear power , something the United States refuses to countenance . And the recent crisis resulted in the closure of the Kaesong Industrial Complex , the last major symbol of inter-Korean cooperation . Analysts and U.S. officials have cautioned that Kim Jong Un 's regime remains unpredictable and that tensions could escalate again in the event of new provocations . It would be "  premature " to make a judgment about whether the North Korean "  provocation cycle is going up , down or zig-zagging , " Daniel Russel , White House special assistant and senior director for Asian affairs , said Monday . "  No one should be prepared to declare a victory yet , " he said , referring to the reports of the missiles being moved off the launch site . Last remaining South Koreans leave joint industrial complex A fresh warning from the North A reminder of the fragile situation came in a North Korean statement Tuesday that accused U.S. and South Korean forces of carrying out naval shelling drills near the two Koreas ' disputed western maritime border . The statement , from the North Korean military 's command in the sector near that part of the border , warned of "  immediate counteractions " if "  even a single shell " from the drills fell within its territorial waters . But the statement was notably free of the talk of "  nuclear war " that peppered North Korean propaganda directed at the United States and South Korea during the height of the tensions in March and April . At a news briefing in Seoul , Kim Min-seok , a spokesman for the South Korean defense ministry , denied the North 's accusation that shelling drills had been taking place in the sea near the border since Sunday . He confirmed , though , that planned annual naval drills to practice the defense of islands near the border were under way . In November 2010 , North Korea shelled the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . Pyongyang accused Seoul of provoking the attack by holding a military drill in the area . The current situation regarding North Korea is chief among the subjects on the agenda for Obama and Park 's meeting on Tuesday . Obama will use Park 's visit to "  reaffirm the strong commitment " of the U.S. to the defense of South Korea , Russel said Monday . CNN 's Brian Walker and Lesa Jansen , and journalist Soo Bin Park contributed to this report .	Two Musudan missiles have been sent to a storage facility , a U.S. official says The U.S. and South Korea said previously the missiles could be fired at any time The disclosure comes after the intensity of North Korea threats has calmed But Pyongyang warns the U.S. and South Korea over naval drills in the region
CNN  -- Everybody knows the big-time accounts on Twitter belong to celebrities -- the Katy Perrys and Justin Biebers and Lady Gagas . And those are just the singers with more followers than President Barack Obama . But as the newly public social platform rolls out to investors Thursday , we 're taking a look at the surprise stars of Twitter -- the accounts you might not expect to be nestled in the top 200 most followed , alongside the likes of Oprah Winfrey and Adele . Some come from the ranks of the quasi-famous , those who have parlayed a smaller share of the spotlight into social media stardom through their activity on Twitter . Others have backgrounds that have put them in the public eye in other ways . And some are n't people at all . On Twitter , you can do that . Maybe you 've never heard of them , or maybe you have . But all are examples of the power of Twitter , when used well , to enhance celebrity and amplify one 's voice . Here are 10 of Twitter 's most unexpected stars . Let us know your favorite noncelebrity Twitter celebrities in the comments . Note : The rankings and follower numbers used come from the tool TwitterCounter . One Direction OK , this entry kind of goes against the grain of the rest . But we could n't figure out how One Direction should n't be first . If you 're not a preteen girl , or a preteen guy who listens to music he does n't like to be around teen girls , you may well not even know that One Direction exists . But it does . And the group kind of owns Twitter . One Direction is a band of young lads from England . They 're , by all accounts , dreamy . And they have six of the most popular accounts on the site . Singer Harry Styles checks in at No. 22 , with 17.4 million followers -- more , even , than the 16 million following the band 's official account . The other four band members rank 29th , 35th , 38th and 53rd , each of them with more than 11 million followers of their own . In contrast , the Beatles have the 969th most popular Twitter account . Of course , Ringo Starr does n't log on to share observations like "  A little party never killed nobody , " either . Facebook We find something amusing about the fact that Twitter 's chief rival , Facebook , is among the top 50 most popular Twitter accounts . But when you have more than 1.1 billion users , maybe it makes sense that folks want to keep up on their favorite social media site while ... well ... visiting their other favorite social media site . Facebook 's nearly 12 million followers put it at No. 44 . But this interloping is nothing new . In the earliest days of Google + , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg was its most popular member . Paulo Coelho You would n't think a revered Brazilian novelist would be satisfied with writing 140 characters at a time . But Coelho , whose 1988 novel , "  The Alchemist , " has sold more than 30 million copies , is an active user with more than 8.7 million followers  No. 83  . "  Twitter , I think , is an art , " Coelho told The Guardian this year . "  Because if you 're connected to people you learn how to  summarize  . " Works for us . Dalai Lama There 's probably not anyone in the world who would be more humble about having 8 million followers , right ? The exiled Tibetan spiritual leader account is No. 91 on Twitter . And whether he personally writes the posts or not , they come off to anyone who has heard him speak as his authentic voice and tone . Consider this account a nice palate cleanser after reading where Kim Kardashian went shopping last night . Ramalan Indonesia Apparently astrology is a big deal in Indonesia . This account , which awkwardly proclaims itself "  The LARGEST ASTROLOGY in the WORLD , " has 7.2 million followers , good for No. 110 on the Twitter list . As best we can tell , this is a Twitter feed , written in Malay , that 's the basic equivalent of those one-line horoscopes you get in the daily paper .  Note to fellow Libras : Apparently , it 's OK if we 're distracted at work today . We might have a cold . Stephen Fry Stephen Fry is famous . But you would n't think he 'd be this famous -- twice as many followers as Jamie Foxx . The British actor and writer , whose credits range from "  Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows " to cult favorites "  Black Adder " and "  Doctor Who , " is a perfect fit for the site -- its 140 characters just enough to share his dry wit . Or pictures of malformed M&M s. Either way , he 's got 6.3 million followers , landing at No. 131 . Queen Rania "  A mum and a wife with a really cool day job . " Well , yes , if being the queen of Jordan is a really cool day job . It 's not every day you find royalty on networking sites . But she 's answered questions from followers online and told interviewers that sites such as Twitter can be used to achieve real social change . With nearly 3 million followers  No. 456  , it seems to be working . Pattie Mallette How does a Canadian mom end up with 2.7 million Twitter followers , making her account the site 's 554th most popular ? Well , naming your son Justin Bieber helps . In addition to helping promote her famous son , Mallette talks about her projects , including an autobiography , and offers encouragement to teen mothers such as herself  she was 17 when Bieber was born  . Jack Dorsey What 's a guy got to do to crack the top 600 around here ? Dorsey was one of Twitter 's founders and has racked up 2.4 million followers . But come on . That only makes him No. 643 on his own site . We 'd hate to think how Evan Williams and Biz Stone feel . They 've got even fewer followers . The Dark Lord Who says good always triumphs over evil ? We scoured Twitter for Harry Potter , and the boy wizard is nowhere to be found .  No , the official movie account does n't count . Meanwhile , Lord Voldemort is doing just fine for himself , thank you , with more than 2.2 million followers  No. 725  . This is a parody account , so there are no official ties with creator J.K. Rowling , the books or the movies . But we 're OK with that . It lets him be even meaner .	The majority of the most-followed Twitter accounts are singers and other celebrities But less-famous users have amassed big followings as well Rival Facebook has Twitter 's 44th most popular account Horoscopes , a queen and Lord Voldemort also have huge followings
CNN  -- A federal court has sentenced two Minnesota women to lengthy prison sentences for soliciting donations in the name of charity , then funneling the funds to Somali militants . Authorities said the two women went door-to-door in Somali neighborhoods in the U.S. and Canada , seeking contributions . Amina Farah Ali , 36 , got two decades in prison on 13 terror-related counts that include providing material support to Al-Shabaab . Hawo Mohamed Hassan , 66 , got half of that on one count of conspiracy to support a terror group and lying to authorities . Both women , naturalized U.S. citizens from Somalia , were convicted in October 2011 . They were sentenced Thursday in Minneapolis . Evidence presented at their trial showed they supported the terror group between 2008 and 2009 , according to B. Todd Jones , a United States Attorney . Teleconference appeal for Al-Shabaab "  Ali communicated by telephone with Somalia-based members of Al-Shabaab who requested financial assistance on behalf of the group , " Jones said in a statement . "  Ali often sought the money under false pretenses , contending that it was to help the poor . " In both years , authorities said , she hosted teleconferences and urged listeners to give money to the terror group instead of the poor . In one instance , she recorded $ 2,100 in pledges at the conclusion of that teleconference , according to officials . She would then funnel the funds to the terror group using various remittance companies under false names . ` Questioned by the enemy ' Ali has maintained that the funds were for the poor , but authorities said monitored phone calls reveal otherwise . "  On July 14 , 2009 , the day after the FBI executed a search warrant at Ali 's home , she telephoned her primary Al-Shabaab contact , saying , "  I was questioned by the enemy here ... they took all my stuff and are investigating it ... do not accept calls from anyone . " Hassan , on the other hand , made false statements when questioned by federal agents about international terrorism , Jones said . From Minneapolis to Somalia The sentencing Thursday is the latest in federal investigation in Minneapolis -- home to the nation 's largest Somali population . The women were among a group sentenced this week in the federal government 's probe focusing on Al-Shabaab , which is believed to recruit young men in the Minneapolis area . The U.S. has designated it a terrorist group , and has said it has ties to al Qaeda . In recent years , about 20 Somali-American men have traveled from the area to Somalia to train with the terror group , and some have gone on to fight with the militants , according to U.S. officials .	Authorities say they went door-to-door in Somali neighborhoods , seeking donations One would then funnel the funds to the terror group using various remittance companies Both women have maintained the funds were for the poor
Ten years ago I was one of a small number of UK lawyers who opposed the invasion of Iraq on the grounds that it was illegal and unauthorised by the United Nations . We were all strong advocates of the notion that the rule of law was the bedrock of any civilised and democratic society . Without it our lives would be subject to a free for all in which might becomes right . The embodiment of the rule of law internationally has been the U.N. Charter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights -- direct results of the devastation inflicted by the Nazi regime in Germany during the Second World War . No one wanted a repeat of such flagrant aggression , so the Charter was drawn up to replace gunboat diplomacy with peaceful measures overseen by the U.N. Security Council . This was not a new vision . In 1945 the U.N. Charter was ratified by the U.S. , the UK , and the majority of the 50 states who had originally agreed to this framework . Thrashed out by experts and with massive support behind it , the document was no maverick , outlandish or oddball agreement . The Charter is not gobbledygook -- it is full of common sense , and it should be obligatory reading in every school . OPINION : Why Iraq War was fought for oil Article 1 makes clear that the main purpose of the U.N. is to "  maintain international peace and security and to that end to take effective collective measures for the prevention and removal of threats to the peace " and to act in accordance with justice and the principles of international law . It is for the U.N. to determine what collective measures should be taken -- not for individual states to take unilateral or bilateral action . This is not rocket science , but the simple application of restraint and respect for the rules that Britain and America agreed to when they signed the Charter . But this is not what happened 10 years ago at the behest of U.S. President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair . Their agenda was quite different -- to remove a dictator , Saddam Hussein , whose regime was abhorrent . But regime change , however desirable , is not permitted by the Charter . If it were , the powerful nations could go round the world picking off the weak -- or more particularly the states thought to be hostile to their own ambitions . In case some politicians found it difficult to understand all this , Article 2  4  spelled it out in unequivocal terms : "  All Members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state " . Everyone recognised there might have to be exceptions to this rule , but the Charter specifically does not authorize preemptive nor preventative action  i.e. getting in first  on the basis of a perceived future threat . INTERACTIVE : How has the war changed you ? The only way around this predicament was for the Bush-Blair axis to fabricate a case of threat . This they did by the knowing manipulation of flawed intelligence about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq  which were never found  , and the bogus claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy such WMD within a 45-minute window . This argument , which was false , became the main basis for invasion because the only other route to war had been closed off by international law . The U.N. has the power to authorise military intervention once all other options have been exhausted and the peace and stability of a region is in jeopardy . At the time it became a debate about whether Iraq satisfied these criteria by its failure to abide by U.N. resolutions concerning disarmament . The principal Security Council resolution 1441 , adopted in November 2002 , called on Iraq to disarm its WMD and cooperate with U.N. weapons inspectors . The Council made clear they continued to be in charge but had not authorised the use of force in Iraq . EXCLUSIVE : Hans Blix on ` terrible mistake ' in Iraq Tony Blair insisted to the British public that he would only support a war if a second Security Council resolution authorising the action was passed , but the resolution never came . Bush and Blair realised they would never get one , and so they prepared to go it alone with a cobbled together coalition . Troops had already been committed on the ground . There was no going back . This was why Bush and Blair were not prepared to allow the weapons inspectors , who were in Iraq , any more time . Inspectors had found no evidence of WMD in the lead-up to the war and never did , but were ordered to go home . I am not alone in these views . There is a substantial consensus of international legal opinion which recognises the illegality of the invasion . Kofi Annan , then the U.N. Secretary General , told the BBC in 2004 that the Charter had been breached and that the invasion was not sanctioned by the Security Council . FULL COVERAGE : The Iraq War , 10 years on In the UK we are still waiting for the results of a public inquiry into the circumstances in which the decision to go to war was taken . Blair never wanted this inquiry but was forced by the power of the victims ' families and public opinion to accede . So far two years have gone by while the government has obstructed disclosure and publication . It is intolerable and inexcusable . I believe George W. Bush and Tony Blair should be tried for war crimes as defined by international law . In 1998 the International Criminal Court was established to deal with individuals who commit international crimes . Four transgressions were agreed -- war crimes , crimes against humanity , genocide , and the crime of aggression . Unfortunately only the first three have been brought into effect . The UK , to their credit , signed up to the court . But the U.S. did not , lest its leaders end up accused of crimes before the court . ARWA DAMON : Iraq suffocates in cloak of sorrow Whilst the act of aggression can not be prosecuted , war crimes committed thereafter can be . So for example to launch an attack , like the invasion of Iraq , with the knowledge that its effect is likely to cause incidental death or injury to civilians or the natural environment  Article 8  will render the perpetrator liable to prosecution . The use of cluster bombs and depleted uranium in Iraq by coalition forces  euphemistically called collateral damage  upon vulnerable civilians falls within this definition . As a result , a legal consortium of which I was a part , and other groups in Europe , petitioned the ICC for action against UK politicians over their involvement in the war . Nothing has happened . Getting U.S leaders hauled before the court is even more problematic -- the Security Council could refer Americans to the court , but the U.S. is a permanent Council member and can veto any potential referral . Alternatively individual member states could incorporate these crimes of universal jurisdiction into their own domestic law . Then if a U.S. perpetrator of war crimes travelled into that country 's jurisdiction , they could be arrested . The UK has such a provision , but when put to the test by UK citizens seeking arrest warrants in relation to the planned visits of Israeli political and military leaders -- who were potentially responsible for war crimes in Gaza -- the UK government reprehensibly placed impediments in the way of its future use . So George W. Bush can safely plan a visit for tea with Tony Blair in London without fear of prosecution in the UK . The whole episode regarding the Iraq War is a tawdry tale that has subverted the rule of law and tarnished the reputation of international law . Without accountability for Western states , how can we expect the rest of world to respect these principles ? It is time for Bush and Blair to be thoroughly , independently and judicially investigated for the crimes I suggest have been committed and it is time for the crime of aggression to come into force . Until this is redressed , la lotta continua !	Mansfield : Bush , Blair should be tried for war crimes over invasion of Iraq Mansfied : Regime change is not permitted by the U.N. Charter Mansfield : Charter does not authorize preemptive action based on perceived threat
Mashable  -- Why is Rocko , that one-dimensional wallaby from the '90s cartoon series , now a friend of mine on Facebook ? And Charlie Brown ? And Chip 'n' Dale ? Other Facebook users -- if they have n't jumped on the bandwagon already -- will likely see a similar trend in the next few days . A new campaign is asking users to change their profile picture to a photo of a favorite childhood cartoon to raise awareness of child abuse . According to a Facebook Page that appears to be promoting the profile pic switch , this is the Campaign to End Violence Against Children -- Childhood Cartoon Faces . "  Until Monday  Dec. 6  , there should be no human faces on Facebook but an invasion of memories . This is for eliminating violence against children , " the page says . The undisclosed campaign creator asks Facebook users to change their profile pic and share the above statement in their status . The origins of this campaign remain a mystery , as it does n't seem to be affiliated with any official organization . And not that you need to limit child abuse awareness to a certain time of year , but , at least in the U.S. , National Child Abuse Prevention Month is n't until April . Some Facebook commenters have also pointed out the perhaps misdirected effort , posting messages skeptical of any tangible outcomes . "  Yeah ... like this is gon na help end violence against children ... " one commenter wrote . Regardless of the campaign 's effectiveness , or what Malcolm Gladwell would probably say about it , the Childhood Cartoon Faces campaign is catching on . Will you be changing your profile picture ? And what do you think about Facebook awareness campaigns ? Share your thoughts in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	New campaign asking users to change profile pic to a favorite childhood cartoon This is the Campaign to End Violence Against Children Some Facebook commenters have pointed out the perhaps misdirected effort
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Argentine farmers are planning their next move after the country 's president announced plans to fund a public works program with revenues from a controversial agrarian export tax . Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has rejected demands for the repeal of an export tax . Eduardo Buzzi , president of the Argentine Agrarian Federation , said the organization 's directory board will meet Friday to discuss what steps it plans to take in response to President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's announcement . "  We call on farmers across the country to stay calm but to stay on the alert , " the organization said on its Web site Tuesday . The 44 percent export tax , which applies to soybeans , wheat , corn and sunflower seeds , has caused a three-month-old standoff between the government and farmers . Argentina is the world 's second-largest corn exporter and third-largest soybean exporter . On Monday , farmers suspended roadblocks that had snarled traffic across the country , though reports indicated that groups in some rural areas were still blocking roads Tuesday . Kirchner has argued that the tax , which was implemented March 11 , pays for increases in seniors ' pensions and financial assistance for the poor . She has rejected the farmers ' demands for a repeal of the export tax as "  extortion . " Monday marked the first time Kirchner revealed details of how the government plans to use profits from the tax , which has generated about U.S. $ 1.5 billion , to lift people out of poverty . "  It is impossible to attack the problem of the poor without distribution of revenue and without touching extraordinary profits , " she said in a televised address . Kirchner said the Social Redistribution Program will include the construction of 30 hospitals and more than 300 health-care centers , as well as investments in the country 's rural roads and in housing . In an apparent criticism of the farmers , she lamented "  the reaction of some who refuse to contribute in the redistribution " to "  those who have least . " She apologized , however , at the close of her speech for offending anyone . Analysts suggested that the tax was a "  strong attack " on on the farmers and their arguments against it . Claudio Loser , a visiting senior fellow at the Inter-American Dialogue policy analysis center , said it could result in Argentine society being "  less sympathetic to the farmers , " noting that it was "  surprising " that the government did n't come up with the plan until the tax was three months old . Loser , who is from Argentina , also predicted that a continuation of the tax would provoke farmers into not investing . Externally , the standoff has had a two-pronged effect on Argentina , he said . "  The conflict has resulted in a loss of market for Argentina , " he said , as other countries have gone elsewhere for products . Loser also said foreign investors may be more reluctant to invest in Argentina now . CNN 's Carolina Cayazzo and Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Argentine president says export tax will fund massive public works program Farm leaders urge calm as they plan response to president 's announcement The 44 percent tax has caused a 3-month standoff between farmers , government Analyst suggests president 's plan could turn public tide against farmers
EW.com  -- Two years ago , Steve Jobs ' death was followed by a tidal wave of commentary  the tributes , the Walter Isaacson biography , the why-the-iPod-is-as-major-an-invention-as-the-lightbulb analysis  . As a result , most viewers will go into "  Jobs , " a biopic about the Apple co-founder and black-turtlenecked guru of the technocratic age , knowing two fundamental things about him : that he was a visionary perfectionist obsessed with melding technological form and function into products that would tickle the hearts and minds of the people who used them ; and that he was so possessed by that mission that he could be a control-freak dictator , a fanatic , an over-the-top jerk . Still , watching Jobs , with its basic warts-and-all accuracy and shrewd , unsweetened performance by Ashton Kutcher  who was obviously cast because he looks like Jobs , but who bites into the role with his incisors  , I was surprised and frequently compelled by what a starkly honest portrait it is . The movie opens in 1974 , when Jobs is a shaggy , barefoot college dropout . He picks up on the inventiveness of his friend , Steve Wozniak  Josh Gad  , who has figured out how to hook up a keyboard to a television monitor . Jobs then fast-talks  or is it strong-arms ?  his way into a deal to sell 50 of these contraptions to a local retailer . They 've got just two months to build the machines , and the film neatly re-enacts the eager-beaver , geek-in-the-garage intensity that is the founding image of the home-computer age . When Wozniak , a burly nerd who works on this stuff mostly so that he can feel like one of the guys , takes out his trusty soldering iron to attach transistors to a flat green board , Jobs channels the early paradox of computer culture : that to us the gizmos seemed light , virtual , magical , but to the people who invented them , they were built , diode by diode . At the same time , almost everything we see Jobs do that does n't involve designing computers is unconscionable . He 's so possessed with getting his company off the ground that when his girlfriend announces she 's pregnant , he treats it as an imposition , something he had nothing to do with , and he develops the  pathological  conviction that the child is n't his . At work , his inspirational mission statements begin to teeter into harangues . As the movie goes on , Jobs evolves from a grouchy hippie to a corporate sharpie in three-piece suits , and Kutcher lets his voice get more and more crisp with grandiosity , so that he 's not talking , he 's lecturing , because he 's the only one who grasps the inner truth of computer design as transcendence . He runs Apple as if it were an est seminar . Anyone who is n't a fellow true believer is out the door .  Even most of the true believers do n't get stock options . Like "  The Social Network , " Jobs is a technology yarn that 's really a high-wire business story . The essential tale it tells is that Steve Jobs , in the years after he founded Apple , became so obsessed with creating the perfect home-computer product that he turned into a bad businessman , tossing away millions of dollars in research , and bogging the company down while he fetishized perfecting the Macintosh . A lot of the movie is about his battles with executives , board members , and John Sculley  Matthew Modine  , the CEO he hires away from Pepsi . They all start off as Jobs ' comrades and end up his enemies . I 'm a sucker for these kinds of big-money power faceoffs , and Joshua Michael Stern , the director of Jobs , stages them well , yet with a one-thing-after-another quality that does n't allow any one character to become somebody we care about . Dermot Mulroney plays Mike Markkula , the original investor in Apple , who sticks by Jobs for two decades and ends up getting thrown over the side . I guess we 're supposed to be drop-kicked by this the way we were by Mark Zuckerberg 's lack of personal loyalty in The Social Network , but the comparison just reveals the difference between the two films . In "  The Social Network , " the human drama behind the founding of Facebook is volcanic . In Jobs , Gad 's deadpan flip performance as Wozniak strikes the most relatable note in the movie , but the only thing we 're really arrested by , apart from the spectacle of Jobs ' bad behavior , is seeing him talk about computers . The ironic thrust of the movie is that Jobs ' humanity is there in that perfectionistic insanity . He pushes and pushes to make home computers more and more appealing , accessible , and user-friendly , and that 's his great gift to the world . Jobs gets tossed out of his own company because he 's too far ahead of his time .  Ultimately , of course , he came back to Apple and triumphed .  Getting ousted must have been devastating , but Jobs does n't really take us on that personal journey with him . The movie 's fall-and-redemption narrative is generic , abstract . And maybe that 's because the reason that this movie even exists  $ " the notion that Steve Jobs is The One Who Changed Our Lives  $ " has been , to put it mildly , a little overhyped . He did n't invent the personal computer , although he did refine it into something more seductively handy and even beautiful . Personally , I 'm a devotee of Steve Jobs ' products , but even as Jobs sticks to the facts of Jobs ' life  and what a difficult person he could be  , the movie gets a little too caught up in his legend . Grade B See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ashton Kutcher portrays the late Steve Jobs in the big screen biopic The film opens in 1974 Josh Gad gives a solid performance as Steve Wozniak
Gaborone , Botswana  CNN  -- While Botswana is perhaps best known for its wildlife reserves , a burgeoning counter-culture is painting a very different image of the small south African country . Clad in leather , adorned in spikes and topped off with cowboy hats , these are Botswana 's heavy metal heads . CNN got up close to the hardcore rockers and discovered a passionate retro scene proudly celebrating its African heritage . While Western head bangers are most commonly associated with sneakers and band t-shirts , Botswana 's fans have carved a unique image reminiscent of the 1970s New Wave British heavy metal scene . Watch : Fighting for Botswana 's traditions Photographer Frank Marshall captured the rockers in all their Hell 's Angels-style glory as part of his Renegades exhibition , on display at the Rooke Gallery in Johannesburg . "  Metal was seeded here by a classic rock band that started in the early 70s . Since then , it 's evolved and grown , " he said . "  In the last 10 to 20 years , it 's come to be visually composed of what it looks like now -- the guys dressed in leather . It started off with classic rock and later on more extreme forms of metals were introduced . " Marshall described a macho scene with unique rituals , adding : "  There 's a strong sense of camaraderie amongst them . That 's the first thing you 'll notice about them as an outsider coming in . They 've got a very strong bond and friendship with each other . "  They 're very physical . At the shows , you do n't just shake their hands . They 'll grab your hand and shake you around . "  They embody the very aggressive elements of metal . It 's an expression of power . Everything is an expression of power for them , from the clothes to the way they speak to the way they walk . They walk with very deliberate lurching strides . "  To them , it 's perfectly normal . Maybe for an outside observer , from the west it might seem bizarre or comical but not here . They 're respected and revered in some ways as well . " Watch : Gabon 's hip-hop culture With names like Demon and Gunsmoke it would be easy to dismiss the rockers as thugs . But in fact , the titles come with a strong awareness of social responsibility . "  We try to portray a good figure . We 're trying to be role models . I know rock used to be a hardcore thing but actually it 's something in our heart too , " heavy metal head Gunsmoke said . "  It 's all about brothers in arms . Brothers in metal -- we 're there for each other . That 's the way we identify ourselves . " The leather-clad rockers share a similar aesthetic to notorious motorcycle gang the Hell 's Angels . But that 's where the likeness ends . According to Gunsmoke , the African head bangers are seen as a type of guardian angel , rather than the Hell 's variety . "  Kids follow us around . Parents approach us . We 're there for a good cause actually . We help people on the streets at night , " he said . And for the hardcore fans , heavy metal is more than just a scene -- it 's part of the national identity . Even the Botswana president Ian Khama is a fan . Or at least that 's according to Gunsmoke . "  We want to make him proud . He made us proud with one man like him leading the nation . Why should we be scared when our president is a rocker ? " Gunsmoke argued . "  Bots is known as a small country . People used to think it was a province of south Africa . "  But if we can stand tall on this family then we can be known as much as the country was unknown . " Watch : Building music schools in townships It 's a uniquely African movement , and one that celebrates a special spiritual connection to the land . Gunsmoke pointed to the use of animal horns in fashion , as a representation of Africa . "  Most of us are in a tribe . The totems are animals . We 've got the crocodile , lion , hare , rabbit . You name it . It 's part of your culture , " he added . African mythology and folklore loom large in the lyrics of Botswana band Skinflint . CNN caught up with lead singer Giuseppe at a gig just outside the capital Gaborone . "  We have a lot of ancestral beliefs - back in the day they used to believe that if someone dies and you touch the dead person then Gauna will come and take your soul , " he said . "  Gauna was created on a 7-inch vinyl and it was distributed by Legion of Death Records in France . We 're the first ever African heavy metal band to release something on vinyl . " The white singer also pointed to the unifying powers of heavy metal , saying : "  The metal nation knows no racial boundaries . We 're all one . We all speak one common language and it 's called heavy metal . "  Metal is a music about power , independence and freedom . That 's what I believe in -- fighting for what you believe in no matter the consequences . Standing up for what you believe in and showing individuality . " Sheena McKenzie contributed to this report	Leather , spikes and cowboy hats : introducing Botswana 's metal heads Unlike Western head bangers , Botswana fans hark back to retro 1970s British style Rather than ` Hell 's Angels , ' rockers see themselves as ` guardian angels ' President Ian Khama is said to be a heavy metal fan
CNN  -- English double winners Chelsea have completed their second major signing of the summer after swooping for Benfica 's Brazilian international midfielder Ramires on Friday . The 23-year-old -- who starred for Brazil at the World Cup finals in South Africa -- has signed a four-year contract for a fee in the region of 20 million euros . The protracted transfer , which was held up because of work permit issues , has signed too late to make his debut in the opening Premier League match against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday . Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti told a press conference : "  He is a fantastic player , a fantastic midfielder . "  He is very young and will be the future of the Brazilian national team , and I hope he will be the future of Chelsea . " Speaking to the club 's official website , former Cruzeiro midfielder Ramires added : "  Every player in the world would love to play for Chelsea . "  It 's a great opportunity that was given to me , I will give my best to repay this chance , and I am very happy . " Ramires joins Yossi Benayoun , who joined from Liverpool , in signing for the London club this summer . However , a number of players have left Stamford Bridge since the ` Double ' was won in May with Joe Cole , Michael Ballack , Juliano Belletti , Deco , Ricardo Carvalho and Scott Sinclair all departing over the close season .	English double winners Chelsea completed their second major signing of the summer Chelsea swoop for Brazilian midfielder Ramires from Benfica for a fee of 20m euros The Brazilian international midfielder signs a four-year contract with the London club The 23-year-old joins Yossi Benayoun in moving to Stamford Bridge during the summer
CNN  Call it a false memory . A trick of the mind . Or a "  misremembrance . " Television anchor Brian Williams is n't the first person to be embarrassed by claiming a remembrance that , well , never really happened . Recent history shows how several famous figures suffered what one expert labels a false "  flashbulb " memory . Astrophysicist and television host Neil deGrasse Tyson , a protege of the late Carl Sagan , claimed he heard President George W. Bush make a remark intended to highlight divisions between Judeo-Christian Americans and fundamentalist Muslims . Tyson 's assertion is still published on the webpage of the Hayden Planetarium , which he runs . "  After the 9/11 attacks , when President George W. Bush , in a speech aimed at distinguishing the U.S. from the Muslim fundamentalists , said , ` Our God is the God who named the stars . ' The problem is two-thirds of all the stars that have names , have Arabic names . I do n't think he knew this . This would confound the point that he was making , " Tyson said in a 2008 speech . Fact checkers found Tyson 's recollection to be wrong , and The New York Times even published an opinion piece in December 2014 by two psychology professors about the Tyson incident and "  Why Our Memory Fails Us . " "  In his post-9 / 11 speech , Mr. Bush actually said , ` The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends , ' and he said nothing about the stars , " wrote professors Christopher Chabris and Daniel Simons . "  Mr. Bush had indeed once said something like what Dr. Tyson remembered ; in 2003 Mr. Bush said , in tribute to the astronauts lost in the Columbia space shuttle explosion , that ` the same creator who names the stars also knows the names of the seven souls we mourn today . ' " Tyson later published an explanation and an apology on his Facebook page . He noted how "  blogosphere headlines " carried "  accusations of me being a compulsive liar and a fabricator . " "  And I here publicly apologize to the President for casting his quote in the context of contrasting religions rather than as a poetic reference to the lost souls of Columbia . I have no excuse for this , other than both events -- so close to one another -- upset me greatly . In retrospect , I 'm surprised I remembered any details from either of them , " Tyson wrote in September 2014 . There 's a twist on the Tyson tale , the two professors noted in The New York Times . Even President Bush suffered a false memory of what he saw on television the day of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Bush recalled more than once how he saw the first plane hit the north of the World Trade Center before he entered a classroom in Florida , where his reaction to the devastating attacks was forever captured on television cameras . "  In reality , he had been told that a plane had hit the building , but had not seen it -- there was no live footage of the plane hitting the tower , " the two professors wrote . Bush 's misremembrance was even the subject of a scholarly essay in 2004 by then graduate student Daniel Greenberg of Duke University , now a human memory expert who 's a professor at the College of Charleston in South Carolina . Greenberg analyzed three recollections made by Bush of the event in a paper entitled , "  President Bush 's False ` Flashbulb ' Memory of 9/11/01 . " Greenberg found two of Bush 's recollections to be impossible because footage of the first plane strike was n't available at that moment in time . "  How can we explain these inconsistencies ? " Greenberg wrote . "  Over the past century , numerous studies have shown that people frequently suffer from false memories -- fictitious ` memories ' for events that did not really happen . " Noting how the President had access to aides to jog his memory , Greenberg concluded : "  We might expect that he would be better off than the average university undergraduate -- however , like so many others , he appears to be suffering from a near-textbook case of false recall . " When campaigning for president in the automobile mecca of Michigan in 2012 , Mitt Romney claimed he witnessed as a child a famous event in Detroit : the golden jubilee of the car on June 1 , 1946 . In fact , Romney said , his father was the master of ceremonies . "  I think my dad had a job , like , being the grandmaster or whatever of the 50th celebration of the automobile in Detroit , " Romney told a tea party rally in Milford , according to the Boston Globe . "  They painted Woodward Avenue with gold paint . My memory 's a little foggy here , so , uh , but -- yeah I was probably 4 or something like that . But they had the cars go down Woodward Avenue . " Problem was , Romney was n't even born yet . The event occurred nine months before his birth . The Toronto Star exposed the misremembrance . "  The timelines suggest Romney could well have been conceived that day . But it is inconceivable he was actually there , " the paper reported . A Romney aide told the Boston Globe that the Republican candidate was merely telling a story about a family member . "  Mitt does n't say he was there . In fact , he says his memory was foggy , " the aide said . "  He was simply telling the story about his dad . " In her own campaign for the U.S. presidency in 2008 , Hillary Clinton stated she evaded sniper fire when visiting Bosnia as first lady in 1996 . While seeking votes , she provided a dramatic recollection of the event , which occurred on March 25 , 1996 . "  I remember landing under sniper fire . There was supposed to be some kind of a greeting ceremony at the airport , but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our base , " said Clinton , a Democrat . But her account was eventually challenged , first by the comedian Sinbad who traveled with her , and then by media outlets , The New York Times reported . The Philadelphia Daily News ' editorial board confronted her with video footage showing Clinton 's arrival at Tuzla , calmly walking from the rear ramp of a U.S. Air Force plane with her daughter , Chelsea , then 16 , at her side . Both Clintons held their heads up and did not appear rushed . The video also showed Clinton spending several minutes talking with the group , including an 8-year-old Bosnian girl who presented her with a poem , and later greeting U.S. troops . Clinton told the editorial board that she "  misspoke " and the falsehood was a "  minor blip . " "  I say a lot of things -- millions of words a day -- so if I misspoke , that was just a misstatement , " she said . In a subsequent radio interview , Clinton was n't worried about the incident hurting her credibility . "  I have been in the public eye for many , many years , and this is something that I think happens to anybody , " she told radio station KDKA in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . His memoir seemed as good as gold . It was , after all , endorsed by Oprah Winfrey for her influential book club . James Frey 's "  A Million Little Pieces " touched the nation and its endless compassion when he recounted a purported dramatic experience with substance abuse and recovery . The book sold millions of copies and became a best-seller . But the investigative website The Smoking Gun found Frey 's life was n't as exciting as he portrayed it . Frey eventually admitted he embellished events about himself and other characters in the book . "  I made a mistake , " he later confessed to Oprah Winfrey in 2006 . "  I made a lot of mistakes in writing the book and promoting the book . " Pressed if he lied or made a mistake , Frey elaborated on what happened . "  I think probably both , " he said . He admitted to embellishing several facts : he was jailed for only a few hours , not 87 days ; and each character in the book was n't wholly represented . But he asserted his book remained a memoir . He told CNN 's Larry King that no one objected to about 200 pages of re-created conversations in the book , because it 's understood that those are subjective memories . "  In every case , I did the best I could to recreate my life according to my memory of it , " Frey told King . "  When I had supporting documents , I used them . " Winfrey retracted her support of the author , saying she felt "  conned " by him .	TV host Neil deGrasse Tyson apologized for a false memory of a President Bush comment George W. Bush misremembered seeing the first plane strike the World Trade Center Hillary Clinton falsely recalled she came under sniper fire as first lady
Oprah.com  -- 1 . "  The Other Boleyn Girl " "  Gregory is one of my favorite authors , " says Lawrence . "  I 've always loved history , and she makes it ... salacious . " Narrated by Anne Boleyn 's sister Mary -- who managed to keep her head -- Gregory 's best-seller takes a new look at the oft-told story of the loves of Henry VIII and the political and religious intrigues and rivalries that roiled not just life in the English court but the whole of Europe . Oprah.com : 17 must read books for April 2012 2 . "  Raise High the Roof Beam , Carpenters " When she was 14 , Lawrence traveled to New York City to start her career , so Salinger 's tales of the quintessential New York family -- the brilliant , sophisticated , doomed Glasses -- have a special place in her heart . "  I 'm so drawn to Salinger 's view of society back then , and to his sarcasm . I read "  Catcher in the Rye " first , then this one . I do n't think there 's ever been anything like these characters in American literature . " Oprah.com : What Jonathan Safran Foer knows for sure about amazement 3 . "  We Need to Talk About Kevin " Shriver 's haunting novel is not quite horror and not quite thriller , "  but it 's definitely dramatic , " Lawrence says . A mother 's story of watching helplessly as her son grows from an angry child into a horrifically violent young man , the book won 2005 's Orange Prize for fiction and inspired the recent movie starring Tilda Swinton . "  I would n't read it if I had kids or if I were pregnant , " she warns . Oprah.com : Find a  sort of  sequel to your favorite book 4 . "  Anna Karenina " Lawrence 's "  Hunger Games " costar Donald Sutherland introduced her to the novel one day while the two of them were doing what actors do most on set -- waiting . "  We were talking about Walt Whitman and "  Leaves of Grass " , and he mentioned this novel , which he gave me on his last day of shooting . " The familiar story of Anna , who naively sacrifices her comfortable  and stifling  marriage for true love and finds herself cut off from everything she knows , was a surprise to Lawrence . "  I really was n't expecting to like it . I thought I would n't want to finish an 800-page book , but then I started slowing down and reading the same chapters over and over . You fall in love with the characters ; you grow up with them . " Oprah.com : So many books , so little time : A passionate reader 's story 5 . "  The Rum Diary " "  You can tell in one sentence if what you 're reading is by Thompson , " Lawrence says of the late journalist 's gonzo style . Published in 1998 , nearly 40 years after it was begun , this fictionalized memoir -- released as a film with Johnny Depp in 2011 -- contains all the Thompson trademarks : drunken excess ; surreal , violent episodes ; fascinating , often despicable characters . "  You read a Thompson book because of his voice . He 's always getting wrecked in San Juan and reporting on cockfights . He 's just hilarious . " Oprah.com : 6 lovely little novels nobody 's heard of  yet Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	"  I 'm so drawn to Salinger 's view of society back then , and to his sarcasm , " says Lawrence "  Hunger Games " costar Donald Sutherland introduced Lawrence to "  Anna Karenina " Lawrence finds author Hunter S. Thompson who penned "  The Rum Diary " hilarious
CNN  -- It had always been a day destined for thrills and spills , but Sunday 's denouement to the Spanish league season ended in chaos as a vital relegation match between Osasuna and Real Betis at the El Sadar stadium , Pamplona , was halted after a barrier collapsed , injuring almost 60 people . Osasuna fans surged forwards when Oriol Riera scored a 12th minute goal , in a game the home team had to win to have any chance of avoiding relegation . But a metal fence collapsed under the weight of people , sparking scenes of chaos as the match was suspended . Fans were ferried from the scene on stretchers as the authorities assessed the damage , tended to the wounded and made emergency repairs to the broken fence . Ten people were taken to hospital whilst another 48 people were treated for minor injuries at the scene . "  It had been many years since I had been to El Sadar , " Real Betis coach Gabriel Humberto Calderon said after the game , according to AFP . "  I was surprised by the state of the stadium in 2014 and the politicians need to do something to have a stadium that belongs to 2014 and Osasuna . " The match was restarted 35 minutes later , from the 11th minute . Almost immediately Osasuna went 2-0 up against a Betis side already relegated . But the delay had caused a dilemma . The matches involving teams fighting relegation were due to start and finish at the same time so not to give one team an advantage over the others . Controversially , it was decided to extend half time at the other games so that the second halves across Spain would kick off at the same time . Osasuna went on to win the match 2-1 , but it was n't enough . Granada 's 1-0 victory over Valladolid meant that the result in Pamplona was immaterial . "  It is a very sad day personally and professionally for me , " Osasuna boss Javi Gracia told AFP after the game . "  I am very sorry that the team has been relegated . I am sorry for the situation we have come to and I hope Osasuna will be back in the Primera as soon as possible . "  Despite winning , we did n't have it in our own hands and the results did n't go our way . At this time any analysis of the game and the situation has no meaning for me given the moment in which the team , the club and everyone is experiencing . " Elsewhere , Getafe ensured they will be in Spain 's top tier next season after Romanian international Ciprian Marica scored twice to beat Rayo Vallecano 2-1 . Almeria 's 0-0 draw against Athletic Bilbao was enough to ensure their safety too . But the enduring image from the final day of the Spanish season will be of a catastrophe narrowly avoided .	Spanish league finale overshadowed by stadium collapse Osasuna had taken the lead against Real Betis when fence gave way Nearly 60 fans injured , but none seriously Osasuna win , but are relegated into Spain 's second division
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Private military contractor Blackwater USA "  delayed and impeded " a congressional probe into the 2004 killings of four of its employees in Falluja , Iraq , the House Oversight Committee said Thursday in a report . Family members of the slain Blackwater employees listen during a congressional hearing earlier this year . Blackwater contractors Jerry Zovko , Scott Helvenston , Mike Teague and Wesley Batalona were ambushed , dragged from their vehicles and killed on March 31 , 2004 . The burned and mutilated remains of two of the men were hung from a bridge over the Euphrates River , an image that fueled American outrage and triggered the first of two attempts to retake the city from Sunni Arab insurgents . The company stalled the committee 's investigation into the incident by "  erroneously claiming " documents related to the incident were classified , trying to get the Defense Department to make previously unclassified documents classified and "  asserting questionable legal privileges , " according to a report from the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee 's Democratic staff . According to Blackwater 's reports on the killings , the men killed in Falluja had been sent into the area without proper crew , equipment or even maps . One company document found a "  complete lack of support " for its Baghdad , Iraq , office from executives at the company 's headquarters in North Carolina , the committee report states . "  According to these documents , Blackwater took on the Falluja mission before its contract officially began , and after being warned by its predecessor that it was too dangerous . It sent its team on the mission without properly armored vehicles and machine guns . And it cut the standard mission team by two members , thus depriving them of rear gunners , " the report states . In a written response to the report , Blackwater called it "  a one-sided version of this tragic incident . " "  What the report fails to acknowledge is that the terrorists determined what happened that fateful day in 2004 , " the company said . "  The terrorists were intent on killing Americans and desecrating their bodies . Documents that the committee has in its possession point out that the Blackwater team was betrayed and directed into a well-planned ambush . " The report notes that members of the now-defunct Iraqi Civil Defense Corps "  led the team into the ambush , facilitated blocking positions to prevent the team 's escape , and then disappeared . " Blackwater did not discuss details of the report 's findings , noting the incident is still the subject of a lawsuit by the slain contractors ' families . The committee 's chairman , California Democrat Henry Waxman , has scheduled a hearing Tuesday on Blackwater 's operations in Iraq . The company 's chairman , Erik Prince , is scheduled to testify at that hearing . The committee previously disclosed that the day before the fatal mission , the manager of Blackwater 's Baghdad office warned his bosses he lacked armored vehicles , radio gear and ammunition . During February 's hearing and in a subsequent written response , Blackwater general counsel Andrew Howell told the committee that documents on the attack had been classified by the U.S. government . But the Pentagon later told the committee the documents had not been classified . In addition , Blackwater made "  multiple attempts " to get the Defense Department to declare company and Coalition Provisional Authority reports on the incident classified , the report states . The Pentagon refused . The families of the slain men have sued Blackwater Security Consulting , one of the most familiar of hundreds of private military contractors operating in Iraq . The families allege the company failed to provide their relatives with adequate gear and weaponry . Blackwater has denied the allegations and argued the men agreed to assume the risks of working in a war zone . Thursday 's report adds to the intense scrutiny the company has faced since it was involved in shootings September 16 in western Baghdad . Iraqi authorities said Blackwater guards protecting a U.S. Embassy convoy opened fire indiscriminately , killing as many as 20 civilians . Blackwater said its employees responded properly to an insurgent attack on the convoy . Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte on Thursday told a Senate committee that "  something went tragically wrong " in the Baghdad incident , and that the State Department and Iraqi authorities are conducting a thorough investigation . He said Blackwater guards had fired their weapons on 56 of the 1,873 escort missions they have conducted in Iraq in 2007 , "  And each such incident is reviewed by management officials to ensure that procedures were followed . " "  I personally was grateful for the presence of my Blackwater security detail , largely comprised of ex-Special Forces and other military , when I served as ambassador to Iraq , " Negroponte told the Senate Appropriations Committee on Wednesday in response to questions . "  Their alert and controlled posture kept me safe -- to get my job done . " E-mail to a friend	House probe : Blackwater tried to delay , impede investigation into 2004 killings Four Blackwater employees ambushed , killed in Falluja in 2004 incident Company said unclassified documents were classified , report says Blackwater calls report "  a one-sided version of this tragic incident "
It 's astounding how fast the words of a 22-year-old woman , her life suddenly cut short , have spread across the Internet and into the hearts and minds of people all over the world . Marina Keegan , a budding writer , was once published by the New York Times and had a job lined up at the New Yorker . Also a playwright , she had a musical slated for a staging in August at the New York International Fringe Festival . She wrote a moving essay in the Yale Daily News to inspire her fellow seniors as they graduated last week . She died in a car crash a few days later . That column , in which she strives to remind her peers that "  we have so much time , " has taken on a tragic , powerful resonance . Discussing the "  immense and indefinable potential energy " many felt as freshmen , she wrote that it 's important to remember "  we can still do anything . We can change our minds . We can start over . ... We 're so young . We ca n't , we MUST not lose this sense of possibility because in the end , it 's all we have . " The loss of Keegan is heartbreaking for many reasons . One of them is that she surely would have been among the too few people in the world who chase their dreams and bring them to fruition . I know what it is to feel the "  sense of possibility " she described . I felt it when I was at Yale in the '90s . Since then , I 've lived by it . I 've also had time to see what distinguishes those who chase dreams from those who give up . Two friends of mine , fellow Yalies who graduated in different years and do n't know each other , told me that in the years after college , they felt "  betrayed " by some friends who had wonderful plans for the future and swiftly gave up on them . People who did n't harness their creativity to carve new paths . People who became focused on making more and more money and little else , who never took chances , because they got too busy , more interested in wealth or stature than doing something amazing , or just forgot about those dreams . In each case , I asked my friend how that amounted to betrayal . And each gave me the same answer : The plans we had for the future were n't just plans or hopes . They were a pact . We would take the education and incredible opportunities we had been given and go out and fight for a better world in new ways . Separately , together . It 's what Keegan touched on in her last line to her class : "  We 're in this together , 2012 . Let 's make something happen to this world . " As I 've written before , the world needs more visionaries . From electricity to vaccines to Hubble , everything humanity has created that improves our lives exists because dreamers pursued their visions . It 's not easy , and it can become harder as you grow up and have families dependent on you . Life exhausts and distracts you into shelving aspirations . Making them happen is hard work . But it 's incomparably rewarding . There is every reason to believe that Keegan would have fought for hers . It 's clear in her writing . Written from the perspective of a young woman at the dawn of her adult life , her words are a stunning bookend to something David Brooks wrote about in October in the New York Times : a collection of short autobiographies that members of the Yale class of 1942 wrote for their 50th reunion . People who "  passively let their lives happen to them " lamented "  how boring they must seem , " while others "  regret the risk not taken , " Brooks wrote . "  The most exciting essays were written by the energetic , restless people , who took their lives off in new directions midcourse . " Anyone with an unfulfilled dream would do well to keep that in mind -- and should read Keegan 's column , because it applies to them as well . The essays by people who "  felt summoned to do one thing , " Brooks added , "  ring with passion and conviction . " That 's about instincts , which are ultimately the key to chasing dreams and the biggest driver for those of us who do n't give up . We let ourselves tune out everything else and listen to what our instincts are telling us we have to do . That 's why nothing can stop us . It 's easy to imagine that nothing would have stopped Keegan . Her death is also a reminder of a daily tragedy . While U.S. fatalities in car crashes are decreasing , far too many families and friends know the pain of such loss . Keegan , above all else , valued family and friends . In this , she seemed wise beyond her years . I was -- like many other ambitious young people -- so focused on career goals , it took me years to gain the perspective she had and live by the knowledge that the loved ones you surround yourself with are by far the most important thing in life . "  We do n't have a word for the opposite of loneliness , but if we did , I could say that 's what I want in life , " she wrote . Yale graduates from 70 years before her say the same . "  For almost all , family and friends mattered most , " Brooks wrote . Keegan 's words give us all reason to remember the world of possibilities before us and to make sure we 're valuing time with loved ones . In her death , she just may be inspiring people to live better , deeper , more exciting lives -- with "  passion and conviction . " And that 's unforgettable .	Josh Levs : Marina Keegan , a new Yale grad off to promising future , was killed in crash He says she embodied idea of reaching for , achieving dreams ; was writer , playwright He says some fellow grads who hoped for great things found life intervened Levs : Keegan 's life an example of following instincts , passion , valuing friends and family
CNN  -- Prime Minister Vladimir Putin says he has won Russia 's presidential election , restoring the former KGB officer to the office he held for eight years before term limits forced him to step down in 2008 . Putin won 63 % of the votes with more than 99 % of the vote counted in an election whose outcome was never in doubt , according to monitors and activists . "  The point of an election is that the outcome should be uncertain . This was not the case in Russia , " the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said Monday , while urging Russia to hold fair elections . Opposition activist and former chess champion Garry Kasparov also accused Putin 's supporters of "  massive fraud " early Monday by packing the polls with additional voters . While Putin 's victory seems certain , it is less clear what his return to Russia 's most powerful office means for the country and its relationship with the world . What next for Russia 's opposition ? Russian opposition leaders predict a massive escalation in their campaign following Putin 's announcement of his latest election victory , and Russian security forces broke up a planned anti-Putin protest in central Moscow on Monday evening . Outspoken opposition leader Alexei Navalny , who once branded Putin 's United Russia party as "  the party of crooks and thieves , " told CNN before the election : "  You have to put pressure on government until they give us back the things they 've stolen from us . " In pictures : How Putin cultivated strongman image Organizers of the protest movement are trying to maintain the momentum they have built up since December , when reports of fraud during parliamentary elections sent tens of thousands of Russians into the streets of Moscow to challenge Putin 's leadership and demand democratic reforms -- the largest demonstrations in two decades , according to analysts and political observers . Another opposition leader wants anti-Putin protests to become a fact of daily life in Moscow . "  After his supposed inauguration in May , I think we will have a camp in Moscow , and the protests will become permanent , " Ilya Ponomarev told CNN . "  Our objective is to bar him from taking the oath . " Can Putin govern the same way he did before ? While Putin warned during the election campaign that Putin 2.0 would look a lot like Putin 1.0 , expert Richard Sakwa says there is significant political change on the horizon in Russia . "  Times have changed , and he can not go back to the old style of governing , " said Sakwa , an Associate Fellow of the Russia and Eurasia Program at London-based think-tank Chatham House . "  And the fact he 's confirmed he 'll have Dmitri Medvedev as Prime Minister suggests that he will not reverse the liberalizing reforms announced on December 22 . " In an attempt to address the popular discontent following parliamentary elections in December , Medvedev proposed that Russia return to direct elections of regional governors , simplify the registration of political parties and presidential candidates , and establish a new editorially-independent national public TV channel . He also announced a number of new anti-corruption measures and called for the redistribution of power and financial resources from the federal government to local governments across the country . Sakwa says Putin is a pragmatist at heart and that enacting reforms will actually benefit the president-elect in the long run . "  The old system was stifling and ultimately it delegitimized Putin 's rule , " said Sakwa . "  But the new measures will be adopted , and all of them are absolutely fundamental truthful changes that will change the whole dynamic of contemporary Russian politics . " What does it mean for the average Russian ? Post-election Russia will look remarkably similar to pre-election Russia , according to CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , because Putin was already pulling most of the strings during Medvedev 's four-year presidency . "  Putin , in a sense , never left . Putin was running the government and the economy on a day to day basis , " Zakaria writes . "  While he had ceded the presidency , and therefore foreign policy , to Dmitri Medvedev , it was really a charade -- Putin was behind most of the most important decisions anyway . " For all of the flaws of the election , Sakwa says it is important to remember that Putin remains genuinely popular with a large segment of the Russian population . "  There 's still a sense that he can deliver those public goods , " Sakwa told CNN on Monday . "  And while a Putin government has its downsides -- the stifling of small businesses , the weakness of the rule of law , the stifling media environment -- I think that 's going to open up . " "  It has to be a major push to ensure to protect the rights of property and limit collusion , because otherwise the economy will maintain its lack of diversity and competitiveness , " said Sakwa . The Russian economy is primarily based on natural resources including oil and natural gas , and Zakaria believes there is little advantage for the Putin regime in seeing that change , adding : "  The more you diversify , the more prospect there is for losing political control . " What does it mean for Russia 's relationship with the West ? Putin 's official return to the helm comes at a time where Russia has found itself at odds with much of the Western world due to its support for Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria and its rejection of further U.S. and EU sanctions against Iran for its nuclear activities -- and Sakwa does n't expect that to change anytime soon . "  It 's going to be a very bumpy and tough time -- Putin is not going to be anyone 's patsy over Syria , over Iran , or anything else , " he told CNN . "  We look as if we 're gearing up for lots of difficult political discussions over the future of the Middle East . " While the West has long tried to delegitimize his policies and regime , Sakwa says Putin has always been careful not to let Russia become a new Soviet Union-style anti-Western bloc . "  It 's going to be a lot of tough talking ... but in recent documents Putin has shown what he did when he first came to power -- a very strong pro-European tendency , " Sakwa said . "  We see the relationship now with the EU is in the doldrums , and I would anticipate an attempt to revive and rejuvenate that relationship . " How long can Putin hold onto power ? Putin 's win in this election means he could potentially complete two more terms as Russian president before being required by law to step down again in 2024 -- potentially bringing his time as Russian President and Prime Minister to a total 24 years , just short of the record held by Soviet dictator Josef Stalin . Whether Putin stays on as president for two more terms is largely down to whether he can make changes demanded by a Russian population that is gradually growing weary of his rule , according to Sakwa . "  I think there is a clear sense that Putin has outstayed his welcome , " said Sakwa . "  But he 'll make it through this term if he puts himself at the head of a gradual evolutionary reform movement . " Whether Putin can reform remains to be seen , but Sakwa says he is n't going anywhere for now . "  Barring a catastrophe , Putin 's going to serve six years , so we have just have to get used to working with him again . " The CNN Wire , CNN 's Phil Black and Fareed Zakaria contributed to this report .	Vladimir Putin poised to assume a third term as Russian president following election Russian opposition leaders predict massive escalation in anti-Putin protests Expert : Putin can not go back to old style of governing , must institute liberalizing reforms Zakaria : Post-election Russia will look remarkably similar to pre-election Russia
CNN  -- A priceless piece of American presidential history will go on sale next week in New York . President George Washington 's personal copy of the Acts of Congress , including the United States Constitution and a draft of the Bill of Rights with his own handwritten notations will be sold at auction . It is estimated to fetch between $ 2 million and $ 3 million , according to Christie 's Auction House . "  It gives us a very clear picture of the first president and his determination to be president according to the rules bound by the Constitution and later by the Bill of Rights , " said Chris Coover , senior specialist in books and manuscripts at Christie 's . "  It 's unique . There is nothing like it . This is the only annotated Constitution that Washington ever did and it 's a wonderful evocation of a great man , " Coover said . The presidential artifact was specially printed and bound for the first American president in 1789 . Two similar versions were created for Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson and Attorney General John Jay . President Washington wrote notes in pencil that are still visible in the margins of the text . Washington 's signature is also on the cover page . "  These notations highlight key passages concerning the president 's responsibilities , testifying to Washington 's careful , conscientious approach to his powers and responsibilities in his groundbreaking first term , " according to Christie 's . The 223-year-old presidential volume includes an engraved bookplate with the Washington family crest emblazoned on a marbleized inside cover . This piece of American history was part of the personal archive of noted collector H. Richard Dietrich Jr. . The historic volume is being sold by his estate , according to Christie 's . The book was part of the president 's personal library held at Mount Vernon until 1876 . It was sold at auction and has had several notable owners since that time , including William Randolph Hearst and the Heritage Foundation , according to Christie 's . Bidding for the object opens at 12:30 p.m. June 22 in Rockefeller Plaza .	Artifact was specially printed and bound for the first American president in 1789 Washington 's handwritten notes are visible in the margins It is estimated to fetch between $ 2 million and $ 3 million , auction house says
CNN  -- Blaring ads , arguments with co-workers , family and  former  Facebook friends . The cold nip in the air is already driving you over the edge , but presidential elections really make you want to bury your head in the sand . No need to flee the country without voting . The State Department and the Federal Voting Assistance Program offer guidance for U.S. citizens . But if you do n't want to hear any more about it after that , a warm weather getaway might be just the ticket . If the elections do n't go your way , hold onto this list . These places are great ex-pat havens . Eat Like a Local : Share your favorite spots Tahiti Tahiti is one of the most remote island chains in the world , a place where the peaceful lifestyle , luscious green mountains and deep blue waters fed the muses of painter Paul Gauguin , writer James Michener and many others . Patricia Schultz , author of "  1000 Places to See Before You Die , " recently returned from French Polynesia 's Tahiti , where she especially loved the island of Bora Bora . Even more places to see before you die "  It takes about a minute to know it 's the place to effortlessly drop off the map , " she said via e-mail . "  Everyone greets you with ` Ia orana ' - hello - and wears large , luscious flowers in their hair . " Schultz stayed in luxury at the Four Seasons , but she said there are ways to see Tahiti more affordably by staying on the outer island Huahine , for example , where "  tourism has been blessedly slow to arrive . Captain Cook might still recognize it . " Isla Holbox , Mexico Mexico has long been an escape valve for Americans fleeing politics . Travel journalist Karen Catchpole and photographer Eric Mohl , an American couple whose website Trans-Americas Journey describes their ongoing six-year pan-American odyssey , recommend Isla Holbox , near Cancun , famed for its flamingo-filled lagoon . "  This car-free island is the place to flee and literally kick off your shoes . It 's entirely possible to spend your time on the island barefoot , " Catchpole wrote in an e-mail . "  The beach is perfect for long , lonely strolls and a surprisingly large Italian ex-pat community means the food is top-notch , particularly at Los Pelicanos , which served up some of the best Italian food we had during the 18 months we spent traveling in Mexico . " One top-rated lodging choice is tranquil Casa Sandra , a 17 room boutique hotel . Phuket , Thailand Thailand hosted Leonardo DiCaprio 's deserted island experience in the 2000 movie "  The Beach . " Phuket 's beaches offer nice temperatures in November without the crush of tourist season 's peak and neighboring "  James Bond Island " is just one more step removed from the rest of the world . The island near Phuket , which is really called Ko Khao Phing Kan or Nail Island , was used as a setting for "  The Man With the Golden Gun . " Plus , the Phuket area is easy for foreigners , according to Pichaya Saisaengchan , an assistant director for the Tourism Authority of Thailand . "  It 's one of the very few provinces , including Bangkok , where locals speak English . " One famous ex-pat is political film director Oliver Stone . The place is truly magical , say those in the know . "  When you put a seashell up to your ear in Phuket , you hear angels sing , " said Michael Aumock , an American working for vacation home company 3rd Home . "  With impossibly clear blue water , great food , friendly locals and a strong exchange rate , I do n't know why anyone would go anywhere else . Face your fears through travel Rio de Janeiro , Brazil Perhaps no other city has as beautiful a setting as Rio de Janeiro , with its forest-covered mountains and calm , sandy beaches . "  Rio in November is the perfect recipe to forget about the elections and enjoy a relaxed vacation . There 's the traditional Brazilian food , excellent weather conditions , nonstop flights from most major U.S. cities for a reasonable price , " said South America travel specialist Sandra Borello , owner of Borello Travel . Head to Belle   poque-era cafe Confeitaria Colombo , where Borello recommends "  ordering a caipirinha or two , to make you feel like a real Carioca , a native of Rio . " Reasonable hotel chains include Golden Tulip and Blue Tree , or splurge at the Copacabana Palace . Curacao You wo n't run into your neighbor on the beach in Curacao , a mostly off-the-radar Caribbean getaway that mixes an island lifestyle with a liberal Dutch attitude . While November might be high hurricane season for most of the region , the island is out of the range of these tropical tempests , untouched by one in almost 160 years . There are more than 40 beaches lining its shores , along with about 60 diving spots , where visitors can see more than 600 species of fish in one of the Caribbean 's healthiest marine environments . The streets of capital Willemstad are lined with Dutch colonial architecture swathed in palm trees : Imagine an Amsterdam bursting with tropical Miami Beach colors . If you 're fleeing the elections , the locals completely empathize . They just held the first of their own in October as a newly autonomous country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands , so they 'll understand how you feel right now . Costa Rica Costa Rica offers mountains , jungles and two coasts of beaches , on the Atlantic and Pacific . Jersey Shore native and former travel book publishing industry executive Megan Kennedy moved here and teaches English at Universidad Nacional Costa Rica in Nicoya and lives nearby in Playa S  mara , on the Pacific . Kennedy said she follows U.S. elections with "  a little distance from the noise , but I 'm still concerned about democracy and the direction my country is headed . " Her new home is "  an incredibly beautiful spot , with a gorgeous beach , zip-lining , horseback riding , howler monkeys , cows and horses roaming the street . " Her community also has tourist amenities , "  but we 're not overrun with chain restaurants and American-ized ideals of vacation . There 's a mix of tourists from around the world , plus locals , which allows for interesting discussions ! "	Heard enough of the election ? Consider a sunny getaway With coasts on both sides , Costa Rica offers sun , sand and quiet Or drop off the map in far-flung Tahiti
Seventy one years ago -- December 22 , 1942 -- Congress got the United States out of what had turned into an unexpectedly embarrassing situation . It concerned the Pledge of Allegiance -- specifically , something called the Bellamy Salute . Most people today have likely never heard of it , but the Bellamy Salute was once a constant part of the country 's life . Until 1892 , there was no such thing as a Pledge of Allegiance . Daniel Sharp Ford , the owner of a magazine called Youth 's Companion , was on a crusade to put American flags in every school in the country . He sensed that the U.S. needed a boost of patriotism . Keep in mind : Not even 30 years before , the Civil War had still been raging . National unity was a fragile concept . As part of the campaign , Sharp gave an assignment to a member of his staff : Francis J. Bellamy , who was an author , a minister and an advocate of the tenets of Christian socialism . Sharp asked Bellamy to compose a Pledge of Allegiance to the flag . Bellamy wrote it , and it was published in the magazine . It did n't take long for the Pledge to become wildly popular , even omnipresent . At schools , at campgrounds , at public gatherings , in Congress , people routinely faced the flag and pledged their allegiance to it . Because , inherently , there is something physically awkward about people simply standing in place , their arms hanging limply by their sides , staring at a flag and reciting a pledge , it was decided that devising a salute would be appropriate . Instructions for carrying out the salute were printed in the pages of Youth 's Companion . The gesture came to be called the Bellamy Salute , in honor of the Pledge 's author . The Bellamy Salute consisted of each person -- man , woman or child -- extending his or her right arm straight forward , angling slightly upward , fingers pointing directly ahead . With their right arms aiming stiffly toward the flag , they recited : "  I pledge allegiance ... " For a while , the salute was n't especially controversial . But , as World War II was forming in Europe , and Italians and Germans began saluting Benito Mussolini and Adolf Hitler with extended-armed "  Heil Hitler ! " - style gestures ... Well , perhaps you can see the problem . In the United States there was a growing feeling of discomfort that , when people within the nation 's own borders pledged their right-arms-extended allegiance to the flag , they might be construed as inadvertently showing solidarity with the fascist regimes across the ocean . Richard J. Ellis , in his book "  To the Flag : The Unlikely History of the Pledge of Allegiance , " wrote that "  the similarities in the salute had begun to attract comment as early as the mid-1930s . " Newsreels and still photos were regularly depicting rallies in Europe 's dictatorships , with thousands of people showing their fealty by extending straight-armed salutes . In the United States , the general unease about it -- "  the embarrassing resemblance between the ` Heil Hitler ' salute and the salute that accompanied the Pledge of Allegiance , " in Richard Ellis 's words -- was combined with the fear that scenes of Americans offering the Bellamy Salute could be used for propaganda purposes . It would n't be terribly difficult to crop the American flag out of photos of U.S. citizens reciting the Pledge of Allegiance ; without the flag in the shots , the photos could be mischaracterized as proof that Americans were expressing support for the ideologies of Hitler and Mussolini . Thus , on December 22 , 1942 , Congress , just before its Christmas break , took care of it . On that day , the amended Flag Code was passed , Section 7 of which decreed that the Pledge of Allegiance should "  be rendered by standing with the right hand over the heart . " And with that , it became official : Those millions of extended right arms were brought down . The stiff-armed salute was for other people , in countries far away . It was purely symbolic , of course , but symbols are powerful . Over the years , there have been various disputes about the Pledge of Allegiance , the most basic of which is the question of whether citizens should even be expected to publicly pledge their allegiance to their country . The United States was founded on ideals of freedom , and freedom includes not being forced , or cajoled by peer pressure , into publicly declaring any belief . The exact wording of the Pledge has changed several times since Francis Bellamy wrote it ; each change was reflective of contemporaneous concerns about the meaning . For example : "  I pledge allegiance to the flag " was originally "  I pledge allegiance to my flag . " The "  my " was dropped out of worries that recent arrivals from other nations might be seen as pledging their loyalty to the flag of the country of their birth . The most significant change in the wording came in 1954 , when -- with the enthusiastic support of President Dwight D. Eisenhower -- the phrase "  under God " was added just after "  one nation . " Eisenhower declared : "  In this way we are reaffirming the transcendence of religious faith in America 's heritage and future ; in this way we shall constantly strengthen those spiritual weapons which forever will be our country 's most powerful resource in peace and war . " The wording of the Pledge of Allegiance may or may not be changed again in centuries to come , but it 's a pretty safe bet that the Bellamy Salute is never coming back . Once ubiquitous and unquestioned , it has become a faded and mostly forgotten bit of U.S. history . All because , 71 Decembers ago , a solution to a quandary -- a quandary no one could have anticipated when the Pledge was written -- was formalized : Lower those stiff arms . Bend those elbows . Direct those palms inward . And take them to heart .	After the Pledge of Allegiance was written , a stiff-armed salute was developed to accompany it Bob Greene writes that its meaning got clouded when Fascist movements used similar salute After outbreak of World War II , Congress passed legislation to replace the salute Greene : 71 years ago , the practice of placing your hand over the heart was adopted
A spokesman for Sen. Harry Reid dismissed as "  meritless " an ethics complaint filed Wednesday by Republicans that charges the majority leader improperly used his government-funded website and Twitter account for partisan political purposes . At issue are Reid 's ongoing attacks against Charles and David Koch , the billionaire brothers who are spending millions through their organization Americans for Prosperity to defeat Democratic candidates this campaign cycle . Some of Reid 's comments , which he has made in speeches on the Senate floor and elsewhere , also appeared on his senate.gov website and on his official Twitter account . "  Senate rules are clear : Senators and their staffs are prohibited from using official resources for partisan , electoral activities , " said the complaint filed by Roger Villere , the chairman of the Republican Party of Louisiana . "  Senate staff receive publicly funded salaries for the performance of official duties and no campaign or electoral activities should take place on Senate time , or using official Senate equipment or facilities . " "  Republicans ' blind obedience to the shadowy billionaire Koch brothers is on full display today , " Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson said in a statement . "  Nothing says ` Republicans are the party of the top one percent ' like lashing out with meritless complaints as a screen to defend the Koch brothers as they rig the system to benefit billionaires like themselves . Sen. Reid will continue to do everything in his power to hold the Koch brothers and their Republican enablers accountable for trying to tilt the playing field in favor of the wealthy and against the middle class . " Congressional ethics experts contacted by CNN were divided over whether Reid 's actions violated ethics rules . "  Some of this material could be viewed as technically running afoul of the rule , " said George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley . "  The problem is that the rule covers legislative matters that are inherently political . Most things posted or tweeted by members are done so with some partisan or political purpose . Moreover , criticism the Koch brothers is akin to criticisms of other public figures or organizations that are the focus of public officials from those producing violent video games to corporate welfare complaints . "	Republicans say Harry Reid improperly used his government-funded website The majority leader has been criticizing the billionaire Koch brothers Law professor : Some of Reid 's material could be technically afoul of the rule
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's prime minister , Morgan Tsvangirai , said late Friday that "  with deep regret and sadness " he has withdrawn a court case challenging President Robert Mugabe 's re-election on July 31 . In two-page affidavit filed at Constitutional Court , Tsvangirai said he was not happy that the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission  ZEC  had not released election material he wanted to use in the court case . "  This in my view seriously handicaps my prosecution of the petition and it has rendered in impracticable , " said Tsvangirai , who has since 2000 made three attempts to unseat the now-89-year old Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's only ruler since 1980 . ZEC declared that Mugabe had defeated Tsvangirai with 61 % of the vote to 34 % in the July 31 polls . In the court challenge , Tsvangirai had said ZEC had rigged the election for Mugabe and his Zanu PF party , which won a two-thirds majority in parliament . "  I shall endeavor to use all democratic means to bring about the successful resolution of this issue , " added Tsvangirai . The issue of Zimbabwe is likely to dominate the meeting of regional South Afridan Development Community leaders in Malawi this weekend . In 2008 , African leaders refused to recognize an election in which Mugabe claimed victory over Tsvangirai . They forced the two to form a fragile power-sharing government that ended with the July 31 elections .	Voters went to the polls on July 31 to pick a new president Zimbabwe 's election commission declared that incumbent Mugabe won Challenger Tsvangirai says he is withdrawing a court case on the election He says the election commission has not released material he wanted for the case
CNN  -- President Obama called it "  the defining issue of our time " in his 2012 State of the Union , but he did so without ever uttering the phrase "  income inequality . " Perhaps that 's because income inequality is one of those alliterative word pairs everyone 's heard by now but few fully understand . Instead of wonking up his speech with terms that may confuse some , Obama focused on the more familiar American Dream . That 's "  the basic American promise , " as he put it , "  that if you worked hard , you could do well enough to raise a family , own a home , send your kids to college , and put a little away for retirement . "  The defining issue of our time is how to keep that promise alive , " he continued . "  No challenge is more urgent . No debate is more important . " But what , exactly , is income inequality , and why does it matter so much in modern America that you would vote on it as one of the top social justice issues of our time ? Here 's a snack-sized primer : A definition of income inequality Income inequality refers to how evenly or unevenly income is distributed in a society . The United States has a relatively high level of income inequality because the very richest people take home a large share of the economic pie -- and there is a relatively large gap between them and some of the poorest people in America . Scandinavian countries have lower levels of income inequality because , overall , prosperity is more broadly distributed there , instead of being concentrated in the hands of a few . There are other variations of inequality , too . Some economists think "  wealth inequality " is a better measure of what 's happening in the United States , since the super-rich are even farther away from the rest of us when you consider their assets , not just their incomes . Some prefer the broader term "  economic inequality . " How is income inequality measured ? The most popular measure of inequality is called the Gini coefficient . That coefficient , or index , "  measures the extent to which the distribution of income or consumption expenditure among individuals or households within an economy deviates from a perfectly equal distribution , " according to the World Bank . A rating of 0 means the society in question is perfectly equal -- or everyone has the same income . A rating of 100 means that one person takes home 100 % of the income . The United States has a Gini rating of 45 , according to the CIA World Factbook . Sweden , the most-equal country , gets a rating of 23 . Lesotho , in southern Africa , has the highest Gini coefficient on the CIA 's list with a rating of 63.2 . There are other ways to measure inequality , too , such as looking at the income held by the richest 20 % and comparing it to that held by the poorest 20 % . All of the different measures try to answer the question : How is money distributed in this place ? What 's the trend in the United States ? The reason the president and others keep talking about income inequality -- with or without calling it that -- is because the income gap in America has been growing since the late 1970s . Experts disagree on exactly why , but most say it has something to do with cutting taxes on the very richest Americans and the growth of the finance industry . Technology also likely contributes to the shift , as many middle-class workers have seen their jobs taken by machines . Meanwhile , the very richest people are taking home a larger share of income than at any time since the late 1920s . Is more income inequality necessarily bad ? Pretty much no one these days thinks everyone in the United States should have exactly the same income . But many economists and philosophers say extreme income inequality -- and many would argue that 's what we have -- is a problem . The economist Joseph Stiglitz argues income inequality is "  holding back " our recovery from the recession . The epidemiologist Kate Pickett says high income inequality is associated with all sorts of bad things -- from obesity to high incarceration rates and violence . The philosopher Thomas Pogge told me societies can become so economically divided that people stop seeing each other as equals -- and a sort of classist , "  Downton Abbey " dynamic develops . Others argue income inequality hampers economic mobility -- meaning it 's less likely that that American Dream is actually a reality for people . Think of the economy as a ladder , former U.S. labor secretary Robert Reich told me . If the rungs of the ladder are super far apart , how can you expect a person to climb ? More-conservative thinkers argue that income inequality is necessary for a capitalist society to thrive -- that income gaps encourage competition , innovation and hard work . How is the use more unequal than Nigeria ? If you look at the CIA 's list of the most equal and unequal countries , the United States ranks below a whole host of nations that most Americans probably would n't want to move to . They include : Iran , Uganda , Nigeria , Russia , Senegal , Nicaragua , Mali , Mauritania , Vietnam , Yemen , Mongolia . I could go on and on . It 's important to keep in mind that , in this case , the Gini coefficient is being used to measure inequalities within a given society . South Africa has a very high rate of income inequality because it does have both very wealthy and very poor people . There are n't many rich people in Niger , another country that 's more equal than the United States . If everyone is more or less poor -- a country still could be relatively equal . So , that 's a caveat . But there still is research to support the idea that very high levels of income inequality tear at the fabric of society , regardless of its overall wealth . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Income inequality has been growing in the United States since the late 1970s John Sutter : The topic is pervasive but relatively little-understood Obama argues against income inequality without using the term
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords works hard every day to overcome the devastating effects of a gunshot wound in the brain that would have killed most people . The grueling physical , occupational and speech therapy is helping the Arizona congresswoman get to a point where she can make a decision about returning to office , said her husband , retired astronaut Mark Kelly . Thursday , the couple will spend an emotional Thanksgiving in Tucson . There 's "  a lot to be thankful for , " Kelly told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " in an interview broadcast Wednesday . "  Gabby 's alive , first of all , and ... she 's been able to recover , " Kelly said . "  She 'd remind people to be thankful for your health , your family and for being alive . " Giffords is generally in an "  upbeat mood , " Kelly said , and is not angry about what happened to her . "  She 'll come back stronger than ever , I 'm convinced . " The couple have chronicled their experience in a new book , "  Gabby : A Story of Courage and Hope . " Jared Loughner , 23 , is accused of wounding Giffords and 12 others , and killing six people , in the shooting at a meet-and-greet event for the congresswoman outside a Tucson shopping center in January . Early on , Kelly said , Giffords said she would like to see Loughner ' "  rot " if convicted . "  I think she feels differently now , " Kelly said . "  She understands he 's very sick and needs to be treated . " Last week , Giffords told ABC 's Diane Sawyer that she was sad about the six people who died in the shooting . "  I cried . A lot of people died , " Giffords said , telling Sawyer she does n't remember the next 13 days at a hospital in Tucson before she was flown to a rehabilitation hospital in Houston . Kelly told Morgan he initially did not tell Giffords about the people who died that day . Eventually , the congresswoman saw newspaper articles about the incident . Giffords caught him when he skipped over the deaths when reading one article , Kelly said . "  She was reading over my shoulder and pointed out that I 'd left that out , " Kelly said . "  I read the paragraph where it talked about six people being killed . " Giffords appeared "  shocked . " A few minutes later , she broke down in the middle of her speech therapy class . "  It was tough , " said Kelly , who retired last month as a Navy captain . The nature of her brain injury allowed Giffords during therapy to sing an entire song , even when she could n't speak a sentence , Kelly said . "  So she would sing a song . And the therapists kind of used that to help rebuild connections , " Kelly said . "  They talk about the plasticity of the brain and that it 's able to form new connections . " A therapist would play songs by U2 , a favorite band of Giffords . The former astronaut , 47 , recalled the 30 minutes that transpired after a couple of news networks reported that Giffords had died . "  It was a tough situation . My mother screamed ; kids started crying , " Kelly said . "  I just got up , walked into the airplane 's bathroom and , you know , just broke down . And it was a difficult period of time . But , in hindsight , looking at it , that was the low point . And it 's all been pretty positive since then . " Giffords has made what doctors call a miraculous recovery since the shooting . Her neurosurgeon , Dr. Dong Kim , recently told CNN that Giffords ' thought process is normal -- a remarkable feat for someone with the kind of injuries she suffered . She is currently able to answer questions with a few words or a short phrase .	Giffords had one-word reply for what should happen to Jared Loughner She and husband Mark Kelly will spend Thanksgiving in Tucson Kelly talks about how she learned other people had died in shooting Loughner is accused of wounding Giffords and 12 others , and killing six
CNN  -- With an apology to his former business partner , ex-Facebook president Sean Parker has broken down and tweeted . "  Sorry Zuck , I had to do it eventually , " Parker wrote Monday on his newly minted Twitter account . The apparent mea culpa to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is , so far , Parker 's only post . But , by Tuesday morning , he had already racked up nearly 24,000 followers on the rival networking site . Parker was co-founder  or maybe an early employee , depending on who you believe  of music-sharing site Napster and created sites Plaxo and Causes in addition to helming Facebook in its early days . He 's perhaps best known to most folks through his fictional interpretation by Justin Timberlake in the movie "  The Social Network . " Movie-version Parker was responsible for two of "  The Social Network 's " most famous lines , urging Zuckerberg to drop the "  the " and just be "  Facebook " and saying that "  what 's cool " is not $ 1 million , it 's $ 1 billion . For his part , the real Parker has called the movie pure fiction , saying he was portrayed inaccurately  . His tweet goes on to "  blame " Scooter Braun , an entertainment marketer best known as Justin Bieber 's agent . Parker 's Twitter debut comes , perhaps not coincidentally , as he looks set to launch his latest e-venture -- a video service called Airtime . His biographical information on Twitter includes a link to a Forbes profile titled "  Sean Parker : Agent of Distruption . " It also links to The Founders Fund , the venture-capital firm in which Parker is a partner . And maybe he does n't owe Zuckerberg a full apology just yet . Parker 's Facebook page has more than 38,000 people who "  like " it -- outpacing his Twitter feed , at least for now .	With a nod to Zuckerberg , ex-Facebook president Sean Parker joins Twitter "  Sorry Zuck , " starts Parker 's lone tweet on the account he started Monday Parker co-founded Napster and is known through his portrayal in "  The Social Network " New account comes as Parker is reportedly about to launch a video service
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- At least 43 people are feared dead after a massive mudslide swept away three hamlets in northern India , authorities said Sunday . Two small villages were completely destroyed Saturday while one was partially knocked down , said Manoj Pande , a senior disaster management official in Pithoragarh district . Rescuers have pulled 15 bodies from the debris and many more may have been swept into the river , Pande said . More than 2.9 million people in India have been affected by floods since June , according to federal officials . Yearly monsoon rains sweep across the subcontinent from June till September . Though they bring much-needed relief to often-parched farmlands , they also leave a trail of landslides , home collapses and often fatal floods .	Three hamlets affected by recent mudslide in India At least 43 people are feared dead Millions in India have been affected by floods since June , officials say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- With the Shenzhou-9 touching down in China Friday , expect the inevitable wave of propaganda touting its "  model " citizens and scientific might . And what a mighty week it has been . China has witnessed the return of a manned spacecraft that successfully docked with the Tiangong 1 space lab -- a first for the nation . China is also still on a high after the deep-sea diving record set on Sunday by a Chinese manned submersible in the Pacific Ocean 's Mariana Trench . China hails sea and space exploits And while China 's achievements in sea and space are impressive , do they stir more than just national pride ? The Shenzhou-9 may be a stellar status symbol for Beijing but is it awakening a real hunger for adventure among the Chinese people ? According to Chinese explorer Wong How Man , the answer is an emphatic yes . "  We 're in space ... not just making cellphones , " he told CNN . China sends first female astronaut to space As the President of the China Exploration and Research Society , Wong has been leading expeditions in China since he founded the group in 1986 . In June 2005 , he discovered the new source of the mighty Yangtze River . The veteran explorer said China 's landmark journeys in recent years have shored up not only national pride but an individual desire to venture forth . Chinese space capsule returns to Earth "  On a grassroots level , there 's this huge urge to explore our own vast country , " he said . Yunnan native Mei Zhang has seen that curiosity first-hand as the founder of WildChina , a Beijing-based company that offers off-the-beaten-track travel experiences . She claimed a spirit of adventure is very much alive , as traditional values that may have limited exploration take a backseat . Zhang cited one traditional Chinese saying in particular : "  Fu mu zai , bu yuan xing , " or -- roughly translated -- "  When your parents are around , do n't travel far away . " "  The first virtue was to be "  xiao , " or filial to your parents , " said Zhang . "  And that held back a lot of people and they stayed home . But with the internet , young people now see the world and say , ` Wow ... why ca n't I do that ? ' " She pointed to Chinese polar explorer Yuan Xiao as the ultimate "  unfilial " son . Shanghai born and bred , Xiao left a 10-year career in banking to explore the world . He 's one of the first Chinese to have navigated both the North and South Poles -- where he went to climb , ski and even scuba dive . And yet , "  China 's bravest adventurer " pointed out that he 's not that unique . "  Zheng He , Zhang Qian , and the monk in Journey to the West ... the Chinese have always been adventurous for different reasons , " he said . "  The spirit has always been there . " Tales from China 's bravest traveler And that spirit has been revived again with the return of the Shenzhou-9 . China is embarking on a new age of discovery ... and self-discovery , as more of its citizens consider an adventure far , far away from home .	Shenzhou-9 returns to Earth after successfully docking with the Tiangong 1 space lab The mission also involved China 's first female astronaut to be sent into space In recent days a Chinese manned submersible also set a diving record in the Pacific Ocean Explorer Wong How Man : Missions are awakening a real hunger for adventure in China
CNN  -- At Oknoplast 's production site outside Krakow , Poland , windows of all shapes and sizes are stacked up ready for delivery -- and they all have homes to go to . The family-run business has been churning out its bespoke windows for nearly 20 years . Now , 45,000 a month are sliding off the production line , most of them destined for export locations across Europe . Read more : Auto industry revs up recovery on Spain "  Last year was the first year when most of our production went to export " , Oknoplast President Mikolaj Placek told CNN . For Placek , Poland 's entry into the European Union in 2004 provided an opportunity to expand beyond his home market , but it 's a delicate financial balancing act . "  We export only to EU countries . The export is profitable when you export up to a maximum of 2,000 to 2,500 kilometers from the factory , " he explained . Read more : Ebro CEO : Strong euro is ` major concern ' So , Placek targeted Italy for his expansion plans -- and it 's now the company 's biggest market outside of Poland . Poland has been a success story amongst the transition economies , proving resilient to the cold winds of recession which have swept across Europe . It 's maintained growth , but is now slowing down . "  Naturally I 'm worried , " Placek told CNN . "  But the key is to be better than our competitors . We have to work harder , lower our costs and be more competitive in service and flexibility . " Read more : Henkel : Reaping rewards of its revamp While the recipe is not new , the implementation is vital if Poland 's manufacturing sector is to thrive . "  We can use the advantage that our labor costs are lower than in Western Europe " Placeck said . "  Poland is becoming one of the biggest country 's for production that is labor intensive , " he added . Oknoplast 's annual turnover topped $ 120 million last year , but , with unemployment rising and growth in Europe and Poland slowing down , exports are coming under pressure . Despite that Placek is optimistic , because he 's been here before . "  When the crisis hit for the first time in 2008 I took market share ; -- this is our policy -- to take market share from our competitors , " he said . "  We are very aggressive with our plans to take over our competitors ... only in this way can we develop faster . " Placek is confident his strategy will compensate for any slowdown in the domestic market , which still accounts for 45 % of Oknoplast 's sales . The EU Flag flying outside the factory reflects Placek 's ambitious outlook for the business . "  We want to be perceived as a European company , not as a local Polish one " he declared proudly .	Poland has been a success story amongst the transition economies , proving resilient to recession Oknoplast 's annual turnover topped $ 120 million last year but exports have come under pressure The EU Flag flying outside the factory reflects Placek 's ambitious outlook for the business
Jules Bianchi "  did not slow sufficiently to avoid losing control " during his crash at the Japanese Grand Prix , according to an FIA report published Wednesday . The Marussia driver , who suffered life-threatening head injuries , crashed into a recovery vehicle at Suzuka in October and was immediately taken to hospital . The 25-year-old remains unconscious at a French hospital in Nice but is breathing unaided and is no longer in an artificial coma . The Frenchman suffered a diffuse axonal head injury after colliding with the Sauber of Adrian Sutil , which was being removed from the circuit . According to a 396-page report put together by a 10-person panel at the FIA - Formula One 's governing body -- "  Bianchi did not slow sufficiently to avoid losing control at the same point on the track as Sutil . " The report also states that during the "  two seconds Bianchi 's car was leaving the track and traversing the run-off area , he applied both throttle and brake together , using both feet . "  The FailSafe algorithm is designed to over-ride the throttle and cut the engine , but was inhibited by the Torque Coordinator , which controls the rear Brake-by-Wire  BBW  system , " said the report . "  Bianchi 's Marussia has a unique design of BBW , which proved to be incompatible with the FailSafe settings . " According to the report , Bianchi 's car , which weighed 700 kilograms , hit the 6500kg crane at a speed of 126 kilometers an hour . "  Bianchi 's helmet struck the sloping underside of the crane , " read the report . "  The magnitude of the blow and the glancing nature of it caused massive head deceleration and angular acceleration , leading to his severe injuries . "  All rescue and medical procedures were followed , and their expediency are considered to have contributed significantly to the saving of Bianchi 's life . " The FIA also confirmed that the actions taken following Sutil 's crash were "  consistent with the regulations " and state there was no "  apparent reason " why the safety car should have been deployed sooner . It also states that Bianchi "  over-controlled the oversteering car , such that he left the track earlier than Sutil , and headed towards a point "  up-stream " along the barrier . "  Unfortunately , the mobile crane was in front of this part of the barrier , and he struck and under-ran the rear of it at high speed . " Bianchi 's Marussia team folded in November after administrators failed to find fresh investment . In the days after the crash , Marussia moved to address accusations that Bianchi had not reduced his speed and that the team had actively encouraged him not to do so . "  The Marussia F1 Team is shocked and angered by these allegations , " said the statement issued in October . "  At a time when its driver is critically ill in hospital , and the team has made clear that its highest priority is consideration for Jules and his family , it is distressed to have to respond to deeply upsetting rumors and inaccuracies in respect of the circumstances of Jules ' accident . "  Regarding point 1 , Jules did slow down under the double waved yellow flags . That is an irrefutable fact , as proven by the telemetry data , which the team has provided to the FIA . "  Regarding point 2 , an audio copy of the full radio transmission between Jules and the team , and a written transcript , were provided to the FIA . "  It is quite clear from the transmission and the transcript that at no point during the period leading up to Jules ' accident did the team urge Jules to drive faster or make any comments suggesting that he should do so . "	Jules Bianchi suffered head injuries after crash at Japanese Grand Prix FIA published 396-page report into accident Wednesday Bianchi currently in French hospital French driver 's Marussia team folded in November
Washington  CNN  -- Retired Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens has voiced support for the killing of al Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden by U.S. forces , saying it was legally justified . In remarks Thursday evening at his alma mater , Northwestern University , the 91-year-old former justice said the order by President Barack Obama for the covert mission by U.S. Navy SEALs was "  to remove an enemy who had been trying every day to attack the United States , " according to two people who attended a symposium and dinner that was closed to the media . Stevens said he was pleased the president took the risky decision to launch the May 2 commando assault on bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan . The justice added , "  I must say I was very proud of the SEALs . " No sitting member of the Supreme Court has commented on the bin Laden killing and is not likely to , since current or related executive branch issues may someday come before them . There have been legal questions surrounding whether U.S. and international law would permit a unilateral executive decision to kill a terrorist leader with no ties to any government . Attorney General Eric Holder said the day after the mission , "  It 's lawful to target an enemy commander in the field . " As founder and head of al Qaeda , bin Laden was viewed by the administration as a combatant actively involved in past and current hostilities against the United States and other countries . The insistence by Obama officials that the killing was justified come despite bin Laden not being armed when commandos stormed his third-floor room . Those officials insist the Saudi native "  resisted " and made no clear indication he would surrender . Stevens said based on his knowledge of the facts , "  I have n't the slightest doubt it was entirely appropriate for American forces to act " as they did . "  It was not merely to do justice and avenge September 11 . " The Wall Street Journal Law Blog first reported Stevens ' remarks . He stepped down from the high court last year after nearly 35 years on the bench , and was replaced by Justice Elena Kagan . Unusually for a retired justice , he has been outspoken on current hot-button cases his former colleagues are considering and on other news events . He voiced support in November for a planned Islamic community center near the site of the September 11 terrorist attacks in New York , urging religious and ethnic tolerance . He announced this week he has almost completed writing a memoir of sorts , a look at the five chief justices he has known and worked with over the past 64 years . Called the "  Five Chiefs , " and to be published by Little Brown this October , the book will also give an inside look at the court and Stevens ' personal insights on colleagues past and present , including current Chief Justice John Roberts . Before retiring , Stevens had been a consistent supporter of limited rights for terror suspects in U.S. custody overseas to challenge their detention in federal courts . In the first terrorism case to arise in the high court from the 9/11 attacks , Stevens said foreign-born terror suspects captured abroad and held at a Navy-run prison at Guantnamo Bay , Cuba , did have some basic rights . "  What is presently at stake is only whether the federal courts have jurisdiction to determine the legality of the executive 's potentially indefinite detention of individuals who claim to be wholly innocent of wrongdoing , " he wrote in 2004 . Stevens is a World War II veteran . He served as an intelligence officer in Hawaii , where his work included supervising the cracking of secret Japanese codes . He was speaking in public Friday to graduates at his old law school in Chicago , where he graduated in 1947 at the top of his class .	"  I must say I was very proud of the SEALs , " retired Justice Stevens says "  I have n't the slightest doubt it was entirely appropriate , " he says Stevens has been unusually outspoken for a retired justice
CNN  -- Uncertainty over Inter Milan 's coaching position ended on Friday as chairman Massimo Moratti announced that former Genoa boss Gian Piero Gasperini will be replacing Leonardo . The 53-year-old , who guided Genoa into Serie A in 2007 before being sacked last November following a bad run of form , will sign a two-year deal at the San Siro . He will be officially unveiled "  as soon as the final bureaucratic formalities are completed " according to the Italian club 's website . Leonardo , who replaced Rafael Benitez in December 2010 , is expected to take up a sporting director role with France 's Paris St Germain -- a former club of his which has been recently bought by a Qatari group . Could Villas-Boas succeed at Chelsea ? Club president Massimo Moratti expressed his "  full satisfaction with the choice " and the 67-year-old wished his new employee "  the success that brought Inter the title of world champions . " While Benitez took Inter to the FIFA Club World Cup title , he was unable to successful follow on the exploits of Jose Mourinho -- who took Inter to an unprecedented treble in 2009-10 , winning the European Champions League plus a domestic double . Under Leonardo , Inter finished runners-up to city rivals AC Milan in Serie A last season and claimed a seventh Coppa Italia crown . A World Cup winner with Brazil in 1994 , the 41-year-old had been a surprise choice after both playing for and coaching Milan . Moratti and Inter have reportedly suffered setbacks in their search for a new boss , with former Chile national team coach Marcelo Bielsa rumored to have been approached regarding the position . Andre-Villas Boas was another coach linked with the post , but the 33-year-old has now been appointed manager of English Premier League club Chelsea . England coach Fabio Capello , who has twice been in charge of Milan , was also linked with a move to Inter .	Gian Piero Gasperini will become the new coach of Italian club Inter Milan The former Genoa boss will sign a two-year deal at the San Siro , replacing Leonardo Brazilian coach Leonardo is expected to move to French team Paris St. Germain He had been in charge of Inter since December , winning the Italian Cup
CNN  -- Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson hailed his side 's rollercoaster 4-3 victory over neighbors Manchester City at Old Trafford as the "  best derby of all time . " Ferguson and substitute Gary Neville celebrate Owen 's late winner . Ferguson made the claim while ruing his side 's sloppy defensive play which allowed City to claim three equalizing goals before Michael Owen 's clinical winner deep into injury time on Sunday . "  It could have been an embarrassment , 6-0 or 7-0 , if we defended our proper way , " claimed the legendary Scot . "  We could have won by a big score but by making mistakes , which was the essence of the game , we probably were in the best derby game of all time . "  What do you choose ? Win the best derby game of all time or win 6-0 ? I 'd probably pick 6-0 . " Was this the greatest derby ever ? The build-up to the match had been marked by a war of words between Ferguson and City manager Mark Hughes , who has been handed a massive transfer budget by his side 's Abu Dhabi owners . Ferguson had branded them "  cocky " and did little to dampen down the rivalry with his post match comments . Blog : Should referees also keep time ? "  Sometimes you have a noisy neighbor . You can not do anything about that . They will always be noisy , " he said . "  You just have to get on with your life , put your television on and turn it up a bit louder . "  Today the players showed their form . That is the best answer of all . " By contrast , City manager Mark Hughes was furious with referee Martin Atkinson for the amount of added time played , with Owen scoring in the 96th minute . "  We need an explanation because I do n't know why the referee has added that amount of time on , " said Hughes . "  We just feel a little bit aggrieved that they were given that time . " It was a heartbreaking finale for his team with Bellamy 's magnificent second goal after a mistake by Rio Ferdinand appearing to give his up and coming side a share of the spoils . "  We 're disappointed , we put in a hell of a shift today , " said Hughes . "  Craig Bellamy scored two magnificent goals . He did n't deserve to be on the losing side , " added Hughes . Ferguson , who has used free transfer signing Owen sparingly this season , said the England striker showed his true quality . "  His positional play , first touch and finish were absolutely superb . World class . " The victory took United to second place in the English Premier League behind pacesetting Chelsea with City suffering their first defeat of the season .	Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson hails ` best derby of all time ' United beat rivals Manchester City 4-2 with Michael Owen injury time winner City manager Mark Hughes furious about amount of extra time added
CNN  -- Gordon Stoker , who as part of the vocal group the Jordanaires sang backup on hits by Elvis Presley , Patsy Cline , George Jones and countless others , died Wednesday at his home in Brentwood , Tennessee . He was 88 . His death was confirmed by the group 's website . For many years , the Jordanaires were Elvis ' go-to backup singers , performing on hits including "  Hound Dog , " "  Are You Lonesome Tonight " and "  Crying in the Chapel . " The group also supported Patsy Cline on "  Crazy , " Jim Reeves on "  Four Walls , " Kenny Rogers on "  Lucille " and Jones on "  He Stopped Loving Her Today . " On their own , they generally stuck to gospel , releasing more than a dozen albums over the course of several decades . The group met Presley after a performance with Eddy Arnold in 1955 . According to a much-told story , after the show the then-unknown Elvis told the group that , if he ever landed a major-label contract -- he was on Memphis ' Sun Records at the time -- he 'd have the Jordanaires back him up . After Presley joined RCA in 1956 , he was true to his word . The group sang with him on both recordings and in concert for the next 14 years . Stoker was n't an original member of the group , which formed in Springfield , Missouri , in the 1940s . He was hired as its piano player in 1950 and only became a vocalist later -- staying for more than 60 years , generally as its lead tenor . "  As a longtime member of the vocal quartet the Jordanaires , he helped to influence the sound of gospel , country and pop music with a unique and versatile style while recording with an impressive roster of artists , " said the Recording Academy in a statement . "  We have lost a gifted and timeless artist who made significant contributions to music and our industry . " A memorial service will be held Saturday , according to the Jordanaires ' website . Obituaries 2013 : The lives they 've lived	Gordon Stoker sang on many Elvis Presley hits with the Jordanaires Group was known for backing vocals on many artists ' records The Jordanaires sang on "  Hound Dog , " "  Crazy , " "  He Stopped Loving Her Today "
CNN  -- An architect who uses recycled building materials from historic buildings torn down to make way for China 's megacities has won architecture 's most prestigious international award , the 2012 Pritzker Architecture Prize . Wang Shu , 48 , whose Hangzhou-based firm Amateur Architecture Studio has just four permanent staff , was widely regarded as a long shot to win the $ 100,000 prize that has previously been awarded to celebrity architects such as Norman Foster and Frank Gehry . "  The fact that an architect from China has been selected by the jury to win the prize , represents a significant step in acknowledging the role that China will play in the development of architectural ideals , " said Thomas J. Pritzker , chairman of the Hyatt Foundation which sponsors the prize . Unlike many of his contemporaries who studied overseas in the United States and Europe , Wang trained in China . He took the unusual step of taking on almost no commissions during the 1990s , instead learning about building materials by working closely with the kind of craftsmen normally shunned by office-bound architects . "  For myself , being an artisan or a craftsman , is being an amateur or almost the same thing , " Wang said in a press release , using the word in its true meaning as one who does something for love rather than money . One of his most celebrated buildings , the Ningbo Historic Museum , used recycled materials collected from the nearby area to construct a modern building that paid homage to the past . "  My belief is that architecture should work hand in hand with time , " said Wang . "  Sometimes I prefer to use less costly materials that can be replaced when damaged . Temporary , as I use the word , is not meant to mean disposable . " He says the design process is similar to that of the traditional Chinese painter . He first studies the environment , looking at its orientation and geography . He then thinks about these things for a week without doing any designs . Then -- as was the case with the Ningbo Historic Museum -- the design begins to take shape in his mind . "  I design a house instead of a building , " he said . "  One problem of professional architecture is that it thinks too much of a building . A house , which is close to our simple and daily life , is more fundamental than architecture . " The Pritzker judges praised Wang 's ability to create architecture that is timeless , deeply rooted in its context and yet universal . One of the judges , Glenn Murcutt , a previous winner of the architecture prize , described Wang 's work as "  mature , " avoiding the "  sensational and the novel . " "  To look at the state of the profession , it would seem that anything is possible , and more often than not , we get anything ! " he said . Despite his growing reputation , Wang still has to struggle to gain acceptance for his idiosyncratic designs . The first step , he says , is to convince the government and the client , the second step is to marry the construction materials to the plan , and the third is to get those who will use the building to accept it . "  This last step is  the hardest part of all , because the Chinese often think of a building as just a container whose functions can change at will , ' He added . "  I can have no influence on this third stage . "	Wang Shu , 48 , wins architecture 's premier prize Chinese designer uses recycled materials from historic buildings He studied closely with artisans for almost a decade to learn about his materials Wang studied exclusively in China , unlike many of his contemporaries
President Barack Obama gave Pope Francis a box of seeds as a gift , a fitting token as their first-ever meeting provided a fresh start of sorts between the administration and Catholic leadership after years of strained relations . "  These , I think , are carrots , " Obama told the Pontiff , showing him a pouch from the box , which was made from timber from the first cathedral to open in the United States , in Baltimore . The Pope gave the President two medallions -- one symbolizing the need for peace and solidarity between the two hemispheres -- and a copy of "  Evangelii Gaudium , " or "  The Joy of the Gospel . " The book was penned by the Pope and calls for a new era of evangelization and a renewed focus on the poor . The tokens of goodwill underscored the goal of the meeting : Focus on areas where two of the world 's most influential men agree , and gently tread ground where they differ . The two men greeted each other with a smile and a handshake and posed for pictures before sitting down across a table from each other . They spoke privately for nearly an hour . When they emerged from the meeting , the President and the Vatican had slightly different takes on the tenor of their discussions , especially when it came to issues that have frayed the relationship between the Obama administration and American Catholic leaders . " ...  I  t was hoped that , in areas of conflict , there would be respect for humanitarian and international law and a negotiated solution between the parties involved , " the Vatican said in a statement . "  In the context of bilateral relations and cooperation between Church and State , there was a discussion on questions of particular relevance for the Church in that country , such as the exercise of the rights to religious freedom , life and conscientious objection . ... " Obama , in a news conference that followed , told reporters that such issues were "  not a topic of conversation " with the Pope and instead were discussed with Vatican Secretary of State Pietro Parolin . According to the Vatican , the two men also discussed the issue of immigration reform and "  stated their common commitment to the eradication of human trafficking throughout the world . " On this point , the President and the Pope were simpatico . "  I was grateful to have the opportunity to speak with him about the responsibilities that we all share to care for the least of these , the poor , the excluded , " Obama told reporters after the meeting . "  And I was extremely moved by his insights about the importance of us all having a moral perspective on world problems and not simply thinking in terms of our own narrow self-interests . " The meeting took place two days after the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments on a contraception mandate included in the President 's signature health care reform law . The law exempts churches and houses of worship from the requirement , but nonprofit , religiously affiliated groups are required either to provide contraception coverage to their employees directly or through a third-party insurer . The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops has been vocal in its opposition to the provision , said Sister Mary Ann Walsh , a spokeswoman for the organization . "  Religious liberties and right-to-life issues are a concern , " she said of the tension between American Catholic leadership and the administration . However , "  the U.S. bishops have appreciated the administration 's cooperation on issues of mutual concern . " 5 things you did n't know about popes and presidents Those areas of "  mutual concern " include immigration and poverty -- issues on which the President and the Pope could find common ground . In an interview with the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera , Obama pointed to the Pope 's concern for income inequality , saying , "  Given his great moral authority , when the Pope speaks it carries enormous weight . " Continuing to focus on income inequality , Obama said , "  And it is n't just an economic issue , it 's a moral issue . I think the Pope was speaking to the danger that over time we grow accustomed to this kind of inequality and accept it as normal . But we ca n't . " The President said he admires the Pope 's courage to speak out on economic and social issues . "  It does n't mean we agree on every issue , but his voice is one that I think the world needs to hear . He challenges us , " Obama told the newspaper . "  He implores us to remember the people , especially the poor , who are affected by the economic decisions we make . " Immigration issues Francis underscored his commitment to the plight of immigrants during a trip last year to the Italian island of Lampedusa , a place where thousands of African migrants desperately fleeing political upheaval and poverty pour onto European shores . Many die in the attempt to cross . Next month , a group of American Catholic leaders , including Cardinal Sean O'Malley , the archbishop of Boston , will follow suit and travel to the U.S.-Mexico border to highlight immigration concerns . On Wednesday , the administration renewed its public call for immigration reform by backing an effort by House Democrats to force a vote on the matter . "  Immigration reform is the right thing to do for our economy , our security , and our future , " the White House said in a statement . Barack Obama and Pope Francis : Unlikely comrades ? Tensions between the administration and many leaders in the American Catholic community began early in the President 's tenure over his support for abortion rights . A number of bishops criticized the University of Notre Dame 's decision in 2009 to award Obama an honorary law degree and invite him to give the commencement address . Relations frayed further over the contraception coverage requirement in Obamacare , leading the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to pan the law . "  It was a very tough year , " said Christopher Hale , a senior fellow with Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good who helped lead national Catholic outreach for Obama 's 2012 re-election campaign . "  It was hard to find any reasonable Catholic who thought the Health and Human Services mandate was handled well . " Differences over same sex-marriage only added to the strained relationship . Seeking unity , approval Religious experts said Francis would not have been likely to wade into politically charged conversations during the meeting . "  The Vatican has to be very careful to not create a gap between what they 're saying and the bishops are saying , " said Steve Schneck , director of the Institute for Policy Research and Catholic Studies at the Catholic University of America . "  They will be very careful not to undercut the American bishops in that regard . " Pope accepts resignation of German ` Bling Bishop ' The meeting with Francis , whose approval ratings are in the high 80s , might also boost Obama in that regard . His standing with the public has hovered in the low 40s . After all , the Pope 's name and quotes have been invoked in everything from discussions over unemployment insurance , the minimum wage and the bigger issue of income inequality . "  If I was advising President Obama , I would say the No. 1 spokesperson on American immigration reform should be Pope Francis , " Hale said . "  He has so much capital in this city . You have Catholics , Jews and atheists on the Hill quoting him . " House Speaker John Boehner , an Ohio Republican and a Catholic , recently invited the Pope to address a joint session of Congress . "  Everybody on the planet would like to have their picture taken with the Pope these days , " Schneck said . "  One of the things that would delight Obama is if some of that popularity would rub off . Given the President 's current low numbers , he is hoping for a bit of a boost . "	The meeting is called a step toward smoothing tensions with Catholics Abortion and Obamacare mandates on contraception are areas of disagreement One place for common ground : the plight of immigrants and the poor Pope Francis ' popularity could give President Obama a small bump in the polls
CNN  -- Some off-duty public safety workers ended up with an unusual catch when they went fishing off the coast of Florida Saturday morning . They found a man and woman splashing in the water 7 miles from shore who said they 'd spent the last 14 hours treading water , the Broward County Sheriff 's Department said . Sean McGovern , 50 , and Mellisa Morris , 52 , said they 'd fallen off their boat in Key Largo about 6 p.m. Friday . The boat was in gear , and they watched it pull away from them , the sheriff 's department said . "  They are very lucky  $ " they did n't have any signal device , " said U.S. Coast Guard spokesman Mark Barney . "  They were trying to signal people down with their T-shirt . To be located and recovered by off-duty cops and a firefighter  $ " that 's a stroke of luck right there . " About 8 a.m. Saturday , two Broward sheriff 's office detectives , a Broward firefighter and one of the men 's father-in-law noticed splashing in the water from their boat , the sheriff 's department said . "  We saw birds diving , " said Adam Lee , a detective . "  As we got closer , I saw fish jumping . We saw a white male with his shirt flagging us down . " The men pulled McGovern and Morris onto the boat . They were exhausted after drifting 10 nautical miles and appeared to have mild hypothermia and jellyfish stings , the sheriff 's department said . "  We checked them out , made sure they were stable , " Lee said . The fishermen passed them over to the Coast Guard , which carried them to the Fort Lauderdale Coast Guard Station . Friends picked them up there . "  A lot of people do n't wear life jackets because they do n't have intention of being in water , " Barney said . "  It was a miracle they were able to tread water that long and were safely recovered . " Lee summed it up : "  They 're pretty lucky . "	Man and woman said they fell off a boat off Key Largo They were found by fishermen 7 miles off the coast The heroes included two off-duty Broward County detectives , one firefighter
Washington  CNN  -- A top-secret program that collects phone records of Americans is legal , conducted properly and possibly could have helped detect a 9/11 hijacker had it been in place before the 2001 terrorist attacks , FBI Director Robert Mueller said Thursday . Mueller 's remarks at a House Judiciary Committee hearing led an effort by Obama administration officials and some in Congress to push back against a firestorm of criticism about domestic surveillance in the aftermath of classified leaks last week that disclosed details of covert surveillance programs . Civil liberties groups and legislators on the left and right are among critics condemning the secret programs under the National Security Agency as government overreach beyond the intention and limits of the Patriot Act originally passed in the aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . "  It 's my fear that we are on the verge of becoming a surveillance state , collecting billions of electronic records on law-abiding Americans every single day , " Rep. John Conyers of Michigan , the ranking Democrat on the judiciary panel , said Thursday . Claiming Section 215 of the Patriot Act "  is being used to engage in a nationwide dragnet of telecommunications records " and that the government is relying too much to cover up what it 's doing through classified programs , Conyers said he is co-sponsoring legislation that would address "  the overbreadth and impenetrability of the surveillance programs . " Two conservative Republicans , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Rep. Louie Gohmert of Texas , announced plans for a lawsuit challenging whether a secret court order allowing the collection of phone records was constitutional . However , other legislators of both parties joined Mueller in defending the programs that were disclosed through leaks of classified information . "  This program does not target innocent Americans in any way , shape or form , " said House Speaker John Boehner , an Ohio Republican . "  These programs have helped keep America safe . They have enhanced our ability to go after terrorists who want to bring harm to the American people . " Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida -- emerging from a classified briefing by officials on the programs on Thursday , including Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander -- said public perception of the government data mining was wrong . "  It is misunderstood that Americans ' private information -- telephone calls and emails -- are being rummaged through by the government . That is not true , " Nelson told reporters . "  Only when there is probable cause given with a court order by a federal judge can they go into the content of phone calls and emails in order to be able to disrupt a terrorist plot . " After an earlier briefing for the House Intelligence Committee , Chairman Mike Rogers of Michigan said it was wrong to describe the NSA programs as either monitoring or surveillance . "  Wrong word . Not happening , " he said of either description . FBI chief : Programs in adherence with Constitution One of the programs , under Section 215 of the Patriot Act , collects billions of phone records to create a database for use in tracking suspected terrorists . Another under Section 702 of the Patriot Act deals with computer activity and other information of foreigners . As explained by Mueller and other security officials , the phone records only show the numbers involved and the date and duration of the call . Any further information , such as what was said , requires federal court approval , they say . "  If you are going to connect the dots on a 9-11 style event or hopefully prevent a 9-11 style event , you have to have dots in the box in order to connect , " Rogers said . "  So all of this is just that little bit of information they might need - a phone number to a phone number with no names attached . " Mueller told the Judiciary Committee that the secret programs have been conducted in adherence with the Constitution and federal laws . "  The legality has been ensured " by the Department of Justice , and special federal courts set up to handle surveillance issues "  ruled and monitored these programs and again , ensured the legality , " he said . He also explained how they might have helped detect 9/11 hijacker Khalid al-Mhidhar before he and others carried out the attacks that killed almost 3,000 Americans in 2001 . Before the attacks , Mhidhar was being monitored by intelligence agencies in the Far East , but they lost track of him , Mueller said . Meanwhile , authorities had the phone number of an al Qaeda safehouse in Yemen , he said , and learned after the 9/11 attacks that Mhidhar had called it from San Diego . "  If we had this program , that opportunity would have been there " to match the Yemen phone number to the San Diego number , he said . On Wednesday , Alexander made a similar argument at a Senate committee hearing , saying the covert programs helped prevent "  dozens " of terrorist events . He was unable to provide details , but said Thursday he was working on declassifying further information about the programs ' successes . Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee , told reporters she expected Alexander to have the additional information on Monday . Balancing boosting security , protecting privacy Feinstein also called for legislation that would prevent government contractors such as 29-year-old Edward Snowden , who has admitted leaking the classified documents about the covert programs to the media , from having access to such sensitive information . While saying he could n't say much about a person under investigation , White House spokesman Jay Carney did tell reporters Thursday that "  the leaks themselves were very serious . " "  They go right to the heart of our efforts to combat terrorism , to combat efforts by extremists who desire to attack the United States and the American people , " Carney said . The White House spokesman also reiterated Obama 's support for programs he says have "  helped thwart dozens of attacks . " "  He believes in the tradeoffs that we have to make to pursue our security and protect our privacy , " Carney said of the president . "  We have found ... we have the right balance , but  Obama  understands others may have a different opinion . Like members of his national security team , the president has defended the Bush administration programs as necessary and claimed that there are more checks and balances on them than there were when he came to office in 2009 . Under his administration , legislative and judicial oversight of the Patriot Act has been strengthened , Obama told reporters last week . Boehner , however , said Thursday that he was surprised the White House "  has n't stood up and made clear on an ongoing basis over this last week just how important these programs are . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Leaks go "  to the heart of our efforts to combat terrorism , " W.H. spokesman says NEW : Obama believes the programs balance security , privacy issues FBI director says surveillance programs possibly could have detected a 9/11 hijacker Democratic Rep. Conyers and others challenge the covert programs
The International Olympic Committee has suspended India 's Olympic Association over an election for planning to stage an election that was to be contested by just one official who had been accused of corruption . The Indian Olympic Association  IOA  was due to hold elections on Wednesday in which Lalit Bhanot , who spent 11 months in custody on corruption charges linked to the 2010 Commonwealth Games , but has since been released on bail , had been set to be appointed . Until the suspension is lifted , Indian athletes will not be able to participate in Game events , with the IOA also losing its IOC funding . The International Olympic Committee  IOC  took the decision because of the IOA 's "  failure to comply with the Olympic Charter and its statures , failure to inform the IOC in a timely matter , and as a protective measure against government interference in the IOA 's election process , " said the Olympic governing body in a statement . "  With this decision , the IOA is no longer entitled to exercise any activity or right , including financial support , conferred upon it by the Olympic Charter or the IOC until the suspension is lifted by the IOC executive board . "  In particular , the executive board confirms that the IOA is not entitled to hold any elections until all pending issues are resolved and the EB decides to lift the suspension . " The IOA was due to hold elections on Wednesday in which an official accused of corruption relating to the 2010 Commonwealth Games had been set to be appointed . Root and branch reform Indian shooter Abhinav Bindra , who won the country 's only individual Olympic gold medalist after his success in the 10m air rifle in Beijing four years ago , called on the IOA to get its "  act together " . "  I think we should take it as an opportunity to try and clean up the system and build an Olympics association that we all can be proud of , " Bindra told CNN . "  So far the association has not done anything for the development of Olympic sports in India . " And sports lawyer Rahul Mehra , who has been campaigning to improve governance within the IOA , welcomed the IOC 's action . "  I am glad what our government could not do , the IOC has done , " said Mehra . "  It should have been done two and half years when the Commonwealth Games happened which was the biggest scam this country has ever seen . That was the first wake up call . " Mehra also called for root and branch reform of the IOA . "  Yes its embarrassing for India , but we need a shakeup , we need a revolution of sorts . Its about transformation in Indian sports , we need new blood , we need new vigor in Indian sports . "	International Olympic Committee  IOC  suspends India for violating the Olympic charter Suspension prevents Indian athletes from competing in Olympic events IOA loses IOC funding until suspension lifted
Rolling Stone  -- The Voice , indeed . Javier Colon , the inaugural winner of NBC 's hit talent contest "  The Voice , " has several pop star assets-pretty face , megawatt smile , rakishly-angled trilby . But it 's his pure-toned tenor voice , sitting cozily between an old-fashioned soul croon and a Mayer-Mraz-style sensitive-dude simper , that sets him apart . ` The Voice ' Finale : America Crowns Javier Colon "  Come Through For You " is thoroughly catchy , from "  Life is Getting Better " to "  Stand Up , " with guest vocals from his "  Voice " mentor  and audible model  Adam Levine . Photos : ` The Voice ' Tour Kickoff The music is pro forma radio pop ; the lyrics lean towards insipid inspiration .  "  Good things come in spades/To those who wait . "  But it 's hard to be cynical about music this pleasantly well-sung . Video : Javier Colon Sings Coldplay Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Javier Colon was the inaugural winner of NBC 's hit talent contest "  The Voice " His pure-toned tenor voice sets him apart "  Come Through For You " features guest vocals from his "  Voice " mentor Adam Levine
A man armed with what police say was an assault rifle and carrying materials expressing anti-government sentiment opened fire Friday morning at Los Angeles International Airport , killing one person before being chased down himself , authorities said . Eyewitnesses said the suspect asked people , "  Hey , are you TSA ? " -- the acronym for the Transportation Security Administration -- according to a federal law enforcement official . If they said "  no , " he would move on . One of those questioned travelers was Leon Saryan . He told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the same man he 'd just seen shoot a TSA officer "  calmly " walked toward him and asked , "  TSA ? " "  I just shook my head , " Saryan said . "  And he kept going . " In the aftermath of the shooting , investigators found information on the suspect expressing not just anti-federal government sentiment but also anger at the TSA specifically , according to the federal law enforcement official . By then , a TSA officer was dead -- the first employee of that relatively new agency to be killed in the line of duty . The agency identified him as Gerardo Hernandez , who would have turned 40 next week . He was working as a travel document checker at the time of the shooting , according to TSA workers ' union and federal sources . Two additional TSA officers were also shot , one in the leg , authorities said . The suspected gunman himself was detained after being shot in the chest multiple times , according to an intelligence source briefed by Los Angeles police . As of Friday evening , he was receiving medical attention at a hospital , according to FBI Special Agent in Charge David Bowdich . He was identified later by the FBI as Paul Anthony Ciancia , a 23-year-old from Los Angeles . He graduated in 2008 from Salesianum School , an all-boys Catholic school in Wilmington , Delaware , according to school President Brendan P. Kennealey . The intelligence source said Ciancia 's family became concerned in recent days after he sent his brother and father "  angry , rambling " texts venting about the government , living in Los Angeles and his unhappiness generally . Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center said that it received three male victims -- one in critical condition and two in fair condition . One of the two in fair condition suffered gunshot wounds , while another had an unspecified injury , said Dr. Lynne McCullough , an emergency physician at the Los Angeles hospital . One of them was released by Friday afternoon ; one of the others who remained at the hospital was Ciancia , according to the intelligence source . Two patients , meanwhile , were transported to Harbor-UCLA Medical Center in Torrance , said David Klurad , a trauma surgeon there . One was what Klurad described as a "  middle-aged " person with minor injuries from being shot in the shoulder . The other had no signs of life when he arrived at the hospital , the surgeon added . It was n't known if this person was the slain TSA officer . TSA : Number of guns discovered in airports rising The episode caused what airport police Chief Patrick Gannon , who had said the shooter used an "  assault rifle , " described as a "  large amount of chaos . " People ran for their lives and took shelter wherever they could as authorities pursued the gunman . Chuck Ocheret was among those in the busy airport when he heard two "  loud pops . " "  Then I heard this mad rush of people , and there was a stampede of people coming from this direction , " Ocheret told CNN . "  Nobody really knew what was going on . " Still , by Friday afternoon , authorities believes the worst was over . Gannon noted it is believed there was only one shooter . Suspect ` pulled an assault rifle out ... and began to open fire ' An otherwise normal day in the airport 's Terminal 3 turned upside down around 9:20 a.m.  12:20 p.m. ET  , as the suspect approached a checkpoint . There , he "  pulled an assault rifle out of a bag and began to open fire , " Gannon said . Passenger Saryan had just cleared the TSA checkpoint and was reaching for his shoes and belt when shots rang out , prompting "  everybody  to  hit the ground and . . run . " A TSA officer grabbed Saryan 's shoes and started running alongside him , before the gunman grazed the officer with a bullet . "  I went and cowered in a corner , " Saryan said . The suspect kept moving down Terminal 3 , equipped with three magazines for his weapon , according to the intelligence source briefed by Los Angeles police , he began running down Terminal 3 . He had company . Gannon said two officers from his department responded "  within seconds after the shooting started " and ran off in pursuit of the suspect . Opinion : Arming TSA officers not the answer Traveler Vernon Cardenas was sitting at one end of the terminal , when he heard noise and saw a mass of people running toward him . He and others bolted through a kicked-open exit door and ran onto the tarmac -- believing then it was safer there -- even with then still-arriving and departing jetliners -- than in the terminal above . The circular area where Cardenas had been is where the bloodshed finally ended with the gunman 's shooting by law enforcement , according to the intelligence source . They did n't take any chances with the wounded suspect either , handcuffing him to a gurney as he was being carried out . Actor Tim Daly said that when he was eventually led out of the the Virgin America first-class lounge , he saw where the incident came to a head around Gates 35 and 36 . After being told not to step on any blood or glass , Daly spotted a high-powered rifle on the ground along with a pair of black shoes and several bags strewn across the floor . Also there was more than 100 rounds of unspent ammunition , Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said , enough to "  have literally killed everyone in that terminal today . " Los Angeles Police Chief Robert Beck credited the responding airport police officers with heroically saving lives with their efforts . It was a sentiment echoed by Mike Bonin , a city councilman whose district includes the airport and its surrounding neighborhoods . "  When shots rang out , members of the Los Angeles World Airport police department ran towards that gunfire , without regard to their own safety and well being , " Bonin said . " ... No doubt , without their efforts , the casualty count today would be significantly higher . " Hundreds of flights impacted Even once the suspect was shot and detained , law enforcement officers roamed the airport with guns drawn looking for others who might have involved . Fast Facts : 25 Deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history KCAL showed live video of three officers with rifles to their shoulders inspecting parked cars in an open-air parking lot . At one point , firefighters lay tarps on the street at the airport , apparently for triage . The episode soon rendered one of the world 's busiest airports a ghost town . Large portions were evacuated as authorities ordered a "  ground stop " for arriving planes that lasted four hours . About 750 flights were affected by the ordeal , including 46 would-be arriving aircraft that were diverted to other nearby airports , said Gina Marie Lindsay , executive director of Los Angeles World Airports . Some that did touch down were held on the ground in Los Angeles , while others did n't leave their originating airports . LAX , as it 's known , was a mess . Shooting delays flights nationwide The area around the airport was jammed with cars as police shut down access . Meanwhile , many who were in the terminals , waiting for flights to arrive or depart , were pushed out . Even as late as 4 p.m. -- some 6 1/2 hours after the shooting occurred -- masses were still huddled on sidewalks outside the airport , because they had no place else to go . Soon after that , people started moving back in as the airport operations kicked back into gear . Terminal 3 , though , remained closed -- all flights that were supposed to go in and out of there were relocated elsewhere in the airport -- and will be "  for a while , " said Bowdich of the FBI . "  This has been a trying day for everyone , I know , " Lindsay said . That 's especially true for members of the TSA , which lost one of its own Friday and had two others wounded . The federal agency 's chief , John Pistole , is heading to Los Angeles on Saturday . Before he left , he sent a message to his employees thanking them for their good work and support for each other . "  Together , we will get through this , " Pistole wrote . "  Our faith will guide us and our professionalism will ensure our ability to carry out our mission . " Celebrities give social media accounts of LAX incident	The TSA officer killed was Gerardo Hernandez , 39 , the agency says Official : Info on the suspect indicates anti-federal government sentiment He allegedly shot 3 police officers , 1 fatally , before getting shot himself The ordeal impacted hundreds of flights in and out of LAX and beyond
CNN  -- World number two Novak Djokovic continued his impressive form with a straight-sets victory over Ivan Ljubicic on Wednesday , sealing a 6-3 6-3 success at the Shanghai Masters in China . The Serb defeated his opponent in 81 minutes , and was rarely threatened en route to his 50th win of the season . The second seed said he is feeling confident and full of energy at the moment , speaking to the official ATP website , Djokovic said : "  I definitely am satisfied with the performance , satisfied with my game , physical state -LSB- and -RSB- my condition . "  I 'm playing well , moving well , motivated mentally , and full of energy . I 'm hoping that it 's going to stay that way . " Andy Murray was similarly untroubled in the second round , enjoying a 6-2 6-2 triumph over Chinese wild card Yan Bai . The world number four will meet Jeremy Chardy of France in the next round , and he was satisfied with his performance . Also talking to the ATP website , Murray said : "  I thought it was good . I hit the ball cleanly , he played well with some good points and he was quick . "  It was definitely a good first match -- I hit a lot of balls and did n't make too many mistakes . The 23-year-old will attempt to adopt the same approach for his third round encounter with the 59-ranked Frenchman . "  I 'll try and play similar to today , I 'll try and dictate the points when I get into the rallies , he likes to use his forehand a lot so I 'll try and keep it away from the middle of the court and see what happens . " Another man through to the third round is fifth seed Robin Soderling , who defeated Djokovic 's compatriot Janko Tipsarevic 6-3 7-6 . The Swede took one hour and 44 minutes to come out on top in a hard-fought match .	Novak Djokovic defeats Ivan Ljubicic 6-3 6-3 at Shanghai Masters event Andy Murray joins him in the third round after a 6-2 6-2 win over Yan Bai Robin Soderling is also through after victory over Janko Tipsarevic
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- There is n't a question that 's more quintessentially American than "  What do you do for a living ? " It is just safe enough to start a conversation with a stranger , it is universal enough so anyone can answer , and it strikes right to the core of what our culture values most -- money . Sure , on the surface that question does n't sound as if it 's been ripped from the Gordon Gekko "  greed is good " manifesto -- but the reality is it blows past the pleasantries and heads right into the grit of someone 's finances , revealing their place in the pecking order of society and thus a glimpse into just how happy they may or may not be . Since the end of the 20th century , "  What do you do for a living ? " has ceased to be an inquiry about how someone spends their time during normal business hours and instead serves as a slightly grating , socially acceptable manner in which we remind each other of the stuff we do n't have or will never get . We may understand that money does not buy happiness , but over the past few decades that notion has been competing against a message that at every turn tells us we ca n't be happy without it . This dichotomy has slowly disconnected the American dream from the idea of life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness and attached it to one 's ability to move up the ladder . If you 're at a bar and someone 's response to that question is "  I 'm a lawyer , " the people around generally assume that individual makes a lot of money , drives a fancy car and is not living paycheck to paycheck . He or she is happy , if you will . Obviously this is not the same rosy outlook people have about someone who says "  I work at McDonald 's " -- if the person who is working in McDonald 's actually even says so . That 's not meant to slight people who work in the fast food industry , but to illustrate my point . In our culture a person 's worth is tied to his or her profession -- the higher the salary or profile , the more valued the individual is as a person , and the happier we assume he or she is . And sadly the reverse is also true . If it were n't , women would not feel the need to defend their decision to be stay-at-home moms in the era of the career woman . If it were n't , men would not feel challenged if they 're dating a woman who makes more . Nowadays , with so many people either out of work or underemployed , I find that question can not only inject a small measure of shame into a conversation , but herd us into faceless categories like job creator or illegal immigrant . There 's nothing wrong with trying to pass the time by asking strangers nonthreatening questions . But why not ask about something not related to money , such as "  When was the last time a moment took your breath away ? " -- getting back to what it means to be human as opposed to a consumer . Yes , jobs , career , money are all realities and yes , we 've all got to eat . But what 's wrong with talking about good food as opposed to what we had to do to pay for it ? To me , the impetus behind Occupy Wall Street is not about jobs or failed policies . It 's a yearning to be valued again . To be heard and seen . To matter . Some of us are guilty of buying houses we could n't afford or leaning on credit cards to live above our means . Banks created a business model that profits off of our desire to keep up with the Joneses . Now the rugs been pulled from under us and we 're scared . In the title track of his second CD , bluesman Amos Lee sings "  life ai n't only supply and demand . " Somewhere between the Atari 2600 and the first iPod , a lot of us have forgotten that . It seems now would be a good time to remember , because regardless of who wins the election in 2012 , most economists believe the waters will be choppy for some time after . Unnerving , considering how much we 're already at each other 's throats . Somehow we have to remember we are more than our credit score . We are more than what we do for a living . We are more than stuff . Last week , in roughly 36 hours , I went from sipping coffee at a Starbucks in a midsized city in Michigan , to ordering overpriced cocktails at a posh hotel lounge in Beverly Hills , to shaking my head disapprovingly as I drove by Confederate flags that still flap in the wind in Jackson , Mississippi . Along the way I found myself engaged in a number of casual conversations with some of my favorite kind of people -- strangers . It would make sense that folks from the Midwest , West Coast and Deep South would have radically different approaches to life -- and in many ways they do -- but what I found amusing was that regardless of the ZIP code , it did not take long for the person I was talking to ask me what I do for a living . In some cases in Beverly Hills , they wanted to know that before they knew my name . It all seemed so callous and fake . Then I remembered "  what you do " is the new "  who you are . " Now it just all seemed so sad . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says Americans love to ask strangers : "  What do you do for a living ? " He says the once-innocent question has new meaning in a time of economic turmoil It offers a window into how people are doing and in theory how happy they are , he says Granderson : We should be less focused on the material and more on the worth of people
LONDON , England  CNN  -- She has reported from the front lines of conflicts around the world , interviewed world leaders , and investigated the important issues of our time . And on Tuesday , CNN 's Christiane Amanpour received an honor from Queen Elizabeth II in recognition of her work . Christiane Amanpour 's award recognizes her services to journalism . Amanpour received a CBE , or Commander in the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire , "  for services to journalism . " The queen bestowed the honor on Amanpour , CNN 's chief international correspondent , at a ceremony in the ballroom at Buckingham Palace , London . Wearing a white skirt suit and formal brown hat with a bow , Amanpour approached the queen and bowed . The queen , dressed in a bright blue dress , then pinned the medal on Amanpour 's lapel . "  I 'm incredibly thrilled and very proud , " Amanpour told CNN afterwards . Amanpour and the queen briefly chatted during the ceremony , and Amanpour revealed afterwards that the monarch asked about CNN . "  I reminded her that she had actually opened the CNN London bureau , our new London offices , back in 2001 and she had a broad smile when I reminded her of that , " Amanpour said . The medal is a blue and gold cross on a red ribbon with the motto , "  For God and the Empire . " The award was created in 1917 by King George V , who wanted a way to recognize the large numbers of people in the British empire who were helping in the effort during World War One . The CBE ceremony is formally called an "  investiture , " with 20 held each year for those receiving the award . Amanpour said it was "  moving " to witness active military personnel receiving the same award Tuesday -- as well as the Victoria Cross , Britain 's highest military award . The award is considered a major honor for a British citizen and is one rank below knighthood . The British Cabinet Office , which approves the list of recipients , said the CBE rewards a "  highly distinguished , innovative contribution " in the person 's area of activity . Amanpour said she is especially proud that the award simply recognizes her work in journalism . "  I think that 's what 's important to recognize in the current climate , " she said . "  With so much lack of seriousness , so much weight put to sensationalism and tabloidism , I think this is -- I say for myself personally -- a really nice moment to recognize that actually serious journalism is being recognized . " Amanpour has reported on most crises from the world 's many news hotspots including Iraq , Afghanistan , Iran , Israel , Pakistan , Somalia , Rwanda and the Balkans . She recently completed a year-long investigation into religious extremism titled "  God 's Warriors . " Amanpour has said she shares the honor with colleagues and friends who believe in the same kind of journalism , as well as those who have died or been hurt reporting from the front lines . But Amanpour -- born to an Iranian father and a British mother -- says it 's also a great personal honor . "  Personally , as a British subject , this is very nice for my British half , " she said with a smile . E-mail to a friend	Christiane Amanpour receives a CBE "  for services to journalism " Queen Elizabeth II presents the award at Buckingham Palace ceremony NEW Amanpour : "  I 'm incredibly thrilled and very proud " Amanpour has reported from hotspots including Iraq , Somalia and the Balkans
The United States says it has carried out airstrikes and dropped humanitarian aid in the Iraqi town of Amerli to protect an ethnic minority that one official says faces the threat of an "  imminent massacre . " The town of Amerli , which has been besieged by ISIS fighters , is home to many of Iraq 's Shiite Turkmen . To help the trapped people , the United States has carried out humanitarian airdrops , Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said late Saturday . Australia , France and the UK also participated in the aid drop . The U.S. military conducted "  coordinated airstrikes " against ISIS targets as part of an effort to support the humanitarian operation , Kirby said . Video released by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense was strikingly similar to the scenes of the dire situation faced by the Yazidis , who were trapped on the Sinjar Mountains by ISIS , earlier this month . Dozens of people crowded helicopters , hoping to be rescued . Scores more awaited the arrival life-saving supplies in the scorching summer sun . ISIS fighters have surrounded Amerli , 70 miles north of Baquba , since since mid-June . The town 's fewer than 20,000 residents are without power . "  Residents are enduring harsh living conditions with severe food and water shortages , and a complete absence of medical services -- and there are fears of a possible imminent massacre , " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said last week . ISIS has called the Shiite Turkmen heretics and vowed to push them out . Turkmen are descendants of a Turkic-speaking , traditionally nomadic people , who share culture ties with Turkey . There are Sunni and Shiite Turkmen in Iraq , and they account for up to 3 % of Iraq 's population . Turkmen have been subjected to violence before at the hands of Sunni extremists . A truck bomb explosion in 2008 Amerli killed more than 100 people -- an attack that was considered one of the single deadliest attacks of the Iraq War at the time . Report : ISIS selling Yazidi women in Syria Hundreds of Yazidi women abducted by ISIS have either been sold or handed out to members of the Sunni extremist group , according to an organization that monitors the crisis . In the past few weeks , ISIS has "  distributed " to its rank and file about 300 female members of the persecuted religious minority , says the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a UK-based monitoring group aligned with the opposition in Syria . Those women were initially kidnapped in Iraq before being taken to Syria . In ISIS ' eyes , the girls and women are "  captives of the spoils of war with the infidels , " the Syria monitors said , claiming that some had converted to Islam so ISIS fighters can marry them . SOHR says it could confirm at least 27 cases in which women were "  sold and married " for about $ 1,000 each to ISIS militants in Aleppo and Raqqa suburbs and Al-Hassakah . Who are the Yazidis and why does ISIS want to kill them ? Tens of thousands of Yazidis fled to Mount Sinjar in northern Iraq as ISIS fighters made deadly advances on their villages . They became trapped on the mountain , leading to air drops of water , food and other supplies , and eventually airstrikes to dislodge ISIS from the area . Peshmerga forces managed to help most of the Yazidis escape into Iraqi Kurdistan . U.S. President Barack Obama declared an end to the ISIS siege at Mount Sinjar on August 15 , citing the success of the airstrikes . Since early August , nearly 122,600 people in the Sinjar district -- mostly Yazidis -- have taken refuge in Kurdistan , according to USAID . A U.N. report warned of increasing kidnappings by armed groups in Mosul and the area of Mount Sinjar . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees  UNHCR  reported that some of the victims reportedly have been forced to convert to Islam and have been trafficked by the terrorist groups inside and outside of Iraq . A number of villages in Sinjar remain besieged by ISIS and other armed groups , the refugee agency reported . ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , was previously referred to as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Who are ISIS ? Attacks across Iraq At least three Iraqi soldiers were killed Saturday in a suicide car bombing south of Iraq 's capital , police said , dealing a blow to the military in that area for a second straight day as government forces fight ISIS militants across the country . Seven other soldiers were injured in the attack , which happened at an army checkpoint in Yousifiya , a predominantly Sunni Muslim area about 35 kilometers  22 miles  south of Baghdad , police in Baghdad said . It was n't immediately clear who conducted the bombing . The blast came a day after nine Iraqi soldiers and Shiite Muslim militiamen were killed in clashes with suspected ISIS militants in nearby Mahmoudiya , a Sunni Muslim community about 29 kilometers south of Baghdad . During the height of Iraq 's insurgency last decade following a U.S.-led invasion , Yousifiya and Mahmoudiya , along with the town of Latifiya , made up the Sunni area known as the "  Triangle of Death " because it was an al Qaeda stronghold and a lair for criminals . Iraqi forces under a Shiite-led regime , as well as ethnic Kurdish forces , have been battling ISIS , which this year took over large portions of northern and western Iraq and eastern Syria for what it calls its new caliphate . Well before ISIS made gains , Iraq was beset for years by sectarian violence , with Sunnis feeling politically marginalized under a Shiite-led government since the U.S.-led ouster of longtime leader Saddam Hussein in 2003 . More U.S. airstrikes U.S. forces conducted more airstrikes against ISIS targets near the Mosul on Saturday , according to the U.S. military , destroying a militant fighting position and armed vehicle . "  The strikes were conducted under the authority to support Iraqi security force and Kurdish defense force operations , as well as to protect critical infrastructure , U.S. personnel and facilities , and support humanitarian efforts , " U.S. Central Command said in a press release . CENTCOM said it has carried 115 strikes across Iraq . Kerry : ` The cancer of ISIS will not be allowed to spread '	U.S. begins aid drops to Iraqi town surrounded by ISIS , the Pentagon says Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIS has sold Yazidi girls and women About 300 have been abducted , the rights group says Syria monitors : ISIS sees them as "  captives of the spoils of war with the infidels "
CNN  -- Facing the world after an isolating and traumatic experience is often stressful , especially for those who have been away for a long time . Jaycee Dugard , here at the 1991 Rose Bowl parade , was abducted later that year . Jaycee Dugard is reuniting with her close relatives for the first time in 18 years , after having been found on August 27 . Dugard was 11 years old when she was abducted in 1991 from a bus stop in South Lake Tahoe , California . She allegedly was kept in a series of backyard sheds by a convicted sex offender and gave birth to two children in captivity . A bail review hearing is scheduled for Monday in El Dorado County Superior Court in Placerville , California , for Phillip and Nancy Garrido , who face charges related to Dugard 's kidnapping . In Illinois , Shannon Wilfong is charged with child abduction , allegedly having forced 6-year-old Richard K. Wilfong Chekevdia to live in seclusion and be hidden , at times in crawl spaces and the attic , for nearly two years , according to court documents . In concealing the boy , Wilfong violated the terms of a court order that granted joint custody of the child to Michael Chekevdia , the documents said . The boy is staying with his father 's family under child welfare supervision , according to CNN affiliate WSIL . The situations of Dugard and Chekevdia are extreme cases of people emerging from isolation and returning to the real world . The people who have been away often feel conflicted about leaving the situation they 've acclimated to in order to rejoin the loved ones they 've left behind , experts not connected to the cases tell CNN . Sometimes children involved in custody disputes are taught to hate their father or mother , and "  extreme tactics " may be used , although usually not to the extent of hiding a child in crawl spaces , said Jay Lebow , psychologist at The Family Institute at Northwestern University . "  While this case is obviously the rarest of things , other children are certainly exposed to many traumas that have meaning connected to this , " Lebow said . The case of Dugard Dugard is spending time in "  a secluded place , reconnecting " with her mother and younger sister , said her aunt , Tina Dugard , in a statement on behalf of her family . "  This is a joyful time for my family , " she said . "  Jaycee remembers all of us . " Watch for more on Dugard " But a person in Dugard 's situation would most likely have both positive and negative feelings about leaving the only environment she 's known for 18 years and coming back to her family , psychologists say . "  She 's going to have a lot of mixed feelings about returning to her family of origin because she 's spent almost two decades with a different family , " said Margo Napoletano , a child and family psychologist in San Diego , California . After allegedly being confined for 18 years , Dugard probably would find the outside world frightening , Lebow said . "  You get to know this world you live in -- it may be a terrible world , but it 's the world you know , " he said . Experts say Dugard may have developed what is known as Stockholm syndrome , in which kidnapping victims identify with their captors . Learning to live with and even like the perpetrator has survival value , Napoletano said , and also explains why someone like Dugard probably would feel somewhat torn about returning to her original family . Learn about other cases of missing children " "  It 's a concept that explains why a kidnapped victim would stay with a perpetrator even though they had an opportunity to leave , " she said . "  They opt to stay because it 's their comfort zone . " But Johanna Tabin , a psychologist in Glencoe , Illinois , said Dugard 's readjustment will depend on how she was treated in captivity . Police said Phillip Garrido , one of her alleged abductors , is believed to be the father of her two daughters , and his relationship to Dugard -- whether he framed their alleged sexual encounters as violent or seductive -- will influence her feelings about leaving that situation , Tabin said . It is also important to know how Dugard felt about her family before she was taken away , Tabin said . "  Did she secretly mourn them ? " Tabin asked . "  Did she feel she stepped on a different planet where she was all of a sudden a grown-up 11-year-old and was n't being treated anymore like a child ? " Her family members may have constantly wondered what they could have done differently to prevent the kidnapping , Tabin said . At the same time , someone in Dugard 's situation may have asked herself at the outset , "  Why did they let me get kidnapped ? " Lebow said . There is an infinite range of responses , but more information about Dugard 's feelings growing up and in captivity would inform how she adjusts to her new life , Tabin said . The situation is likely also difficult for Dugard 's two daughters , born to her in captivity , who have never met Dugard 's family before , Napoletano said . "  It 's basically like a wild child who may have had some contact with civilization , but basically is having to start life all over again , and that may be overwhelming to them at first , " she said . Napoletano said she would suggest to a family like Dugard 's to be accepting and supportive , and not ask a lot of questions . "  Go about your daily life as usual for the most part , and take the lead from the therapist , one small step at a time , " she said . Lebow advises them against looking for some sudden moment of reconnection , but rather to be loving and patient . Coming back from combat Dugard 's reuniting with her family could also be likened to a soldier coming back from a "  hellacious war , " Lebow said . A recent survey of military spouses of deployed Army soldiers with school-age children found that the return from deployment is the most stressful , according to three-quarters of respondents . Reunification brings excitement and relief , which is sometimes accompanied by emotional conflict , the surveyors said . Read more about the study In the military , bonds of brotherhood form as people face dangers together , Tabin said . When service members come home , they may find life "  shallower , " and feel that they are not the same people as when they left , she said . In a case where a husband has been away at war and returns to his wife , the desire to understand one another 's feelings is fundamental , she said . "  She wants to be understanding , he wants to be able to shove it aside , then he has nightmares , and she says , ` you 're not setting it aside , ' " Tabin said . "  Well , consciously he is -- he 's not awake when he dreams . " Do n't force the person who has been away to talk about their experiences , Napoletano said . She also stressed that a family should try to normalize the life of the service member who has returned from war . Waking up in the morning , going grocery shopping , washing clothes and doing other day-to-day activities help create a stable , comforting environment , she said .	Jaycee Dugard , found August 27 , is reuniting with her family after 18 years People who return to their families after years away often feel conflicted about it Expert : Do n't force the person who has been away to talk about their experiences It 's important to go about day-to-day activities , such as grocery shopping
Azwan Elias arrived in America this summer filled with excitement and eagerness to learn . Everyone who knows him says he is wise beyond his 17 years , that he is destined to lead others in his restive homeland of Iraq . He set foot on U.S. soil for the first time in June , part of a group of young Iraqis chosen for a State Department-sponsored leadership program . But the hopes in his heart vanished as fast as they had blossomed . He was forced to watch from afar as militants from ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , pressed into northern Iraq , steamrolling Mosul , the nation 's second largest city , and then chunks of Ninevah province . Azwan 's family feared for their lives in Bozan , a Yazidi village on the arid plains of Ninevah that 's about 30 miles from Mosul . They had lived there all their lives in a modest home built by Azwan 's grandfather . Azwan 's father worked as a veterinarian once and owned a small farm with a garden and grazing cows and sheep . As a child , Azwan played with his five brothers and sisters and his cousins in the garden . They rode tricycles along a paved driveway and cooled off in Iraq 's blistering blaze by soaking in a small , portable pool . On special holidays , they walked up a mountain that rose to the sky above their village for a family picnic . Occasionally , they visited Lalish , the main holy site for Yazidis . Azwan remembers going twice to the temple , squeezed into a crevice between two mountains and just a short drive from Bozan . Azwan , the oldest boy in the family , was a serious student . His father encouraged his education and had sent him to the Kurdish city of Irbil to study at The Kingery Institute for English and Computing , run by an American . There , he began working with another American , Brad Blauser , whose charity delivers wheelchairs to Iraqi children with disabilities . Everyone held high expectations that Azwan would succeed . One day , the family would break from the cycle that kept them bound to an impoverished village . But now they were on the run . Their community was facing extermination . And Azwan , whose drive to help others had led him to America , watched from afar , unable to help even his own family . ISIS fighters were turning their rage on anyone who refused to succumb to their radical Sunni tenets , including Christians and Yazidis , religious minorities in Iraq . Hundreds of thousands were displaced overnight , according to the regional government . Azwan 's family , like many others , fled north to the outskirts of Zakho , a city in Iraq 's Kurdistan region on the border with Turkey . If Azwan returned to Iraq , he would have to fly into the airport in Irbil , under the Kurdish regional government . But he would be cut off from his family because the highway to Zakho goes through Mosul and territory under ISIS control . He feared that if ISIS managed to enter Irbil , the first thing it would shut down would be the airport . Then , he would never be able to get out . If he could get permission to stay in America , he would be safe . He might even have a chance at a life he could never dream of in Iraq . But he would be separated from his family , perhaps for a very long time . The plight of his people bore down on Azwan as he attended classes every day with 25 other Iraqi students . He was the only Yazidi in the group . The group traveled to various cities in America and spent a chunk of time in Portland , Oregon . Azwan savored the lush greenery of the Pacific Northwest and the wildly different taste of Mexican food . But his mind raced across continents and an ocean to the starkly arid , undulating landscape of northern Iraq . Life-and-death decisions Azwan was only 13 when he left home in Bozan to study in Irbil . He loved school but hated that his geography books contained no pictures or illustrations . He looked forward to enrolling at the Kingery Institute , opened in 2008 by American doctor and missionary Paul Kingery . Kingery remembers the first time he saw Azwan -- slight and so shy that for months he left the room every time Kingery entered . Over time , he relaxed and picked up Americanisms , though Kingery said Azwan remained true to his Yazidi roots : respectful , quick to help elders and hypervigilant about visitors of all religions and ethnic groups who came to the institute . Eventually , Azwan grew to help manage the institute and assisted Blauser , the former civilian contractor in Iraq who ran Wheelchairs for Kids and was nominated as a 2009 CNN Hero . Blauser recalls Azwan 's determination to help his fellow villagers . He was smart and enterprising : a kid who thought more about teachers ' salaries than about video games . Azwan found the work rewarding . The stigma attached to disabilities is so high in Iraq that Azwan grew up not knowing his neighbor had two children who needed wheelchairs . They had hidden their secret well . But times were getting tough for the Yazidis , long persecuted in Iraq for their religious beliefs . Yazidis are one of the world 's oldest and smallest monotheistic religious minorities . Their ancient religion predates Islam by thousands of years and has links to Zoroastrianism . They venerate Lucifer as a redeemed archangel , which is why Muslims view them -- mistakenly -- as devil worshipers . Islamic militant attacks on the Yazidis in Iraq are based on this centuries-old loathing . Even before ISIS arrived , Azwan 's family lived under constant fear that Sunni militants in Mosul would attack Yazidis , as they had been known to do in the past . One time , they stopped a school bus , yanked all the Yazidi children out and shot them dead . But "  Yazidi " was not in America 's vocabulary until in recent weeks when militant Islam 's wrath threatened to wipe out an entire people in Iraq . ISIS slaughtered more than 500 Yazidis , burying some of them alive . They captured women as slaves , ordered conversions to Islam and laid siege to Mount Sinjar , trapping 50,000 Yazidi people atop without food and water . Azwan 's father , Assad Elias , decided it was not safe for the family to remain in Bozan , so they fled to Zakho . Azwan 's sister sent him photographs on her cell phone from the Turkish border . Azwan told me it was hard to look at those images . He knew his loved ones , displaced from their home , were huddled together in a small room , struggling to survive . He also knew his father was not telling him everything . I called his father to learn more about their situation . "  Please say hello to Azwan , " Assad Elias told me , the fatigue apparent in his voice . "  Do n't tell him about our condition . I do n't want him to worry . " He also said he does n't want Azwan to return to Iraq . "  We , Yazidis , are treated like third-class citizens , " Elias said . "  Everywhere is filled with refugees . ISIS -- they hate non-Muslims who are not radicals . We and the Christians are vulnerable now to eradication . " Azwan , he said , should make a new life in America and hold onto one belief : one day the family will be reunited . His father worries because no one in the family has a passport . Getting one would have meant a trip to Mosul , and for the last decade he has feared entering the Sunni-dominated city that has been a hotbed of insurgent activity since the ouster of Saddam Hussein in 2003 . Without passports , the Elias family can not cross the Turkish border . Once a proud farmer and veterinarian , Assad Elias feels like a caged bird . Life centers every day now on one thing : staying alive . An uncomfortable silence followed . Then Elias ' voice strengthened . "  Thank you , " he said , "  to good people everywhere . I wish only for peace in the world . " In America , Azwan worried about what would happen if ISIS pushed northward . How would his loved ones escape ? He feared they would be trapped and slaughtered like animals . "  My family -- they are scared , " he said . "  They do n't know what 's going to happen . " He knew he was facing decisions that no one his age should have to make . A chance at life free of fear Last week , the visiting Iraqi students in the State Department 's youth development program visited the White House and met with Vice President Joe Biden even as President Barack Obama was dealing with the myriad problems in Iraq . It was the last outing for the Iraqi students . The leadership program was nearing an end . Time was running out for Azwan.He knew he could potentially face death if he returned to Iraq . The young Iraqis boarded a plane to carry them back to their troubled land , their future prospects seemingly bleaker by the day . They took off with the horrific ISIS killing of American journalist James Foley in the headlines . They took off without Azwan . He stayed back with Bertwin Lord , a Washington-based international business consultant who knows Blauser and met Azwan at Kingery 's school in Irbil . The three Americans had kept in touch with Azwan during his stay in the United States and stepped up to help him . Lord said Azwan 's father gave him permission to act as a guardian for Azwan until he turns 18 next month . Lord then filed a petition for Azwan to obtain asylum in the United States . Lord believes the current persecution of the Yazidis is more than enough reason to grant asylum . It ought to be an open and shut case , he said . The petition is pending . "  He 's a good kid , " Lord said . "  I know him . He deserves this . " Azwan said he is ready to finish schooling here and launch his American dream , even though he has no way of knowing when he will see his parents and siblings again . But he feels lucky . Amid a real threat of extermination of his people , Azwan knows he is getting a chance to flourish . Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter	Azwan Elias came to America as part of a State Department leadership program Back home in Iraq , his family fled ISIS persecution of the Yazidis Separated from his family , Azwan fears returning to his homeland He watched the slaughter of his people from afar
HONOLULU , Hawaii  CNN  -- It 's been more than a year since a racial slur threatened to end the television career of Duane "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman . But the incident still weighs heavily on his mind . Duane "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman watches his son 's baseball game this month in Honolulu , Hawaii . A&E briefly suspended his top-rated reality show in late 2007 , and his reputation was on the line . Now , with his show back on the air and at the top of the network 's ratings list , Chapman insists that he does not want the controversy to be forgotten . "  They said , ` It 'll pass , ' and I said to the guy , ` You know what ? I wo n't let it . ' " Chapman , 56 , spoke candidly about accusations of racism on a recent windy Saturday afternoon on the sidelines of 8-year-old son Garry 's baseball game . It was his other son , Tucker , who recorded a profanity-laced conversation with his father and reportedly sold the recording -- which included Chapman repeatedly using the "  n-word " -- to the National Enquirer in 2007 . Some African-American leaders called for the cancellation of his show . Chapman said he was advised to lay low for several weeks , but he refused . "  All the spin doctors ... all those guys told me , ` Dog , say that you were this , say you were that , -LSB- but -RSB- if you go out there , you 're done . ' I said , ` I 'm going out in a hail of glory . You may call me a convict ... but you ai n't gon na call me something I 'm not . I 'm going out swinging . ' " Chapman said his meetings with leaders of the black community were more than an attempt to redeem himself in the public eye and get his show back on the air . In a February 8 , 2008 , foreword to his book , "  You Can Run But You Ca n't Hide , " he writes that "  giving up cussing is just the first step toward my evolution as a human . " He said he was referring to his use of the racial slur , which he admits -- even on the recording -- knowing that it would spark public outrage . But as a former prison inmate of mixed ethnicity -- he is part Native American -- Chapman said he felt he could use the word without it defining him as a racist . "  I was with 38,000 black men at the age of 22 in the '70s , the -LSB- prison -RSB- guards -- whether they 're black or white -- called them that -LSB- the slur -RSB- every day , " he said . "  Once I said it and met with leaders of the black community and realized what that word meant , that 's when I said , ' I will never again utter that word . Ever . ' " He said , "  I do n't give a damn that -LSB- it -RSB- was a private call they burglarized ; I knew not to do that . I did n't know not to say the word because what it would do , but I do now . Now if you catch me -LSB- saying it -RSB- , you wo n't have to stop my show , I 'll resign . " Controversy is something that Chapman draws on ; it defines his character both publicly and privately . He ran with motorcycle gangs before he was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to a five-year prison term in 1977 . He maintains his innocence and served a fraction of the sentence . His determination to prove he was the world 's best bounty hunter led him to Mexico in 2003 , where he and his team captured the heir to the Max Factor cosmetics fortune , Andrew Luster , who was convicted in absentia on charges of rape . The Mexican government charged Chapman and his team with kidnapping and demanded their extradition , but the charges later were dropped . His life story of an ex-con-turned-vigilante is the hallmark of his celebrity and leads many people to tune in to his show , which began in 2004 . Chapman said his fans perceived the racial slur incident differently . "  Not one black person to this day has walked up to me and said anything bad ; it 's all been the whites , " he said . " -LSB- Others said -RSB- , ` You know here 's a bounty hunter , was convicted , went to prison , 30 years later he 's arrested 7,000 people . You think he might say a couple bad words . ' That 's the good things that were said to me . " His 10-year-old daughter , Bonnie Jo , heard about what happened on the radio . "  And she goes , ` Dad , you know you ca n't use that -LSB- word -RSB- , you 're not a rapper . OK , love you , Dad , see you . ' And I 'm like , ` And is that what your friends are saying ? ' ` Yep , they know you 're not a rapper . They know you 're Dog the Bounty Hunter . And it was over , just like that . " While some of his viewers have forgotten the controversy , Chapman does not want it to go away -- particularly the accusations that were leveled against him in the media . "  You better not forget the s *** you put me through over that . I ai n't lettin ' 'em forget it . Ever . You think black guys forget it ? It hurts my feelings to hear it -LSB- the slur -RSB- . So , yeah , there 's such a thing as passing , but I never heard of that . It ai n't passing . " He added , "  I understand the saying now , ` Lest ye forget . ' Do n't ever forget that . Please do n't forget that , that I went through that . That I learned . "	Use of slur threatened to end TV career of Duane "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman Chapman says he does not want the controversy to be forgotten Chapman was heard repeatedly using racial slur in recording sold to tabloid Reality show has returned successfully to A&E network
CNN  -- Today marks one year since a tragic fire at the Tazreen Fashions factory in Bangladesh killed 112 workers . When the fire alarms went off that day , managers acted with indifference and forced workers to stay at their stations . Months later , devastation again struck Bangladesh 's workers when the Rana Plaza building collapsed , killing 1,131 . Inspectors had declared the building unsafe , yet management compelled the workers to enter with threats of lost pay or termination . These twin tragedies galvanized world attention on the terrible conditions under which Bangladeshi workers produce over $ 20 billion worth of clothing for consumers abroad each year . For many Americans , Bangladesh is a far-off nation on the other side of the world . The challenges workers face there seem distant . But in this country we have risen in solidarity when workers ' rights have been ignored . Just as the 1911 Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in New York City resulted in dramatic changes to U.S. factory safety standards , the tragedies in Bangladesh are a call to action for consumers in America . The principles of fairness and equality for working men and women are deeply interwoven within the fabric of our nation 's history . No one will want to wear clothes made in Bangladesh if they are stained with the blood of workers . After these tragedies , I urged the Obama administration to suspend preferential duty-free status for certain products from Bangladesh . Our government responded and since the suspension of Generalized System of Preferences benefits , Bangladesh 's government has dropped charges against labor activists and begun to allow local unions to form . In addition to pressure from our government , American and European companies are working together to establish common standards for fire and building safety . A 77 % increase in the minimum wage was announced but is not yet enacted . The AFL-CIO 's Solidarity Center is training union organizers and the International Labor Organization has established a program to help develop durable institutions to protect workers ' rights . But considerable long-term work remains . Unions have a troubled history in Bangladesh . In the past they were subject to undue influence by political forces with agendas that did not put workers first . This legacy will be difficult to overcome -- workers need to feel safe in joining a union and management needs to understand that unions can play a constructive role in worker safety as well as factory production . However , there are disturbing signs of backsliding , so Western governments and consumers must remain vigilant . Some factory managers have intimidated union organizers and thugs have reportedly attacked workers who dared to organize . Dozens of workers have died in fires in Bangladesh 's factories since Rana Plaza collapsed . We have a responsibility and an opportunity to bring about change in Bangladesh 's garment industry . First , the United States must remain vigilant and ensure that labor law reforms are correctly implemented and labor organizers are protected from anti-union activity . We should also increase funding for efforts , such as the AFL-CIO 's Solidarity Center programs , that support workers ' capacity to organize and engage in collective bargaining . Second , the government of Bangladesh and the garment industry associations should immediately develop and apply tough sanctions against factory owners who engage in anti-union activity . Finally , international companies must continue to require their supplier factories to abide by strict safety and labor standards . The latter will require long-term , well-resourced programs to educate their suppliers on workers ' rights and constructive worker-management relations . They should also implement a zero-tolerance policy for suppliers who consistently engage in anti-union activity . A Bangladesh with a fully empowered work force and safe factories will require sustained action by its government , apparel companies , domestic factory owners , organized labor as well as the international community . It will take time , but this time there can be no going back . A year ago , the world woke up to the horror caused by unsafe working conditions in Bangladesh . We owe it to the victims and the four million garment workers in Bangladesh , who produce a lot of the clothes we wear , to maintain pressure until Bangladesh 's workers are given the rights they deserve and the tools they need to protect themselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Menendez .	Today marks one year since a fire killed 112 workers in a factory in Bangladesh Robert Menendez : The tragedies in Bangladesh are a call to action for consumers He says no one wants to wear clothes if they are stained with the blood of workers Menendez : We need to push Bangladesh to protect workers and their rights
Washington  CNN  -- Lou Klein , 64 , shot his first gun when he was 11 . "  My dad bought me a single-shot .22 rifle at an Ace Hardware store in Chicago for $ 19.95 , " Klein remembered . "  I used to take that gun on the bus when I was 11 years old and go down to the shooting range . You could n't do that now ; you would have the FBI on you . " Those bus trips to the firing range started a lifelong passion for the Vietnam veteran and lifetime National Rifle Association member and recruiter who owns Lou 's Sporting Goods in Bowie , Maryland . Why would someone own a military-style rifle ? His shop sells everything from handguns to AR-15 semi-automatic rifles -- the military-style weapon used in several mass shootings , including the one last week in Newtown , Connecticut , that claimed 28 lives , including 20 children , their principal , the shooter 's mother and gunman Adam Lanza , who took his own life . Klein 's business is booming . And like many gun owners , he said he does n't think limiting firearms will prevent another massacre . Parents defend right to keep guns in the home "  Gun control is not the answer ; it 's about education and about responsibility , " said Klein , who supports background checks , a waiting period , gun safety courses and mental health screening . Klein and millions of other small-town gun shop owners , hunters , housewives , former police officers and just plain everyday folks who proudly defend their right to bear arms have walked a tenuous line in the week following the Newtown shootings . They 've tried to balance responding to the nation 's grief and horror at a crime that ended so many young lives , while worrying about what gun rights advocates see as a threat of knee-jerk legislation that could tread on their constitutional rights . "  I believe the Second Amendment provided that the average American citizen should have the same rights to armaments as the military . But do I want my next-door nut job neighbor to have a bazooka ? No , " said Noel Flasterstein , a Florida attorney and gun rights advocate . Mike Zammitti , a young gun owner in New England , agrees . Zammitti , 22 , lives in Boylston , Massachusetts , and has three guns -- a .22 rifle , a .25 - caliber pocket pistol and a .22 Luger handgun . He also is a Class-A license holder , which allows him to "  conceal and carry " his guns with him . But that does n't mean that he does it . iReport : Was your gun banned ? His weapons , he said , are for protection . He also said he does n't need an assault rifle to protect himself in his home and does n't think other people need them either . "  I absolutely think we should ban assault weapons , " Zammitti said . "  There is no reason to have assault weapons on the market . ... Those are people killers ; they are not meant to go hunting . " Still , even though he believes in some gun control laws , Zammitti said he fully supports the right to bear arms . The NRA , a powerful gun lobby with roughly 4.3 million members , spoke out on Friday , calling for armed guards at schools to protect the nation 's children . The group signaled no willingness to consider any of the various proposals offered this week to change gun laws regarding access to assault weapons , universal background checks , limits on sales at gun shows , increased use of trigger locks or any other gun control regulation . Instead , the group pointed at media sensationalism , violent video games , gun-free zones , the failure to enforce gun laws already on the books , issues with the nation 's mental health system and other societal problems . Policies banning guns at schools create a place that "  insane killers " consider "  the safest place to inflict maximum mayhem with minimum risk , " Wayne LaPierre , executive vice president of the NRA said on Friday . LaPierre said U.S. society has left children "  utterly defenseless . " "  The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , " he said . In the days following the school shootings , individual NRA members took to Twitter , Facebook , the airwaves and the comment sections of websites such as CNN.com to explain their position . It usually went along these lines : They are not all gun-toting villains . They are , they proudly proclaim , patriots . "  Guns are what 's kept this country free , and it 's what 's keeping our country free , " Klein said , pointing to the militias in the Revolutionary War that fought against the British . NRA breaks silence after shootings The NRA plans to speak out Friday and "  is prepared to offer meaningful contributions to help make sure this never happens again . " Not everyone is buying the "  meaningful contributions , " however . "  I think the statement they just released is a bunch of garbage ; they just wanted to get ahead of the issue , " Zammitti said . "  If you look at their history , they are hard-core ` guns do n't kill people , people kill people . ' "  As soon as little kids get hurt , they try to get ahead of the picture saying , ` We 're going to do something . ' " This week , President Barack Obama tapped Vice President Joe Biden to help lead a White House effort to craft proposals aimed at preventing another tragedy such as the Newtown shootings . The recommendations are due sometime in January . That same month , several lawmakers have promised to introduce or reintroduce gun control legislation , ranging from a reinstatement of a federal ban on assault weapons to banning the sale of high-capacity magazines . The NRA , which is regrouping in anticipation of that massive legislative push , will make its presence felt through congressional testimony and wielding the type of political sway the pro-gun lobby has carefully amassed over dozens of election cycles , experts said . "  I want to see legislators make correct appraisals , not emotional responses , " said Richard Feldman , who was regional political director for the NRA during its rise to power in the 1980s and is president of a gun rights group called the Independent Firearm Owners Association . The list : Despite emotions , little happens legislatively after mass shootings Across the rest of the nation , attitudes about guns appear to be changing . A CNN/ORC International poll released Wednesday indicates that a slight majority now favor major restrictions on owning guns or an outright ban on gun ownership by ordinary citizens and more than six in 10 favor a ban on semi-automatic assault rifles . The number of Americans who favor major restrictions or an outright ban has typically hovered just under the 50 % mark in recent years ; now that number is 52 % . That 's a rise in 5 percentage points from a CNN survey conducted in August following the mass shootings at a movie theater in suburban Denver that left 12 dead and shootings at a Sikh temple in suburban Milwaukee , where six people were killed . The 5-point rise is within the poll 's sampling error . Forty-three percent said the elementary school shootings in Connecticut make them more likely to support gun control laws , a 15-point increase from January 2011 following the Arizona gun rampage that wounded U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . Half of those questioned said the school shootings have not changed their opinions on gun control , down 19 points from January 2011 . But that 's just roughly half of the country . The other half is made up of the kind of people who have flooded Klein 's suburban Washington shop after the Newtown shootings . People who , like Klein , believe that if Sandy Hook Elementary School teachers were armed , they would have been able to kill the shooter before he killed all those children . Lanza 's guns : What we know so far "  Last night I did n't get out until 10 , " Klein said through a mouthful of a rushed lunch . He 's almost sold out of AR-15s , he said . He just sold two Wednesday morning to a man who wanted them for his sons . Since the gun sales are not reported , trends in gun sales are typically tracked by the number of background checks the FBI conducts each year . In 2011 -- a record year -- the FBI conducted 16,454,951 background checks . In 2012 , not counting the month of December , the FBI has already conducted 16,808,538 . This includes the run on guns after Obama 's re-election but does not include the recent sprint to buy up weapons after the Newtown shootings . And Klein 's store 's sales are not an anomaly ; gun stores across the country are reporting record sales in the week following the Newtown shootings . Klein said gun owners are worried they wo n't be able to purchase semi-automatic rifles such as the AR-15 in the future , so they are buying them up now . Those concerns are rooted in the fear that tampering with Second Amendment rights could lead to a slippery slope of infringing on other constitutional rights , gun policy experts said . "  With respect to assault rifles , I have a constitutional right to have one . ... That 's what our founding father and mothers recognized , " said Feldman of the Independent Firearm Owners Association . "  It 's what it protects us from -- the possibility of a tyrannical government . "  I do n't think we 're going to have a tyrannical government , and I do n't think Obama  is going to bring about a  tyrannical government . If we take away the Second Amendment , maybe it would . " Opinion : Strong case for gun rights CNN 's David Mattingly and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : The NRA calls for armed guards at schools Gun owners have walked a careful line in the wake of the Connecticut shootings Gun sales are up across the country in anticipation of possible gun-control legislation Some gun owners part with the NRA on policies , calling its recent announcement "  garbage "
CNN  -- China is proving home from home for Novak Djokovic as he demonstrated yet again by rebuffing the considerable challenge mounted by Juan Martin Del Potro to retain his Shanghai Masters title Sunday in another three set classic . Last year Djokovic also went the distance to beat Britain 's Andy Murray in a riveting final rated as one of the best matches on the ATP Tour in 2012 , this time around he showed all his battling qualities to see off the Argentine ace 6-1 3-6 7-6 at the Qizhong Tennis Center . Sixth seed Del Potro had stunned new World No. 1 Rafael Nadal in the semifinals , but could not repeat these heroics despite forcing a third set . Neither player could gain the crucial break of service in the decider , but Djokovic opened up 2-0 and 4-2 leads in the tie-break and won the title with a backhand winner down the line after two hours 33 minutes . It was his seventh of the season and came hard on the heels of winning the China Open last week where he beat Nadal in the final . He paid tribute to Del Potro after his latest triumph . "  He 's a fantastic player and a great person , " Djokovic told the official ATP Tour website . "  All the way up to the last point , I did n't know if I was going to win the match . It was a very even match . My motivation is there always , especially when I 'm playing finals of such a big event . " The 26-year-old was winning his 20th straight match on Chinese soil and he improved to 62-9 for the season . Djokovic was also claiming 15th Masters 1000 crown and will head to the ATP World Tour Finals in London next month in confident mood ahead of that title defense . Del Potro had stunned Nadal Saturday , but his confidence would have taken an early dent as the World No. 2 Djokovic swept through the opener for the loss of just one game . The 25-year-old sixth seed broke through in the second game of the second set on Djokovic 's service and held his lead to take the match all the way . But once again Djokovic , 26 , demonstrated his will to win under pressure and held firm to land the $ 729,725 top prize . Former U.S. Open champion Del Potro has booked his place for London , with other confirmed qualifiers Nadal , Djokovic and Spain 's David Ferrer . Murray has withdrawn after surgery on a troublesome back ended his season . But this was little consolation for Del Potro after his heroics against Nadal gave him high hopes in the final . "  The match was really close and I think Nole played unbelievable points in the tie-break , " he told the official ATP Tour website . "  It 's a really bad loss for me now . I was really close to beating him after beating Nadal . " Meanwhile on the WTA Tour , top seed Angelique Kerber of Germany beat third seed Ana Ivanovic of Serbia 6-4 7-6 to win the tournament in Linz . Kerber clinched her place in the WTA Championships earlier this week .	Novak Djokovic retains Shanghai Masters crown Beats Juan Martin Del Potro in thrilling three set final 20th straight win for the Serbian in China Del Potro has qualified for ATP World Tour Finals in London
CNN  -- Olympic fever gripped the host nation on Wednesday as Britain won its first gold medals of the 2012 Games , but in a quiet corner of England arguably the greatest sporting performance of the day was played out before a much smaller audience of just 13,000 people . Frankel , the world 's top-ranked racehorse , defended his unbeaten record in typically emphatic style , thrashing his rivals to win the showpiece Sussex Stakes at the Glorious Goodwood meeting by sixth lengths from Farhh -- a valiant second under Frankie Dettori . He became the first horse to win the Group One race two years in a row . It was the 12th victory of Frankel 's career , and the eighth at Group One level -- seven of those in a row , drawing him level with Rock of Gibraltar and Miss Terrible but two short of Zenyatta 's leading elite mark . The margin of victory would have been greater had jockey Tom Queally not eased Frankel down in the final strides , but his success was widely expected . The Henry Cecil-trained four-year-old was sent off at odds of 20-1 on , meaning a bet of $ 20 would return just $ 1 . Although there are few certainties in the field of athletic endeavor , the result of this race never looked in doubt . Led out , as usual , by his big brother and pace maker Bullet Train , Frankel destroyed the field with such insouciant ease that at times the race resembled a time trial . Even cycling champion Bradley Wiggins , however , is not capable of the sustained burst of speed that is Frankel 's hallmark -- every one of his all-devouring strides opened up more and ground between him and the rest of the field . While Frankel is undoubtedly great news for racing -- he is the only equine athlete who regularly grabs the headlines from his human counterparts -- to some degree the hype around this superstar has turned him into a victim of his own success . These days he runs against ever-dwindling fields -- on this occasion just three rivals went to the start , and that included stable companion Bullet Train , whose sole purpose in life is to give Frankel a flying start in his races then humbly fade into obscurity in the final furlongs . If horses were capable of sibling rivalry , then Bullet Train would surely be a candidate for the psychiatrist 's couch . Given the testing conditions at the West Sussex course  several horses had already come a cropper around the famously tight right-hand bend  , this was never going to be a procession on the scale of the 11-length drubbing Frankel handed out at Royal Ascot back in June . But sixth lengths -- and an eased-down sixth lengths at that -- is still a huge margin in racing terms . Frankel 's next challenge will be the Juddmonte Stakes at York later this month , which will see him step up from the mile distance for the first time in his career . If there was a cloud to Frankel 's silver lining it was that Cecil , who has masterminded the horse 's career to perfection , could not be at Goodwood to enjoy his colt 's success . The 69-year-old is undergoing another bout of treatment for cancer . His jockey , however , was a picture of modesty when accepting the plaudits for the horse 's latest performance : "  He does it all very easily and therefore I have a very easy job , " Queally told reporters . "  All I have to do is steer . " Such is Frankel 's dominance in his own sport that the comparisons tend to be made with athletes from outside of his own species , such as 0.49-furlong runner Usain Bolt , record-breaking swimmer Michael Phelps or the hitherto-peerless Mohammed Ali . If the successes keep coming in this fashion , Ali et al had better watch their backs , for , human or non-human , we could be witnessing the greatest of all time .	Frankel becomes first horse to defend Sussex Stakes title at Glorious Goodwood The unbeaten colt , ranked No. 1 in world , wins his seventh successive Group One race Jockey Tom Queally guides Frankel to a six-length victory at the English meeting His next race will see him step up from the mile distance for the first time in his career
CNN  -- Money 's tight and gas prices are high , but a change of scenery is good for the soul . As much of the country tries to balance prices at the pump with the all-American summer vacation , we asked six reporters across the country to share easy road trip recommendations from their stomping grounds . CNN 's Reynolds Wolf filled up a gas-guzzling Ford Expedition for $ 99 and traveled east from Waycross , Georgia , to the coastal islands and up to Spanish moss-draped Savannah in a day . Watch the video above to check out that adventure and read on for five more one-tank trip ideas . On a budget ? Take a road trip MINNESOTA From : Minneapolis , Minnesota To : Brainerd , Minnesota Average price/gallon of regular gas in Minneapolis : * $ 3.52  $ 2.73 a year ago  Miles , round-trip : about 250 miles Travel time : About 2 1/2 hours each way If you call the Twin Cities of Minnesota home , the chain of lakes up near Brainerd makes for a great change of pace , perfect for anyone who needs a little break from summer construction and traffic jams in the metro area . The Brainerd Lakes Area , home to more than 450 lakes , is about 125 miles from Minneapolis -- a doable one-tank trip . Skip the hotels or fancy lodges and try logging on to the website Vacation Rentals By Owner for a cabin tailored to your needs . These lakes are home to hundreds of cabins , suitable for families large and small . It can be very economical , not to mention convenient , to have a little house all to yourself . I found a little cabin on Upper Gull Lake with its own stretch of beach and free use of the owner 's canoe . The cabin was essentially one large room with a nice queen-size bed , a sitting area with TV , a kitchenette and a bathroom . As for dining , if you want a fun family atmosphere where you can literally pull up your boat and order , check out Zorbaz on the Lake . It has a big kid-friendly menu and unique adult beverage concoctions , too . This spot can be a little touristy , so if quiet time is a priority for you , just bring something to throw on a grill or makeshift campfire by the beach . There 's plenty of fishing in the area , as well as golf , trails and swimming , and at night you 'll have no problem hearing the occasional call of the loon . Not a bad way to spend a night -- or even two . -- Chris Welch WASHINGTON From : Kingston , Washington To : Rialto Beach , Olympic Peninsula Average price/gallon of regular gas in Seattle : $ 3.83  price a year ago $ 3.00  Miles , round-trip : About 260 Travel time : About three hours each way When summer finally arrives in Seattle there 's not a moment to spare to take full advantage of the long days and spectacular natural beauty . Everyone here knows how quickly the grey and drizzly weather can return . Luckily you can drive in any direction from Seattle and come across amazing scenery . My favorite trip is to head West to the Olympic Peninsula , which lies between Puget Sound and the Pacific Ocean , and is home to towering snow-capped mountains and Olympic National Park . With temperate rainforests , mountains and amazing camping and fishing , there are more activities in the Olympics than one tank of gas can carry you to . I try to branch out when I go , but one spot I always come back to is Rialto Beach near the Peninsula 's westernmost edge . The trip begins with a short car ferry ride across Puget Sound from Edmonds , just north of Seattle . Depending on the size of your gas tank , this trip might be a bit of a stretch on one tank , but it 's worth it . You can fill up in Kingston , Washington , when you get off the ferry . From there it 's about a 130-mile drive to Rialto Beach . Along the way , the town of Sequim offers lots of small-town charm and a few good options for food . I recommend the Alder Wood Bistro , which serves delicious locally caught seafood . If you plan on camping , stop along the way in Port Angeles at the Wilderness Information Center to pick up permits . National Park Service guides are happy to point out camping spots and explain the tide schedule to help with hiking along the beach . I also recommend picking up a bear canister to store your food in away from your tent . As you arrive at Rialto Beach , you 'll forget you 're only hours from a major metropolis . It 's possible to spot bald eagles and the occasional seal along the wild coastline . Thick woods literally come to the ocean 's edge . Rock towers that the wind and tides have carved over the centuries jut from the Pacific . Pitch a tent and make a fire at one of the small camping areas along the water 's edge , and take in a truly beautiful sunset . -- Patrick Oppmann GEORGIA From : Atlanta To : Athens , Georgia Average price/gallon of regular gas in Atlanta : $ 3.49  $ 2.68 a year ago  Miles , round-trip : 144 miles Travel time : An 1 1/2 hours each way  two hours in heavy traffic Athens is one of those must-see college towns . Home to the University of Georgia , Athens has a small-town feel with all the great , quirky college elements : endless live music , boutique shopping , delicious  and cheap  food and a thriving downtown scene . Drive down the cost of your next road trip Athens has three main districts : Downtown , Five Points and Prince Avenue . Each has a unique flavor to its funky shops . Wuxtry Records and Heery 's Clothes Closet are downtown mainstays , while Prince Avenue 's vintage shop Ohh , Boy ! and Five Points ' antique stores also beckon with unique finds . Stroll through the university 's expansive campus to soak up some Athens lore and see Sanford Stadium  home of the Georgia Bulldogs football team  , or enjoy a walk through the nearby State Botanical Gardens . A Classic City tour of downtown reveals Athens ' intriguing history . Forgo seeing a summer blockbuster and take in an independent film at Cin downtown , live entertainment at historic Morton Theatre or an aerial trapeze show at Canopy Studio . A trip to the Classic City is n't complete without catching a concert at clubs like the 40 Watt , Caledonia Lounge or the Rialto Room . Sample some of the local flavor . Cali N ' Tito 's , the Last Resort , La Dolce Vita , Transmetropolitan , the Terrapin brewery and Farm 255 are a nice blend of the unique food culture in Athens . Plan your trip around an event like the Twilight Criterium bike race , a UGA football game or the annual AthFest celebration of local music . -- Ashley Strickland PENNSYLVANIA From : Philadelphia To : Doylestown , Pennsylvania Average price/gallon of regular gas in Philadelphia : $ 3.68  $ 2.78 a year ago  Miles , round-trip : About 50 miles Travel time : Less than an hour each way A short drive from Philadelphia , Doylestown is host to sites tied to two of the area 's most famous native sons : author James Michener and tile maker Henry Chapman Mercer . Michener endowed the James A. Michener Art Museum dedicated to the art and heritage of Pennsylvania 's Bucks County region . The museum opened in 1988 . Currently on view are a Pennsylvania folk arts show and an exhibit dedicated to the museum 's first two decades of collecting . The other notable figure is tile maker Mercer , an archaeologist , artist and writer and a leader in the Arts & Crafts movement . Mercer 's legacy is reflected in three sites : the Moravian Pottery and Tile Works , where the iconic Mercer tiles are made ; his fanciful concrete castle , Fonthill ; and the Mercer Museum , known for its collection of Early American artifacts . For more shopping , especially crafts , and entertainment check outPeddler 's Village , roughly a 10-minute drive from Doylestown . The Colonial-style village features the Giggleberry Fair family entertainment center , charming stores and gardens and an array of restaurants . -- Sarah Hoye FLORIDA From : Orlando To : St. Augustine , Florida Average price/gallon of regular gas in Orlando : $ 3.40  $ 2.63 a year ago  Miles , round-trip : About 200 miles Travel time : A little under two hours each way Need a break from Orlando 's castles and fairy princesses ? Head to the oldest city in the United States . The city of St. Augustine is just a 90-minute drive from central Florida 's amusement park mecca . Founded in 1565 under the orders of King Phillip II of Spain , St. Augustine is the oldest continuously settled city of European origin in the nation . One of Old Town 's main attractions , St. George Street , was a thoroughfare in the old Spanish town and today is accessible only on foot . Shops line the street selling everything from shells , hats , kites and candles to crystals . Stop in at the Old School House near the city gates to see what 's reputed to be the nation 's oldest wooden schoolhouse , built more than 200 years ago . Explore the tight alleyways and stop at Denoel French Pastry Shop for incredible desserts and coffee before heading to the city 's historic fort . Construction of the fort , the Castillo de San Marcos , started in 1672 to protect the Spanish city . Now the Castillo is managed by the National Park Service , which offers ranger talks and maps and brochures for self-guided tours Cross over the ornate Bridge of Lions and head toward the St. Augustine Lighthouse . The eight-story , traditionally black-and-white-striped structure was completed in 1874 . Be ready for the 219 steps that will carry visitors to the top of the structure . Once at the top , walk out for a spectacular view of the beach to the east and the city to the west . To end the day , head back to the old town center where restaurants wait to fill up hungry guests before the drive back to central Florida to see Harry , Mickey and Shamu . -- John Couwels * All fuel prices are AAA average prices on Thursday , June 30 , for a gallon of regular gas .	For a peaceful getaway in Minnesota , rent a cabin in the Brainerd Lakes Area Take a break from Orlando 's theme parks in St. Augustine , the nation 's oldest city Head to Doylestown for Pennsylvania arts , crafts and culture
CNN  -- She 's been called "  the nightmare nanny " for refusing to leave the home of the family that hired -- then fired -- her , but now Diane Stretton is speaking out for the first time . And she says she 's not a con-artist squatter , she 's a victim . "  I did n't get lunch breaks , I did n't get coffee breaks , I did n't get any holidays . Basically , I was working 24/7 , " she told Los Angeles ' KNX 1070 news radio . "  They were the ones that were trying to exploit me , as if I was some poor migrant worker from a foreign country that they could just exploit and work 24/7 . " The saga began back in March when Marcella Bracamonte hired Stretton as a nanny to take care of her three children and to help out with household chores . But the relationship soured after a few months , and what happened next depends on who you ask . Bracamonte says she fired Stretton , but Stretton says she quit . "  I was n't fired , unless you can be fired after you quit , " she said in the radio interview . "  I quit two days before they fired me . And I gave 30 days of notice , which we had agreed to . " CNN reached out to Bracamonte for reaction to Stretton 's radio interview but had not heard back Monday evening . However it went down , a California judge sided with Stretton , ruling that the Bracamontes did not terminate the nanny 's employment in a legal manner . Stretton refused to leave the Bracamonte home in Upland , about 35 miles east of Los Angeles , and police told the family they could n't force her out without an eviction notice . Even the Bracamontes ' attorney says the ruling was correct by law . "  She has absolutely every right to stay in the house at this time , " Marc Cohen told CNN . "  Under the law in California  eviction  can take 30 to 45 days . " The family said Stretton threatened to sue if they tried to force her out . CNN discovered that Stretton is on the California 's Vexatious Litigant List , a list of people who continually bring legal action , regardless of merit , against others with the sole intention of harassment . CNN found dozens of lawsuits filed by Stretton in California over the years . There were signs Monday night that the impasse was nearing an end . Marcella Bracamonte told CNN 's Sara Sidner that Stretton -- who is currently sleeping in her car , while all of her belongings remain inside Bracamontes ' home -- offered to move out over the July Fourth weekend . But Bracamonte said that ca n't happen . "  We 're going to a wedding , it has been planned for a year , " she said . "  My sister is getting married on a cruise ship and we 're going . " CNN 's Sara Sidner , Paul Vercammen and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	Nanny says she was exploited and overworked by the family In radio interview , nanny says she was n't fired , she quit and gave 30 days ' notice A California judge ruled in favor of the nanny as a tenant in the home
CNN  -- The day Harry Potter fans have been waiting for is here . On Friday , Universal Studios is opening its "  Wizarding World of Harry Potter " attraction at Universal 's Islands of Adventure theme park in Orlando , Florida . The park-within-a-park , as it 's being called , recreates various locations , scenes and other elements from the wildly popular book and movie series . Harry Potter has beaten out fellow Brit celluloid character James Bond as the top-grossing film series in history . One of the reasons Harry Potter is so successful is its legions of fans , both young and old . Alex Black is one of them . She and her family made a special trip to Orlando from Georgia to be guests at a "  soft opening " of the park a couple of weeks ago . She was one of the first to catch a glimpse of Hogwarts , the fictional boarding school for young wizards , and to drink some "  butterbeer " at the attraction . According to 16-year-old Alex , "  it 's worth waiting hours in line , it 's worth the money , it 's worth the long drive from Georgia , it 's beyond worth it . " When asked what her favorite part of the park was , she responded , "  Everything was my favorite . " Alex , like millions of other "  muggles " around the world , has been a long-time fan of the boy wizard , Potter , and his best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger , since the first author J.K. Rowling 's seven-book series debuted . "  I 've grown up with Harry Potter . I 've brought all the books they came out , I dressed up for Harry Potter spirit day at my school . And when I 'll be a senior , the last  movie  -- when Harry is like that age , as a senior -- will come out . So , he 's kind of like the family pet in a way , " she said . iReport : Share your photos , reviews of "  Potter " theme park And it 's not just the teenagers who are just wild about Harry . Laura Boyles , a 55-year-old mother and book store employee from Orlando , said , "  I ca n't wait to go to the park -- I 'm so excited for it to open . I love the Harry Potter series . " Alex agrees , "  He 's a generational thing ; we 've grown up with him . My grandpa and my aunt like him too . It 's just something that I 've grown up with . " Alex is happy that the Wizarding World opened when it did . "  When I read the last book it was almost like the end , I still had the movies , but I was afraid it would be over , but the park is a way for it to live on . " Widespread industry speculation has it that Universal shelled out some $ 265 million for this Potter project , although officials are not confirming that number .	Universal 's "  Wizarding World " officially opens Friday Orlando attraction built around Harry Potter books and movies Harry Potter has surpassed James Bond as top-grossing film series in history
CNN  -- Maybe you 've seen the video by now -- the YouTube clip where a man drives through a neighborhood in Arkansas and films a lawn that seems to be burping oil . If not , you should check it out . Beware , though : I 've had a hard time getting the 33-second snippet out of my head . It 's not necessarily the scene , although that 's part of it . For me , it 's the smell . About halfway through the clip the videographer says , "  the smell is unbelievable . " That 's not the liveliest description , to be sure . But those words were all it took to transport me back to a boat on the Gulf of Mexico in 2010 -- bobbing on what seemed to be an endless sea of oil after the BP spill . The air 's acidic tang stuck in my nose and on my tongue . I remember taking a drink of water later that day , firmly back on the shore . It still tasted like gas . The Mayflower , Arkansas , spill is nothing compared to the Gulf disaster , of course . Fourteen ducks , two turtles and one muskrat were oiled as a result of the Friday spill , according to ExxonMobil . Two ducks died . About two-dozen homes were evacuated . The full toll of the Gulf Coast Oil Disaster  the news media started calling it that because "  spill " was n't big enough to be accurate  is still being tabulated , but the numbers are of another magnitude : 210 million gallons of oil , as well as 464 oiled sea turtles and 8,567 affected birds , many of them dead , according to an April 2012 report compiled by two federal agencies and five states . Both incidents , however , are pieces in a bigger puzzle . They highlight , once again , that America is addicted to fossil fuels and needs to invest more seriously and urgently in alternatives like wind , solar and nuclear . These events never seem to really stick in our collective memory . But they should . If they did , they would inform our decision-making . The way things work now , oil spills are seen by some politicians as expected -- as externalities of our condition , like lung cancer to a smoker . U.S. Rep. Tim Griffin , an Arkansas Republican , reportedly told a local radio station on Wednesday that we have oil pipeline accidents "  just like we have car accidents " and that he supports further development of the system that caused the spill in his state . How silly , right ? We should n't expect oil spills to be part of modern reality . There are much better ways forward . Environmental groups are right to use the Arkansas spill as a cautionary tale -- as one of many reasons that the Obama administration should reject a proposed pipeline , called the Keystone XL , which would carry this risky type of crude from Canada to the Gulf Coast of the United States for processing . The connection is n't immediately clear , but the Exxon Pegasus pipeline that leaked in Arkansas was carrying the same type of "  oil sands " crude that the Keystone pipeline would .  Slight detour here , but who in their right mind names a dirty , underground pipeline after Pegasus , the mythical , flying horse ? Hat tip to Salon 's Sally Kohn for noticing that that name is probably the most Orwellian thing you 'll come across all week .  This is oil that 's mined in northern Alberta , Canada , with the help of some of the world 's biggest trucks . The crude is squeezed out of huge chunks of strip-mined dirt , as opposed to drilled from pools of oil underground . The groups contend this thicker "  oil sands " material is more corrosive to pipelines and therefore more dangerous to transport across the United States . The National Resource Defense Council , in a recent blog post , says oil sands crude also is transported at higher temperatures , putting additional stress on pipelines ; and it 's thicker and harder to clean up than conventional crude . Business groups say the material is not more corrosive , citing a report commissioned by the Canadian Energy Pipelines Association . Those debates , however , obscure the more obvious point : We should be turning our attention -- and should have turned it long ago -- away from oil and toward greener options . Regardless of how they are transported , fossil fuels contribute to climate change when they 're burned . And we ca n't afford to keep relying on them so heavily . But there seems to be little change of course under way . We 're using newer , riskier technologies to extract the last of the Earth 's hardest-to-get fossil fuels . That 's true of old pipelines carrying new , more environmentally questionable types of crude from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast . It 's true of natural gas "  fracking , " where liquid is injected into the ground to dislodge gas from cracks in the rock . The practice has raised concerns about possible links to earthquakes and potential groundwater contamination . And it 's true of drilling in the deep ocean , which , as the 2010 disaster in the Gulf of Mexico showed , we obviously have n't figured out quite yet . To create an era of sustainable , clean energy , we need to pay more attention to spills like the one in Arkansas and the one in the Gulf . These events should stick in our noses and on our tongues . It took a YouTube video to remind me of that . I hope it grabs your attention , too . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	An Arkansas oil pipeline on Friday spewed crude into a neighborhood John Sutter : Spills like this should cause us to take stock of energy policy He says we are too quick to forget incidents like this and the BP disaster Sutter : It 's time to accelerate our move to alternative sources of energy
CNN  -- National Hockey League veteran Rick Rypien was found dead at his rural Alberta home Monday . "  We are deeply saddened to confirm Rick 's passing , " said a statement released by the Winnipeg Jets Hockey Club . "  His hunger for the game made him a valued team member both on and off the ice . This loss has impacted us as more than just a hockey team . " The 27-year-old forward was found dead at his Crowsnest Pass home , Royal Canadian Mounted Police officials told the Toronto Globe and Mail . His cause of death did not appear to be suspicious . Rypien , who had spent his entire six-season NHL career with the Vancouver Canucks , signed a one-year contract with the Jets last month , the team said . "  Rick has been a beloved member of the Canucks family for the past six years , " Vancouver said in a statement . "  Rick was a great teammate and friend to our players , coaches and staff . " Rypien also played for the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League and the the Western Hockey League 's Regina Pats during his professional career . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	The 27-year-old forward was found dead at his Crowsnest Pass , Alberta , home Rypien played his entire career at Vancouver before signing with Winnipeg In minor league hockey , he played for Manitoba and Regina
CNN  -- Pay-as-you-go products may be synonymous with mobile phones but a solar energy service in Africa is harnessing the popular business model to bring affordable electricity to the continent 's remotest communities . IndiGo solar enables rural households far removed from their country 's electrical grid to generate their own power via a photovoltaic panel and battery pack . Users then have the option of purchasing the energy the device produces for as little as $ 1 a week . The technology aims to replace environmentally harmful lighting practices such as burning kerosene oil , which contributes 190 million tons of annual CO2 emissions according to studies conducted by the Berkley Laboratory at the University of California and can cost users up to 10 times as much . "  Pay-as-you-go solar is a good system as we now have light inside , " says Nyungura James Ode , a farmer from Mantarra Village in South Sudan and one of the first to sign up to the project . "  We  can do more work at home and be more productive farming . Light is better  and  mothers can tend to baby at night more easily , give medicine , change clothes and diaper , " he adds . See also : Solar lamps replacing kerosene The system -- which can light two small rooms for seven hours at a time and charge small portable devices such as mobile phones -- has been designed and manufactured by British based solar technology company , Eight19 . It works in a similar fashion to mobile phone top-up cards . When users want to purchase electricity produced by their solar pack they buy a scratch card from a local vendor . The card costs roughly $ 1 and reveals a code that grants access to the electricity for a week when dialed into the battery . This allows users to keep a close eye on the amount they spend and consume . "  We do n't have to spend more money , " says Ode . " -LSB- I am -RSB- saving three to five South Sudanese Pounds a week , " -- between $ 1.20 and $ 1.80 . So far , remote towns in Kenya , Malawi , South Sudan and Zambia have adopted the IndiGo electrification scheme . Yet while the practical gains for villagers used to living without electricity are obvious , the environmental benefits have thus far been harder to gauge . The first solar packs were only introduced in September 2010 , making verifying claims as to their long term green credentials difficult . See also : Amazing solar powered gadgets But according to Steve Andrews , CEO of UK based charity , SolarAid , pay-as-you-go solar could revolutionize rural African development . "  This  approach has the potential to bring electricity supply to these people without a traditional grid ; just as mobile phones have brought telephony to those people without a need for a telephone landline system , " says Andrews . "  Indigo is a potential game changer in bringing clean , safe lighting and electricity to the world 's poorest people , " he adds . Such enthusiastic proclamations as to the technology 's environmental potential are echoed by Dr Simon Bransfield-Garth , CEO of Eight19 . He says that his company hopes to make a considerable dent on global carbon emissions through IndiGo . "  We  Eight19  aim to eliminate the use of kerosene for lighting in Africa by the end of the decade , " he explains . But in order to meet such ambitious targets , Bransfield-Garth is quick to cite the need to keep improving and developing the IndiGo product . "  At the moment we 've focused on the entry product as we want to get scale but as time progresses we want to encourage people to install larger solar systems with greater capabilities , " he says . "  So , in the future , if you pay a little extra you will be able to generate enough electricity to power items such as televisions , radios and fridges . This could mean providing access to similar levels of electricity that you get in most big cities , " he adds .	Pay-as-you-go solar aims to bring affordable electricity to rural Africa Technology aims to replace harmful environmental products such as kerosene lamps Service allows users to light their homes for as little as $ 1 a week
CNN  -- A large group of Baltimore corrections officers and members of a notorious prison gang have been working together to peddle drugs , phones and sex inside the city 's jail , prosecutors say . But an indictment released this week is another shot , prosecutors say , at putting an end to it . The indictment , announcing charges on 14 more Baltimore corrections officers , reads like a script from the now defunct HBO crime drama "  The Wire . " But the U.S. Attorney 's Office for Maryland says this drama involving a prison gang , the Black Guerrilla Family , and a growing number of Baltimore jail guards has gone on for too long . "  Correctional officers were in bed with BGF inmates , " said U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein . Rosenstein seemed to mean that both literally and figuratively , court documents show . According to one indictment , alleged gang member Tavon White had a sexual relationship with four jail guards while he was incarcerated . Former guards accused of smuggling cell phones into Texas prison He impregnated all four of them and they all helped him smuggle items into prison , according to the indictment . One of the guards had "  Tavon " tattooed on her wrist , the indictment said . In January , White summed up his standing in the prison while talking on a cell phone that had been smuggled in , the indictment says "  This is my jail . You understand that ? I 'm dead serious . ... I make every final call in this jail ... and nothing go past me . ... Any of my brothers that deal with anybody , it 's gon na come to me . Before  somebody  stab somebody , they got ta run it through me , " White said . according to the indictment . Correctional officers were allegedly bribed to smuggle in drugs , cell phones and other prohibited objects , which they hid underneath their clothes , "  inside body cavities , " even in sandwiches , the indictment said . New Orleans jail video shows drugs , guns , filth Some inmates who were n't part of the gang had to pay protection money -- or more accurately , their relatives on the outside did -- authorities claim . "  Court documents allege the BGF members recruited correctional officers through personal and often sexual relationships , as well as bribes , and that some officers traded sex for money , " the U.S. Attorney 's Office said in its news release . The end result was what Rosenstein 's office called a "  criminal organization " operating inside jails "  enabling  participants  to make large amounts of money through drug trafficking , robbery , assault , extortion , bribery , witness retaliation , money laundering and obstruction of justice . " The investigation first came to light in April with the announcement of the first round of arrests . In all , 44 people have been indicted on federal charges . Twenty seven of them are Baltimore correctional officers , CNN affiliate WJZ reported . Is in-jail night club inmate 's latest perk ? CNN 's Dave Stewart contributed to this report .	In all , 27 Baltimore correctional officers have been charged in the scheme They face drug possession and distribution charges In once case , a guard had a prisoner 's name tattooed on her wrist , indictment says Some correctional officers allegedly traded sex for money
CNN  -- In honor of the one-year anniversary of her groundbreaking self-titled work , Beyonce has taken us by surprise yet again . The superstar singer gets personal in a nearly 12-minute short film titled "  Yours and Mine , " which was released Friday without warning , much in the same way she unleashed her album "  Beyonce " in December 2013 . The result is a visually arresting piece that also includes nuggets of insight from Bey , who speaks on a range of topics from feminism to fame to marriage . Here 's what we learned : ` Humanist ' rather than ` feminist ' One of the biggest hits from "  Beyonce " is the track " *** Flawless , " which uses a snippet from a 2013 TEDx talk given by writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie called "  We Should All Be Feminists . " Though Beyonce 's always been a proponent of female empowerment , even going back to her Destiny 's Child days , she admits in her short film that she was initially skittish around the word "  feminist . " "  I 've always considered myself a feminist , although I was always afraid of that word because people put so much on it , " Beyonce says . "  When honestly , it 's very simple . It 's just a person that believes in equality for men and women . Men and women balance each other out , and we have to get to a point where we are comfortable with appreciating each other . " When it comes to men and the cultural pressures they face , "  I have a lot of empathy , " Beyonce continues . "  I have the same empathy for women and the pressures we go through . ... I consider myself a humanist . " ` The property of the public ' No one is immune to the price of fame , and that includes Beyonce . With global stardom , "  you become the property of the public , " she laments . "  There 's nothing real about it . " To be honest , "  I sometimes wish that I could just be anonymous and walk down a street like everyone else , " she adds . "  Before I was famous , I was the girl on the hill with the guitar . I was the girl that just wanted a beautiful view of the beach . And now that I 'm famous , it 's really , really difficult to do very simple things . I think it 's the hardest thing to give up . " CNN 10 : Beyonce and more of 2014 's most influential entertainers ` Never make excuses ' That said , Beyonce is never one to play the victim . "  My mother always taught me to be strong , " she says . "  Never make excuses ; never expect anyone else to provide for me things that I know I can provide for myself . I have dreams , and I feel like I have a power to actually make those dreams become a reality . " ` We 're supposed to depend on each other ' There are those who think they 'll "  lose something when they get married , but it does n't have to be that way , " Beyonce , who 's been married to Jay Z for six years , reflects . "  There 's nothing more exciting about having a witness to your life . " And beyond that , she sees something powerful in partnership . "  You know , everybody 's not good at everything . It 's OK to depend on someone ; it 's actually what we 're supposed to do , " she says . "  We 're supposed to depend on each other , and when you find the person that you trust and you love and that you feel that is going to respect you and take all of the s *** that you have and turn it around and bring out the best in you , it feeds you . It is the most powerful thing you can ever feel in your life . ... One thing that 's for sure : The love that I have for music , for my husband , for my child , is something that will last far beyond my life . "	Beyonce released a short film Friday She reflected on a number of topics , from feminism to fame She also talked about marriage
CNN  -- Two giant pandas arrived in Taiwan Tuesday after leaving China 's Sichuan province for their new home , in a sign of improving ties between the cross-strait neighbors . Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan rest at a giant panda research center in Sichuan province on Monday . Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan , both four years old , had been living in Ya'an since the May 12 earthquake that damaged their former home in Wolong in Sichuan , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . The pandas ate a meal of steamed corn buns and carrots before they were placed in a truck and taken to the Sichuan capital of Chengdu . From there , they were flown to Taiwan . "  They had a good breakfast to sustain them on the long journey , " said a Taiwan keeper traveling with the animals to the island , according to Xinhua . The panda goodwill was the latest sign of warming relations between Beijing and Taipei . Watch more about the pandas " Regularly scheduled commercial flights , shipping and mail between Taiwan and China resumed last week for the first time since the 1949 revolution that brought the Communist Party to power on the Chinese mainland . On Monday , the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council said China would provide 130 billion yuan  $ 19 billion  in financing over the next two to three years to Taiwan-based companies doing business in the mainland . Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou has been cultivating ties with Beijing since winning office in March . Ma , a Nationalist , opposes reunification with China but ran on a platform touting the economic benefits of better relations with the mainland . In June -- in the first formal talks between the two sides in almost a decade -- Chinese and Taiwanese officials agreed to set up permanent offices in each other 's territories . Taiwan separated from China after the communists ' victory in the Chinese civil war in 1949 . About 2 million Chinese Nationalists fled to Taiwan and set up a government there . Beijing has always considered the island a part of China and has threatened to go to war should Taiwan declare formal independence . China said in May 2005 it would give the island two giant pandas , but their departure was delayed for more than three years . Improved ties between the two sides made the delivery of the pandas possible , Xinhua reported . The pair , whose names Tuan and Yuan together mean "  reunion , " will live in a four-story building at the Taipei city zoo , and their lodgings will include an outdoor playground , the agency said . After a one-month quarantine , the pandas are expected to make their debut in Taiwan during the Chinese lunar new year . There are about 1,590 pandas living in China 's wild , mostly in Sichuan and the northwestern provinces of Shaanxi and Gansu . There were 239 captive-bred giant pandas in China in 2007 , Xinhua reported . One panda died in the May quake , while another is still missing , according to an official at the China Panda Protection Studies Center in Wolong .	Pandas will live at Taipei zoo , expected to debut during the Chinese lunar new year Panda goodwill the latest sign of warming relations between Beijing and Taipei Regular flights began between the two sides for the first time since 1949 About 1,590 pandas live in China 's wild , and there were 239 captive bred in 2007
CNN  -- Six members of mine-removal team were killed and three others were abducted following an ambush by gunmen in western Afghanistan on Thursday , a police official said . The attack took place as the team was traveling to work in the Kohsan district of Herat province . All of them worked for the HALO Trust , a UK-based mine clearance agency , according to Abdul Rauf Ahmadi , a spokesman for Herat 's police chief . The organization has 150 mine defusing teams and employs more than 3,000 Afghans , it says on its website . It also destroys other munitions . Since the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979 , multiple warring parties have laid landmines , bringing the total number of mines to as many as 640,000 , Halo Trust reports . Afghanistan is one of the most-mined countries in the world , according to HALO . In January , armed men abducted 68 members of another landmine-removal team . 4 service members among 16 killed in eastern Afghanistan attack	The landmine crew was on its way to clear areas of Herat province Afghanistan is one of the most-mined countries in the world
CNN  -- With no way to counter toxic jellyfish that brought intense pain and partial paralysis during an attempted 103-mile ocean crossing from Cuba to Florida , endurance swimmer Diana Nyad said Monday that she will not make another attempt at the feat . "  I ca n't beat those guys . They 're too much for me , " Nyad said . Nyad , 62 , swam 82 nautical miles of the 103-mile crossing before two stings from what her team identified as potentially lethal box jellyfish forced her out of the water Sunday morning . In a frequently emotional news conference in which she removed her shirt to reveal sting marks , Nyad said she initially planned to muscle through the intense pain . But she said she eventually had to give up as the toxins began to cause partial paralysis and made it increasingly difficult for her to breathe . What 's a Portuguese man-of-war ? Nyad still had a wheeze Monday , said one of her doctors , Clifton Page of the University of Miami . Toxins from the stings also affected members of her crew trying to help her . "  This was a life-threatening situation we were in , " Page said . Nyad stopped the swim Sunday morning after 40 hours in the water . "  It 's not easy for me to let go of this dream , and I 'm in distress about it , " she said . She said it was "  naive " of her not to anticipate problems from the jellyfish , which she said are proliferating throughout the world 's oceans because of climate change . Unlike sharks , which her team countered with divers and electronic devices , no good tools exist to fend off jellyfish , Nyad said . She said she knows she could complete the crossing were it not for the creatures . She said the last two years of training were not wasted . "  It 's been a grand , elevating , life-confirming experience these last two years , " she said . Nyad began her attempt Friday evening from Havana 's Hemingway Marina , expecting to spend about 60 hours in the water . It was her third attempt to complete the swim . Her first , in 1978 , was brought to an end by strong currents and bad weather after almost 42 hours in the water . She made a second try in August , but she was pulled from the water after 60 miles and almost 29 hours of swimming . She blamed a shoulder injury she suffered early in the journey and an 11-hour-long asthma attack . She said people inspired by her efforts should continue to train their bodies , test their wills and dream big . And , said said , not being able finish the crossing against such odds was no sign of failure , for her or her team . "  There 's so much boldness in living life this way , and we did it all , and no one can take it away from us , " she said .	Swimmer Diana Nyad says she will not attempt Cuba-to-Florida crossing again Nyad says toxic jellyfish are too much to overcome "  It 's not easy for me to let go of this dream , " she said
CNN  -- FACETIME : MUSTAFA ABDEL-WADOOD , ABRAAJ CAPITAL Abraaj Capital is a leading private equity firm based in Dubai with long term investments in the region . The company manages 7.5 billion USD of assets worldwide but its roots are in the Middle East . Mustafa Abdel-Wadood , Chairman of the Executive Committee , talks to John Defterios about how to make the right moves in a crisis . IN FOCUS : BILLION DOLLAR TILES Jomana Karadsheh takes a look inside the world 's largest ceramics factory , in the little known emirate to the north of Dubai , Ras Al Khaimah . ` RAK Ceramics ' make tiles , plates and bathrooms and has a global reach of 160 countries . The company 's annual sales turnover is in excess of 1 billion dollars . SHOWTIMES Marketplace Middle East will air at the following times  all GMT  : Thursday September 5 : 1645 , Friday September 6 : 0945 , Saturday September 7 : 0715 , Sunday September 8 : 0615 , 1645	This week , the CEO of a leading equity firm talks about investing during a crisis MME also looks at the world 's largest ceramics factory in an emirate north of Dubai RAK Ceramics has an annual turnover of over  # 1bn dollars
CNN  -- Bowe Bergdahl wanted a life of adventure . People attend a vigil for Bergdahl in Hailey , Idaho , on Wednesday . He was a seeker , a hard worker , a man raised in a small town , an avid outdoorsman who took ballet lessons . By the age of 23 , he had learned to navigate the high seas on an expedition that took him from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean . He did n't care for cars , choosing to bike to and from odd jobs he worked to pay for his travels , friends say . "  He 's a good kid , " said his hometown buddy Dylan Fulmer . "  Strong as an ox . " While working on a commercial fishing vessel in Alaska , Bergdahl told Fulmer he was dreaming of riding his motorcycle around the world . "  This kid is crazy , " laughed Fulmer , recalling his reaction to his friend 's ambitions . "  There 's no land all the way around the world . Then he explained the whole boat process . Biking around the world , that 's one heckuva feat right there . " Watch how friends recall adventurous Bergdahl " Enlisting in the U.S. Army was another way for him to understand the world , but has become a horrific encounter with the darker side . Pvt. Bowe Bergdahl was captured three weeks ago in the Paktika province in southeastern Afghanistan , according to the Department of Defense . The Taliban is holding him , threatening to kill him if foreign troops continue search operations in Ghazni and Paktika provinces , which they claim target civilians , according to Taliban commander Mulvi Sangeen contacted by telephone by CNN Friday at an undisclosed location . On Sunday , a video was released of Bergdahl dressed in loose fitting blue clothes and sitting on the floor in a location that American officials are not pinpointing publicly . The soldier seems to get choked up when he speaks of his family -- his parents , siblings , nieces and nephew -- and the girlfriend he hopes to marry . "  I have a very , very good family that I love back home in America , and I miss them every day that I 'm gone , " he says . "  I miss them , and I 'm afraid I might never see them again and that I 'll never be able to tell them I love them again . I 'll never be able to hug them . I 'm scared I wo n't be able to go home . It is very unnerving to be a prisoner , " he says . He adds that he 's being treated like "  a guest . " It 's unclear if he is speaking from a script his captors are ordering him to follow . Bergdahl 's family members , who live in a small rustic home tucked in the woods outside Ketchum , Idaho , have chosen not to speak to reporters . The Bergdahls released a statement earlier this week : "  We appreciate and take comfort in all the kind words and support we 've heard . " "  We 'd like to ask that your concern for our son Bowe also be shared with all of our American service members in harm 's way around the world . We are very grateful to all of them . " Bowe Bergdahl was home schooled and taught chivalry at a young age , friends and neighbors of his family say . He is able to have a conversation with anyone , and has a natural curiosity . "  Bowe is not somebody in the corner , " said Sue Martin , the owner of Zaney 's Coffee Shop in nearby Hailey , Idaho , where Bergdahl once worked as a barista . "  You engage and he engages very well . " "  He captures you , " Martin said . She recalled going to her car after a snowstorm and seeing that the snow had been scrapped off . "  Bowe would have been out there ... He would never say anything , " Martin said . Her shop has become the epicenter of hometown support , with people leaving notes to him . "  Always a knight searching for what is good and right and true in the world , " one of them read . One rainy evening , Blaine Country Sheriff Walt Femling spotted Bergdahl walking his bike on the side of the road , completely drenched . "  I stopped to give him a ride and he turned it down because he did n't want to get my car wet and he continued to walk in the rain . Kind of tells you a little bit about the person , " recalled Femling , who know Bergdahl through renting him an apartment the sheriff owned . "  I do n't usually rent to 20-year-olds , " Femling said , but he trusted Bergdahl . "  There 's not many young people who have the kind manners he has , " said neighbor Minna Casser . "  He 's a gentleman and a sportsman . He did some yard work for us . And he did n't just do the job , he went above and beyond what was expected . " And for all the complimentary things people in Blaine County , Idaho , are saying at Bowe Bergdahl , they all make sure at least one thing is understood . This is not a young man who backs down . Dan Collins is a fishing boat captain who hired Bergdahl for 10 weeks two summers ago , pulling for sockeye salmon in Bristol Bay , Alaska , up for 18 to 20 hours a day . "  It 's just hard , grueling work , hours per day . But he was up to it , " said Collins . "  I am at times not the easiest guy to get along with , being a fishing boat 's captain . But I imagine I am easy compared to what he is dealing with everyday now . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Paul Vercammen , Ashley Fantz and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Bowe Bergdahl tough under adverse circumstances , friends say He took ballet lessons , never owned a car , loved travel and adventure He was captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan on June 30 , U.S. officials say
Ottawa , Canada  CNN  -- The name ` Storm ' may be gender-neutral , but it is also listed as a synonym for controversy . And at just 4 months old , blond-haired , blue-eyed Storm and his Canadian family have stirred a parenting debate still brewing across continents . Kathy Witterick , 38 , and David Stocker , 39 are parents raising three children in Toronto . They feel children are pressured at far too tender an age by strict social norms of gender . And so , as a remedy , they felt it was better to keep the youngest child 's gender a secret -- even from the grandparents . According to a front-page article in the Toronto Star last week , the only ones who know the baby 's gender are the couple 's sons -- Jazz , 5 , and Kio , 2 -- a close family friend and two midwives present at delivery . Instead of the usual birth announcement of ` It 's a Boy ! ' or ` It 's a Girl ! ' , Stocker and Witterick sent out an e-mail announcement that said , "  We 've decided not to share Storm 's sex for now -- a tribute to freedom and choice in place of limitation , a stand up to what the world could become in Storm 's lifetime  a more progressive place ? ...  . " Not yet , apparently . Comments about the article were so sharp and so divided that for now , the family has decided to decline any further media interviews . Calls to their home by CNN were not returned . A message on the family voicemail says , "  Thanks for your interest in this important discussion , but at the moment , we 're really swamped and our first priority is the needs of our family and especially our kids . So , leave a message if you 'd like and we 'll respond to it whenever we 're able . " Witterick and Stocker may not be talking , but it seems everybody else is . From radio call-in shows all over the continent , to a "  hot topic " discussion on ABC 's "  The View , " few lacked an opinion . Most said they were either appalled by the couple or applauded them for their courage . "  They are shell-shocked by the reaction of people that have been quite vehement . They did n't really understand what would happen , " said Joe Hall , managing editor of the Toronto Star . Hall said it was obvious from the very beginning -- even during meetings with his editorial staff -- that people could not help but express very divided opinions about the choice these parents are making . The article has become the newspaper 's most popular online story ever . One reader wrote : "  Wow , a good way to ruin your kid 's life . Gender has nothing to do with sexuality . I think the parents are going to the extreme here . And what did someone do ? Call all media and say , ` Hey all , these people are keeping their poor child 's gender a secret ' ?? What 's the hidden agenda here ? A reality show ? A book ? Movie ? " But others countered that the couple 's decision was inspiring . "  Bravo to these parents for bravely taking on the gender-biased world that labels children with stereotypes and gendered assumptions before they are even born ! " one post read . "  All parenting is an experiment -- but most people are happy to let Disney or Mattel run the lab . I hope your beautiful little family will stay strong against the conservative attack . " In a follow-up article written by the Toronto Star 's Jayme Poisson -- the only journalist so far to visit with the family -- the couple expressed dismay with all the reaction but says it is hopeful the debate can still be constructive . In the Toronto Star article , Witterick writes that , "  Is n't defensiveness sometimes a first sign of learning or changing behaviour , so even the ` rabid ' responses may have a place in making the world a more thoughtful place . "	Couple decides to hide baby 's gender from the world It says it is "  a tribute to freedom and choice in place of limitation " The Toronto Star article on the couple 's decision has become its most popular online story ever The couple has decided not to grant any more media interviews
CNN  -- Chelsea became the first defending champion to crash out at the Group Stage of the Champions League -- despite thrashing Danish side Nordsjaelland 6-1 at Stamford Bridge . The win was Chelsea 's largest in the competition , but it still was n't enough to prevent them slipping into the Europa League . Rafa Benitez 's side needed Shakhtar Donetsk to do them a favor and defeat Juventus , but the Italian team triumphed 1-0 in Ukraine . That meant that Chelsea 's victory was meaningless , despite the margin of victory . It looked as if the Blues would endure a difficult evening when Nordsjaelland was awarded a penalty on 32 minutes . But Chelsea keeper Petr Cech saved well from Nicolai Stokholm to keep the game goalless . Just minutes later , it was Chelsea 's turn to miss from the spot when Eden Hazard 's effort was saved . Chelsea collapse heaps pressure on Benitez Any frustration around Stamford Bridge was finally extinguished when the home side was awarded another penalty following a handball and David Luiz swept home . Fernando Torres netted a second on the stroke of halftime before Nordsjaelland halved the deficit through Joshua John . But the Blues steamrolled the Danes in the second period with Torres grabbing his second , before Hazard , Juan Mata and Oscar completed the rout . In the end , it was Olexander Kucher 's 56th minute own goal in Ukraine which sealed Chelsea 's demise and Juventus ' place in the knockout phase . Both Shakhtar and Juve only needed a draw to progress with the Ukrainian side already guaranteed of a place in the last-16 . But the Italians secured victory and top spot with a hard-fought win . Barca 's unbeaten run ended by Celtic In Glasgow , Celtic secured a dramatic 2-1 win over Spartak Moscow to secure second place in Group G. Kris Commons netted an 81st minute penalty to seal the three points and ensure the Scottish champion leapfrogged Benfica . Gary Hooper 's strike had given Celtic the lead before Spartak struck back through Ari six minutes before the break . But when Marek Such was adjuged to have brought down Giorgos Samaras , Commons blasted the ball home from 12-yards to spark wild celebrations . Spartak 's misery was compounded when Kim Kallstrom was sent off for a wild tackle on Commons . Benfica and ` the curse of Bela Guttmann ' Meanwhile , Benfica was left to think of what might have been after finishing goalless at Barcelona . The Catalan side left out a whole host of star names including Xavi and Andres Iniesta , while Leo Messi started on the bench . Messi map : How Argentine maestro conquered the world Messi , who still needs two goals to beat Gerd Muller 's record of 85 goals in a calendar year , did come onto the field after 58 minutes , but was forced off on a stretcher after suffering an injury late on . But despite Barca fielding a relatively inexperienced side , Benfica was unable to find a way through and must now settle for the Europa League . Bayern Munich share points with Dortmund In Group F , Bayern Munich secured top spot with a comfortable 4-1 win over 10-man BATE Borisov . Mario Gomez gave last season 's finalist a 22nd minute lead with Thomas Muller adding a second . Xherdan Shaqiri grabbed Bayern 's third before BATE was reduced to 10-men when Denis Polyakov was shown a second yellow card . David Alaba hammered home a fourth with seven minutes remaining , before Yegor Filipenko hit an 89th minute consolation . Valencia was forced to settle for second place following its 1-0 win at Lille courtesy of Jonas ' 36th minute penalty . In Group H , Galatasaray pulled off a crucial 2-1 win at Braga to book its place in the next round . Mossor had given the Portuguese side a 32nd minute lead as Galatasaray 's hope began to fade . But top scorer Burak Ylmaz equalized with his sixth goal of the competition , before substitute Aydn Ylmaz hit the winner . It was hard to swallow for Romanian side Cluj , which recorded one of the most famous results in its history to win 1-0 at Manchester United . Luis Alberto 's stunning strike ensured Cluj became the first Romanian team to triumph at Old Trafford . But with Galatasaray also winning , Cluj will now have to fight it out in Europa League .	Chelsea becomes first defending champion to exit competition at the Group Stage Juventus secured a 1-0 at Shakhtar Donetsk to secure its place in next round Celtic defeats Spartak Moscow 2-1 to claim second spot in Group G Lionel Messi fails to score and leaves field with injury during Barcelona 's draw with Benfica
CNN  -- Heavy fighting between Islamist militants and government forces in Somalia 's capital has left 18 people dead and dozens wounded , medical officials said Sunday . "  The fighting is huge and is marked by heavy exchange of artillery , " said Ali Musa , a head of a Mogadishu ambulance service . Of the 36 reported wounded , 11 were hurt when an artillery shell hit their bus near Mogadishu 's Bakara Market . The African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia said the fighting centered around attempts to destroy a network of tunnels and trenches that the jihadist movement Al-Shabaab used to move weapons and fighters around the capital . The dead included two peacekeepers and six rebel leaders that the Ugandan-led mission said were linked to al Qaeda . "  The discovery and closure of this tunnel is a major step forward in the stabilization effort in the city , " the Ugandan-led AMISOM mission said in a statement issued Sunday . AMISOM said the fighting erupted Saturday as Al-Shabaab tried to retake the tunnel network . Somalia 's state-run radio network said 28 rebels were killed in Saturday 's clashes . AMISOM 's communique said foreign fighters have effectively taken over Al-Shabaab . It said five of the six rebel leaders killed in the recent fighting came from countries beyond Somalia -- Yemen , Pakistan , India , Kenya and Syria -- while the nationality of the sixth was unknown . AMISOM , which supports Somalia 's transitional government , said the combined forces now control about 60 percent of the city . But the government has little influence beyond Mogadishu , and Al-Shabaab controls much of southern Somalia . The horn of Africa nation has not had an effective government since Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown two decades ago . Journalist Mohammed Amiin Adow contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : AMISOM says 5 of 6 slain rebels were non-Somalis Ambulance crews report "  huge " battles in Mogadishu Peacekeepers claim success in battling Islamist militants
CNN  -- Actress Katherine Heigl wants a drugstore chain to pay her $ 6 million because it tweeted a photo of her shopping there . Heigl filed a federal lawsuit Wednesday accusing Duane Reade of misappropriating her image , published on a celebrity news website to promote its stores . If she wins , the judgment proceeds would go to a charity Heigl created in the memory of her brother who died in a car crash as a teen , the lawsuit said . The legal controversy started when the Duane Reade Twitter account posted a link to a JustJared.com story about Heigl signing with a new management agency on March 18 . The story featured a photo showing Heigl , who starred on "  Grey 's Anatomy , " carrying two plastic Duane Reade bags as she appeared to be leaving one of its stores . The tweet read , "  Love a quick #DuaneReade run ? Even @KatieHeigl ca n't resist shopping #NYC 's favorite drugstore " Duane Reade 's Facebook page also carried the photo with the caption , "  Do n't you just love a quick #DuaneReade run ? Even Katherine Heigl ca n't resist shopping at #NYC 's most convenient drugstore ! " "  Use of Plaintiffs image under these circumstances improperly exploited Plaintiffs name and likeness , as a celebrity , for Defendant 's commercial advertising and purposes of trade , without authorization , " the suit contends . "  Such use was done knowingly and willfully , as evidenced by Defendant 's manipulation of and changes to the Duane Reade advertising messages in the captions , after Defendant had intentionally stripped out all evidence of the original news context to the Heigl Photograph . " A spokesman for Duane Reade said the company has a policy of not commenting on pending litigation . Its lawyers have not filed a response in court . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	Actress accuses Duane Reade of misappropriating her image Money she receives would go to a charity created in the memory of Heigl 's brother The photo showed Heigl apparently leaving a Duane Reade The drugstore chain declined to comment on the lawsuit
Washington  CNN  -- Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and former President Ronald Reagan were , in the words of one close aide , "  political soulmates . " Reagan , who was elected a year after Thatcher assumed office in 1979 , found in her a fresh , conservative voice who he could align with on many international issues . And in nearly a decade of working together , she found in him a personal friend and an equal on the global stage . He offered her stronger support than any previous American president in dealing with terrorism in Northern Ireland , said biographer Geoffrey Smith , author of "  Reagan and Thatcher . " She was also one of the first leaders who spotted the potential for a new kind of leader in Mikhail Gorbachev and convinced Reagan that he could be trusted . "  I like Mr. Gorbachev . We can do business together , " she said in December 1984 , three months before he was chosen to lead the Soviet Union . "  Thatcher was a politician who had a strong voice , " Gorbachev said in a statement that noted their relationship evolved gradually . "  At the end , we were able to reach an understanding , and it was a contribution to the change in atmosphere between our country and the West and to the end of the Cold War . " Reagan left a similar impression on Thatcher . U.S. political figures react to Lady Thatcher 's death "  She certainly liked Reagan a lot from the moment he won office and he felt the same , " said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . "  They had a deep respect , admiration and a friendship . " Thatcher said at his 2004 funeral that "  we have lost a great president , a great American and a great man . And I have lost a dear friend . " Thatcher , called the "  Iron Lady " for her personal and political toughness and the only woman to become British prime minister , died Monday at 87 . "  It was closer ideologically and warmer personally than any relationship between any other British prime minister and any other American president , " Smith said of Reagan and Thatcher 's friendship . Together , they came to epitomize what has been called the golden age of conservatism  $ " an age where their policies changed the world map . "  They both thought that they were leading political revolutions at the same time in countries that were fundamentally liberal , " Zelizer said . Each believed in the strength of free markets , disdained communism and saw themselves and their countries as part of a transatlantic alliance , Zelizer said . During her time at the helm of the British government , she emphasized moral absolutism , nationalism , and the rights of the individual versus those of the state $ " famously saying in 1987 : "  There is no such thing as society . " Fast facts on the Iron Lady "  Both took strong attacks against different types of regulations , " Zelizer said . "  Reagan worked on telecommunications , the environment and business . Thatcher took stands with health care . Both were tough with unions and believed unions posed a danger to people . " Thatcher and Reagan met years before either came to power , Smith said . They spent hours discussing their shared vision . Eventually , their relationship evolved to the point where they felt comfortable speaking for the other . "  Thatcher would say , speaking for both of them , ` Ron and I think , ' " Smith said . Reagan initially urged British restraint in the days leading up to 1982 Falklands War with Argentina . "  The best chance for peace was before complete Argentine humiliation , " Reagan said in a memo released 30 years later . Thatcher was reportedly relieved when Reagan ultimately backed her . The British victory in the Falklands became a mainstay of her legacy . Thatcher 's most memorable quotes The two had other differences , however . Thatcher was troubled over the soaring U.S. budget deficit , but was unable to get Reagan to share her concerns , said former Thatcher press secretary , Martin Ingham . "  It went against her grain that such a huge debt was being piled up , " he said . Reagan struggled to convince Thatcher to agree to allow the 1986 U.S. raid on Libya to be launched from British bases . She was similarly troubled by the 1983 American invasion of Grenada . "  Mrs. Thatcher was heard to expostulate , not once , but many times ` How could  Reagan  do it without telling the Queen , i.e. without telling me so that I could inform the head of the commonwealth , ' " Ingham said . She gave the president a friendly "  ear-bashing " over that and his attempt to make a nuclear disarmament deal with Gorbachev at Rejkyavik , Iceland , in 1986 . On the day of Reagan 's funeral , Thatcher sat behind the former president 's son , Ronald Prescott Reagan , looking sadly on as he comforted his mother , Nancy . "  Ronnie and I knew her as a dear and trusted friend , " Mrs. Reagan said on Monday in a statement . "  I will miss her . " Thatcher : Hero or villain ? CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Nic Robertson and Bill Schneider contributed to this report .	Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan were friends for decades They agreed on many issues , saw each other as "  soulmates " in the conservative world Reagan initially disagreed with her on how she wanted to handle the Falklands War in 1982
CNN  -- Mark Cavendish capped a superb week for Britain at the world cycling championships by winning the men 's road race title Sunday with a trademark sprint finish . Cavendish , the pre-race favorite on a course well-suited to his talents , timed his burst to perfection to take gold from Australia 's Matthew Goss with Andre Greipel of Germany taking the bronze medal . It was Britain 's first men 's road race title since the legendary Tom Simpson won in 1965 and took them to the top of the medals table at the championships in Copenhagen . They claimed two gold , two silvers and two bronze medals as their dominance in track cycling extended to the various road disciplines . Cavendish paid tribute to his teammates after they had paced him through the majority of the 260km race over 17 laps but with a tough uphill finish . "  There could n't be any other result after the way the guys rode today , " Cavendish told Eurosport . "  I 'm so proud . " An early breakaway gained nearly 10 minutes , but with Britain forcing the pace at the front , it was pulled back and the decisive action took place on the last lap . Tour de France hero Thomas Voeckler made a typical charge , but with time trial silver medalist Bradley Wiggins and the experienced David Millar to the fore , Britain were able to nullify his attempt . In the uphill finish , it was the Australians who moved to the front , but Cavendish came through fast near the barriers and once he hit the front there was only one winner . Milan-San Remo winner Goss closed on the line while Greipel edged out Switzerland 's Fabian Cancellara for the final podium spot .	Britain 's Mark Cavendish wins world road race title in Copenhagen Cavendish sprints to victory ahead of Australia 's Matthew Goss Cavendish first Briton to win prestigioius race since Tom Simpson in 1965 Britain top the medals table in Denmark with two golds , two silvers and two bronzes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- From land , water and air , tens of thousands of police officers , federal agents and National Guardsmen are being deployed in an unprecedented effort to make sure the inauguration of President-elect Barack Obama is safe . A law enforcement agent looks toward Capitol Hill ahead of the inauguration on Tuesday . "  Right now , we have no credible threat that there is any direction of interest on the inauguration , " Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan told CNN . FBI agents and intelligence officials have been checking with sources around the United States and the world to make sure no leads are overlooked , and Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said intelligence will be scrubbed and rescrubbed right through the inauguration . "  We are literally going to be watching this every minute between now and the conclusion of events on the 20th , " Chertoff said . Federal officials acknowledge the inauguration of the first African-American U.S. president could be an attractive target . Since Obama 's election , the number of threats against him has increased , according to a recent federal intelligence assessment . FBI officials say the number of tips coming in has increased , as is common before an inauguration . Investigations , however , have not uncovered a real threat . The FBI has been especially aggressive in examining white supremacy groups , which have ramped up their anti-Obama comments . "  We have not seen any activity by the groups , " said FBI Assistant Director Joseph Persichini . "  We have seen a lot of chatter , we have seen a lot of discussions , we have seen some information via the Internet . Again , but those are discussions . We look at the vulnerabilities and whether or not the groups are capable of taking on action . " Persichini said he believes the bureau has "  a good operational plan " for dealing with the groups , but says that right now , there is no evidence they are trying to launch anything . Watch more on inauguration security " The Secret Service is coordinating security for the inauguration , which will involve 58 federal , state and local agencies . All of them are represented at the Secret Service command center , where they can communicate and work together to respond to any report of a possible problem . Airspace restrictions around the Capitol are being tightened . The U.S. Coast Guard is closing portions of the Potomac River . Miles of roads will be closed , along with most of the bridges into the District of Columbia . Checkpoints are going up , and undercover teams are being deployed to look for suspicious people or vehicles . Explosives-sniffing dogs will be on hand to nose out bombs , and horses trained in crowd control are on duty . Thousands of security cameras are being used to monitor activities , sharpshooters are being stationed , and sensors will be used to detect chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear threats . In addition to Secret Service agents , the security effort will involve 8,000 police officers from the District of Columbia and other jurisdictions , 10,000 National Guardsmen , about 1,000 FBI personnel , and hundreds of others from the Department of Homeland Security , the National Park Service and U.S. Capitol Police . Another 20,000 members of the National Guard are ready to respond if there is an emergency , according to Chertoff . Security planners have drawn up procedures to deal with improvised explosive devices , suicide bombers and the use of a weapon of mass destruction . A recent intelligence assessment , however , said a lone wolf would pose the greatest potential threat . Chertoff said an individual or small group planning to do harm is difficult to detect . "  Whether the motivation is racism or some psychological disorder ... in an open society , it is impossible to keep a single individual from doing some damage , " he said . A major unknown is how large the crowd will be for Tuesday 's activities . Estimates have ranged from 1 million to 2 million . The FBI 's Persichini said only that "  we know it is going to draw a lot of people here to the nation 's capital . " Those attending the swearing-in ceremony or entering the parade route will undergo tight screening , including passing through magnetometers . Spectators who are unable to get into those events will be routed to the National Mall , which , for the first time , will be open from end to end for an inauguration . Security there will be less stringent . There has been extensive planning to ensure the crowds can be moved in an orderly and safe way , and to prevent a stampede if there is any kind of security incident . Local and federal agencies have even consulted with a crowd expert . Authorities say the massive security operation is not intended to deter people from coming to Washington . "  Our efforts are to make sure people are safe , " Secret Service spokesman Malcolm Wiley said . "  We 'd like for as many people to come as want to come . And again , during our planning , we have made sure we could accommodate however many people decide to come . " That inaugural events are spread over a four-day period has made security even more challenging . Organizers say they started their security planning the day after the last inauguration and ramped up their efforts in July . Officials involved say this is the biggest event they have been involved in , but believe they are prepared . "  There are a lot of things we all think about , and I 'll admit that at 3 in the morning , I might wake up thinking about something , but I have to tell you , I am so confident in this plan , " the Secret Service 's Sullivan said . "  I just do n't see any benefit to worry , and I think we just have to go along the way we 're going right now and do everything that we can do to make sure that this event is going to be a safe event , that this historical event will be an enjoyable event for everybody and that , quite frankly , that the day is n't about security , but the day is about our president and the day is about our country . "	Officials say Obama 's historic inauguration poses high security risk FBI has been especially aggressive in examining white supremacy groups A major unknown is how large the crowd will be for Tuesday 's activities Security planners have drawn up procedures to deal with bombs , weapons
SHANGHAI , China  CNN  -- Natalie Williams , a 21-year-old Special Olympics basketball player from Kentucky , says she 's never really been treated like a true athletic star . But that was before she came to the Games in China , which has undergone a major change in its treatment of the mentally disabled . Hong Kong 's Special Olympics team marches into the stadium during last week 's opening ceremony . "  They are able to accept special needs people in a way that maybe some other countries do not , " Williams says . Last week , organizers rolled out the red carpet for athletes arriving at the Special Olympics in Shanghai , China . Never before in the 39-year history of the Special Olympics has there been such an extravagant , star-studded opening ceremony . And everywhere in this city , there are billboards with the smiling faces of the mentally disabled promoting the Games . China spent millions ensuring the 7,500 competitors are cared for -- and more importantly accepted . Watch ` This is a highlight to their lives ' " That 's quite a turnaround for a country whose leadership , less than 20 years ago , refused to even acknowledge any of their citizens were intellectually disabled . At the time , former Prime Minister Li Peng was quoted as saying , "  Mentally retarded people give birth to idiots . " "  There 's a long way to go -- there 's a long way . But the good news is we 're moving , " says Tim Shriver , chairman of the Special Olympics . China 's transformation is so far mostly from the top down , beginning with no less than President Hu Jintao whose presence at the Opening Ceremony was particularly notable . See photos of the opening ceremony " Also notable was the president 's visit to one of Shanghai 's "  Sunshine Homes " this month . The shelters are a direct result of this city winning the rights five years ago to host the Special Olympics . Back then , officials quickly realized their treatment of the city 's 70,000 mentally disabled was woefully inadequate . Now there are 240 Sunshine Homes spread across this sprawling city , caring for about 15,000 of those most in need , like 25-year-old Chen Xiaohan . She still struggles to speak with strangers , but her parents boast of her many achievements since enrolling a year ago . Xiaohan can make her own bed , walk to school and is learning piano . But more notable , says her father , Chen Zhixiang , is the change in recent years in the way his daughter is treated by neighbors . "  If in the past you looked down on them and now you still look down , it only proves your thinking is bad . Now when our neighbors see her , they 're very nice . They ask , ` Chen Xiaohan , how are you today ? ' There is n't any more discrimination . " The Special Olympics may have been a watershed moment for China 's mentally disabled , but perhaps a breakthrough came a few years earlier , when Special Olympian Judy Yang appeared in a splashy spread on the front cover of a mainstream teen-age magazine . Photogenic and well-spoken , Yang has been an unofficial ambassador of sorts and , after her magazine debut , she noticed a real shift in how the Chinese related to the disabled . "  A lot of people are accepting now . They 're willing to be friends , to let their children play with one another , and they can learn from each other as well . " That may be true in China 's biggest , richest and most Western city , Shanghai , but in the countryside not much appears to have changed . Intellectually disabled children that are hard to manage are often locked in caged rooms . Humanitarian officials say stories of doctors recommending disabled children be killed at birth are common . In addition , programs like Sunshine Homes are almost unheard of outside of Shanghai and caring for the almost 13 million intellectually disabled in China remains a major challenge . Earlier this year , authorities exposed a human trafficking ring selling young men , many of them intellectually disabled , to work in brick kilns . "  Neglect and discrimination is still quite prevalent . People tend to be ashamed of children with disabilities . They tend to hide them away . They tend not to let them have access to schooling or education , " says Yin Yin Nwe , the head of UNICEF in China . But Nwe is optimistic . As China 's economy grows , she said she thinks the government will continue to devote more resources to the country 's weakest and most vulnerable . E-mail to a friend	China has undergone major change in attitude toward intellectually disabled Shanghai is hosting the Special Olympics to great fanfare City has opened special homes to help care for some of city 's mentally disabled Helping China 's remaining 13 million intellectually disabled remains challenge
CNN  -- A San Francisco Giants fan who threw a banana that landed near Baltimore Orioles centerfielder Adam Jones during a weekend game said the incident was not racially motivated , but an act of frustration at his team 's poor performance . Alexander Poulides told the San Jose Mercury News that he 's embarrassed and shocked , but most of all apologetic for his "  indiscretion . " Poulides said he was unaware of the uproar until Monday morning when he turned on the news . His heart sank when heard the outcry over an unidentified Giants fan who threw a banana at Jones , who is African-American . "  Oh , my God , " Poulides said . "  I threw a banana on my way out . " That 's when he contacted the newspaper to claim responsibility . "  I 'm embarrassed and shocked by the outcome , " he said . "  In hindsight , I wish I did n't do it and I apologize . I 'm very sorry . " Poulides grabbed the banana from a catering cart , tossing it on the field , he said . The fruit became a projectile of disgust during the ninth inning of a blowout loss on Sunday to the Orioles at AT&T Park . The team 's front office said it 's continuing to investigate . "  The Giants have a zero tolerance policy against this type of behavior , which results in immediate ejection from the ballpark , " a statement from the team said . "  While we have been investigating the matter since we learned of the situation , unfortunately we have been unable to identify the person responsible . "  We would like to extend our sincerest apologies to Adam and the entire Orioles organization for this unfortunate incident . "  The inappropriate actions of this individual in no way reflect the values of our organization and our fans . " Jones took to his official Twitter account to express his displeasure . "  I want to thank whatever  expletive  threw that banana towards my direction in CF in the last inning , " he posted . "  Way to show ur class u jackass . " MLB senior vice president of public relations Patrick Courtney told CNN Sports on Monday : "  We are looking into this situation . " The Orioles overcame a two-run deficit to score 10 unanswered runs in the 10-2 victory over last season 's World Series champs . Jones hit a three-run homer at the top of the ninth inning to help clinch the victory . Man charged in banana throwing incident at NHL game CNN Sports contributed to this report	MLB to investigate incident at Orioles-Giants game Sunday Orioles centerfield Adam Jones angry after claiming a fan threw a banana at him Jones took to Twitter to voice his displeasure The Giants apologize for the incident
CLAXTON , Georgia  CNN  -- Chrysler LLC 's decision last week to close nearly 800 dealerships may just be business , but for the people who work and trade in those showrooms and service bays , it 's personal . Claxton Chrysler Dodge Jeep is at the literal and figurative heart of Claxton , Georgia . "  They 're not terminating a building or a franchise , they 're terminating people that need jobs . And it 's not right . It 's just not right , " said Daniel Womack , owner of Claxton Chrysler Dodge Jeep in tiny Claxton , Georgia . Womack received a hand-delivered letter from Chrysler on Thursday . "  When I got to ` We regret ... ' I stopped , " Womack said . The bankrupt automaker was terminating its agreement with Claxton , the only Chrysler dealer within 25 miles , and a profitable one at that . "  It was like standing out in the road and having a bus run over the top of us , " he said . The agreement ends June 9 , but the effect is already being felt . All of the dealer 's major lending banks called and said they would no longer work with Claxton , general manager Doug Shontz said . Watch the owner 's heart break for his employees " "  Since the thing happened , we have n't had a soul in here for service , " he said . "  We have n't turned one wrench . We have nothing for next week . When they brought that list out , that was the kiss of death . " The dealership , its employees and their customers are intertwined like dashboard wires . "  There 's only 11 of us here , but we 're family , " said Shontz , who just started there in December . "  We all know each other , we see each other every day . I spend more time with this group here than I do with my own family . " Townsfolk tend to wander in off the street , just to shoot the breeze over a cup of coffee . Take Gary Sapp , for example . The military veteran , wounded in Vietnam , stopped in Saturday , as he does just about every day , to say hello and maybe talk about cars a little bit . He said he might come back Monday and make a deal , just as he 's done there three times in the past 10 years . But it 's not really about the cars and pickup trucks . "  These are good folks here , " Sapp said . Claxton , a town of about 2,300 hard by the Canoochee River about 50 miles west of Savannah in southern Georgia , is famous for its namesake fruitcakes , which are sold with pride at Mrs. Rogers ' Restaurant and seemingly half the other businesses in town . On East Main Street , a whitewashed brick building still bears an S&H Green Stamps sign and Stella 's Phase III serves up $ 6.95 mountains of soul food , which you can top off with a slice of fluffy sweet potato pie for $ 1.25 . A couple of blocks away , across from the Krispy Chic , a jolly white-haired man sells baseball-sized tomatoes and boiled peanuts out of the back of a pickup under a rainbow-colored umbrella . At opposite ends of Duval Street are a prison surrounded by high fences topped with coils of razor wire and the new elementary school with its gleaming blue metal roof . At the center of it all , literally and figuratively , is Claxton Chrysler Dodge , sporting colorful helium-filled balloons and blue paint bleached pale by the scorching Southern sun . "  We 've been on this corner for 40 years , " Shontz said inside his small office , looking out toward Duval Street . "  We could stand out there and have 50 or 60 people wave at us before the day is out that know us -- ` Hey man ! How y' all doin ' ? Hang in there ! ' " In a small town , everybody knows you and knows what you 're up to , Shontz said . "  Everybody goes by here . I do n't care who you are , everybody goes by here at least once a day , " he said . And people in Claxton know whom they can count on for help with their causes and events and fundraisers . Over the years , Claxton Chrysler has sponsored Little League baseball and Pee Wee football , supported beauty pageants and donated to local charities , Shontz said . "  We 've bought more chicken dinners , and junk , and stuff ... rodeos ... parades ... there 's always something , " Womack said with a chuckle . "  Everything 's a big deal here . " "  I 've never seen so many ` Misses , ' " Shontz added as they both laughed the kind of laugh you hear toward the end of the third day at the funeral home . Chrysler LLC does n't understand its market , said loyal customer Jerry Akins , 64 , who has bought three vehicles from Claxton Chrysler . "  How the hell they gon ' sell to those people in small towns ? " he said . "  They 're a different breed . They 're not gon na go no damn hundred miles to buy a car . " Akins ' loyalty extends to his sons , both of whom have bought cars from Claxton Chrysler . But that 's not unusual around here . Salesman Paul Michel said he 's sold 11 vehicles to one family since December 2005 . "  That 's that generational thing I was talking about , " Shontz said . Watch what happened to Michigan 's oldest Dodge dealer " Womack intends to stay in business as a used car dealer after the agreement with Chrysler ends June 9 , but it will be a very different operation . With no warranty work , the service and parts departments will be closed , Shontz said . "  I just hired a new parts guy three weeks ago , " he said . "  He left a great job to come here . And now I told him I 'm probably going to have to let him go . Great guy , real smart , knows Chrysler like the back of his hand . And I feel bad that I 've put him in that kind of predicament . " Almost as an afterthought , Shontz mentioned that he 'll probably lose his own job , as will 800 of his counterparts across the corporation . "  There 's going to be a lot of me 's out there looking for work . General managers will be a dime a dozen . " The change will have a ripple effect on other businesses , Shontz said . The dealer 's subcontractors who handle body work , upholstery , dings , glass , used tires , scrap metal and signs all are losing a significant customer , he said . "  It 's just a cryin ' damn shame , is what it is , " he said .	Axed Chrysler dealership holds central place in tiny Georgia crossroads Generations of families have purchased vehicles from Claxton Chrysler Dodge Folks walk in off the street just to shoot the breeze over a cup of coffee Dealer has supported youth sports , festivals , parades , charities , other businesses
Pahoa , Hawaii  CNN  -- The lava flow has slowed , if not stalled altogether . Still , authorities warned Thursday that the threat to eastern Hawaii residents -- much like the oozing , simmering , destructive lava itself -- has n't gone away . Darryl Oliveira , the director of the Hawaii County Civil Defense , told reporters that "  there 's been no movement forward " at the front of the destructive lava stream between Wednesday and Thursday . "  But there 's lots of activity behind it , " Oliveira said . " ... There are breakouts along the margins that we 'll have to watch and be wary of . " The lava began moving toward the area of Pahoa , on Hawaii 's Big Island , in June , when a volcanic crater vented and released the river of liquid rock . It 's been creeping along ever since , with authorities warning at one point the main road in Pahoa could be overcome by Friday morning . The lack of recent movement changes that equation , though the main flow -- which is about 20 yards wide at its tip , expanding to 100 yards farther back -- is still within about 480 feet of that street . There 's no guarantee of what happens next , including whether the stream resumes its forward movement or whether any of its offshoots encroach on people or properties . A USGS geologist has said the lava flow could continue for 30 years . As Matthew Patrick , a geologist with the Hawaii Volcano Observatory , explained Thursday : "  The flow is still active , and there is still scattered activity in the flow . "  So it 's just a matter of where that activity is at any given moment . " On Wednesday , Oliveria said about 20 families in the path of the lava have been told to evacuate . Many others have packed up , "  prepared to move at a moment 's notice " should they , too , get the order . "  You can see some of them walking around ; they are still very upset , distraught , frustrated -- the full range of emotions as they 're dealing with this crisis , " the civil defense director said Thursday . So far , thankfully , no homes have been buried . Nor have any vehicles . Instead , it 's mostly grass and vegetation that have been immersed and scorched . This is n't a lazy river , after all . It 's a 2,000-degree river of molten rock , the kind that a firefighter ca n't use a hose to stop . "  As it moves across soil , you can hear and smell the fire , " said Troy Scott of the Hawaii County Civil Defense Agency . "  It is incredibly hot ... the heat is very strong . " That 's why there are ongoing efforts to make sure people and property are protected , as well as to clear out any hazardous materials , such as those at a one-time gas station , in the lava 's potential path . Local civil defense officials got some help Thursday , in the form of 80 Hawaii National Guard members . Oliveria explained that these guardsmen will drive around on patrols as an extra set of eyes . He said , "  As long as we need them , they 'll be here . " What to know about volcanoes CNN 's Martin Savidge reported from Pahoa ; Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Front of lava flow does n't budge , "  but there 's lots of activity behind it , " official says NEW : He says residents ready to evacuate are "  very upset , distraught , frustrated " NEW : A geologist says "  the flow is still active ; " things could change at any moment The lava flow on Hawaii 's Big Island began in June ; houses and roads are threatened
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Former rebels attacked the office of Libya 's interim prime minister in central Tripoli on Tuesday in an apparent protest over outstanding payments promised by the government to ex-fighters , witnesses said . The rebels circled the building in heavily armed pickup trucks , carrying weapons including anti-aircraft guns , and opened fire in the air and at the building , an official at the prime minister 's office said . The attackers , some dressed in army fatigues and others in civilian clothing , were from two towns in Libya 's Western Mountains , said eyewitnesses and a member of the Tripoli Revolutionary Brigade , another group of former fighters . Clashes ensued with guards from the prime minister 's office , and fighters from the Tripoli Revolutionary Brigade were called in as reinforcements to protect the building , they said . A member of the Tripoli Revolutionary Brigade told CNN that a fellow brigade member was killed in the clashes . Roads were sealed off in the area while the situation was brought under control . The fighters had converged on the building with a number of demands , including the payments promised by the government to former fighters , the official in the prime minister 's office and a member of the brigade said . There have been delays in these payments and similar protests have taken place , including one last month when former rebels opened fire inside the prime minister 's building . While life is slowly returning to normal in the Libyan capital , armed clashes happen occasionally , underscoring one of the main problems facing post-revolution Libya . Thousands of former rebels are still heavily armed , and the government has not yet been able to disarm them or integrate them into the security forces . Building a strong army and police force has been one of the priorities highlighted by Libyan officials , but the process has been slow . This has prompted criticism from many Libyans , who accuse the government and the National Transitional Council of failing to address this issue . Libya is scheduled to hold elections next month , the first since the fall of Moammar Gadhafi 's regime last summer . Registration of candidates and voters began May 1 , ahead of the June 19 vote .	Former rebels with heavily armed pickup trucks surround interim prime minister 's office They want payments promised by Libya 's transitional government to ex-fighters Libya is preparing for elections scheduled to take place next month Authorities face the challenge of integrating former militia groups into society
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Andy Lipkis was 15 years old on the first Earth Day in 1970 -- the year he says he realized what his calling in life would be . A file photo of the rainwater cistern while it was being constructed at TreePeople 's headquarters . Three years later , Lipkis and his teenage friends would found the non-profit , community-based organization known as TreePeople . Based in Los Angeles , California , the environmental organization 's primary purpose has been to educate communities on the planting and care of trees and to work with government agencies on issue No. 1 in the West : water . Exploding populations from Phoenix , Arizona , and Las Vegas , Nevada , to suburban Los Angeles have turned the issue of water supply from problem to crisis . "  The way we use water is so wasteful and so inappropriate today , according to the California Water Plan , there is already so much demand for water , it already exceeds supply , " says Lipkis . And human consumption is n't the only problem , because as cities grow , so does the amount of pavement and concrete that seals the natural watersheds . That in turn prevents rainwater from refreshing underground aquifers , nature 's water tanks . And rainwater is exactly what Lipkis is hoping people will start to think about . Right now , building codes in Los Angeles County , as in most parts of the country , require rainwater to be moved from rooftops to the street . As a result , even in mostly sunny southern California , a massive amount of water gets flushed into storm drains every year . "  When it rains an inch , " Lipkis says , "  Los Angeles hemorrhages 7.6 billion gallons of water . " Part of the solution to the water crisis , he says , is collecting as much rainwater as possible because "  it represents half or more of all the water we need in this big city . " Lipkis and the TreePeople imagine a time when as many as a million homes and businesses have rainwater cisterns all electronically networked and ready to provide treated drinking water to the public . Lipkis points out that cisterns are not a new idea . If fact , civilizations throughout history have used cisterns to collect rainwater . Cisterns exist now as part of building codes in places like Bermuda , which lack fresh water resources such as lakes or rivers . Lipkis believes it 's an idea whose time has come here in the deserts of the West . Watch how rainwater cisterns work " TreePeople , in collaboration with the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power , has built five demonstration sites in Los Angeles , which include a large hilltop cistern at the organization 's Coldwater Canyon Park headquarters . "  When it rains an inch , " Lipkis said , "  those five little projects capture 1.25 million gallons . " And it is all that free water that has government agencies thinking about rain . In Los Angeles , storm runoff presents many problems . When it rains heavily the water goes from the streets into the canals of the Los Angeles River and straight into the ocean . With that runoff is all the garbage and toxic pollutants picked up along the way . Another problem , Lipkis argues , is the heavy reliance on the almost 100-year-old California Aqueduct , which routes water from the Eastern Sierras . His main concern is the incredible amount of energy that is spent moving water . "  We 're bringing water in from hundreds of miles away . Moving water and using water , " he says , "  consumes , overall , 19 percent of all the electricity in the state and one-third of the natural gas . " That is the single largest use of electricity in the state , which happens to be the most populous in the country and which , were it an independent nation , would be the eighth-largest economy in the world . That 's quite a carbon footprint . Lipkis believes a hybrid water management system is the best solution , one that would include cisterns , natural watershed management and existing water infrastructure , including a less power hungry aqueduct . And perhaps most importantly , it would include the cooperation of water supply agencies , flood control agencies and sanitation agencies , which he believes have done too much conflicting , single-purpose cost-benefit analyses in the past . Lipkis sees only an upside to a large-scale cistern and rainwater infiltration project , and not only because of the environmental benefits . A study in the late 1990s conducted by TreePeople estimated up to 50,000 new jobs that would be created by a sustainable infrastructure system . "  Why would we invest billions of dollars on old infrastructure we know does n't work anymore ? " he asks . "  It 's very important to start putting this new alternative on the table . "	Water supply problem in the West has turned into a crisis Rainwater represents half of all the water that Los Angeles needs California Aqueduct is almost a century old and wastes enormous amount of energy
CNN  -- There is "  no credible evidence " to support a claim that the British military was involved in the deaths of Princess Diana , her boyfriend and their driver , according to London 's Metropolitan Police . The allegation first surfaced in August , roughly 16 years after the woman who would now be a royal grandmother died in a Paris car crash . Officers were tasked with looking into whether there was any truth to it . "  Every reasonable line of enquiry was objectively pursued in order to fully evaluate any potential evidence , " police said in a statement released overnight Monday . "  The final conclusion is that whilst there is a possibility the alleged comments in relation to the SAS 's involvement in the deaths may have been made , there is no credible evidence to support a theory that such claims had any basis in fact . " SAS is short for Britain 's elite Special Air Service . Wildly popular in life and death , Diana died on August 31 , 1997 , after the car she was riding in slammed into a pillar in a Paris overpass . Her boyfriend , Dodi Fayed , and their driver , Henri Paul , also died . Investigators concluded that Paul was drunk and speeding when the accident occurred , and despite at least three inquiries -- including a lengthy London police inquiry that poured cold water on all forms of conspiracy theories in Diana 's death -- whispers of collusion and cover-up have persisted . Rare photo of teenage Diana sold The latest claim , published by Press Association , the Sunday People newspaper and other British media outlets , alleged that members of Britain 's elite SAS commando unit were involved in assassinating Diana . The claim appears to have been sent first to military authorities and then to London police by the parents-in-law of a British special forces sniper after his marriage had fallen apart , according to an article on the website of the Sunday People newspaper . It did not offer a source for its reporting , but the paper indicated that the parents were questioning the integrity of the soldier , who had testified in another soldier 's court-martial . Sunday People said it had seen a seven-page handwritten letter by the in-laws alleging that the soldier , whom the newspaper did not name , had boasted to his wife that the commando unit was behind the deaths . Neither the Sunday People piece nor an earlier version carried by Press Association offered details of the claimed involvement by soldiers in the deaths . The princess left behind her two children , Prince William , whose wife recently gave birth to Diana 's first grandchild , and Prince Harry . Some 2.5 billion people around the world watched Diana 's funeral . Princess Diana 's favorite fairytale dress could be yours CNN 's Michael Pearson , Atika Shubert and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Claim alleges British military was involved in Princess Diana 's death There is "  no credible evidence " to support such an allegation , say police Diana died alongside her boyfriend and their driver in a Paris car crash
London , England  CNN  -- Whether in the form of personal history or political biography , Jung Chang has spent her writerly life telling the story of China 's tumultuous recent past . The best-selling author of "  Wild Swans , " an account of three generations of women in her family , Chang gained a following for her frank portrait of life in China in the 20th century . More recently , she 's made waves with "  Mao : The Unknown Story " -- the scathing , 800-plus page biography of the Chinese leader that she wrote with her husband , historian Jon Halliday . Born in 1952 in Sichuan , a province in China 's southwest , Chang came of age during the height of the Cultural Revolution . She served briefly as a Red Guard and worked a variety of odd jobs in the countryside before turning to studying English . She left China for Britain in 1978 to further her studies and earned a doctorate in linguistics . She rose to literary fame after "  Wild Swans " was published in 1991 . "  Mao : The Unknown Story , " which took a decade to research , was released in 2005 . CNN caught up with Chang , who currently lives in London , and asked her about China and why it 's so important to remember the past . CNN : Your memoir and biography of Mao use different means to tell a story about China 's recent history . Why is it so important to tell this story ? Jung Chang : Well , it 's very important to me . "  Wild Swans " is the story of my family -- my grandmother , my mother and myself . I started writing the book after my mother told me the stories of her life and my grandmother 's life . So those things are written primarily for myself . And then with Mao , there is still a lot of myth about him perpetuated in China today . I feel the Chinese do n't know about the real man and the world still knows relatively little about him . I , myself , when I started writing the book in the early 1990s felt I did n't know all that much . I wanted to find out more , then tell the story to the world . CNN : Your books are banned in China . How does that make you feel ? JC : I feel frustrated and very unhappy of course . The Chinese should be allowed to remember . What happened under Mao affected so many people 's lives , and that sort of agony and that terrifying past has not been properly processed in people 's memories . I think that 's not healthy . But my books are published in Hong Kong . Hong Kong is still largely separate from mainland China , which is wonderful from my point of view as a writer . It means many copies have gone into mainland China from Hong Kong . CNN : China is such a rapidly changing country . What changes stand out most to you ? JC : I think particularly in the initial years what stuck me most was the dramatic diminishment of fear . When I was growing up , we lived in fear all the time . People are n't living like that any longer . People are under the impression that China is what it is today because Mao had laid the foundation . Far from it . Mao held the country back . The dramatic change that happened after Mao died was because he had died . The force and the terror that held the Chinese back , was suddenly removed . Of course now there is a dramatic improvement in people 's lives , in all aspects , not only material but in terms of personal freedom , the freedom of travel and lots of other personal freedoms . Of course , having said all that , there are still many things that frustrate me . There is still no freedom of expression in the public arena . Books are banned , including my books , which is intensely frustrating . CNN : What future do you see for the country and what do you hope for ? JC : If there is n't anything dramatic happening , I think the country will probably go on as it is for a very long time . People 's lives will probably continue to improve slowly but there will still be repression in many ways . I hope , of course , for the obvious and the best -- I want people to enjoy the kind of freedom they do in Britain for example . From my point of view as a writer , I hope the country will find a way to talk about the past in an honest way -- to debate about the past without inhibition . CNN : What do you miss most about China ? JC : I sometimes ask myself this question , but I realize I do n't miss any particular thing . What I miss is something intangible . China -- as a culture , as a people -- is something that I care about . It is under my skin . But exactly what it is that makes me feel restless , I 'm not sure . I guess I miss the whole place , the people who have been through so much and the country , which is so old and yet so young and energetic . It has experienced so much tragedy and yet remains so optimistic and upbeat . All these things make tears come to my eyes .	Jung Chang came to fame in 1991 for her account of life in Communist China Her books "  Wild Swans " and "  Mao : The Unknown Story " are banned in mainland China She says she feels frustrated by China 's repression of expression She hopes the country will find a way to debate the past without inhibition
CNN  -- Testing on blood found in the home of a missing Maine toddler has determined that some of it belonged to the girl , police said Sunday . "  The state crime lab confirms some of the blood samples are Ayla 's , " said Stephen McCausland , a spokesman for the Maine Department of Public Safety , referring to young Ayla Reynolds . The girl 's mother , Trista Reynolds , learned of the news Saturday , McCausland said . A website created by Ayla 's family disclosed the police findings in a posting Sunday , saying investigators told them the blood found was "  more ... than a small cut would produce . " Police declined to comment on the website posting beyond confirming that testing revealed some of the blood was Ayla 's . Earlier Sunday , McCausland said that while some of the blood found in the home 's basement "  was visible to the naked eye , some was n't . " The blood was discovered in the Waterville , Maine , home soon after Ayla was reported missing December 17 . Crime scene investigators used a chemical called Luminol to detect blood that ca n't otherwise be seen , according to McCausland . Investigators , who disclosed the existence of the blood Saturday , wo n't say how much of it was found in the residence , or exactly where . At the same time , police are now publicly casting doubt on the accounts of the three adults -- the toddler 's father , her aunt and the father 's girlfriend -- who were in the home when the then-20-month old child was last seen -- saying they do n't "  pass the ` straight-face ' test in Maine . " "  We feel they know more than they 're telling us , " McCausland said Saturday . "  We do n't think we got the full story . " Justin DiPietro , Ayla 's father , did not respond to calls from CNN this weekend requesting comment on the latest developments . McCausland said Sunday that Ayla 's father "  is still talking to us when we ask him to . " "  We 've been trying to be diplomatic about his participation , and he talks with us when we ask him questions , " the spokesman added . Justin DiPietro sleeps in the basement of the home , which is owned by his mother , Phoebe DiPietro . He told police that at 8 p.m. on December 16 , he put his daughter to bed in her first-floor bedroom . He called police the next morning just before 9 a.m. to report her missing . On Sunday , police outlined where everyone was sleeping that night inside the small , one-story home . Ayla 's aunt -- who also lives in the house -- slept with her own daughter in another first-floor bedroom , police said . That bedroom is across the hall from Ayla 's room . Phoebe DiPietro also has a bedroom directly across the hallway from Ayla , but police say she was not home that night . Justin DiPietro slept in a basement room with his girlfriend and her son , according to McCausland . Police said the adults told them "  someone snuck into the house , went into the bedroom where Ayla was sleeping , and no one heard or saw anything . " Yet "  there is no evidence that we have found that would point to an abduction , " said the state spokesman . "  We do n't know what happened other than we know Ayla did n't walk out on her own , and we have grave doubts she was abducted because there were three adults in the home that night  and  it 's a very small house , " McCausland said . On Saturday , Ayla 's parents appeared together publicly for the first time since their daughter 's disappearance to thank those who have tried to help locate Ayla , CNN affiliate WCSH reported . Ayla 's parents were asked about the discovery of blood in the basement . Justin DiPietro declined to answer , saying he only wanted to thank the public for their kindness , the television station reported . Trista Reynolds reacted emotionally . "  I 'm ready to go knocking at people 's door myself because I want to know what happened to my daughter , and I want to know where she is and who took her or just whatever , like everybody else does , " she said . Reynolds told HLN 's Nancy Grace last month that she raised Ayla for 18 months , and that DiPietro had become involved after she "  needed to go and get a little bit of help for myself . " She told HLN she entered rehab . Justin DiPietro had sole custody of Ayla when she disappeared . DiPietro has said he would never do anything to harm his daughter . "  I have to believe that Ayla is with somebody , and I just want that person to find the courage to do the right thing and find a way to return her safely , " he said in a statement last month . No one has been arrested in the case , and police have not identified anyone else as a suspect . "  We 're not ruling anyone in or anyone out , " McCausland said . McCausland said Saturday that authorities revealed the blood 's discovery six weeks into the case because "  we need information from the public , and we think this might help . "	Testing confirms some of the blood belongs to missing Ayla Reynolds Police say some of that blood "  was visible to the naked eye , some was n't " Three adults were in Ayla 's home the night before she was reported missing Their accounts do n't "  pass the ` straight-face ' test , " a Maine state spokesman says
CNN  -- A magnitude-7 .1 earthquake struck the central Philippines on Tuesday , leaving at least 99 people dead and 276 more injured , and rattling many who were celebrating a religious holiday . The quake , which struck early in the morning , crumbled a number of buildings and sent panicked people streaming into the streets , witnesses said . The bulk of the casualties -- 90 deaths and 166 injuries -- came in Bohol province . At least nine were killed in Cebu province and one died in the province of Siquijor , the Philippines News Agency reported , citing the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . Most of those killed were hit by falling rubble , the agency reported . So far , nearly 2.9 million people from 560,000 families have been affected . Dozens of people were missing , and authorities were checking into reports of people trapped in collapsed buildings in Cebu and Bohol , the agency reported . Landslides were reported in Cebu , according to the disaster council , which also reported stampedes at two venues in that province , as well as damage to a port terminal , an airport tower , a fish port , a public market , schools , churches , hospitals , bridges , roads , government buildings and residences across Bohol , Cebu and outlying areas . Power was restored to most affected areas , except Bohol province , the city of Cadiz and part of the city of Iloilo . The quake was centered about 620 kilometers  385 miles  south-southeast of Manila , near Catigbian , and its depth was 20 kilometers  12 miles  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The Philippines disaster council gave the temblor a slightly higher rating , 7.2 magnitude , than the USGS . Maryann Zamora , a communications specialist with the charity World Vision , reported seeing glass and concrete in the streets of the city of Cebu , about 60 kilometers north of the epicenter . "  Right now we are in the streets because it is unsafe to be inside , " she said by phone , her voice shaking as one of more than 10 aftershocks hit . "  Tell everyone to pray for us . " iReport : ` Our building is not safe ' Tuesday was a national holiday , the beginning of the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha . There was no widespread threat of a tsunami , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said , but it warned that earthquakes this large can sometimes cause tsunamis within 100 kilometers of the epicenter . Catigbian , which has a population of 23,000 , is in the province of Bohol . Tourist Robert Michael Poole said he was riding a bike in Bohol when the earthquake struck and cracked the road in front of him . "  It was very strong , " Poole said . "  I live in Tokyo . I am used to earthquakes . But this one was very strong . It shocked a lot of people here . " Poole said he was able to move around and document some of the destruction , including a giant church that was decimated . "  Lucky thing is that it is a holiday here today and it happened at a time when nobody was in the church , " Poole said . New earthquake strikes hard-hit Pakistan Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes CNN 's Joseph Netto and Tim Schwarz contributed to this story .	Deaths are reported in several areas Earthquake strikes on a national holiday in the Philippines It was centered near a town in Bohol province There was damage in the city of Cebu , a witness tells CNN
Bloomington , Indiana  CNN  -- As Zoroastrian funerary processions enter the graveyard overlooking the Tehran suburb of Ray , their sobriety is often shattered by the sound of explosions and gunfire . Frequently , the way forward is blocked by Islamic Revolutionary Guards conducting a combat exercise among the tombs . According to Zoroastrian custom , burial needs to take place within 24 hours , and the Revolutionary Guards will not halt their training activities there for the funerals . This is just another sign of religious freedom fading in the Islamic Republic . Much that is written about the Zoroastrians of Iran portrays them as a venerable and quaint religious community . But these followers of an ancient faith are not insulated from the tribulations of their country . Zoroastrianism is named after its founder , the prophet Zarathustra -- or Zoroaster , as he came to be known in the West -- who preached sometime between 1800 and 1000 B.C. Zoroaster spoke of humans siding with God  called Ahura Mazda , or the Wise Lord  against the devil  called Angra Mainyu , or the Angry Spirit  and fighting for all that is right . In time , those concepts became central to Judaism , Christianity and Islam . So did Zoroastrian beliefs that each soul faces judgment after death before entering heaven , limbo or hell , and that all of humanity will experience resurrection , final judgment and heaven on Earth . Ancient Persian kings like Cyrus and Darius followed their faith 's basic tenet of doing good by freeing Israelites from the Babylonian Exile and supporting construction of the Second Temple at Jerusalem . Zoroastrianism 's clergymen , or magi , are known around the world as the wise men in attendance at the nativity of Jesus . Until Arabs conquered Iran during the seventh century , Zoroastrians , Jews and Christians there could practice their own devotions unhindered . Thereafter , they became minorities who were persecuted and largely converted to Islam . When the Islamic revolution occurred in 1979 , fundamentalist Shiites stormed the fire temple at Tehran . There , Zoroastrians worship in front of a blazing fire , as a symbol of God 's grace , just like Christians face a cross and Muslims turn to a qibla pointing toward Mecca . The portrait of Zoroaster was tossed down , a photograph of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini was put up in its place , and the congregation was warned not to remove the image of Iran 's new leader . Only months later could the prophet 's picture be mounted upon an adjacent wall . Their schools and classrooms began to be covered with images of Supreme Leaders Ayatollah Khomeini and Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and with verses of the Quran that denounce non-Muslims . Those who do well academically nonetheless find no openings within state-controlled universities . When the bloody war with Iraq raged from 1980 to 1988 , young Zoroastrians were involuntarily drafted for suicide missions in the Iranian army . Rejecting the Shiite mullahs ' claim that military martyrdom would lead them to a heaven full of virgins was futile . Failing to offer their lives on the battlefield could result in execution for treason . Then in November 2005 , Ayatollah Ahmed Jannati , chairman of the Council of Guardians of the Constitution , disparaged Zoroastrians and other religious minorities as "  sinful animals who roam the earth and engage in corruption . " When the Zoroastrians ' solitary parliamentary representative protested , he was hauled before a revolutionary tribunal . There , mullahs threatened execution before sparing his life with a warning never to challenge their declarations again . A frightened community subsequently declined to re-elect him . Over the past two years , many Muslim Iranians have begun publicly rejecting the Shiite theocracy 's intolerant ways by adopting symbols and festivals from Zoroastrianism . Those actions are denounced as causing "  harm and corruption " by ayatollahs like Khamenei and Jannati . Sensing that popular sentiment among Iran 's Muslim majority is shifting away from the mullahs , even President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has begun utilizing Zoroastrianism 's past for his own political ends . In September 2010 , he arranged for the Cyrus Cylinder , a sixth-century B.C. document that speaks of religious tolerance and Iranian greatness , to be loaned from the British Museum . During a public ceremony in Tehran , Ahmadinejad lauded indigenous traditions as superior to Arab-imposed Islam . Privately , his chief of staff , Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , even referred to King Cyrus as "  a messenger of God . " Their tottering political base has sharpened the Shiite clerics ' ire . Like members of the Christian , Jewish and Baha'i minorities , Zoroastrian activists who protest the theocracy 's excesses are sent to Tehran 's notorious Evin prison on charges of sedition . At the ayatollahs ' instigation , Iranian media characterizes the followers of Iran 's ancient faith as polytheists and devil worshipers . Lesser mullahs rant against Zoroastrians not only in Iran , but even at mosques in Toronto . The Zoroastrian cemetery outside Tehran now faces another challenge : The municipality seeks to lay a highway through it . Some schools and devotional centers in other Zoroastrian strongholds like Yazd and Kerman have also been notified of pending annexation . Communal gatherings are routinely monitored by fundamentalist Muslim authorities who allege that Zoroastrianism "  threatens national security and subverts the Islamic revolution . " Protections offered by the Islamic Republic 's constitution have been rendered meaningless in practice . Not surprisingly , the daily regimen of discrimination makes Zoroastrians feel wholly unwelcome in their Iranian homeland . Only between 35,000 and 90,000 now remain in a country of approximately 74 million citizens -- and , fearing persecution , many do not readily identify themselves as Zoroastrians . Yet , Zoroastrians are no mere footnote in human history and religiosity . Their ideas still determine how many of the globe 's residents behave . The end of Zoroastrianism in Iran should be prevented . Making religious freedom a priority in U.S. and EU foreign policies will help achieve that goal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jamsheed K. Choksy .	Zoroastrians are not insulated from Iran 's tribulations , Jamsheed K. Choksy says Followers of this ancient faith are disparaged as "  sinful animals , " he says Choksy : Many Muslim Iranians are rejecting the Shiite theocracy 's intolerant ways President Ahmadinejad now uses Zoroastrianism 's past for political ends , Choksy says
CNN  -- It was a case of ` whatever you do , I can do better ' as Barcelona 's Lionel Messi hit four to eclipse Cristiano Ronaldo 's hat-trick for Real Madrid and leave his great rival in the shade once again . Ronaldo had inspired Real to a 4-0 win over Getafe early Sunday , before Messi stole the show to lead Barcelona to a 5-1 thrashing of Osasuna and become the first player to score in 11 consecutive La Liga matches . Messi , who recently beat Ronaldo to the prestigious Ballon d'Or award to win the prize for a record fourth time in succession , has now scored 33 goals in the league and 44 overall this season . Messi crowned world 's best It was also the fifth time Messi had scored four times in a league game and his 16th hat-trick in the top-flight , allowing him to move 12 clear of Ronaldo in the goalscoring charts . The win for Barcelona means it is now 11 points clear at the summit after nearest rival Atletico Madrid was beaten 3-0 at Athletic Bilbao in Sunday 's late game . It was a perfect day for Barca , which welcomed back striker David Villa to the starting line-up for the first time in two months . Four goals from Messi and one from Pedro sealed the win , which was made easier by the 27th minute dismissal of Alejandro Arribas for two yellow cards . Messi sets up ` El Clasico ' clash Meanwhile , Real which hosts Barca in the first leg of the Copa del Rey semifinal Wednesday , moved to within four points of second place Atletico . After a frustrating first-half , Real scored four times without reply thanks to Ronaldo 's treble and a Sergio Ramos strike . Jose Mourinho 's side remain 15 points behind league leaders Barcelona with 17 league games remaining . Elsewhere , Rayo Vallecano beat Real Betis 3-0 to move into fifth , a place and a point behind the Seville-based side and a Champions League position . Real Madrid , Barcelona or Manchester United : Which is the biggest club ? Piti got the South Madrid side off to a great start from the penalty spot on four minutes before Andrija Delibasic and Jose Carlos added second-half goals to make it five wins in six for Rayo . Napoli wins match-fixing appeal In Italy , Napoli moved to within three points of league leaders Juventus after recording an impressive 2-1 win at Parma . Edinson Cavani scored his 18th goal of the season in the 85th minute to end Parma 's unbeaten home run . Marek Hamsik 's opener was cancelled out by an own-goal from Paolo Cannavaro , but Cavani popped up with five minutes remaining to seal the win . Inter sits in fourth place following a 2-2 draw at home to Torino in the day 's late game . Christian Chivu and Esteban Cambiasso were on target for the home side , but two goals from Riccardo Meggiorini earned Torino a point . Sneijder quits Inter for Galatasaray Elsewhere , Milan claimed its 11th league win of the season with 1-0 victory at Atalanta courtesy of Stephan El Shaarawy 's first-half strike . Milan is now up to fifth in the league , 11 points behind league leaders Juventus but coach Massimiliano Allegri appeared unmoved by his team 's victory . He told reporters : "  This changes nothing . Today the boys played well but did n't seal the match and we were under threat till the very end . "  We 're on the right road but we need to keep winning . Let 's see how we 're doing at the end of February and , above all , at the end of March . " Meanwhile , Mauro Icardi scored four as Sampdoria crushed Pescara 6-0 with Eder and Pedro Obiang also on target . Cagliari grabbed a late goal through Thiago Ribeiro to earn a 1-1 draw at home to Palermo , who had taken the lead through Josip Ilicic . Milan 's Boateng takes stand over racism Bottom club Siena suffered another defeat after going down 1-0 to Udinese following Luis Muriel 's 36th minute strike . In the day 's early kick off , Bolgona and Roma put on a six-goal thriller as each team took a point from an enthralling 3-3 draw . Guardiola agrees three-year deal with Bayern In Germany , Bayern Munich went 11 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a 2-0 win in the south German derby at 10-man VfB Stuttgart . Croatia striker Mario Mandzukic and Germany 's Thomas Mueller were both on target as Bayern eased to victory . Elsewhere , Hamburg overcame Werder Bremen 3-2 in the north German derby , while fourth placed Eintracht Frankfurt claimed a 2-1 home win over Hoffenheim . There was disappointment for Schalke after it was held to a 0-0 draw by relegation threatened Augsburg . In France , Paris Saint-Germain stayed top of the table with a 1-0 win over Lille courtesy of an own-goal from Aurelien Chedjou . Bordeaux gained a 1-0 win at Nice thanks to Henri Saivet 's 58th minute strike , while Saint Etienne eased to a 3-0 win over Bastia .	Leo Messi scores four as Barcelona crushes Osasuna in La Liga Cristiano Ronaldo hits a hat-trick for Real in win over Getafe Napoli moves to within three points of leaders Juventus in Serie A Bayern Munich stretches its lead to 11 points at top of Bundesliga
Teens are losing some of their rebellious reputation with this news from the federal government . The latest Monitoring the Future survey , released on Tuesday by the National Institute on Drug Abuse , finds children are smoking fewer cigarettes , drinking less alcohol and abusing fewer prescription and synthetic drugs . Deadly high : How synthetic drugs are killing kids Marijuana rates are stable , even with the increase in the number of states that allow people to use marijuana recreationally . Some 6.5 % of eighth graders said they had smoked marijuana in the past month , 16.6 % of 10th graders did and 21.2 % of 12th graders had , according to the survey . In states with medical marijuana laws , 40 % of 12th graders who reported using marijuana in the past year said they had it contained in food . That 's compared to 26 % who said the same in states where the drug is not legal for any kind of use . Agonized parents plea : Beware synthetic drug dangers There has been a decline in the number of children trying synthetic drugs like K2/Special , also known as synthetic marijuana , in the two years the survey has measured this in all three grades . Use among 12th graders this year was 5.8 % , compared to 7.9 % last year and 11.3 % in 2012 , the survey said . There was also a sharp drop in binge drinking among high school seniors , which is now under 20 % , compared to 1998 when binge drinking among high school seniors was at a peak of 31.5 % . The number of young adults who have tried e-cigarettes is up , according to this report , but that 's in large part because e-cigarette use has never been measured before by this survey . Frequent teen marijuana use linked to issues later in life An unrelated study published Monday in the journal Pediatrics found that 29 % of teens surveyed in Hawaii in 2013 used e-cigarettes , a number much higher than reported in previous surveys . The general decline in drug and alcohol use by teens is part of a two-decade long trend among American teens . "  The main highlight is that for most indicators the news is very good , " said NIDA Director Dr. Nora Volkow . A research psychiatrist and scientist , Volkow said she is encouraged by this significant decline , particularly in synthetic drugs and prescription drugs , which had been a growing problem for teens . She does n't , however , think parents and teachers should be complacent . "  We need to continue to be very aggressive as far as interventions and to continue to curb abuse . " Growing number of calls to poison centers involve kids An increasing number of children have tried e-cigarettes : Some 17 % of 12th graders surveyed had used them in the last month . Sixteen percent of 10th graders did , as had 8 % of eighth graders . "  If you think about a new device , those rates are very high , " Volkow said . The patterns for other drug use are similar to other surveys . Researchers have seen a decline over the past five years in use of prescription pain medicine and have n't seen an uptick in use of other drugs like heroin to compensate for the decline . The rate of abuse of the painkiller Vicodin , for instance , has dropped significantly from the peak abuse use five years ago , according to Volkow . It fell from 9.5 % of those surveyed using it to 4.8 % now . "  This is quite significant because it is so addictive , " Volkow said . She credited an increase in education campaigns and an increased awareness in the health care system about the abuse for slowing the abuse of these drugs . Government drug buy-back programs have also had an impact , Volkow said . "  We still have a lot of work to do and we can still bring those numbers realistically lower , " Volkow said . Compared to other countries , even with the decline in use , the United States still has a higher drug use rate than many other countries . "  We do n't  want to  stand out as a country with high rates of drug abuse among teenagers . "	National Institute on Drug Abuse releases latest study on teen behavior The downward trend in abuse is now a couple of decades old Survey also looks for the first time at e-cigarette use
A video that shows the beheading of American Steven Sotloff was delivered as a "  second message to America " to halt airstrikes in Iraq , following through on a threat to kill the journalist . In the video posted Tuesday online , Sotloff says -- in a message surely scripted by his captors -- that he is "  paying the price " for U.S. military intervention . The intelligence community in the United States is working to confirm the authenticity of the video , and the journalist 's family was waiting for that formal authentication that Sotloff has been killed . "  The family knows of the video and is grieving privately , " family spokesman Barak Barfi said . Who is ISIS ? The killing of Sotloff follows a threat last month by ISIS made during the videotaped beheading of American journalist James Foley . The latest video threatens the life of another man . A masked ISIS figure in the new video speaks to U.S. President Barack Obama , telling him , "  Just as your missiles continue to strike our people , our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people . " The Islamic State has thrived and mutated during the civil war in Syria . It swept into Iraq in June , seizing large swaths of the country 's Sunni-dominated northern and western provinces . Obama ordered targeted airstrikes in Iraq to begin in early August after ISIS fighters began targeting ethnic Yazidis and launching attacks toward the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil . ISIS appeared to date the execution video of Sotloff , referencing specific U.S. military actions in recent days , including U.S. airstrikes that helped over the weekend to break the siege of Amerli -- a northern Iraqi town home to thousands of minority Shiite Turkmen . Intelligence officials are analyzing the video , trying to answer some key questions , a senior U.S. administration official said . Among the questions , the official said : When was it shot ? Where was it shot ? Is the killer in the Sotloff video the same one in the Foley video ? Until they answer those questions , the official said the administration does not want to speculate . It 's believed ISIS is still holding a "  small number " of Americans hostage , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . Beheading of American journalist James Foley recalls past horrors ISIS : ` Back off and leave our people alone ' In the new video , the militant threatens the life of the man , who is shown kneeling with the militant standing behind him . "  We take this opportunity to warn those governments who 've entered this evil alliance of America against the Islamic State to back off and leave our people alone , " the militant says . CNN could not immediately confirm when he was taken captive . But the Washington Post reported he was an aid worker abducted in March 2013 . The newspaper , citing unnamed aid workers involved in efforts to gain his release , said he was abducted near a refugee camp in the northern Syrian province of Idlib . British Prime Minister David Cameron told reporters he was aware of reports about the video and called Sotloff 's killing "  an absolutely disgusting and despicable act . " Who was Sotloff ? Sotloff disappeared while reporting from Syria in August 2013 , but his family kept the news secret , fearing harm to him if they went public . Out of public view , the family and government agencies had been trying to gain his release for the past year . Last week , Sotloff 's mother , Shirley Sotloff , released a video pleading with ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi not to kill her son . "  Steven is a journalist who traveled to the Middle East to cover the suffering of Muslims at the hands of tyrants . Steven is a loyal and generous son , brother and grandson , " she said . "  He is an honorable man and has always tried to help the weak . " Her plea was met with taunting responses on social media by ISIS supporters . Sotloff , 31 , grew up in South Florida with his mother , father and younger sister . He majored in journalism at the University of Central Florida . His personal Facebook page lists musicians including the Dave Matthews Band , Phish , Miles Davis and movies including "  Lawrence of Arabia " and "  The Big Lebowski " as favorites . On his Twitter page , he playfully identifies himself as a "  stand-up philosopher from Miami . " He graduated from another college , began taking Arabic classes and subsequently picked up freelance writing work for a number of publications , including Time , Foreign Policy , World Affairs and The Christian Science Monitor . His travels took him to Yemen , Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Turkey -- among other countries -- and eventually Syria . Editor Nancy Gibbs said the magazine 's staff is "  shocked and deeply saddened " by the reports of his death . "  He gave his life so readers would have access to information from some of the most dangerous places in the world , " she said . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with him and his family . " Sotloff brings the number of journalists killed in Syria to at least 70 , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . More than 80 have been kidnapped in Syria since the civil war began , with many going unpublicized , the group said . "  We condemn in the strongest terms possible the murder of journalist Steven Sotloff . He , like James Foley , went to Syria to tell a story . They were civilians , not representatives of any government . Their murders are war crimes and those who committed them must be brought to justice swiftly , " CPJ said . Obama on ISIS -- No strategy yet Response from the White House White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the administration "  has obviously been watching very carefully since this threat against Mr. Sotloff 's life was originally made a few weeks ago . " A top U.S. State Department official told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour to "  stay tuned " on U.S. plans to combat the organization . "  We are putting the features in place , developing a broad regional coalition , a broad international coalition , working to get a new Iraqi government stood up , working to get our plans in place . So stay tuned , " said Brett McGurk , the deputy U.S. assistant secretary of state for Iraq and Iraq . Obama , who was briefed on the videotaped execution of Sotloff , came under fire from Republicans and Democrats who called on the President to take stronger against ISIS , also known as ISIL . The criticism came a week after Obama said , "  We do n't have a strategy yet " to deal with ISIS in Syria . Obama said he has asked America 's top defense officials to prepare "  a range of options . " "  Mr. President , if you ca n't come up with a strategy , at least tell us what the goal is regarding ISIL , " said Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , D-New Hampshire , said ISIS must be stopped . "  We must use every tool at our disposal , short of introducing ground forces in combat roles , to put an end to the threat they pose to our national security , " she said . Opinion : Foley is a reminder why freelance reporting is so dangerous	"  Stay tuned " for plans to combat ISIS , a State Department official says A video has emerged showing the 31-year-old journalist being beheaded Footage threatens the life of another man ISIS beheaded journalist James Foley ; in that video , the terrorist group threatened to kill Sotloff
CNN  -- Barcelona 's Champions League title defense suffered a big blow in rainy London in midweek , and the Spanish club 's hopes of a fourth successive La Liga crown were all but ended in similarly wet conditions on home turf on Saturday . Real Madrid moved seven points clear of their archrivals with just four games to play after clinching a tense 2-1 victory in the "  El Clasico " clash -- Barcelona 's first home defeat this season , ending a 54-game run in all competitions at the Camp Nou . Cristiano Ronaldo came out on top in his battle with Lionel Messi as his 73rd-minute winner took his league tally this season to 42 -- one more than the Argentine . "  We 've taken a gigantic step in La Liga by defeating Barcelona , " Real captain Iker Casillas told the club 's website . "  There are still points in play and we must show respect for our opponents , but winning here is taking an important step in the championship . "  We behaved like a true team . Cristiano did an excellent job , but all of us played well from start to finish . It was a very important match and we earned a difficult victory . " The match was ominously similar to Wednesday 's 1-0 defeat by Chelsea , as Barcelona dominated possession despite slippery conditions -- but failed to capitalize against a Madrid side who lost 2-1 to Bayern Munich in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal . Clasico key to title race ? While the English club caught Barca on the counterattack just before halftime , Real exposed the Catalan side 's defensive weaknesses as Germany midfielder Sami Khedira scrambled in a 17th-minute opener after the home team failed to clear Angel di Maria 's inswinging corner . It was Real 's 108th goal in 34 league games this season -- a new record , beating Los Blancos ' feat in the 1989-90 season . Barca coach Josep Guardiola brought Alexis Sanchez off the bench with just over 20 minutes to go , and the Chile forward made an instant impact as he bundled in an equalizer at the second attempt . Sanchez replaced Spain midfielder Xavi , who made a record 32nd Clasico appearance . However , the home crowd 's relief was shortlived as Ronaldo beat the offside trip to gather Mesut Ozil 's fine pass down the right , and the world 's most expensive player netted his 54th goal this season from an acute angle . Messi has scored 63 in all competitions , but has now not netted in the last three Clasico matches -- and Barca have lost back to back for the first time since 2009 . Real 's former Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho celebrated his second Clasico victory in 11 clashes , and first in the league , having won the Spanish Cup last year . The 49-year-old has already won titles in England , Italy and his native Portugal , and was under big pressure to end Barca 's dominance this season . "  I congratulate Real Madrid for their victory and also for their league title which I have no doubt they have clinched tonight , " Guardiola told reporters , as he defended his decision to leave Cesc Fabregas and Gerard Pique on the bench . "  I selected the team which I thought had the best chance to defeat Madrid . " Real had held a 10-point lead just over a month ago , but three draws allowed Barcelona -- who had won 11 games in a row -- to entertain hopes of closing the gap to just one this weekend . Guardiola 's team still hold a 29-point lead over third-placed Valencia , who host Real Betis on Sunday . In Italy 's Serie A , fourth-placed Udinese 's Champions League hopes were dented by a 0-0 draw with mid-table Chievo on Saturday . The result left Udinese two points behind third-placed Lazio , who play on Sunday along with leaders Juventus and title-chasing deefnding champions AC Milan . Napoli moved up to fifth with a 2-0 win at home to second-bottom Novara .	Cristiano Ronaldo 's winner in Clasico puts Real Madrid seven points clear Second-placed Barcelona suffer second successive defeat this week Both teams were beaten in midweek Champions League semifinal first legs Defeat ends Barcelona 's 54-match unbeaten run at the Camp Nou
CNN  -- According to the World Health Organization , 800 women die every day from pregnancy and childbirth-related complications . Severe bleeding is the cause of 34 % of maternal deaths in Africa , 31 % in Asia and 21 % in Latin America and the Caribbean . Because of these statistics , the theme for 2014 's World Blood Donor Day is "  Safe blood for saving mothers . " Held on June 14 each year , the date marks the birthday of Karl Landsteiner , who helped make modern blood transfusions possible . One blood donation can save the lives of up to three people , and the donation process only takes eight to 10 minutes , according to the American Red Cross . Find a blood donation center near you	800 women die every day from pregnancy and childbirth-related complications World Blood Donor Day honors the man who helped develop transfusions One blood donation can save the lives of up to three people
Monterrey , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities are asking for DNA samples from families of missing persons nationwide in their efforts to identify 49 decapitated bodies , an official said Wednesday . That will be the only way to identify the victims -- whose killers cut off their heads , hands and feet -- Nuevo Leon state security spokesman Jorge Domene told reporters three days after investigators found the remains abandoned along a highway . Officials in El Salvador may also request access to the DNA data authorities in Nuevo Leon have compiled , to compare it with samples from family members of Salvadoran migrants who have gone missing in Mexico , Domene said . While investigators work to identify the victims behind closed doors , parts of the case have played out quite publicly . Banners hanging in locations throughout the country , purportedly from the Zetas , claim that the notoriously ruthless cartel had nothing to do with the gruesome crime . But another message purportedly signed by the Zetas and found Sunday at the crime scene -- a roadside near the industrial city of Monterrey and about 80 miles southwest of the U.S. border -- told a different story , threatening members of rival cartels and Mexican authorities . Domene told reporters Wednesday that investigations to find those responsible would focus on scientific proof and not on the banners . On Monday , Mexico 's interior minister said the 49 decapitated bodies were likely the result of a fierce feud over territory and power between the Zetas and members of the allied Gulf and Sinaloa cartels . The Zetas started with deserters from the Mexican army and quickly gained a reputation for ruthless violence as the armed branch of Mexico 's Gulf cartel . The partnership ended in 2010 . Now , analysts say the Gulf cartel is allied with the Sinaloa cartel , one of the nation 's most powerful drug-trafficking groups . Interior Minister Alejandro Poire stressed Monday that the Mexican government would not retreat from its efforts to crack down on organized crime -- an effort that is facing increasing criticism as Mexico 's presidential campaign season heats up . "  I know very well that these acts worry society , but the solution is not to let our guard down , " Poire said . President Felipe Calderon , seen as the chief champion of Mexico 's crime-fighting strategy , is not running for re-election . But opposition candidates have criticized his administration 's approach . More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 , when Calderon announced plans to deploy troops in efforts to combat cartels . According to Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission , more than 5,300 people have disappeared throughout the country in that same time period . And the bodies of 9,000 dead have not been identified . Officials fear the total number of missing could be far higher , because many disappearances go unreported . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	DNA samples will be the only way to identify the decapitated victims , a state official says Authorities are seeking DNA from families of missing persons Investigators are trying to identify the 49 bodies , and who was behind the deaths Banners claim the Zetas drug cartel was not responsible for the gruesome crime
