New York  CNN  -- The unregulated nature of the Web has aided a proliferation of cyber-hate , according to a report the Simon Wiesenthal Center for Tolerance released Monday . The report , Digital Terrorism and Hate 2010 , notes that there are about 11,500 hate-affiliated Web pages , a 20 percent jump from last year 's study . According to the Wiesenthal Center , personal blogs as well as mainstream social-networking sites such as Facebook , MySpace , YouTube and Twitter are easily flooded with racist and terrorist-related content . "  The spike is not in traditional Web sites in the United States , " said Rabbi Abraham Cooper , associate dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center . "  It 's more global and almost all in the social-networking area . " Mark Weitzman , director of government affairs for the Wiesenthal Center and a co-author of the report , said home-grown terrorism suspects have an active online presence . He cited the case of a Pennsylvania woman who officials say called herself "  Jihad Jane . " The woman , Colleen LaRose , has been indicted on charges of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and kill a person in a foreign country . She had been on the radar of the Wiesenthal Center for the past year , Weitzman said . "  We ask , ` Are they just coming out of the woodwork ? ' and the answer in every single case is the Internet link , " Cooper said . Although these sites are monitored , the report 's authors said , they have become increasingly alarmed by the "  lone wolf " effect , making it difficult for law enforcement to discern which threats are legitimate and which are simply talk . For example , the late James W. Von Brunn , the 88-year-old who was charged in the fatal shooting of a security guard at the National Holocaust Museum in Washington in June , kept a Web site called the Holy Western Empire . On it , he blamed a "  Negro jury , Jew/Negro attorneys " and "  a Jew judge " for a six-year prison term he served in the 1980s . However , "  there 's no equation that says someone who posts a rant ... is going to go on a shooting rampage , " said Weitzman , who has testified in front of Congress and the United Nations on the issue of digital hate . Perhaps even more chilling are the growing numbers of "  how to " Web sites in which terror groups routinely post instructional manuals and videos on bombmaking and computer hacking . The study also explored e-commerce and how it can be used to market hate . In February , an eBay merchant offered "  an original Holocaust ring , " claiming that it came from his uncle who was posted at the Dachau concentration camp during World War II . EBay pulled the Web page before a sale was made . Founded in 1977 , the Simon Wiesenthal Center was named after a Jew who survived the Holocaust and became famous for his career as a Nazi hunter .	Internet 's unregulated nature has aided proliferation of cyber-hate , report says Number of hate-affiliated Web pages jumped 20 percent in past year Personal blogs , mainstream social-networking sites are affected , authors say
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- One of Iran 's most powerful clerics , Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , called Friday for the release of people arrested after last month 's disputed presidential election . Rafsanjani remains an influential figure in Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 's circle . "  There is no need to have these numbers of people in prison , " the former Iranian president said during his highly anticipated Friday sermon . "  Let them come back to their families . Let the enemy not laugh at us and criticize us . We must sympathize with those who have suffered damages . " He warned : "  The system can not lose them . If the system reproaches them they will come back to us . " Tens of thousands of people gathered in and around Tehran University as Rafsanjani spoke for about an hour , according to witnesses at the speech . Iranian police used tear gas to disperse some of the crowds . Many in the crowd chanted : "  Iranians are dying and the nation will not tolerate it . " Traditionally , the speaker before the sermon asks those gathered to yell "  Death to America " and "  Death to Israel . " But on Friday , after being asked to curse those two countries , the crowd instead chanted , "  Allaho Akbar , " meaning "  God is great " -- the signature chant of the opposition movement . It was a key moment of defiance , as thousands in the crowd signaled that they were there to protest , not to support the regime . Later , as Rafsanjani was speaking , he mentioned China and Russia -- two nations that have said they recognize Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the winner of the election . Some in the crowd began chanting , "  Death to Russia " and "  Death to China . " Rafsanjani called on the people to stop , saying they should not call for death to anyone . Rafsanjani backs reformist Mir Hossein Moussavi , the opposition candidate who challenged Ahmadinejad in the June 12 election . Protesters say the election results were a sham , but the government stands by them . Watch more about Rafsanjani 's sermon " Moussavi was at the sermon Friday . The semi-official Islamic Student News Agency posted a photo of him in attendance . A Facebook page associated with Moussavi also said he was at the sermon . The news agency 's photos also showed the two other opposition candidates from the election , Mehdi Karrubi and Mohsen Rezaie , at the sermon . There were reports , from people claiming to be witnesses , that Karrubi was attacked by members of the Basij , the paramilitary forces . CNN could not independently verify the reports because of the Iranian government 's restrictions on international journalists . After weeks of silence , Rafsanjani recently became increasingly vocal in opposing the brutal crackdown on demonstrators who protested election results . Earlier this month , the Iranian Labor News Agency quoted him as saying : "  People from across the county participated in the elections with excitement . But unfortunately , the events that occurred after that , and the difficulties created for some , left a bitter taste , and I do n't think any wakened consciousness would be satisfied with the resulting situation . " Rafsanjani was under pressure Friday to deliver public support for the Iranian establishment . Lawmaker Mohammad Karim Shahrzad was recently quoted by the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency as saying : "  After a monthlong silence , the position of Hashemi Rafsanjani will be very important for those of all political inclinations , particularly those who are aiming at the  destruction  of the unity of the system . " Shahrzad called on Rafsanjani -- head of the Assembly of Experts , the council responsible for appointing or removing the supreme leader -- to "  announce the support of the supreme leadership as the highest authority " in his speech . A member of parliament said Rafsanjani 's sermon would be "  historic . " Moussavi 's supporters took to the streets last month to protest the outcome of last month 's election that gave Ahmadinejad an overwhelming victory . Rafsanjani 's daughter , Faezeh , and four of his other relatives were detained briefly after taking part in one of those rallies . The widespread street protests and civil unrest led to the deaths of at least 20 demonstrators and the arrests of more than 1,000 , according to Iran 's state-run media . The numbers of casualties and arrests could not be independently verified by CNN because of restrictions on international journalists by the Iranian government . Rafsanjani remains an influential figure in Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 's circle , but he has made "  a real break with the supreme leader in this case , " Iranian-American author Hooman Majd told CNN recently . Rafsanjani was missing when Iran 's power brokers assembled on June 19 at Friday prayers to hear Khamenei declare Ahmadinejad the winner . Ahmadinejad is scheduled to be sworn in before parliament between August 2 and August 6 , according to Islamic Republic News Agency .	Rafsanjani calls for release of those held after June 12 vote Rafsanjani : "  If the system reapproaches them they will come back to us " Former president backs opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi Police used tear gas to disperse crowds attending the sermon
Boston  CNN  -- The closed shops and empty streets that once gave Boston the feel of a ghost town teemed with life again Saturday as a cold morning rain stirred residents to grumble about a more familiar New England grievance : The weather . Yet for many across the region , Monday 's marathon attacks and a terrorist manhunt spurred changes more subtle and difficult to quantify than those wrought by the deadly force of two bombs that detonated near the finish line . The manhunt spanned Boston and its surrounding suburbs , riveting the nation and deepening concerns about the origins of the attack and the likelihood of another . "  I think I understand a little better how people feel in other countries that go through this , " said Debby Singh , 39 , who had huddled in her Watertown apartment as authorities combed the area in search of the suspected bomber . "  We were just so paranoid . " ' A million questions ' for bombing suspect Others said the experience offered a rare front-row seat to a phenomenon unfamiliar to most American cities , tested their faith or simply reminded them of life 's fragility . "  Never have I seen anything like this , " said Watertown resident Tony Paulino , as businesses shuttered and streets closed , leaving many to wonder how long the manhunt would drag on . "  It makes you wonder how safe we all are . " Sara Pradziak also seemed cautious , even after police made an arrest , despite hundreds of college-aged revelers who poured out of their homes Friday evening when the lockdown expired . "  There 's always this thing in the back of my head that wonders if all of this is a little premature , " she said . For Stephen McAlpin , the experience of crouching in his bathtub with his wife , Emily , as bullets whizzed through his Watertown home left him tired and still shaken a day later . "  There 's no real going back to normal after something like this , " he said . "  It feels today like we 're waking up from a nightmare . " As Boston reeled , younger suspect partied As the overnight shoot-out unfolded between police and suspected terrorists , the couple had been directly in the line of fire . "  I knew that I could n't protect her , " he said . "  There was nothing I could do . " When it was all over , shell casings littered his front yard and seven bullet holes were scattered across his home , including one in his living room that left his television shattered . At least one other round pierced the walls of his neighbor 's home and blasted harmlessly into their children 's bedroom . "  It 's terrifying to hear about something like that , " McAlpin added , saying the shootings had forced things into perspective . "  In the midst of feeling really safe , there was this reality yesterday that we could die from bullets and explosions in our American home , " he said . "  That 's not something you 'd expect . " On Saturday , as life returned to normal , local bars and coffee shops in Boston were abuzz with talk more reflective of the nature of the attacks than the specific ways in which the teenager had initially evaded authorities . Manhunt began with intense firefight in dark street "  We 're all still in shock , " said Ester Maxman , a local resident who had watched Friday as traffic trickled through Boston 's normally bustling downtown streets . "  This type of thing just does n't happen here . " The violence has left many grappling without answers , which President Barack Obama echoed in a hastily arranged address to the nation on Friday night . "  Why did these young men who grew up and studied here as part of our communities and our country resort to such violence ? " the president said . "  How did they plan and carry out these attacks ? And did they receive any help ? The families of those killed so senselessly deserve answers . " By Saturday afternoon , security across Boston remained tight . Checkpoints were still visible in parts of the city , as were flower memorials set up near the marathon finish line , where three people suffered fatal wounds and more than 170 were injured . But at Fenway Park , in an attempt to regain a sense of normalcy , more than 35,000 Red Sox fans bellowed out the lyrics to their eighth-inning signature tune , "  Sweet Caroline , " led personally in a surprise appearance by Neil Diamond . "  I bring love from the whole country , " the 72-year-old singer told the crowd , drawing raucous cheers . The Sox then rallied to beat the Kansas City Royals after trailing 2-1 in the top of the eighth . Suspects : Immigrant dream to American nightmare	Watertown residents say after dodging bullets , life wo n't be the same "  It makes you wonder how safe we all are , " Watertown resident says Says another : "  We 're all still in shock "
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius needs to undergo mental health examinations , the judge in his murder trial ruled Wednesday , putting a halt to the proceedings after nearly two months of testimony . The very unusual move throws the trial into confusion . How long 's the trial delayed ? We do n't know yet . Judge Thokozile Masipa will formally issue her ruling on Tuesday . By that time , she should know who will do the evaluation of Pistorius and when and where it will take place . At that point , it should be somewhat clearer when the trial will resume -- if it does at all . How long will the evaluations take ? A minimum of 30 days . Will Pistorius have to live in an institution ? Judge Masipa hopes he will not . She said she did not intend to "  punish the accused twice " by putting him in a situation where he had to be locked up , and asked if he could be evaluated as an outpatient . Pistorius should learn the answer on Tuesday . Neither side believes he 's mentally ill , so what 's this all about ? The defense team put a psychiatrist , Dr. Merryll Vorster , on the stand to testify that Pistorius suffers from "  generalized anxiety disorder . " The disorder means he has "  excessive " concerns about security , and that he felt threatened even when , objectively , he was not , she testified . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel seized on the psychiatrist 's testimony , arguing that if the defendant 's mental health is even potentially an issue in the trial , he needed to be referred for expert evaluation . The defense is not arguing that mental illness played a role in Pistorius shooting and killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , so they opposed the motion . But after considering the question overnight , Masipa granted the prosecution request . Was Nel 's push for tests a total surprise ? What 's his strategy ? Yes . It 's incredibly unusual for the prosecution -- rather than the defense -- to argue that a defendant might have defense of insanity . Nel seems to be placing a high-stakes bet that experts will disagree with the evidence of Dr. Vorster . How will finding on mental state affect the trial ? The expert panel evaluating Pistorius has three options . They could find that Pistorius was mentally incapacitated when he shot Steenkamp , which would end the trial immediately in a verdict of not guilty by reason of mental illness . That would lead to the athlete being committed to a mental institution until he is ruled not to be a danger . The doctors could also find that he had "  diminished responsibility " at the time he killed Steenkamp . In that case , the trial would resume , and the experts ' finding would be taken into consideration during sentencing if he is found guilty . The third possibility is that the experts could disagree with the defense psychiatrist and say that Pistorius ' mental health is not an issue at all . If that happens , Vorster 's testimony could be disregarded . The experts might not all agree with each other , and lawyers on either side could disagree with the experts ' report , leading to any number of possible outcomes . If there is any dispute , the final decision about what to do with the experts ' report lies with the judge . Is this good or bad for Pistorius ? It all depends on what the mental health experts decide . If they agree with Vorster or find he was incapacitated , that will help Pistorius . In one respect , though , the ruling is not to his advantage : It pushes off the end of his trial , leaving him in legal limbo at least another few months .	A surprise order for mental testing for Oscar Pistorius raises questions for his trial Testing will last at least 30 days , pushing off the end of the trial A prosecution move for mental observation is very unusual How the move affects Pistorius and the verdict depends on what experts decide
The Frisky  -- I 've never really been a fan of the "  Men are from Mars , Women are from Venus " school of relationship thought , but I 'll admit that sometimes I feel as though the men I 've dated have spoken a different language . Like when a great date is followed by the deafening silence of the phone . Or when the big relationship talk results in a boyfriend-shaped hole in my wall . Those are the times I want nothing more than a dictionary that translates every deer-in-headlights look , ambiguous voicemail , and cryptic text message . That 's where Jeff Mac 's "  Manslations : Decoding the Secret Language of Men " comes in . The good Actions speak louder than words . Sure , not a novel idea , but this "  duh " lesson is one that can take years to learn . If it looks , walks , and quacks like a duck , then it 's a duck . Mac 's Golden Rule ? Whenever there is any conflict between what a man says and what he does , always , always ignore what he says . There is no such thing as a man dumping you because he is afraid of getting hurt , is frightened that his feelings are too strong , or because he finds you intimidating . Mac says to think of the simplest solution -- is it that this man sensed you were the perfect woman for him , who touched him so much in deep , important places that he could n't handle ? Or was he just not feeling it ? It 's OK to call him first -- and if you get blown off , it 's not because you called first . This is my favorite piece of advice from Mac , who says the mistaken conclusion women come to when they call first post-date and get blown off is that the call made them look clingy and spooked the guy . "  This is not how it went , " says Mac . "  If you called him and he blew you off , it went like this : 1 . You had a great date , and he did not . 2 . He planned to blow you off . 3 . You called him , and nothing changed . " The bad All men are obsessed with cars , the remote , sports , and video games . Yawn . For the record , my man keeps his video game playtime short , hands remote control power over to me , and does n't care for sports or cars . Is my guy an exception to the rule , or is it possible that all men are different and do not necessarily share those interests as a gender ? I 'm guessing it 's the latter . The ugly Men are like dogs . Is this statement required filler for all dating books , right after the part about women being shopping-obsessed nags ? According to Mac , men are like dogs because , among other things , they have short attention spans and pay a lot of attention to their own crotches and the crotches of others . I 'm willing to bet short attention span is n't an inherently male trait , and I can personally testify that neither is an interest in crotches . So is Jeff Mac 's "  Manslations " the be-all and end-all of man manuals ? Not exactly . But when your girlfriends refuse to help you decode , for the eighth time , what he meant when he said , "  I 'll call you later , " Jeff Mac 's sometimes trite , always funny advice comes in handy . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Woman rates Jeff Mac 's "  Manslations : Decoding the Secret Language of Men " If there 's conflict between what man says or does , always ignore what he says Her favorite : OK for women to call guy first , and if dumped , it 's not because of call
CNN  -- Steps were being taken to guard against a new threat of "  body bombs " planted inside passengers aboard flights heading to the United States from overseas , a government official with knowledge of the threat said Tuesday . Authorities have increased aviation security , especially on air carriers heading to the United States from the United Kingdom , other parts of Europe and the Middle East in the days surrounding the one-year anniversary of the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , said the official , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the information and to protect the specifics of how the risk came to light . ABC reported on Monday officials fear al Qaeda may soon attempt to explode United States-bound aircraft with the body bombs . The body bomb threat has surfaced before , but the renewed concern is based on new information originating overseas , the official said . Details of the threat have been shared among intelligence agencies in the United States and the United Kingdom within the past two weeks , the official said . An FBI official declined comment on the information , but said , "  the FBI takes all threat stream information seriously and runs it down to the best of our ability with all available resources . " Department of Homeland Security spokesman Peter Boogaard said Monday authorities have "  no indication of any specific , credible threats or plots against the United States tied to the bin Laden anniversary . " Navy SEALs killed bin Laden during a raid on a Pakistani compound on May 2 , 2011 . "  DHS will continue to monitor intelligence reporting and respond appropriately to protect the American people from an ever-evolving threat picture , and as always , encourage the public and our partners in law enforcement and the private sector to remain vigilant in promptly reporting any suspicious activities , " he added , declining comment on the ABC report . Speaking before the ABC story was published , a separate law enforcement official claimed not to know of any security increases but said each locality makes its own decision . The official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , similarly said that there is "  no intelligence to indicate a credible threat " of attack to coincide with the anniversary of bin Laden 's death . Body bombs gained worldwide attention in 2009 when al Qaeda 's chief bomb-maker , Ibrahim al-Asiri , built a device containing around 100 grams of PETN , a difficult-to-detect powdery explosive , that was designed to be inserted inside the rectum of a suicide bomber . The suicide bomber was his younger brother , Abdullah al-Asiri . Their target was Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , the head of Saudi counterterrorism , whose security services had driven them out of Saudi Arabia two years earlier . Their group , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , was determined to show that even well-protected targets outside Yemen were not beyond their reach . In the end , the attack failed . Despite gaining entry to bin Nayef 's residence by claiming to be defecting , Abdullah al-Asiri killed only himself ; the head of Saudi counterterrorism was just slightly injured . But even in failure , his brother and comrades were emboldened . Never had al Qaeda come so close to killing a member of the Saudi royal family . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Aviation security has increased on planes headed to the United States ABC reported Monday officials are wary of an al Qaeda body bomb threat A DHS spokesman says there is no indication of specific or credible threats
Elliot Rodger stood in the doorway , talking to sheriff 's deputies who had come to check on his welfare , and worried that his plan to kill was over . Last month , officers visited Rodger , 22 , who they say killed six people and himself Friday night , at his apartment in Isla Vista , California . "  I had the striking and devastating fear that someone had somehow discovered what I was planning to do , and reported me for it , " Rodger wrote toward the end of a 137-page account of his life . "  If that was the case , the police would have searched my room , found all of my guns and weapons , along with my writings about what I plan to do with them . "  I would have been thrown in jail , denied of the chance to exact revenge on my enemies . I ca n't imagine a hell darker than that . " The manifesto , titled "  My Twisted World , " was obtained by CNN affiliate KEYT . "  It was apparent he was very mentally disturbed , " Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown said , referring to the contents of the autobiography . So disturbed that someone from a mental health agency , after consulting with one of Rodger 's relatives , requested police check on his welfare April 30 , Brown said . Rodger 's family contacted police after discovering social media posts about suicide and killing people , family spokesman and attorney Alan Shifman told reporters Saturday . Brown said Rodger told deputies it was a misunderstanding and that he was not going to hurt anyone or himself . Rodger said he was having troubles with his social life . "  He was articulate . He was polite . He was timid , " Brown told CNN on Sunday . There was nothing in his behavior to suggest he was violent , and the deputies "  determined he did not meet the criteria for an involuntary hold , " Brown said . Rodger wrote that a wave of relief came over him when the deputies left . "  If they had demanded to search my room ...  t  hat would have ended everything . For a few horrible seconds , I thought it was all over . " After that , Rodger wrote , he kept one of his guns and some loaded magazines near him so if police came back to his apartment , he would try to shoot them and escape . "  Thankfully , all suspicion of me was dropped after I took down the videos from Youtube , and the police never came back . " "  It was all because of the videos . I must have expressed too much anger in them . I immediately took most of them off of Youtube , and planned to reupload them a few days before the Day of Retribution . " Rodger uploaded a video Friday , calling it his last . Sheriff : Plan took a year The angst leading up to Friday 's evening of horror was years in the making . The plan to kill many people apparently had come together in the past year , Brown said . Rodger was frustrated by his short stature , his parents ' divorce and his lack of success with women -- and chronicled his perceived misfortunes in his manifesto . He picked Friday to launch a killing rampage , outlined later by police . It started at his own home in Isla Vista , near the scenic beaches of Southern California . Rodger stabbed three men to death at his home . They are Cheng Yuan Hong , 20 , and George Chen , 19 , both of San Jose , and Weihan Wang , 20 , of Fremont , the Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Office confirmed Sunday . They were students at the University of California , Santa Barbara , the Sheriff 's Office said . Hong and Chen were "  listed on the lease for the apartment as tenants , along with Rodger , " the Sheriff 's Office said . Rodger then took his handguns and went to the Alpha Phi sorority house near UC Santa Barbara campus ; he hinted at the carnage he 'd inflict at the sorority house in the YouTube video called "  Retribution . " "  On the day of retribution I 'm going to enter the hottest sorority house of UCSB , " he said in the video . "  I 'll take great pleasure in slaughtering all of you . " On Friday night , sorority members heard loud knocking on the front door for several minutes -- but nobody answered . Minutes later , Rodger sprayed bullets at the house from across the street , Brown said . Witness Kyle Sullivan saw three young women lying on the front lawn . "  There was a young girl , laying right here . And she was -- I could tell immediately she was gone , " said Sullivan , 19 . "  I saw a gunshot wound to her abdomen , also one to her side and one through her head . " She was n't alone . "  There was a girl right here and she was really struggling . You could tell she was barely able to move her eyes and just moving her arms slightly , " Sullivan said . "  And there was another girl right here . You could tell she was lying down crouched . She was still conscious , talking . " By the end of the night , two of the three young women had died -- Katherine Cooper , 22 , and Veronika Weiss , 19 . Both were students at UC Santa Barbara . Delta Delta Delta said on its Twitter page Sunday that it mourned the loss of two of its sisters . "  Tri Delta is saddened by the tragic loss of two members at UCSB . Our thoughts are with their family , friends , and Gamma Theta Chapter , " the message said . Alpha Phi posted on its Facebook page Saturday that "  all our members are safe . " Rampage continues Rodger then zoomed around town in a black BMW , stopping at a delicatessen where he shot and killed Christopher Martinez , another UC Santa Barbara student . Exactly why , no one knows for sure . Rodger got back in his car , and the killing rampage continued . He dashed around town , reportedly driving down the wrong side of the road so he could fire out the driver 's side window near the sidewalk . He shot at two people on the sidewalk , pulled a handgun on a woman and fired some more , Brown said . He encountered a sheriff 's deputy who was on foot and exchanged gunfire . Witness Ian Papa said he was inches away on the street when the gunman 's car sped up and struck two bicyclists . "  It happened so fast , " he said . "  I had no time to react . I jumped on the sidewalk and I see a man on a BMW , his body inside the windshield and glass broken everywhere . ... I almost wanted to break into tears . " The nightmare finally ended after Rodger slammed into a parked vehicle and apparently shot himself in the head , police said . By the time the melee was over , six victims were dead , 13 were injured , and a quiet beachfront community was left to wonder how this could happen -- and whether anyone could have prevented it . In the nearly seven-minute video posted Friday , Rodger rants about women who ignored or rejected him over the past eight years , "  since I hit puberty . " "  Tomorrow is the day of retribution , the day in which I will have my revenge , " he says in what he calls his last video . "  You girls have never been attracted to me . I do n't know why you girls are n't attracted to me , but I will punish you all for it . " He specifically criticized sorority members . Unused ammo It 's unclear what Rodger might have done had he not wrecked his car . Inside the wrecked BMW , Brown said , police found three handguns -- all legally purchased -- and more than 400 rounds of unused ammunition . Brown said the guns were purchased the firearms over the past year in three different cities . Martinez 's father , Richard , said some politicians and the National Rifle Association are also to blame for his son 's death . "  Chris died because of craven , irresponsible politicians and the NRA , " he said . "  They talk about gun rights -- what about Chris ' right to live ? When will this insanity stop ? " Rodger suffered from an undisclosed mental health issue and was under the care of a variety of health care professionals , Brown said . But there was no indication he had been committed to a mental health facility . Rodger passed the background check needed to buy the firearm used in the shooting , a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation told CNN . The official said nothing had been found in the gun trace to indicate Rodger should have been disqualified . Law enforcement officers were searching the separate homes of the suspect 's mother and father Sunday , a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . The officers were from the Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Department and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , the source said . The manifesto In the manuscript of his life 's story , Rodger often mentioned feeling slighted or inferior , such as when he was denied entry on an amusement park ride at age 6 while other boys his age got to go on . "  Being denied entry on a simple amusement park ride due to my height may seem like only a small injustice , but it was big for me at time , " Rodger wrote . "  Little did I know , this injustice was very small indeed compared to all the things I 'll be denied in the future because of my height . " He described his parents ' divorce as a devastating , "  life-changing event , " but said he gained more respect for his father after he quickly acquired a girlfriend . "  Males who can easily find female mates garner more respect from their fellow men , even children , " Rodger wrote . "  How ironic is it that my father , one of those men who could easily find a girlfriend , has a son who would struggle all his life to find a girlfriend . " But the overarching theme of the manifesto focuses on his frustrations with women . "  My orchestration of the Day of Retribution is my attempt to do everything , in my power , to destroy everything I can not have , " Rodger wrote . "  All of those beautiful girls I 've desired so much in my life , but can never have because they despise and loathe me , I will destroy . All of those popular people who live hedonistic lives of pleasure , I will destroy , because they never accepted me as one of them . I will kill them all and make them suffer , just as they have made me suffer . It is only fair . " Who 's the man behind the rampage	Names of three other victims released Elliot Rodger had guns and plans to kill people when deputies came to his home Authorities say he killed 6 people Friday before apparently shooting himself in the head Rodger wrote 140 pages about his life and frustrations about women
CNN  -- The World Cup has provided a festival of football and color in Brazil , and its intoxicating nature has had an effect far away from the shores of the Copacabana . The action and fervor sparked by one of the biggest sporting events in the world has prompted Northern Ireland 's two-time major champion Rory McIlroy to turn his mind to another -- the Olympics . And as he stepped up his preparations ahead of the Irish Open in Cork , he decided to announce he 'll be representing Ireland at the Rio Olympics of 2016 . McIlroy had previously stated his intention to compete under the Great Britain and Northern Ireland banner when golf returns to the Games after 112 years . But confirming his change of heart at a press conference ahead of the Irish Open this week , he said Brazil 's hosting of the World Cup had provoked his declaration . "  I 've been thinking about it a lot , " he told reporters at the Fota Island Resort . "  I feel like it 's the right decision for me . There 's no point in delaying it and letting it linger any longer . "  I do n't know whether it 's been because the World Cup has been in Brazil and I 've been thinking a couple of years down the line . "  I have also thought about all the times that I played as an amateur for Ireland and as a boy and everything so for me it 's the right decision to play for Ireland , so I 'm going to play for Ireland in 2016 . "  If you look at the  Irish  rugby players , you look at cricketers or hockey players ... they view Ireland as one , the same as we do in golf . "  So I do n't think there 's any point to change that or any point to go against that just because it 's a different event or it 's the Olympics . "  I was always very proud to put on the Irish uniform and play as an amateur and as a boy , and I would be very proud to do it again . " McIlroy , from Holywood in County Down , played amateur golf on an all-island basis before he turned professional and is eligible to represent Great Britain and Northern Ireland as well as the Republic of Ireland . The U.S. Open and U.S. PGA Championship winner received funding from the Golfing Union of Ireland before turning professional in 2007 . And he has represented Ireland twice in golf 's World Cup event , both times playing alongside compatriot Graeme McDowell -- the 2010 U.S. Open champion . When asked if an Olympic gold medal would rank as highly as a major championship he replied : "  Winning an Olympic medal is still is not as big as a major championship but it 's up there . "  The majors in our sport are the biggest and best prizes in the game . But as hopefully golf grows in the Olympics and becomes say bigger in four or five Games down the line then it might become bigger . " Aside from the 2016 Olympics , McIlroy 's more immediate concern was getting his clubs back after they were lost in transit by United during his flight to Ireland . The world No. 6 tweeted on Tuesday : "  Hey @united landed in Dublin yesterday morning from Newark and still no golf clubs ... Sort of need them this week ... Can someone help !? " His plea sparked the airline into action and it promised McIlroy 's clubs would be delivered to the tournament venue on Wednesday . They were as good as their word and McIlroy posted a photo on Twitter saying : "  Re-@united with my clubs ! " McIlroy is in good form after his recent victory at the European Tour 's flagship event -- the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth -- and a top 25 finish at the U.S. Open last weekend . He has been paired with three-time major champion Padraig Harrington , from Ireland , for his first two rounds in Cork .	Rory McIlroy announces intention to compete for Ireland at Rio Olympics of 2016 The Northern Irishman had previously said he would represent Team GB in Brazil McIlroy : "  I was thinking about all the times I have played for Ireland as a boy " Golf star 's clubs returned to him after they went missing in transit
Hong Kong   CNN  -- Hong Kong authorities confiscated $ 3.4 million  $ 26.7 million in Hong Kong currency  worth of ivory found in two shipping containers this week . The illegal goods weighed more than 8,000 pounds , making it one of the biggest seizures of ivory in Hong Kong . The containers arrived from Tanzania and Kenya , according to Hong Kong customs officials . The agency seized a total of 1,209 pieces of ivory tusks and three pounds of ivory ornaments from the two containers . Hong Kong Customs was on alert after a tip-off from Guangdong officials in China . On October 16 , Hong Kong officers inspected a container from Tanzania claiming to carry plastic scrap and found $ 1.7 million worth of ivory . A day later , a second container from Kenya was seized with ivory valued at $ 1.7 million , according to Hong Kong Customs . Seven people , including one Hong Kong resident , have been arrested by Chinese authorities in connection to the cases , said a customs spokeswoman . Hong Kong is viewed as a transit point for the illegal ivory trade , feeding into increasing demands in China , according to a Time article published this week . Elephants are being killed in Africa at an alarming rate as international demand soars for ivory . Much of the demand comes from increasingly affluent Asian countries , particularly China and Thailand . The last major bust in Hong Kong occurred in 2011 , when officials seized a shipment of ivory and rhino horns valued at $ 2.2 million in Hong Kong dollars . Priest embroiled in ivory smuggling controversy Will elephants still roam earth in 20 years ?	Hong Kong customs authorities seize about four tons ivory Ivory ornaments and tusks came in two shipping containers from Africa Investigators also worked with Guangdong authorities in China
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  -- Clashes at Pakistan 's largest and busiest airport left more than 20 people dead after militants armed with grenades stormed into a cargo area Sunday . Violence erupted at Jinnah International Airport in Karachi around 11:30 p.m. Sunday and raged on for more than five hours as security forces fought off attackers , leaving some passengers trapped inside the airport . Officials at Jinnah Hospital said the dead included eight members of airport security forces , two Pakistan International Airlines employees and one ranger . All ten militants involved in the attack were killed , military spokesman Maj. Gen. Asim Bajwa said . Two of them detonated suicide vests , he said . The attack ended Monday morning , and the airport is under military control , he said . It was not immediately clear who the militants were or why they staged the assault . Clashes broke out after attackers armed with grenades stormed the airport through three entrances , said Ahmad Chinoy , director-general of the citizen 's police liaison committee . One militant blew himself up in front of an armored car , leaving some people inside the vehicle critically injured , Chinoy said . A plume of smoke rose over the airport as fires raged in at least two locations . Dozens of ambulances were lined up as police and military troops swarmed the area . A building caught fire in the attack , but no planes were damaged , Bajwa said . The airport 's cargo area is about a kilometer  0.62 miles  away from the area where commercial planes take off . Bajwa said the militants were contained in a maintenance area of the airport . "  All passengers in planes evacuated to safer places , " he said in a Twitter post during the clashes . "  Hunt for terrorists on . " Hours later , officials said the attack had ended and the airport was under the military 's control . All flights at the airport were canceled as the violence unfolded . In a Twitter post , Bajwa said the airport would be cleared to resume operations by midday . Several days ago , Pakistan 's government had warned provincial officials of a possible "  high-profile attack on a sensitive or key installation , " but the warning did not mention the airport , said Qaim Ali Shah , chief minister of Sindh province . Earlier Sunday , at least 22 people were killed in twin suicide bomb attacks in Taftan , Pakistan , near the country 's border with Iran . Quetta Police Commissioner Qambar Dashti said no one had claimed responsibility for those attacks , which hit a hotel housing Shia pilgrims . Pakistan Taliban ` master bomber ' gunned down amid deadly infighting Parts of Karachi shut down following party leader 's arrest in UK	NEW : Two militants detonated suicide vests at Karachi 's airport , a military spokesman says NEW : Militants were contained to a maintenance area at the airport , he says 21 people were killed , including 10 militants , officials say Fires rage at the airport in at least two locations ; ambulances line up outside
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- As rebel and pro-government forces in Libya maneuvered on the battlefield Wednesday , Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi urged U.S. President Barack Obama to end the NATO bombing of his war-torn country . Gadhafi made the appeal in a letter to the American president , a senior administration official said . But the official said there was "  nothing new " in the letter , the thrust of which was an appeal for an end to the alliance 's air operations . It contained no offers to negotiate or step down , and the official said the administration is n't taking the note seriously . Gadhafi asked Obama to stop the "  unjust war against a small people of a developing country " and said those in the opposition are terrorists and members of al Qaeda , the official said . "  We have been hurt more morally than physically because of what had happened against us in both deeds and words by you , " Gadhafi wrote , according to the official . "  Despite all this you will always remain our son . " The strongman expressed hope that Obama wins re-election next year , the official added . And he wrote that a democratic society can not be built through missiles and aircraft . "  You are a man who has enough courage to annul a wrong and mistaken action , " the leader wrote to the president . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the NATO strikes will stop when Gadhafi steps down and leaves the country . "  I do n't think there is any mystery about what is expected from Mr. Gadhafi at this time , " Clinton said . The letter came amid diplomatic , economic and military developments in Libya , which remains in a deadly stalemate as pro-Gadhafi forces battle opposition fighters demanding democracy and an end to Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year-rule . A British airstrike hit an oil field in the eastern Libyan town of Sarir on Wednesday , causing damage to a main pipeline , Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim told reporters . A tanker carrying crude oil left the eastern Libyan port of Tobruk on Wednesday in what was the first known export of oil by the fledgling opposition during the conflict , a sign of optimism for them . Rebel fighters and pro-Gadhafi forces have been pushing back and forth between al-Brega and Ajdabiya , while residents in the western city of Misrata are spending their days in fear . Also Wednesday , ex-U.S. Rep. Curt Weldon , who met with Gadhafi within the past decade , paid a visit to the Libyan capital with a cease-fire plan and a clear message to the embattled ruler that he must step down . Former U.S. Congressman Weldon says he will meet with Gadhafi Weldon , speaking in an interview with CNN affiliate WPIX-TV in New York , said he planned to meet with Gadhafi and Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim . "  It 's a very solemn time because there 's so much at risk here , " said Weldon , who led a congressional delegation to Libya in 2004 and is visiting Tripoli at Gadhafi 's invitation . Weldon is a Republican who represented a suburban Philadelphia district . "  I 'm here to tell him face to face it 's time for him to leave . It 's time for him to step down , allow the people to take over the government of this country . " In an opinion piece published Wednesday in The New York Times , Weldon said he is proposing a cease-fire , "  with the Libyan Army withdrawing from contested cities and rebel forces ending attempts to advance . " There 's been seesaw fighting between pro- and anti-Gadhafi troops between al-Brega and Ajdabiya , CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported . On Tuesday night , Gadhafi forces moved 40 kilometers  about 25 miles  from al-Brega to Ajdabiya , and then Wednesday , the rebels pushed them back 10 kilometers  six miles  . At one point , rebels let loose with barrage of rockets , and they were answered by artillery and mortars . Gadhafi paid U.S. firms to polish his image "  It moves back and forth , " Wedeman reported . A CNN team saw equipment the rebels did n't have before such as night-vision goggles and two Milan anti-tank missiles . Fighters said they obtained the missiles from the transitional government in Benghazi but did n't know their origin . Rebel leaders have criticized NATO 's mission to help protect civilians in recent days , saying residents in Misrata and elsewhere have suffered under horrific attacks from pro-Gadhafi forces with little evidence of NATO air power overhead . "  I am extremely sorry to say this , but NATO truly disappointed us , " Gen. Abdul Fatah Younis , the opposition 's top military official , said Tuesday . "  Civilians are being killed every day , including children , women and elderly . If NATO will wait another week , Misrata will be finished . No one will be left alive . Do they want to wait , and watch them die , and let this crime be a shameful disgrace for the international community forever ? " NATO Brig. Gen. Mark van Uhm said weather conditions and tactics by Gadhafi regime have hindered their efforts . In addition to using human shields and hiding equipment in populated areas , pro-Gadhafi forces have started abandoning heavy military equipment in favor of the same kinds of cars and light trucks the rebels travel in , making it difficult for pilots to distinguish rebel convoys from those carrying forces loyal to the regime , van Uhm said . Libyan opposition : Compromise with Gadhafi not an option NATO is operating under a Security Council resolution authorizing the use of force to protect Libyan civilians . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is "  deeply concerned about the deterioriating situation facing civilians in Libyan cities under military attack , " according to a statement . Conditions in Misrata are "  especially grave , " the statement said , "  with reports of the use of heavy weapons to attack the city , where the population is trapped and unable , as a result of heavy shelling that has continued over several weeks , to receive basic supplies , including clean water , food and medicines . " But residents in Misrata said this week that Gadhafi forces have trapped the city , with snipers shooting indiscriminately . Access to food has been hampered . "  Normal life is a luxury that we do n't have , " one resident said . "  I have n't taken my family out for four weeks now . All schools are closed , my children did n't go to school since the 19th of February . All government offices are closed . Even dead people are buried without death certificates . " After weeks of relentless fighting , a military victory for either side seems remote . A political or diplomatic solution might be the only way to end the crisis . Weldon said that in addition to his proposals for Gadhafi 's stepping down , a cease-fire on both sides and the withdrawal of government forces from key cities , he is calling for a halt in further advances by rebel forces ; the creation of a joint interim government run by Libya 's current prime minister and the opposition leader ; unfettered humanitarian access ; and the establishment of a parliamentary commission that would include U.S. , Middle Eastern , European and African politicians helping to establish a new parliament in Libya . Alleged Libyan rape victim thankful for support As for the Gadhafi family , Weldon 's proposals also suggest a possible title for Gadhafi as honorary chairman of the African Union and allowing his second-oldest son , Saif , to stand in elections . On the economic front , the tanker with crude oil that left Tobruk was sailing to Qatar , where the oil will be refined , CNN confirmed . Final destination of the export is not known at this time . The civil war in Libya has severely curtailed oil exports from the North African nation , which produced some 1.6 million barrels per day last year . This move symbolizes the opposition 's intent to manage the country 's affairs . The U.S. Treasury has frozen more than $ 32 billion in assets held by Gadhafi and members of his regime . Asked whether the opposition should be able to have access to those funds , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the United States "  is well aware there is an urgency , that the Transitional National Council does need funding if it 's to survive , and we 're looking at ways to assist that . " But Toner said he did not know the status of the $ 32 billion . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Reza Sayah , Ben Wedeman , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report	British airstrike hits oil field , Libyan official says Clinton says Gadhafi must step down for bombing to stop Gadhafi asks President Obama to stop NATO 's bombing Ex-U.S. Rep. Weldon to urge Gadhafi to step down , calls for cease-fire
CNN  -- UK police have arrested 660 suspected pedophiles -- including doctors , teachers and scout leaders -- in a six-month operation spanning the country , the National Crime Agency said Wednesday . The operation -- which targeted people accessing indecent images of children online -- involved 45 police forces across England , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland . More than 400 children across the United Kingdom have been protected from harm as a result , the National Crime Agency said in a statement . Thirty-nine of the suspects were registered sex offenders , the statement said , meaning the vast majority were not previously known to police . Their number also included social care workers and former police officers . The operation was kept under wraps until Wednesday to protect children and gather evidence against the accused , the statement said . The National Crime Agency is not revealing the methods used to track down the suspects because it hopes to deploy them again in the future . The charges brought so far range from possession of indecent images of children to serious sexual assault , it said . Many suspects have yet to be charged in the case . "  This is the first time the UK has had the capability to coordinate a single targeted operation of this nature , " said Phil Gormley , the agency 's deputy director general . "  Our aim was to protect children who were victims of , or might be at risk of , sexual exploitation . A child is victimized not only when they are abused and an image is taken . They are re-victimized every time that image is viewed by someone . " Some of those who start by looking at indecent images online go on to abuse children directly , he said , so arresting them now may prevent them from crossing that line . The operation comes amid wide public concern over the issue of sexual abuse of children in the United Kingdom . Children 's TV entertainer Rolf Harris was sentenced this month to five years and nine months in prison for a string of indecent assaults against women and girls . His trial came in the wake of shocking revelations of predatory sexual behavior by the late TV host Jimmy Savile against vulnerable children and adults . The publicity around those high-profile cases appears to have encouraged others to come forward with allegations of abuse . Chief Constable Simon Bailey said the majority of police forces in England and Wales are dealing with an "  unprecedented increase " in reports of sexual abuse of children . "  Forces are investigating exploitation of children and young people by groups and gangs , non-recent abuse including large-scale investigations into abuse in institutions over many years and sexual abuse by parents and family members , " he said . CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	A six-month UK-wide operation snares 660 suspected pedophiles , police say The operation targeted people accessing indecent images of children online Police say more than 400 children have been protected from harm as a result The operation comes amid public concern over the issue of sexual abuse of children
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A Niger Delta leader arrested in South Africa after a bombing in Nigeria will be held separately from other prisoners until a bail hearing next week , his lawyer said Tuesday . A judge in Johannesburg court ruled Tuesday that Henry Okah will have his bail hearing October 14 , said attorney Rudi Krause . "  The prosecution has indicated they plan to oppose his release on bail , but I am confident our application will be successful , " said Krause , who wanted Okah separated from the general prison population for his safety . Charged in South Africa under terrorism legislation , Okah is suspected of being a leader of the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , known as MEND , which took responsibility for the bombings that killed 12 and injured 50 in Nigeria 's capital , Abuja , on Friday . The bombings came as the West African country celebrated 50 years of independence . MEND issued a statement Saturday saying it had given the Nigerian government advance warning and blamed the government for the deaths . The Nigerian Intelligence Service said Monday that nine people have been arrested and they were being questioned in connection with the blasts . Authorities are still seeking two men , identified as Chima Orlu and Ben Jessy , whom they accuse of being the "  masterminds " of the plot . Sources close to MEND told CNN that the two men are "  not known to be MEND operatives or known to be active on the Niger Delta issue . " They also raised concerns about the nine other arrests , calling them an "  attempt by the Nigerian government to be seen to act . " Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has appointed Andrew Azazi , his former chief of defense staff , to be the country 's national security adviser in the wake of the bombings , Jonathan 's office told CNN on Monday . Jonathan later called the action a terrorist attack that was designed to "  disrupt " the anniversary , presidential spokesman Imo Niboro said . But he said it had nothing to do with Niger Delta issues or MEND . MEND , which represents militants in the oil-rich Niger Delta , is an umbrella organization of several rebel groups . It has been battling the government for years over fairer distribution of the country 's oil wealth . MEND said Okah had been harassed by authorities in South Africa , where he lives , but denied his involvement . "  Okah has never been involved in any MEND operations but has always been blamed for every attack , which is strange to us , " MEND 's statement said . MEND said the "  irresponsible attitude of the government security forces is to blame for the loss of lives . " "  The security forces were also warned one full hour to the first bomb blast ahead of the general alert sent to the media and told to steer the public from all parked cars which was not done , " the group said in a statement . CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	NEW : Henry Okah to be apart from other prisoners until bail hearing MEND , which claims responsibility , says it gave the government notice of bombings The president says the attack was an attempt to disrupt independence celebrations
Tianjin , China  CNN  -- In a gleaming classroom at Chong Hua High School in the northern Chinese city of Tianjin , students peer at onion slices under microscopes . Their biology teacher calls on Abdurrahman Mamat to explain what he sees . "  Plasmolysis , " he replies in perfect Mandarin . Mamat is Uyghur , a mostly Muslim minority from China 's far-west Xinjiang region , and he is thousands of miles from home . How he ended up in this mostly Han Chinese school is the largely untold story of a grand Communist Party experiment . For more than a decade , the Chinese government has selected tens of thousands of top minority students from Xinjiang and placed them in high schools in eastern China -- the heartland of the Han , the country 's biggest ethnic group . They call it the "  Xinjiang Class . " "  Eastern China is more developed than Xinjiang and we get to enjoy better educational resources here , " says Mamat , closely watched by government minders . Mamat 's journey to Chong Hua High took a well-traveled route . He was born in the ancient city of Kashgar in southern Xinjiang . Mamat showed academic promise and was shipped to Xinjiang 's capital Urumqi for middle school . After passing a strict entrance exam Mamat joined the Xinjiang class . First time away from home But he had to look up Tianjin on the Internet to find out where he was going . It was his first time out of Xinjiang . "  At first I was n't used to the weather , the schedule and eating habits , but the teachers helped us adapt , " he says . Uyghurs ' religion , culture and Turkic language separate them from the millions of Han Chinese who have been encouraged by the state to migrate to Xinjiang , helping to exacerbate ethnic tensions in this restive region . In 2009 , that tension boiled over with deadly ethnic riots between Han Chinese and Uyghurs that spilled out onto the streets of Urumqi . And in recent months , China has been rocked by a series of attacks that the government in Beijing blames on Uyghur separatists . For a Party touting a "  harmonious society , " this is deeply embarrassing . The dean of Chong Hua 's minority students claims that their program has nothing to do with those "  thugs . " "  We are just building future talent , " says Li Zhenchong . Political purpose ? But from its inception , the Xinjiang class had an overtly political purpose . Education Ministry documents repeatedly call on the program to educate minority students to "  defend the unity of China " and "  safeguard national security . " "  We are not just educating them , we are cultivating their love for the country , " Li admits . The same could be said for any classroom in Communist China , but for the Xinjiang class , the political indoctrination appears to take on a special urgency . "  The political goal is to try and create a patriotic ethnic minority cadre pool that will hopefully go back to Xinjiang and serve the Party state , " says Professor James Leibold , a political scientist at Australia 's Latrobe University . He says the Party could be failing . "  On the ideological front it has n't succeeded . What we 've seen is actually students who participate and graduate at these programs tend to feel more Uyghur than they do Chinese when they come out . " Long-term studies , like those conducted by Timothy Grose , a specialist in Uyghur studies at the Indiana-based Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology seem to back that up . Grose followed graduates from the Xinjiang class for years and found that they did n't internalize Communist Party ideals . In particular , they appeared to become more religious , not less , despite or perhaps because of the ban on prayer in the program . At Chong Hua , minority students live together in dorm rooms , they eat in separate Halal cafeterias and often end up forming their own soccer teams . The school insists there is no division amongst the students . For Mamat , the Xinjiang Class is the only opportunity to get a strong education and he says he wants to go to college and then back to his home to develop the region . "  This is a really good policy provided by the Party , I am honored to be a part of it , " he says . Q&A : Xinjiang and tensions in China 's far west CNN 's Serena Dong contributed to this report .	Mamat is Uyghur , just one of many from China 's ethnic minorities studying far from home Many have been placed by the government in eastern China , the heartland of the majority Han At the same time , many Han have been encouraged to moved to Xinjiang , where Uyghurs are from This has created tensions that have frequently erupted into violent clashes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Call it a love affair so far between Barack Obama and the American people . President-elect Barack Obama is on vacation in Hawaii after appointing his Cabinet in record time . More than eight in 10 , or 82 percent , of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Wednesday approve of the way Obama is handling his presidential transition . That approval is up 3 percentage points from when CNN asked the same question at the beginning of December . Fifteen percent of those surveyed disapprove of the way the president-elect is handling his transition , down 3 points from the last poll . Obama 's approval is higher than George W. Bush eight years ago . Bush had a 65 percent approval rating during his transition , and Bill Clinton was at 67 percent in 1992 . "  Barack Obama is having a better honeymoon with the American public than any incoming president in the past three decades . He 's putting up better numbers , usually by double digits , than Bill Clinton , Ronald Reagan or either George Bush on every item traditionally measured in transition polls , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . The poll also suggests that the public approves of the president-elect 's Cabinet nominees , with 56 percent of those questioned saying his appointments have been outstanding or above average . Thirty-two percent said they feel the picks have been average , and 11 percent said Obama 's choices have been below average or poor . That 56 percent figure is 18 percentage points higher than those who said Bush 's Cabinet appointments were outstanding or above average and 26 points higher than those who felt the same way about Clinton 's nominees . Watch how the economy is the top issue on voters ' minds " "  Obama walks in with nearly twice the support on the economy that President-elect Clinton had in January 1993 , and he beats Ronald Reagan as well , " Holland adds . A third said that their impression of Obama has gotten better since the election , with 8 percent saying their opinion has gotten worse . "  The bad news for Obama : History shows that presidents usually start to lose support once they assume office and start making the tough decisions . But with eight in 10 currently approving of Obama , he can give away 20 or 30 points and still have a majority of the country on his side . That 's a reservoir of good will that may help him get things done in his first few months on the job , " Holland said . Watch whether Obama can fix the economy " The CNN/Opinion Research poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , with 1,013 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .	Poll : More than eight in 10 approve of how Barack Obama is handling transition Obama has higher ratings than Bill Clinton or Ronald Reagan did at same time Poll : Fifty-six percent say Obama 's Cabinet picks are outstanding or above average
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama took his case for attacking Syria overseas and gained some momentum in the Senate , but his deputies faced another line of tough questioning from lawmakers about military involvement and Russia cautioned about unilateral U.S. action and sought to influence the political process in Washington . Here are five things we learned from Wednesday 's developments on Syria : 1  ` The world set a red line ' Obama headed for the G-20 summit by first stopping in Sweden where he directed his pitch for military action against Syria to the world leaders he will soon meet in Russia . The president challenged other nations to join him in upholding global treaties banning the use of chemical weapons , saying the red line he drew on that issue more than a year ago should be recognized globally , not just by him . Inaction on Syria , he said , "  becomes more dangerous not only for those people who are subjected to these horrible crimes , but to all of humanity . " Secretary of State John Kerry said there are a number of countries that have indicated they would support some action against Syria if they believe the allegations are true . Senate panel backs strike plan 2  No escalation of conflict On Tuesday , members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee made it clear they wanted no ground forces to be part of any military action in Syria . On Wednesday , their House counterparts grilled Kerry , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey at a hearing on the potential for any U.S. military strike to escalate the Syrian conflict and require additional American involvement . Kerry stressed the limited nature of the proposed mission to degrade Bashar al-Assad 's ability to deliver chemical agents . But Dempsey , on multiple occasions , had to say there were no guarantees . "  I can never drive the risk of escalation to zero , " Dempsey said , though adding that the limited scope of the strike and the U.S. partnerships in the region "  limit that risk . " 3  Momentum for military action The Senate Foreign Relations Committee gave Obama some momentum on proposed military action in Syria , but not before rewriting his plan . The panel voted 10-7 to move ahead with a punitive strike with Ed Markey -- Kerry 's replacement in the Senate from Massachusetts -- not taking a position . The committee set a 60-day deadline for use of force , with an option for an additional 30 days . An amendment accepted by the panel from Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Democratic Sen. Christopher Coons of Delaware added language to say the military response was intended to reverse al-Assad 's battlefield momentum , a stronger objective than the one being pushed by the administration . The White House commended senators for swift action with polls showing that a majority of Americans oppose a U.S. military strike . Kerry told one House lawmaker that he expects Obama to address the nation on military action . Many members of Congress have been calling on Obama to make his case directly to the public . 4  Putin weighs in , Russia to lobby Congress Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday in an interview that he "  does n't exclude " backing a U.N. resolution for military action , though only if there is irrefutable proof Syria 's government is behind the latest attack . Samples taken by U.N. inspectors at that site were due at the world body 's laboratories this week and will be tested "  strictly according to internationally recognized standards , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . Putin also said , in the same interview with Russia 's state Channel 1 television and The Associated Press , that it would be "  absurd " for al-Assad 's forces to use chemical weapons when they have the upper hand over rebel fighters . The Syrian government not only has denied waging chemical weapon attacks , it has accused opposition fighters -- whom it routinely refers to as "  terrorists " -- of using them . A new wrinkle in the lobbying equation is Russia , which said it sent an official request to meet with congressional leaders to discuss Syria . A spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner told CNN that he would not meet with the Russian delegation . What 's the evidence ? 5  The political calculation So far , the politics of seeking congressional approval have favored bipartisanship even though it 's far from certain whether Obama 's wish for military action will be approved . The Senate Foreign Relations Committee plan was put together and approved across party lines , and in the House , the reception for Obama lieutenants at a hearing on Wednesday was respectful . The only sharp exchange centered around last year 's Benghazi terror attack -- not Syria . A White House statement on the Senate committee action said America is stronger when "  the president and Congress work together " and promised to "  build on this bipartisan support " for limited military action . This follows statements on Tuesday by top leaders of the Republican-dominated House in support of Obama 's drive for military action . Of the congressional leadership , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is alone in not supporting Obama 's call for military strikes . He says he 's still undecided . Most criticism or concern from Capitol Hill has so far centered around the wisdom of the mission or aspects of how it would be carried out . There was , however , one pointed criticism of Obama on Wednesday by House Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Ed Royce , who said the president 's policy on Syria has been adrift for two years . Though , he followed up by saying there were "  no easy answers " on Syria . How will Senate vote ? How will House vote ? Ashley Killough , Tom Cohen , John King , and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	Obama says the "  red line " on Syria should reflect a global commitment to deter chemical weapons House members grill Obama deputies on risk military action will escalate Syrian conflict Senate committee gives Obama momentum by rewriting and approving plan for military strike Putin says U.N. should decide , but Russia plans to lobby Congress
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai was in stable condition and recovering from head injuries Friday night after a car wreck that killed his wife , Susan , medical sources told CNN . Tsvangirai and his wife , Susan , were en route to the prime minister 's hometown of Buhera . The crash , on a busy two-lane highway between Tsvangirai 's hometown of Buhera and the capital city of Harare , comes just weeks after the start of a power-sharing agreement between Tsvangirai and his political rival , President Robert Mugabe . Analysts say the crash is bound to raise suspicion of foul play , with one former U.S. diplomat calling for an outside investigation , saying it is not the first time that a political foe of Mugabe has been killed or injured in a car crash . Members of Tsvangirai 's political party , the Movement for Democratic Change , said Friday that it was too early to tell whether the crash is anything other than an accident . Tsvangirai 's aide and driver also were injured in the head-on collision with a large truck , according to his spokesman , James Maridadi . Movement for Democratic Change spokesman Nelson Chamisa said he spoke to Tsvangirai at the hospital , and the party leader was in "  relatively stable " condition . An MDC spokesman describes ` critical ' accident " Sources at The Avenues Clinic in Harare said that Tsvangirai was in stable condition with minor head injuries and that the prime minister was alert and talking . One source said the attending doctor had told him of his wife 's death . Another said that doctors were planning to keep Tsvangirai overnight for observation and that specialists were checking his condition . Tsvangirai , Zimbabwe 's main opposition leader , took office last month under a power-sharing deal with Mugabe after a contentious election . Tsvangirai 's MDC reached the power-sharing agreement with Mugabe in September after months of angry dispute that included violence . More than 200 deaths , mainly those of opposition supporters , were reported leading up to and in the aftermath of the election . "  I 'm skeptical about any motor vehicle accident in Zimbabwe involving an opposition figure , " said Tom McDonald , the U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe from 1997 to 2001 . "  President Mugabe has a history of strange car accidents when someone lo and behold dies -- it 's sort of his M.O. of how they get rid of people they do n't like . " Watch more on the fatal crash " McDonald cited the 2001 death of Defense Minister Moven Mahachi , Employment Minister Border Gezi 's death in 1999 and the death last year of Elliot Manyika , a government minister and former regional governor . All three died in car crashes . "  This is several , " McDonald said . "  So , when I hear that Tsvangirai was in an accident , it gives me pause . " McDonald , now an attorney with the Washington law firm Baker Hostetler , urged a full investigation by outside authorities . One analyst who studies the region said the collision could "  exacerbate " the fragile unity government . "  There will undoubtedly be suspicions about the cause of the crash and whether there was foul play involved , " said Jennifer Cooke , director of the Africa Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . "  At a time when there needs to be confidence-building measures , this incident potentially raises suspicions and undermines the potential for greater cohesion of the government . -LSB- There is -RSB- huge potential for the agreement to be manipulated by Mugabe . " McDonald , however , was quick to say that traffic accidents are common in Zimbabwe . The highway on which Tsvangirai was traveling is a two-lane road where tractor-trailers are common , vehicles in the country are often in bad shape and drivers often are inexperienced , he said . "  It 's certainly plausible that this was just one of those tragic things , " he said . The collision occurred on the Harare-Masvingo Road as Tsvangirai and his wife headed to his hometown of Buhera , south of the capital , Harare , his spokesman said . The couple , who were married in 1978 , have six children , according to the British Broadcasting Corporation . Last month , Susan Tsvangirai told a BBC affiliate that the past decade had been an "  endurance test " for her husband and his MDC colleagues . "  People went through hell , but they stuck to their ideals to seek change through democratic means , " she said . "  This was a struggle that we endured with MDC cadres , activists , supporters and peace-loving Zimbabweans . "  To them I say thank you so much for the support they gave the MDC to reach this momentous period . " A former miner and union organizer , Morgan Tsvangirai first ran for president in 2002 against Mugabe , who has been the country 's leader since it gained independence from Great Britain in 1980 . Since then , Tsvangirai has been charged with treason twice and accused of plotting to assassinate Mugabe . Tsvangirai was arrested and allegedly beaten in 2007 . The criminal charges against him were dropped . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse , Alan Silverleib and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai in stable condition , sources say Analyst : Crash could exacerbate fragile unity government with President Mugabe Head-on collision bound to raise suspicion of foul play , analysts say Ex-U.S. diplomat says other Mugabe foes have died in car crashes
Two al Qaeda gunmen tried to kidnap two U.S. Embassy employees in Yemen last month but were shot and killed by one of the Americans , a Yemeni government official told CNN on Saturday . The attempted kidnapping was carried out by two armed men with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  on April 24 , and the fatal shooting occurred near a Yemeni barbershop "  where many foreigners and diplomats go to get their hair cut , " the Yemeni official said . The two U.S. Embassy personnel , however , were apparently wayward and should n't have been at the barbershop , the official said . "  These individuals violated security protocol , " the Yemeni official said . "  U.S. Embassy personnel are not allowed to leave their secure facilities . The American who shot the kidnappers had a gun permit and was authorized to carry a gun . The two armed kidnappers were AQAP militants . They were n't unarmed civilians . " Marie Harf , deputy spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department , said in a statement : "  We can confirm that , last month , two U.S. Embassy officers in Yemen fired their weapons after being confronted by armed individuals in an attempted kidnapping at a small commercial business in Sa'ana . Two of the armed individuals were killed . The Embassy officers are no longer in Yemen . " Two Yemeni national security officials told CNN the plot against the Embassy is bigger than initially believed . The revelation of the incident comes after the U.S. Embassy in Yemen was indefinitely shuttered Wednesday amid security concerns and as fighting between security forces and AQAP intensifies , including in the capital , Sanaa . Just days before the alleged abduction attempt , a joint U.S.-Yemeni operation was being carried out against AQAP in the Abyan and Shabwa regions of Yemen , but authorities did not disclose whether drones were used in the strikes . The use of the unmanned drones has stirred controversy due to the accidental killings of civilians in some cases , a high-level Yemeni official said at the time . On Saturday , a top Yemen Interior Ministry official said the U.S. government had been considering closing the embassy two weeks ago , as attacks on foreigners intensified . The violence at the barbershop -- as well as violence against other foreigners in the past six weeks -- eventually convinced the Americans to close down the U.S. Embassy this past week , the official said . Meanwhile , the Yemen Defense Ministry announced that seven more AQAP fighters were killed Saturday in the southern province of Shabwa during clashes with security forces . Of all al Qaeda-affiliated networks worldwide , AQAP is considered the most dangerous threat to Americans . Meanwhile , the Yemeni government Thursday expelled U.S. freelance journalist Adam Baron on accusations that "  there was an issue with his documentation , " the Committee to Protect Journalists said . On Twitter , Baron said the only official explanation for his deportation was he 's "  no longer welcome in Yemen . " He 's written for the Christian Science Monitor and McClatchy and has lived in the Yemen capital since January 2011 , his website says . A second U.S. freelancer , Tik Root , was denied entry Thursday into Yemen after flying to Sanaa from Istanbul because , an unidentified Yemeni official told CPJ , he lacked a journalist visa . A Yemeni national security source said Saturday that two American journalists were recently barred because they are a high target for kidnapping with their continuous movements . The source also cited the growing AQAP attacks in Sanaa . At least seven journalists were abducted last year in Yemen , CPR said . Al Qaeda-linked militants killed by Yemeni security forces	One U.S. journalist is expelled from Yemen , and another is denied entry Two al Qaeda suspects tried to abduct the U.S. Embassy workers The embassy personnel were at a barbershop One of the Americans had a gun and killed both assailants
CNN  -- Diners flock to restaurants for the food , but they sometimes return for the eye candy . Many restaurants have swapped the utilitarian server uniform of television 's "  Alice " for khaki pants , polo shirts and , on occasion , pin-on "  flair . " But some have upped the ante with '50s poodle skirts , German dirndls and hula skirts . Chicagoans have their retro-kitschy clad Ed Debevic 's servers , and Las Vegas visitors gawk at Playboy Club waitresses in Roberto Cavalli 's reimagined Bunny suits at the Palms . The following eight restaurants have used wacky wardrobes to stretch their theme . Whether they 're conjuring another era , an exotic locale or just accentuating a body part , these outrageously clad waiters and waitresses have long kept diners feasting with their eyes . Barbershop quartet singers at Farrell 's Ice Cream Parlour Restaurants Once wildly popular in the malls of the Midwest , Farrell 's relived the Gay '90s with a staff dressed in vests , shirt garters and Styrofoam "  straw " hats . While Farrell 's all but disappeared from America in the past decade , it staged a comeback in 2009 and now has four parlors in California and Hawaii . Aliens at Mars 2112 New York 's Mars 2112 takes diners on an out-of-this-world journey to -- you guessed it -- Mars . Empress Glorianna , Captain Orion and QTP are among the Martian characters delivering space-themed hijinks along with Mars-tinis and Promethean Pork Chops in this cavernous outpost near New York 's Times Square . Stripers at Hot Dog on a Stick Retro is all the rage at Hot Dog on a Stick , where the red , white , blue and yellow striped hats are nearly the same as when the company launched as a beach-side lemonade stand in Santa Monica , California , in 1946 . The vertical stripe look is so iconic , it served as a disguise for undercover angels Lucy Liu and Drew Barrymore in 2003 's "  Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle . " Assassins at Ninja New York Ninjas do the serving at the Japanese concept restaurant Ninja New York . But considering these martial artists were renowned for their silent and deadly poisoning skills , it seems a counterintuitive choice for waitstaff attire . Sexy nurses at Heart Attack Grill If the cholesterol-laden fare does n't bring you to your knees at the Heart Attack Grill , the servers ' uniforms just might . Ultra-skimpy nurse outfits are the costume of choice for waitresses at this restaurant . With outposts in Arizona and Florida , the obese eat free .  No joke ; weigh more than 350 pounds , and you 'll get a free meal . Wenches at Medieval Times There are no "  waitresses " at Medieval Times . Instead , spit-roasted chicken and cider are delivered by 11th-century wenches in outfits that would be right at home in an episode of "  Xena : Warrior Princess . " Sunbathers at Cowgirl Espresso At Seattle 's Cowgirl Espresso , you can get your half-caff skinny latte from an even slimmer barista wearing a barely there getup . Theme days at these bikini coffee stands include School Girl Thursdays , Fantasy Fridays and Military Mondays , ensuring these coffee chicks keep things piping hot . Asset enhancers at aka hot pants and tight T 's ; Hooters Any costumed-server roundup would be remiss if it did n't acknowledge a chain that hinged an entire business model on orange hot pants . People say they patronize Hooters for the wings , but everyone knows they flock there for the servers ' tight T-shirts , orange short shorts and Spandex hose . They even expanded the model for a brief time to 30,000 feet , with the short-lived Hooters Air . Delightfully tacky , as their motto goes , yet unrefined .	Some restaurants dish up plenty of taste and the sight of their servers in wild costumes An assassin might serve you at Ninja New York , or Captain Orion at Mars 2112 Wenches work in Medieval Times , while naughty nurses serve at Heart Attack Grill
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- Norway paid tribute Friday to those killed and wounded in two terror attacks a week ago with a somber memorial service in Oslo organized by the youth movement of the ruling Labour Party . As the service began , Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg recalled the scores of young people lost to a "  cold-blooded massacre . " Police raised the death toll from 76 to 77 Friday after one of the wounded died . The shooter targeted the party 's youth camp on Utoya Island , where it was holding a summer camp , after setting off a bomb that struck government offices in downtown Oslo . "  The shots hit our young people but they actually hurt the whole nation , " Stoltenberg told relatives of the victims and political leaders attending the service . "  It was a vicious attack on all our common values . " The prime minister urged young Norwegians not to feel alone as they struggled to come to terms with what happened , saying the party would support them . "  Out of our grief a much stronger unity will arise , " he said . "  We are going to honor and celebrate our heroes -- but most of all we are going stay true to our ideas and our values . " Workers Youth League leader Eskil Pedersen , who was on Utoya during the shootings , vowed that the youth movement would return to the island where it has held political summer camps every year for decades . "  Today , we promise that July 22 next year we will be back at Utoya , " he said . "  We will forever be the generation of July 22 . That is a great responsibility , " he added . "  This is a watershed , a new start and beginning of something lasting and important . " The first funerals for victims of the attacks took place Friday , for Bano Rashid , 18 , and Ismail Haji Ahmed , 19 . Rashid , who was laid to rest in a Christian and Muslim ceremony , was reported to be a Kurd who came to Norway with her family in 1996 after fleeing Iraq . Flags on government buildings were flown Friday at half-staff . Meanwhile , Anders Behring Breivik , the suspect , was interrogated for a second time Friday , police said . Investigators had interviewed him a day after the attacks , but had more questions , police attorney Pal-Frederick Hjort Kraby said . Breivik is being kept in solitary confinement at Ila Prison , near Oslo , which held prisoners of the Nazis during World War II . His sole contacts are with his lawyer and prison staffers who take food to him , Kraby said . Breivik has admitted carrying out the bombing in Oslo , in which eight people died , and the shootings on Utoya , his lawyer and a judge have said . He has also pleaded not guilty . Police said Thursday that the search in the water around the island was ongoing . More than 50 investigators remained on the island and will likely be there for several more weeks , officials said . On Friday , authorities completed the identification of the dead , releasing the names of all 77 . Their ages ranged from 14 to 61 with an average age of 21 . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Youth leader vows that the Labour Party 's youth movement will return to Utoya A memorial service for victims of the attacks takes place in Oslo The first two funerals , both for teenagers , are held Anders Behring Breivik was questioned by police
Wednesday was a dark day for the future of books . The Department of Justice charged Apple and five large book publishers with conspiring to raise e-book prices . Three of the five publishers quickly capitulated rather than face the risk and expense of a protracted legal battle . Much of the case revolves around the decision of five of the largest six publishers to simultaneously adopt the agency pricing model immediately before Apple launched the iPad and iBookstore in April 2010 . At that time , Amazon commanded about 90 % of the e-book market . Amazon priced many books at $ 9.99 -- which was below the cost at which Amazon was paying the publisher -- in an effort to drive e-book adoption among consumers and capture market share . Publishers balked at Amazon 's strategy out of concern that low prices could cannibalize their print sales , set unrealistic expectations in the minds of consumers , and lead Amazon to demand e-book price concessions from publishers . When Steve Jobs offered Apple 's proposed agency pricing model to publishers , large publishers welcomed Apple 's market entry because they wanted a strong counterbalance to Amazon 's market dominance . Under the agency model , publishers set the prices and retailers do n't discount . Critics of the agency model viewed it as an attempt to raise e-book prices . They believe retailer discounting serves an important public service . I see it differently . While I 'm a big fan of discounting and price competition , I think the responsibility for pricing decisions should rest with authors and publishers . If they price fairly and competitively , customers will reward them . If they price too high , customers will migrate to lower-cost books . Most important , the agency pricing model levels the playing field for e-book retailers . It prevents deep-pocketed retailers or device makers from engaging in predatory price wars to harm competitors or discourage formation of new competitors . It would enable the marketplace to support more retailers , which would mean more bookstores promoting the joys of reading to more readers . And it would force retailers to compete on customer experience rather than price . Customers are best served when we have a vibrant e-book retailing ecosystem . For authors and publishers , the agency model provides them with greater control over the timing of their promotions and higher per-unit earnings of 70 % of the list price as opposed to 50 % for the conventional wholesale pricing model . It allows publishers to price their books lower -- to the benefit of customers -- and yet earn the same or greater profit . There 's already indication that some publishers and authors who use the agency model are dropping prices as they compete for customers . At my company , where we distribute over 100,000 e-books on behalf of 40,000 self-published authors and small publishers , the average price of our books is about $ 3.41 , a drop of 25 % over the last 18 months . If the Justice Department prevails with its antitrust lawsuit , the decision might have unintended negative consequences for those who write , publish , sell and enjoy e-books . The government 's intention to protect consumers could end up backfiring on consumers by harming retailers , authors and publishers . It could inadvertently hasten the downfall of the world 's largest book publishers by forcing them to comply with onerous conditions outlined in the Justice Department 's Competitive Impact Statement . These conditions -- including restrictions on collaboration with fellow publishers and increased federal auditing and reporting requirements -- will increase publisher expenses and slow their business decisions at the very time when publishers need to become faster , nimbler competitors . I 'm not normally a defender of big publishers . They price their books too high , while most of their authors earn poverty wages . They take 12 to 18 months to publish a book -- an anachronism in today 's world of instant self-publishing . They often reject talented writers who do n't offer the celebrity platforms of more marketable "  authors " such as Snooki or Justin Bieber . Despite the mistakes of the largest publishers , I do n't want them to go away . I want them to thrive by becoming more responsive to their customers and authors . Unfortunately , the self-inflicted wounds of large publishers have already begun to render their businesses less relevant to the future of publishing . Authors are beginning to turn their backs on traditional publishers in favor of self-publishing . Authors are now hiring their own editors , cover designers and marketing consultants . By assuming responsibility for the roles once played by publishers , authors are earning up to 70 % of the list price as their e-book royalty versus the 17.5 % paid by traditional publishers . They 're publishing low-cost e-books that are hitting all the bestseller lists . The all-important access to distribution -- once exclusively controlled by publishers -- is now available to all self-publishing authors . The next time you see an overpriced e-book , blame the publisher but not the agency pricing model .	The Justice Department filed an antitrust lawsuit against Apple and five publishers Coker : Government 's intention to protect consumers could end up harming consumers He says threat to the agency pricing model hurts retailers , authors and publishers Coker : Pricing decisions should rest with authors and publishers rather than retailers
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Police tightened security Wednesday in India 's Punjab for the funeral of a preacher whose killing in Vienna , Austria sparked violent protests in the Sikh majority state last week . The body of Rama Sand lies in state in Vienna before being transported to India . Top-ranking officers are camping in Jalandhar district , where Rama Nand will be cremated Thursday , said Parag Jain , Punjab 's inspector-general of police . "  Security arrangements are elaborate , " he told CNN . Nand 's body is due to arrive from Vienna early Thursday in Sachkhand Ballan , a monastery dedicated to Guru Ravidass , a 14th-century low-caste Hindu spiritual figure . Guru Ravidass ' writings are predominantly found in the primary Sikh scriptures called the Guru Granth Sahib , placed in the sect temples as in the Sikh houses of worship . Sect head Niranjan Dass , who was injured in the Vienna assault , will also be arriving Thursday , Sachkhand Ballan secretary S.R. Heer said . The sikh guru 's death led to widespread violence across the Punjab region , which resulted in the army and federal security forces being called in to restore order . Thousands took part in demonstrations across the Doaba region , where protesters attacked public transportation , knocking out train service in some areas . They also blocked a national highway to Jammu , CNN sister network CNN-IBN reported . A number of businesses were ransacked as well . Police reported one death . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , himself a Sikh , appealed for calm , in a statement . "  There is no place for violence in a secular society like India 's and certainly no excuse whatsoever for the violation of the sacred premises of a  Sikh temple  for narrow sectarian or other purposes , " India 's Ministry of External Affairs said in a statement .	Tensions ease in Punjab after widespread violence over Sikh guru 's death Sant Rama Nand shot dead in temple in Vienna , Austria ; another guru wounded Nand 's body is due to arrive from Vienna early Thursday
CNN  -- Q : Sgt. Robert Bales has been accused of killing 16 Afghan civilians . He served three tours in Iraq before this and his lawyer says he may have been suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder or a traumatic brain injury . What 's the link between violence and those disorders ? A : Psychiatrists understand some types of aberrant behavior pretty well and can do things to help resolve it . But , unfortunately , in other instances -- and often the most interesting ones -- we can only mumble generalities that require no special expertise and that offer no hope for a diagnosis or treatment . Take the case of U.S. Army Sgt. Robert Bales , accused of massacring 16 Afghan men , women and children while they slept unprotected in their village . The first thing a psychiatrist would want to know is whether the person who committed such a heinous act was psychotic at that time , meaning out of touch with agreed-upon human reality . Did he perform the killings as a result of deeply held false beliefs or in response to hearing voices commanding him to act ? If yes , then although the tragedy remains , the psychiatric mystery is solved . But at this point , although Bales has reportedly told his lawyer he remembers nothing about the night of the massacre , there is no evidence he was psychotic immediately before the killing spree . Nor do we have any evidence at this point that the killings were motivated by some larger political purpose , which might also explain , but certainly not justify , them . So why would someone who had appeared normal to everyone around him suddenly commit such a hideous act ? Army reviewing PTSD evaluation program Much has been made in the media about the fact that Bales was on his fourth deployment . Moreover , he had suffered mild traumatic brain injury in Iraq . Traumatic brain injury can cause a wide range of mental difficulties , from poor decision making and memory to increases in impulsive behavior , irritability , depression and personality change . So how likely is it that Bales ' traumatic brain injury explains the accusation that he massacred 16 Afghan villagers ? The answer is : not very likely . Why ? Consider , as alternative possible explanation , mania . Mania is often characterized by the sudden onset of bizarre , agitated behavior in public and it is not necessarily related to traumatic brain injury . Traumatic brain injury almost never causes otherwise solid citizens to ruthlessly massacre men , women and children . Thousands upon thousands of people develop severe manic episodes every year . Thousands upon thousands of service men and women have been multiply deployed and have suffered various levels of traumatic brain injury , and yet there is only one Bales . That is why it does n't fit very well . Mass murder is just about as rare in people with brain damage as in people without brain damage . Note that I said "  just about . " In fact , organic brain damage can be a cause of mass violence . Probably the most classic example of this in American history was the case of Charles Whitman , who went on a shooting spree from atop the University of Texas tower that resulted in the death of 16 people . Although he was under multiple stressors at the time of the incident , he was found to have a brain tumor in the "  rage area " of his brain  i.e. the amygdala  upon autopsy . In the case of Bales , if he is guilty of the massacre , his actions may eventually be found to be related to a clearly causative organic factor . But my clinical experience tells me not to bet on this . It happens , but pretty rarely . When people behave in unexpected ways for no good reason , it often turns out that when the full story of their lives is understood , the behavior no longer appears as unexpected . That which is neither clearly linked to either a medical or psychiatric illness is very likely intertwined in a person 's longstanding personality . So , I suspect that if 100 psychiatrists were told that a previously normal service person massacred 16 civilians and was neither medically impaired nor psychotic , the majority of them would immediately suspect that the person in question might not have been as normal across his life as initial reports suggested . In fact , as more comes out about Bales this appears to be the case . It now appears that he was involved in fraudulent business dealings . What makes the case so strange , however , are the multiple contrasting reports of his remarkably caring and selfless behavior on numerous occasions and his status as something of a small town hero . I seem to end many of my CNNhealth pieces with some type of comment about how unsatisfying our current level of psychiatric understanding is . This pieces , alas , is no different in this regard . Frankly , at this point nothing in Bales ' actions makes psychiatric sense . On the other hand , how many highly admired , hard-working , patriotic , caring small-town heroes are embroiled in financial fraud or may have other dark behaviors in their backgrounds ? Maybe the fact that Bales himself may not make sense is the best place for us to start in our understanding of the horrible events in Afghanistan .	A lawyer for Sgt. Robert Bales says the soldier may have been suffering from TBI , PTSD Sometimes our understanding of psychiatry is unsatisfying , Dr. Charles Raison says Raison : The backstory to someone 's life is just as important as the current situation
London  CNN  -- Shopping is a serious business in London whatever the season -- but it does n't get much more serious than this time of year . The UK capital 's January sales sees throngs of dedicated shopaholics cram its countless department stores , quirky boutiques and market stalls , keen to get their hands on the latest fashion trends and product offers . But it 's not just domestic spend that 's keeping the tills ringing in London . While the vibrant city 's high-end stores are no strangers to overseas visitors , with those from the Middle East typically spending the most , a surprising new contender has emerged in recent times as a big spender in the international market -- Nigeria . "  Africa is growing from strength to strength and particularly in the last 12 to 18 months we 've seen Nigeria come through incredibly strongly , " explains Sue West , director of operations at up-market London department store Selfridges . "  It is a very broad base so we still very much have a strong Chinese base , a strong Middle East base , Russia is there , the BRICs nations as you imagine , but Nigeria seems to be coming through very strongly at the moment as well , " she adds . Read : Web savvy Africans fuel growth in online shopping The former British colony is Africa 's most populous nation as well as the continent 's top oil producer . According to African Economic Outlook  AEO  , Nigeria 's economic growth has averaged about 7.4 % annually over the past decade , creating a wealthier Nigerian elite with a large spending power . At the same time , however , AEO says that robust economic growth has not reduced poverty in the country , with about two thirds of its population living on less than $ 1 per day . Home to a large African diaspora , the UK is a popular travel destination for Nigerians visiting friends and relatives , going on holidays or conducting business . Daily flights between Nigeria and the UK have increased in recent years , with airlines such as British Airways allowing Nigerian customers an additional 23kg of baggage free of charge . Read : Private jets spread their wings in Africa According to the UK 's Office for National Statistics , some 142,000 Nigerians visited the UK in 2011 , spending an average Â # 107  $ 172  per day . From January to September last year , Nigeria 's tax-free spend in the UK grew by 11 % year on year , according to tourism services provider Global Blue . The trend has not gone unnoticed by UK retailers , some of which have responded by tailoring their offerings to their growing Nigerian customer base . "  More recently we 're starting to introduce a lot more niche brands , " says West . "  We 've worked in collaboration with some very popular Nigerian brands , " she adds . "  I think it 's not only important to demonstrate we can bring the big brands such as Louis Vuiton and Chanel , but we can also really appeal to more of a niche market too . " Read also : Rise of Africa 's ` repats ' One such collaboration helping Selfridges further engage with its growing number of Nigerian customers is its recent team-up with Style House Files . The Lagos-based fashion company has just opened an installation inside Selfridges , giving Nigerian designers a chance to widen their market and showcase their creations outside the West African country . Omoyemi Akerele , director of Style House Files , says that Nigeria is an emerging market , with Nigerians are among the five biggest spenders at the department store . Akerele argues the collaboration is a win-win situation for both parties . "  This will give our designers a platform , an opportunity for their pieces to be in Selfridges , that 's a dream come true , " says Akerele . "  For Selfridges , on the other hand , it would endear their Nigerian customers -- and not just Nigerian customers , African in general -- more to the brand . " Read : African CEOs look to bright future Akerele says that although the reality in Nigeria is that most people live in poverty , the rise of sectors such as telecommunications and the diversification of the Nigerian economy beyond oil and gas has created an emerging middle class with bigger spending power . "  Their earning capacity is increasing and they 're spending on more things and not just the basic food and clothing , " she explains . "  They 're getting on a plane and coming to London to buy things they can not immediately find in Nigeria . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Wealthy Nigerians traveling to London to spend big money Their spending power is prompting UK retailers to tailor products to African customers Selfridges : Nigeria is coming through ` very strongly ' in the last 12-18 months Yet , most people in Nigeria country live on less than $ 1 a day
CNN  -- "  A gruesome scene " is how one investigator described the aftermath of five killings in Tennessee . A sixth body was found in Alabama . Police gather outside one of the scenes of mutliple slayings in Fayetteville , Tennessee , on Saturday . Kristin Helm of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation told CNN on Saturday that authorities have Jacob Shafer in custody in connection with the deaths . She added that authorities are not looking for additional suspects . Huntsville , Alabama , Police Sgt. Mickey Allen said Tennessee authorities told him a man confessed to a slaying in Huntsville , Alabama , and to five other killings in Fayetteville , Tennessee . Allen did n't identify the man . Shafer has been questioned by the TBI and is expected to face murder charges , Helm said . Sheriff Murray Blackwelder , who held an afternoon news conference , called the slayings "  one of the worst crimes Lincoln County has ever seen . " He did n't describe how the Lincoln County , Tennessee , victims died . Dr. Bruce Levy , medical examiner for Tennessee , was working to identify the bodies found in that state , Helm said . Fayetteville police responded to a call to South Lincoln Road about 10 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  , Blackwelder said . Police found three crime scenes and five bodies on that street , he said . The five victims , some of whom were related , were found in two homes , Helm said . Investigators think the killings occurred either Friday night or early Saturday , she said . The sixth body was found at a business in Huntsville , Sheriff Allen said . He said he is unsure of the connection between the crime scenes in Tennessee and Alabama . Huntsville is about 30 miles from Fayetteville . "  We have no clue yet as to what unfolded there and how it relates to here , " Allen said . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario contributed to this report .	NEW : Man taken in custody by Tennessee authorities in six slayings NEW : Suspect identified as Jacob Lee Shafer , who faces murder charges , TBI says NEW : Authorities say an undientified man has confessed to the killings Five bodies were found at two homes in Tennessee ; one victim in Alabama
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A spokesman for the trustees who control Michael Jackson 's estate said designer belts produced under a contract with the pop icon 's parents were not authorized . Asked if there would be legal action to stop the marketing of the belts , estate spokesman Jim Bates said it was undecided . Another company , Bravado , has a contract with the estate to market Michael Jackson merchandise , Bates said . A representative of the company marketing the belt said Katherine Jackson , the late pop star 's mother , cleared the deal with the trustees . The sale has been put on hold while lawyers discuss a solution , he said . The crystal-encrusted belts , which went on sale through the designer 's website Wednesday , are intended to raise money for the Jackson family museum planned for Gary , Indiana , according to a family friend involved in the deal . The first belt produced -- known as the "  artist 's proof " -- was autographed by Michael Jackson 's three children and his parents for a special auction set to start Thursday . Katherine Jackson and her grandchildren Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson are the chief beneficiaries of the Michael Jackson estate . Charities yet to be chosen will also get 20 percent of the estate 's profits , according to the will signed by Jackson . Katherine Jackson dropped her challenge for control of her son 's estate in October , but her husband still has a legal objection pending in probate court . "  This is a truly one-of-a-kind opportunity , " said Jerry Olivarez , the Jackson family friend who helped bring the deal together . "  I know of no other item that has ever been made available to the public that has been signed by both the parents and children of Michael Jackson . " Blanket , whose real name is Prince Michael II , Paris and Prince Jackson each signed the artist proof belt at the Encino , California , home where they live with their grandmother . The youngest , who was born in 2002 , signed his name in true "  John Hancock " style , taking up the most room with large block letters spelling "  BLANKET . " Prince , 13 , helped his younger brother by adding "  Jackson " below his first name . Paris , 12 , showed flair with her signature , using a heart to dot her "  i " and giving her "  r " a long , flowing branch . The leather belt was designed by Simon Tavassoli and a limited run of 7,000 are being handmade at his Newport Beach , California , studio . Each unsigned belt will retail for $ 1,500 , he said .	Estate spokesman says belt deal was not approved Estate has n't decided if it will stop belt sale Company marketing MJ belts says his mom got approval "  Artist 's proof " belt autographed by Jackson 's children , parents
CNN  -- Matthew McConaughey lost 40 pounds for December 's "  Dallas Buyers Club , " and Matt Damon worked out for four hours a day to get ripped for "  Elysium . " Ashton Kutcher , meanwhile , wanted so badly to get the role of innovation icon Steve Jobs right , he put himself in the hospital . The 35-year-old actor became a fruitarian while filming Steve Jobs biopic , "  jOBS , " in an attempt to "  understand some of his discipline , " Kutcher explained to CNN . He picked up a book Jobs once read by Arnold Ehret called "  Mucusless Diet Healing System " and began to eat nothing but fruit , shedding 15 to 18 pounds in the process , according to "  jOBS " director Joshua Michael Stern . What the Jobs movie got right , and wrong "  Jobs  was a really disciplined guy in a lot of ways , around his work and his life and his relationships and his products , " Kutcher said . "  And part of going on the diet was just to try to get an understanding of that . I did n't like it very much . It was really painful , ultimately . But it was really worth it , 'cause I think I gained a level of empathy towards that kind of discipline and focus that I do n't think I could have played the role without . " Arriving Friday , "  jOBS " traces Steve Jobs ' ascendance from college dropout to globally influential creator and will recount his founding of Apple along with Steve Wozniak  played by Josh Gad  . As one of the more tech-savvy stars in Hollywood , Kutcher was initially nervous to portray someone he calls his "  hero . " "  I admire him , and I admire his work , " Kutcher told CNN . "  The scariest thing for me was that I wanted ... people to see my portrayal of him and see it as a portrayal that was honoring him and being honest about some of the flaws that he had . That was really a daunting task . " Of course , Kutcher came to the part with a genetic advantage : The actor , who also stars on CBS ' "  Two and a Half Men , " shares a resemblance to the late Jobs , who died in October 2011 . But according to director Stern , Kutcher did n't try to rely on just his looks . "  Ashton walked into the first meeting already channeling Steve Jobs , " he told CNN . "  He had the mannerisms ; he 'd studied hundreds of hours . He knew from that first meeting that I needed to take away evidence that he could play the part . " Kutcher 's total immersion into the character was so complete that Stern walked away from the actor with newfound respect . "  He studied the guy ; he lived in his skin every day , which was n't the easiest place to live , and I really respect him quite a bit . He gave everything he had , and more than anything I knew that this role was important to him . And when something 's important to you no matter what you do , you 're going to give it everything you have . " Despite those efforts , "  jOBS " has faced criticism ahead of its release date , from Kutcher 's casting on down . The biopic was originally slated to bow in April , but was bumped back to August reportedly so the studio could have a longer marketing push . Reviews , thus far , have been mixed , and then there are those questioning its timing . Kutcher says that when he received the script , which was already a work in progress when Jobs died , that he did have that "  immediate concern . " "  I know that there were some people that were close to him who did n't want a movie to be made this soon , " he said , but because "  I have friends that actually know him , I felt ... I could at least protect his legacy somewhat by playing  the part  , and I knew I would dedicate myself to making it as good as I could . " When you make as great of an impact on the world as Steve Jobs did , that story 's going to be told eventually , no matter what . "  I would rather have it get told before the tales about him get too tall and while we could tell an honest story , " Kutcher continued . "  A lot of times , someone passes away and all of a sudden the stories become these fictional tellings of what happened . I think this film is as close to true as we could find . " At this year 's Teen Choice Awards , Kutcher addressed the young crowd in a Jobs-ian motivational moment . He told fans "  sexy is smart , " "  opportunities look a whole lot like work " and closed his speech by saying , "  build a life ; do n't live one . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Ashton Kutcher is portraying Steve Jobs in this weekend 's biopic ` jOBS ' The actor committed himself to the role , learning Jobs ' mannerisms and his diet The latter aspect of the character put Kutcher in the hospital He says it was worth it to learn how disciplined Jobs was
CNN  -- Serena Williams retained her U.S. Open title with a hard-fought 7-5 6-7 6-1 victory over Victoria Azarenka in a gripping final at Flushing Meadows Sunday . The world No. 1 was thoroughly extended by Azarenka before clinching her 17th grand slam crown in two hours 45 minutes of enthralling action on a windswept Arthur Ashe Stadium Court . Williams , who twice served for the championship in the second set , made no mistake at 5-1 in the decider , taking advantage of her second match point when her opponent from Belarus hit long . It ended brave resistance from the second seed , who had trailed by two breaks of service in the second set before hitting back to win a tense tiebreaker 8-6 . Fifth title in New York But Serena was not to be denied her fifth U.S. Open title , opening up a double break advantage in the third set , which this time she was not to relinquish . At 31 she is the the oldest winner of the hard court grand slam in the Open era , and the American acknowledged just how tough a match she had been given . "  Victoria you played unbelievable , " Williams said . "  What a great match and a great person . It 's an honor to play against you . " she told the crowd after winning her second grand slam title this year , having also lifted the French Open in June . Azarenka , beaten by Williams in the final in New York for the second straight year , admitted a second defeat was hard to take . "  It 's a tough loss but being in the final against the best player , who deserves the win , it 's incredible , " the Australian Open champion said . "  I gave it everything I had . I fought hard but well deserved . Congratulations Serena . " Bumper check Williams picked up a check for $ 3.6 million , including a $ 1 million bonus for winning events in the build-up to the final slam of the season -- though she lost to Azarenka in the Cincinnati final last month , just one of four defeats for her in 2013 . She is the first woman to successfully defend the title since Kim Clijsters in 2010 , and was runner-up in the 2011 final in New York . Williams had lost only 16 games in six matches as she cruised to the final , but Azarenka was made of sterner stuff and after dropping her service in the very first game , immediately broke back to set the pattern of the final . Williams finally broke through again in the 11th game and served out for the opener , but hopes of a straight sets victory were dashed by another stirring Azarenka fightback . Williams looked on the verge of tears after her failure to close out the match and threw down her racket in frustration as Azarenka leveled at one set all . Great champion But great champion that she is , Williams quickly regained control to the delight of the 20,000 spectators on the show court . Earlier Sunday , Leander Paes became the oldest man to win a grand slam title when he paired with Radek Stepanek to win the men 's doubles title . The 40-year-old Indian and his Czech partner , the fourth seeds , beat Alexander Peya of Austria and Brazil 's Bruno Soares , the second seeds , 6-1 6-3 . Paes and Stepanek were winners of the 2012 Australian Open title and had ended the hopes of top seeds Bob and Mike Bryan , who were hoping to complete a calendar year grand slam , in the semifinals . Paes had won the U.S. Open title with Martin Damm in 2006 and Lukas Dlouhy in 2009 , and now has eight men 's doubles trophies at the majors as well as six mixed doubles crowns . "  I think the best advice I can give to anyone for doubles is get a partner from the Czech Republic ! " Paes told the official tournament website . "  Radek helped me to get to be the oldest man to ever win a grand slam in the Open era . I thank him for that , and we are definitely not done . I 'm going after 41 now , 42 , and then 43 . " On Monday , top seed Novak Djokovic and second-ranked Rafael Nadal battle for the men 's title .	Serena Williams retains U.S. Open title at Flushing Meadows Beats Victoria Azarenka in final 7-5 6-7 6-1 17th grand slam title for the 31 year old American Leander Paes of India sets grand slam milestone in men 's doubles
CNN  -- Roger Federer has finally won the only grand slam tournament to elude him after beating Sweden 's Robin Soderling in straight sets to claim the French Open title at Roland Garros . Federer is the French Open champion at last after beating Robin Soderling in straight sets at Roland Garros . The Swiss world number two had 13 grand slam successes to his name prior to the event , but none of them had been on the Parisian red clay . However , that changed on Sunday as the 27-year-old cruised to a 6-1 7-6 6-4 victory over 23rd seed Soderling , the man who had caused a sensation by dumping four-time winner Rafael Nadal out of the tournament earlier in the week . The victory moves Federer onto 14 career grand slam titles , level with American Pete Sampras as the most successful grand slam player in men 's tennis history . He also moved into a select group made up only of Fred Perry , Don Budge , Rod Laver , Roy Emerson and Andre Agassi as men who have won all four of the grand slam events . "  It was probably my greatest ever victory , I was under big pressure . But I did it and it 's phenomenal , " an emotional Federer told a packed crowd on Court Philippe Chatrier -- before breaking down in tears after being presented with the trophy by American Agassi , the 1999 French Open champion and last player to win all four slams . "  I think that now and until the end of my career , I can really play with my mind at peace and no longer hear that I 've never won Roland Garros , " he added . You say : Is Roger Federer the greatest tennis player in history ? Soderling , who beat Nadal and Nikolay Davydenko en route to the final , told the crowd : "  I had the two best weeks of my career . Roger is a really worthy winner . To me he is the best player in history so he really deserves to win here at the French as well . " The 27-year-old Federer , playing in his 19th grand slam final , could not have wished for a better start under threatening skies , which produced drizzling rain for the majority of the match . The Swiss dropped just one point on his serve in three games , but , in contrast , Soderling 's serve was far from convincing and he soon trailed 4-0 . Soderling got on the scoreboard in the fifth game but he had already been broken twice by then . In the seventh game , the Swede was facing two set points when a rasping Federer forehand flew past him . Soderling saved the first with an unreturnable serve but on the second , Federer unleashed a whipped backhand for the set . The second set , which did not have a single break of serve , was overshadowed by an incident which saw Federer come face to face with a court invader at the start of the fourth game . How it happened : See the French Open final in photos " The man , wearing a top bearing the word ` Switzerland ' on its chest , came down from high up in the stands and vaulted the barriers to enter the court . He ran up to Federer and brandished in front of the player 's face what appeared to be a flag of Spanish team Barcelona . He then attempted to put a cap on the head of Federer , who retreated way behind the service line . Security took their time coming onto the court to aid Federer but when they did , they managed to accost the invader , who by that time had frantically run across the court and leapt the net . Federer at first appeared shaken -- he lost the next game to love -- admittedly on Soderling 's serve , but calm was soon restored as the rain started to come down and the set went to a tie-break . Federer played it flawlessly , smashing down four aces from four serves to clinch it in style . He then grabbed the key break in the third set in the very first game . Soderling by that time had got over his early-match jitters but he could not halt Federer 's juggernaut of a serve . He only earned his first break point of the match in the fourth game of that set , but the Swiss came up with a fine forehand passing shot to save . Serving for the match , Federer went break point down again to add to the drama . Soderling wasted that with a mis-hit and then netted a return into the net two points later to hand Federer the title .	Roger Federer finally wins French Open title with victory over Robin Soderling The Swiss world number two beats his Swedish opponent 6-1 7-6 6-4 in Paris Federer had won 13 grand slam titles prior to event , but never the French Open The success takes him level with Pete Sampras on 14 career grand slam wins
CNN  Jimmy Fallon is killing the game . The host of "  The Tonight Show " totally won this week . His skits featuring hilarity with some of Hollywood 's biggest and most beloved stars have been viral deliciousness for fans . On Thursday night , Fallon and Will Smith covered the 1988 song "  It Takes Two " by Rob Base & DJ E-Z Rock , using an iPad app . And it was awesome . The app allows users to layer sounds and play them on a loop . The pair turned it into a performance of the classic rap song . It was just the latest in Fallon 's buzzworthy antics . On Sunday night , Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart joined Fallon for an epic lip sync battle that found Ferrell attempting to mimic some of Beyonce 's dance moves from her "  Drunk in Love " music video . The host got an assist that night from singers including Sam Smith , Carrie Underwood , Ariana Grande and One Direction for a Brady Bunch-style a cappella version of Queen 's "  We Are the Champions . " Viewers were seeing double on Tuesday night when Fallon reprised his impersonation of the legendary Neil Young singing "  Old Man , " this time joined by the actual Young . Fallon 's Wednesday night show also set social media afire with a nostalgic performance , though it was n't a musical one . Members of the cast of "  Saved by the Bell " reunited for a skit that found Fallon as a student at Bayside High . Once again , he nailed it . It 's what fans have come to expect of Jimmy Fallon .	Fallon rapped with Will Smith on Thursday night 's show He 's had viral hits all this week Fans have come to expect it of him
Hugo Chavez 's voice boomed through the speakers at a Venezuelan campaign rally Monday , just minutes after the country 's interim leader filed papers to run for president . The message was clear as Nicolas Maduro and his supporters from the United Socialist Party of Venezuela sang along with a recording of Chavez belting out Venezuela 's national anthem . As Maduro spoke to a cheering crowd , a large photo of Chavez saluting hung behind him . As he filed his campaign platform with election officials , the 50-year-old former bus driver and union leader stressed his commitment to continuing the late president 's legacy . "  I am not Chavez , but I am his son , " Maduro said . "  And all together , the people , we are Chavez . " Venezuela 's interim leader thrust into spotlight In a national television broadcast less than a week ago , a tearful Maduro , then vice president , announced Chavez 's death after suffering from cancer for a long time . Maduro was sworn in as interim president on Friday , and elections are scheduled for April 14 . In December , Chavez did n't mince words when he told Venezuelans who he wanted to succeed him . "  My firm opinion , as clear as the full moon -- irrevocable , absolute , total -- is ... that you elect Nicolas Maduro as president , " Chavez said , waving a copy of the Venezuelan Constitution as he spoke . "  I ask this of you from my heart . He is one of the young leaders with the greatest ability to continue , if I can not . " But on Sunday , opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski said he was ready for a tough fight . "  Nicolas , I will not give you a free path , " Capriles said to reporters . "  You will have to defeat me with votes . " Capriles , 40 , ran against Chavez last year and lost . But he mounted one of the fiercest challenges during the late president 's 14 years in power . On Monday , he also filed paperwork to run for the presidency , CNN affiliate Globovision reported . On Sunday , Capriles accused the government of manipulating Chavez 's death for political gain . "  My fight is not to be president . My fight is for Venezuela to move forward , " Capriles said Sunday night . Whether Chavez 's popular political movement will have enough momentum to win at the polls after his death remains to be seen , analysts have said . Venezuela : Will ` Chavismo ' survive ? "  Since he does not have charisma , he does not have the experience , he does not have military roots , I think that the Cubans and other friends of Chavez are looking at this election with a bit of nervousness , " said Lino Gutierrez , a former U.S. ambassador in Argentina and Nicaragua who now runs an international consulting firm . But it remains probable that with Chavez 's party backing him , Maduro has the necessary strength and support to win an election , said Carlos Manuel Indacochea , a professor at George Washington University . "  No victory is absolutely predictable , but it is very likely , " Indacochea told CNN en Español on Monday . "  It is very likely because again the government will use all the resources of the state and the recent fact of the death and the aura of the leader who has just departed . So it is very likely that he wins the election . "	"  I am not Chavez , but I am his son , " Maduro says as he officially enters the race Less than a week after his death , supporters sing along with a recording of Chavez Opposition candidate Henrique Capriles has said he 's ready for a tough fight Voters from the South American country will head to polls on April 14
CNN  -- Sharifa lost her foot when the Syrian jets swooped down and fired missiles at the house . Now the hijab-clad girl sits jaded in a dirty , hardscrabble displaced persons camp near Turkey , growing up fast , confused and far from home . CNN special coverage : Syria 's refugees She needs crutches to move around and weeps for her lost limb . "  I ca n't get it back , " she said . But like many youth , Sharifa is resilient . She teaches the younger kids at the camp mosque and , inshallah , wants to go back to her home village and do it there . Her life has been hijacked . She 's consumed by hope and grief , determination and despair . "  I just want to walk again , " she says . "  I just want to walk . " Watch more of Sharifa 's story Sharifa is one of a lost generation uprooted by Syria 's civil war . She 's one of the casualties of what the International Rescue Committee is calling a "  regional humanitarian disaster , " the widespread displacement caused by nearly two years of civil strife and war in Syria . The IRC , one of the world 's major refugee agencies , issued a chilling report Monday about the plight of refugees and internally displaced people . More than 2.5 million Syrians have been uprooted , the IRC says . Of those who have had to leave their homes , about 600,000 have fled , mostly to Jordan , Turkey , Lebanon and Iraq , which border Syria . It 's a replay of the population flight out of war-torn Iraq last decade . It conjures the wrenching flight in the 1940s during the birth of Israel , also next door to Syria . "  The Middle East is once again facing a human displacement tragedy , " the IRC 's commission on Syrian refugees said . The IRC interviewed refugees in the border nations and got a grim view of life in the country . Killings , attacks , arbitrary arrests , torture , abductions , rape , bombings and sexual violence . Loss of infrastructure and health care . Dwindling supplies of food , water and electricity . No school . More : Children scavenge for food More than 60,000 people have died since the regime of Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad cracked down on peaceful protesters , a stance that set in motion what has become a nightmare , a civil war between the unyielding government and tenacious rebels . The fighting has taken a sectarian overtone . The government is dominated by Alawites . The opposition , largely by Sunni Muslims . People from other groups and religions in the diverse country have been caught in the crossfire . Some have joined the rebels . Others support the government . Many sit tight and hope it ends . Others have fled to higher ground in Syria . Some to other countries . People have embarked on treacherous journeys to safety outside Syria , scurrying from Homs and Hama to Lebanon , Daraa to Jordan , Aleppo and Idlib to Turkey , and Syrian Kurdish neighborhoods to Iraq . Many live in camps , but most are "  urban refugees , " scattered through villages , towns and cities seeking shelter anywhere it is available . Some live with host families but others are packed into small , dingy and poorly maintained apartments . Some are squatters , staying put in schools , public buildings and unused spaces . "  Every time it rains , we live in a pool of mud , " said a 60-year-old woman from Daraa , interviewed by the IRC . She and seven others in Jordan share a room with a dirt floor and leaky roof . Women and girls have gone from the frying pan to the fire . Rape is a main reason why many refugees fled , but there is "  an alarming lack of medical and counseling services " in their new homes , the report said . "  They face unsafe conditions in camps and elevated levels of domestic violence , while reports of early and / or forced marriage of women and girls are increasing , " the report said . Children are traumatized . "  Abuse , neglect and exploitation " are risks that are right around the corner . In Turkey , 8-year-old refugee children make drawings , just like kids everywhere . The images ? Scenes from home of bombs and terror . "  Many teachers in host schools are ill-equipped to assist traumatized children -- as are their parents . Many children exhibit violent aggressive behavior , " the report said , citing an IRC counselor in Jordan . "  Others have stopped eating , talking and sleeping . " More : Life in the camps The IRC is telling the world it urgently needs solutions . Humanitarian aid must be increased . Borders must remain open . More assistance is needed for internally displaced Syrians . Urban refugees need more attention , and women and girls need better protection . The world also must prepare for fallout and instability , even if the al-Assad government is toppled . "  The international community must quickly plan for a displacement crisis that could last well beyond the end of the Assad government and persist regardless of the political outcome of the conflict , " the report said . Now winter is here . Aid agencies are bracing for more misery . One refugee in Lebanon said his family has spent the year living in a sheep shed . Now they face the punishment of winter : winds , cold , rain and snow . Even flooding . "  I cry in my heart . I feel depressed . It 's unjust , " he said . "  Is there a worse way to live than this ? " In a camp near Turkey , Abdul Qadr al-Hasan 's daughter , Siham , succumbed amid the frigid air . More : What 's next for Syria ? "  She was not sick . She did n't have any problems at all . We were up late that night and we were playing with her , " al-Hasan said , speaking in a tent . "  We woke up the next morning , her mother checked on her . She was curled into a ball from the cold . " Also near Turkey , Sharifa struggles on . More : How it all started She says it is "  God 's will this happened . " "  The situation is hard here , nobody can bear this . " Sharifa may be a limping casualty of war , but she and other young traumatized Syrians -- living in tents , crammed in apartments and hiding in villages and towns -- are now the country 's future . They will limp home after the war ends to rebuild their land . "  I do n't want to play again , " she said . "  I just want to walk . " Nick Paton Walsh and Joe Duran contributed to this report .	A new report says more than 2.5 million Syrians have been uprooted Many are "  urban refugees , " scattered through towns seeking shelter Aid agencies are calling for more help , especially for women and children
CNN  -- Real Madrid took another decisive step towards their first La Liga title in four seasons with a thumping 5-1 win at Osasuna on Saturday . Karim Benzema got Jose Mourinho 's side off the mark with a sweetly struck volley in the seventh minute before Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first of the night in the 37th minute . Three minutes later the game was effectively over as Argentine striker Gonzalo Higuain made it 3-0 . Osasuna briefly rallied after the break as Juan Francisco ` Nino ' headed home to give the home fans some hope . But any chances of a comeback were snuffed out 20 minutes later when Ronaldo added a fourth  his 37th of the league campaign  with Higuain claimed his second in the 77th minute to complete the rout . Osasuna substitute Roland Lamah was sent off for a second bookable offence late in the game to compound the misery for the home supporters . Barcelona remain six points behind in second place after a 2-0 win over Athletic Bilbao at the Nou Camp . Andres Iniesta put Barca in front five minutes before halftime blasting the ball into the roof of the net after receiving a pass from Lionel Messi . And the Argentine was on hand to score from the penalty spot in the 58th minute after Cristian Tello was brought down by Javi Martinez . Real Zaragoza and Sporting Gijon swap places at the foot of the table after Zaragoza edged to a 2-1 win at the Estadio El Molinon . Granada earned a vital 1-0 win against fellow strugglers Racing Santander to stave off relegation worries . Meanwhile in Serie A , leaders AC Milan dropped points on the road as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Catania on Saturday . Brazilian Robinho gave the reigning champions the lead in the 34th minute but had to settle for a point after Nicolas Spolli equalized in the 57th minute of the second half . Second-placed Juventus can move to within two points of Milan if they beat Napoli on Sunday . In Saturday 's other fixture , third-place Lazio suffered a 3-1 defeat to Parma at the Ennio Tardini Stadium .	Ronaldo and Gonzalo Higuain score twice as Real maintain grip on La Liga lead Barcelona defeat Athletic Bilbao to 2-0 to stay six points behind in second place AC Milan held to a 1-1 draw at Catania in Serie A ; Second-place Juventus play Napoli on Sunday
A man walks into a supermarket , hands over a beer can and receives money back . This may seem contrary to the natural order -- but it 's all part of brewer Carlsberg 's sustainability drive . Central to this is Carlsberg 's use of Denmark 's reverse vending machines , run by Dansk Retursystem . There are 3,000 of these futuristic reverse vending machines dotted around Denmark , through which 3 million items are deposited every day . You put a can or bottle into the machine and it gives you a voucher or money back for your efforts . The number of packages returning through the system is astonishing : 90 % of cans designed for single use are recycled , and nearly 100 % of refillable bottles find their way back to Carlsberg . The brewing giant 's bottles and cans themselves are designed to be as sustainable as possible . To make packaging more environmentally friendly , "  the most obvious thing we can do is reduce the weight , " said Simon Hoffmeyer Boas , CSR manager . Lighter products can lessen energy needed in the manufacturing process , and "  within the last 20 years the average weight of a glass bottle has been reduced by approximately 30 % , " Hoffmeyer Boas said . The innovation makes the bottles cheaper to manufacture , alongside being better for the environment . "  For us sustainability , or CSR , is business , it 's not something that is detached , " he said . From the barley to the bottle , every part of the process is scrutinized by the company 's research and development department to ensure it meets or beats sustainable targets . In the Carlsberg laboratory , where the pH scale was developed , new types of barley are developed . In 2010 the company introduced the Null Lox variety . Brigitte Skadhuge , director of applied research , told CNN that type of barley "  helps beer to stay fresh for a longer time than traditional beer . " That gives beer a longer shelf life , reducing waste . The by-product of the spent grain also helps power the plant . The husk , the outer covering of the barley grain , is placed in a bi-fermentor which transforms the cellulose into methane gas . This gas provides 90 % of the thermal energy needed at the plant . Even the waste from the waste is put to good use -- the waste from the bio-fermentor is used as a natural fertiliser in the barley fields .	There are 3000 of reverse vending machines dotted around Denmark Bottles and cans themselves are designed to be as sustainable as possible 90 % of cans and 100 % of the refillable bottles are deposited in the machines
CNN  -- After announcing that 343 Industries was taking over the blockbuster "  Halo " franchise , Microsoft has faced plenty of speculation about what the new developer would do with one of the most popular video games . Early reviews of "  Halo 4 , " due Tuesday , have been positive  with some critics saying it 's the best one yet  . But in the meantime , a live-action Web series has been drawing the sci-fi franchise 's many fans to YouTube . The five-part series , "  Halo : Forward Onto Dawn , " recounts an alien attack on a planet hosting a United Nations Space Command military school . The ambush decimates the unprepared planet , leaving the survival of a handful of recruits in the balance . It 's a way to bring a new slice of the "  Halo " narrative to life and whet appetites for the latest game . Digital filmmakers and executive producers Lydia Antonini and Josh Feldman came up with the idea for the Web series to tell the story of a group of recruits and their connection to the games ' iconic Master Chief character . Feldman said 343 Industries wanted to make a big splash with their game and had been impressed by Web videos that had been produced for other gaming titles . Antonini , who was involved in the "  Mortal Kombat " digital series , was approached by Microsoft and 343 about transforming an interactive story into a linear one . The team had to finish the project "  on what was a pretty nutty schedule , " Antonini said . "  We wrote , managed , produced the whole life cycle ... in a little less than a calendar year . " Antonini and Feldman brought in people who could stay true to both the "  Halo " feel and 343 's vision of the franchise . The five parts were shot as a movie over 24 days and will be released on Blu-ray disc , but Feldman said they knew they needed break points to fit the series format . "  We had to think about how it would work episodically because that 's how the consumers would be viewing it on YouTube , " Feldman said . "  We did n't want one delivery to come at the expense of others . That 's really tough because there is a huge difference between what is episodic , call it television if you will , and the structure of a feature . " That work required a balance of action and narrative for each part of the Web series , yet the entire story still needed to all flow together . The producers said they were also very cognizant of fans ' knowledge of the franchise and did not want to stray outside the narrative boundaries already established . The video story fits in to the overall storylines featured in "  Halo 4 " and is a literal bridge between "  Halo 3 " and the new video game . It also introduces a new character , Thomas Laskey , who will play a role in the upcoming game . "  For the hardcore fans that have played the games , read the books , read the comics , have the consumer products , and are fully intending to dive into ` Halo 4 , ' this is very much an additive experience , " Feldman said . Antonini said they also wanted to make sure the casual or new fan could appreciate the Web shows and not get lost in the vast history of the franchise . She said developing a story for the Web needed to have its own hook but not one that was outside the overall plot line they wanted to explore . "  It was one of the toughest things about this show . It 's like working in a World War II museum , " she said . "  There is a whole lot of history that people care about and you 've got to be really true to , but then it is also wonderful to be able to create something new within that world . " The "  Halo " series chronicles an interstellar war between humans and aliens known as the Covenant . The protagonist of the games ' fictional universe is Master Chief , a cybernetically enhanced human soldier encased in green armor . Antonini and Feldman knew the one thing they had to get right from a fan 's perspective was their portrayal of the iconic Master Chief . Antonini said a representative from 343 was with them throughout the shooting process and was able to answer questions and point out details to keep them on the right track . "  What we try to do with our extended fiction is create a kind of ` history ' for the universe , from which we can draw ideas , scenarios , characters and events , and connect those to the game in meaningful ways , " said Frank O'Connor , franchise development director at 343 Industries . "  The beauty of this approach , when we get it right , is that for fans of that extended fiction , both the game and the related stories end up having more resonance and meaning . But for folks who simply play the games , the story of the game feels like it comes from a richer , deeper foundation . " Antonini said they had access to the developer 's art department to represent the imposing Master Chief with an accuracy that fans would appreciate . "  This was an area we knew we could n't veer in any way shape or form , and we 'd be crazy to , " Feldman said . "  We had to make the best , most authentic Master Chief gear that you could make . " Daniel Cudmore , the actor selected for the beloved role , is an imposing presence on the screen . Cudmore also does all the stunts and action scenes in the Web series . One of the bridges between "  Halo 3 " and "  Halo 4 " is a series of flashbacks to Master Chief 's artificial-intelligence sidekick , Cortana , and what happens to her after the spaceship , "  Forward Unto Dawn , " is ripped in half at the end of "  Halo 3 . " Feldman said he thinks casual and hardcore fans will appreciate some new insight as they get ready to play "  Halo 4 . " Part 1 of the live-action Web series was released in October , and the final episode was revealed just days before Tuesday 's official "  Halo 4 " release . More than 8 million people watched the first episode on YouTube . It will be interesting to see how many continue the story in the video game .	A live-action Web series has been drawing "  Halo " fans to YouTube The five-part series premiered in October and wrapped up last week "  Halo 4 , " the latest installment in the sci-fi video game franchise , is released Tuesday
CNN Student News  -- May 4 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Philippines New York City Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- When Peggielene Bartels went to bed on a summer night in 2008 , she was an ordinary administrative assistant living in a modest one-bedroom condo just outside Washington D.C. . But a few hours later , when a persistent ringing phone woke her up in the dead of the August night , the 55-year-old found out she was much more than simply a secretary . At the other end of the line was Bartels 's cousin , from Otuam , a small fishing village on the coast of Ghana . Excited and humble , he congratulated her on being the new king of Otuam . "  I said , ` listen , it 's 4 o'clock in the morning in the U.S. , I am very tired , let me sleep , ' " remembers Bartels . "  I thought he was trying to really play games with me . " But this was no time for games . The previous king of Otuam , who was Bartels 's uncle , had just died . The village elders , who remembered Bartels from the times she 'd visited with her mother , had decided to anoint her as their new ruler . Watch video : King Peggy shows off her crowns After the initial shock , Bartels decided to accept the kingship . Over the course of a few days , she went from being plain old Peggielene Bartels , who had worked for nearly three decades at the Ghanaian Embassy in the United States , to becoming King Peggy -- the first female king of Otuam , reigning over approximately 7,000 people . "  It never ever occurred to me -LSB- that I 'd be Otuam 's king -RSB- , " says Bartels , who 's been living in the United States since her early 20s . "  I realized that on this earth , we all have a calling . We have to be ready to accept it because helping my people has really helped me a lot to know that I can really touch their lives , " she adds . "  I would have really regretted it if I had n't really accept this calling . " Although she still works at the Ghanaian Embassy , Bartels uses all her holiday every year to spend a month in Otuam . King is the traditional title of Otuam 's ruler , and Bartels says she 's happy to be called a king , rather than queen , because it means she can achieve more . "  Most of the time , a king is the one who has all the executive power to do things , while the queen is mostly in charge of the children 's affairs and reporting to the king , " she says . "  So I really love this . " Read more : The Lady King of Otuam King Peggy was born in Takoradi , southern Ghana , in 1953 . She studied in England before moving to the United States , where she became an American citizen in 1997 . But after inheriting the throne , Bartels has been living two very different lives in two different continents . In Washington , her secretarial duties include typing letters , answering phone calls and booking appointments . In her little apartment her life is far removed from the luxuries of her royal roots . "  When I am in the United States I do everything by myself , " she explains . "  I do my own laundry , I do my own cooking , I do my own driving and I do my own bed when I wake up in the morning . " Read more : Secretary is still the top job for women But back in Ghana , she stands out as a gold crown-wearing , scepter-holding king who lives in a refurbished palace . Otuam residents usually address her as "  Nana " -- an honorary title given to royalty but also to women with grandchildren -- and bow when they see her . "  When I am back home they see me as their king and they want to pamper me , " she says . "  They have to cook for me , they have to carry me around and they have to protect me from people . They want to do everything for me which I usually refuse ... Sometimes I say to them ` please , do n't bow . ' I just want them to be free and comfortable so that way we can really address issues . " In pictures : Africa 's power women But beyond the bows , the royal attire and certain luxuries that come with her title , being a king in an impoverished place like Otuam is all about dealing with the pressing needs of the community and improving the lives of the people , says Bartels . "  To be a king in an African village or some places like this , it 's not like European queens where everything is on a silver platter for them , " she says . "  I have to really work hard to help my people . I have to give myself to people to better their lives . " In the last few years , she 's helped poor families pay school fees for their children and brought computers to classrooms . With the help of other Americans she 's also provided Otuam with its first ambulance , as well as access to clean , running water . Her next priority , she says , is to bring state-of-the-art toilets to Otuam . And even when she 's not in Ghana , her royal duties do not stop ; she wakes up at 1am every morning to call Otuam and be informed about what 's happening in the community . "  I talk to my regent , I talk to my elders , " Bartels says . "  If there is something that I want to know , they tell me . If there is something that I want them to do , I tell them . " Last year , King Peggy 's real-life fairy tale was documented in a book written by her and author Eleanor Herman . And now she says her amazing life journey from secretary to king will be told in a film , after Hollywood star Will Smith bought the rights to the book . "  Next year , God willing , we are going to have a movie out there , " says King Peggy . "  Queen Latifah is going to play me and I 'm so happy to at least let the whole world know that a secretary can become a king and lead wisely and help the people . "	For more than 30 years , Peggielene Bartels has worked as a secretary in the U.S. But then one day a phone call took her back to her Ghanaian roots She was chosen to be the king of Otuam , a fishing village in Ghana Her life journey has been documented in a book ; a Hollywood film is expected next year .
CNN  -- After an unbeaten career and a Vogue cover , Australia 's most celebrated horse now has a bronze statue in her honor . The statue of Black Caviar , which retired with a perfect 25-0 career record , was unveiled in the animal 's birthplace of Nagambie in the state of Victoria as it emerged the horse is set to deliver a living legacy of its own -- the super mare is in foal . A crowd bedecked in Black Caviar 's signature salmon pink and black polka dot silks turned out to catch a glimpse of the life-size tribute , which is the work of sculptor Mitch Mitchell . And excitement among her throngs of fans grew as word spread that Australia 's foremost equine superstar -- after two visits to stallion Exceed and Excel -- is expecting . "  We are all proud Australians we are all proud Victorian this is a great day for Australia , " breeder Rick Jamieson told The Telegraph . "  As Nagambians we can say we bred the best horse in racing history . " The six-year-old sprinter , worth almost $ 8 million in prize money , bowed out after claiming her quarter century victory at Sydney 's TJ Smith Stakes in April . Duing a record-breaking career , the "  Wonder from Down Under " transcended the sports pages to become one of the country 's most beloved sporting celebrities . The super mare was n't just a powerhouse on the track -- she was a treasured personality who appeared on the cover of Vogue , launched a best-selling biography and was named Sportswoman of the Year by Sydney 's Daily Telegraph . The retirement of the world 's top-rated racehorse led news bulletins in Australia , with former Australian p Prime Minister Gillard tweeting : "  We 've never seen anything like Black Caviar before and may never again . She has an incredible legacy . " Since demolishing the field in her first major win at the Danehill Stakes in 2009 , interest in Black Caviar has grown expotentially . The wonder mare , who even has her own Twitter handle , has not just won all 25 of her races -- with the exception of Britain 's Royal Ascot she has won them by staggering margins -- destroying world-class fields to become one of the world 's top-rated race horses . Her unblemished record is the second highest of all time , trailing behind only Hungarian horse Kincsem , which apparently took 54 races in the late 1800s .	A bronze sculpture of Black Caviar has been unveiled in its hometown The Australian racehorse won all 25 of its races It was also announced on Thursday that the super mare is in foal The sire is stallion Exceed and Excel
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Treating flu-stricken children with anti-viral medication including Tamiflu and Relenza could do more harm than good , a new report has warned . Researchers say not enough study has been done into the long-term effects of anti-virals on children . Researchers from the University of Oxford found that while the anti-virals reduced the duration of illness by up to one day and a half , they had "  little or no effect " on the likelihood of the children developing complications . The researchers conceded that they did n't know the extent to which their report applied to the current swine flu pandemic , but said , "  based on current evidence , the effects of anti-virals on reducing the course of illness or preventing complications might be limited . " In compiling their report , published in the British Medical Journal , the Oxford University researchers searched the world for trials of Tamiflu and Relenza on children under 12 . They found seven in total ; four relating to flu treatment , and three to prevention . They say none offered a big enough study to determine whether anti-virals have any effect on the chances of children developing serious flu-related complications . "  We 've got very little data to go on . These drugs have been used on tens of thousands , in fact millions of children worldwide , and we 've found only four trials of treatments involving less than two thousand children , " said the report 's author , Dr Matthew Thompson , a senior clinical scientist at the Department of Primary Health Care , the University of Oxford . "  We did n't find any trials of children under one . And none of the trials was big enough to show if there 's any effect on serious complications like pneumonia or being hospitalized , " he said . The report found that while anti-virals reduced the duration of flu in children , they had little or no impact on the likelihood of the child developing ear infections or any other condition that may require antibiotics . A review of one study into the effect of anti-virals on asthmatic children , who are considered to have a higher risk of developing complications from the flu virus , found that they did not reduce the risk of the asthma attacks . The report said that one in 20 children who take Tamiflu suffer nausea and vomiting , as indicated in warnings from the drug 's manufacturer . "  That obviously can be a particular problem in young children and infants where getting dehydrated is a complication of influenza , " Thompson said . The three studies that focused on the use of anti-virals to prevent influenza taking hold , showed that their potential to stop the spread of flu was "  fairly small . " "  We 'd need to treat 13 children with the preventive course of one of these drugs to prevent one of them from getting flu , " Thompson said . The report 's authors suggested governments were too quick to recommend anti-virals as the first defense against the spread of swine flu . In the United Kingdom , people who suspect they have the virus are urged to phone a government helpline . If enough symptoms match the operator 's list , they 're given an online voucher so a "  flu friend " can collect a course of Tamiflu . "  We 're not criticizing the current Department of Health policy , but we hope they 'll inform perhaps a slight shift in policy in terms of use of these drugs , " Thompson told CNN . The British Department of Health said the report was right to suggest bed rest and over the counter remedies for people with mild cases of flu , but added that it was potentially dangerous to deter people with severe cases of flu from taking Tamiflu , including children . In a statement , a spokesman said : "  Whilst there is doubt about how swine flu affects children , we believe a safety-first approach of offering anti-virals to everyone remains a sensible and responsible way forward . However , we will keep this policy under review as we learn more about the virus and its effects . " The British Medical Association  BMA  also adopted a cautious stance . The chairman of the BMA 's general practitioner 's committee , Dr Laurence Buckman , said doctors always have to balance the risk of major complications from swine flu with the potential side-effects of anti-virals . "  While we know they are safe , we do know that vomiting and diarrhea can occur in some children and adults who take them , " he said , adding "  The more we learn about these drugs the more we will know how to treat patients with the most up-to-date clinical evidence . "	Researchers examined studies into effects of anti-virals on children Found "  little or no effect " when used on children suffering influenza Anti-virals were found to shorten duration of flu-like symptoms British Department of Health said it had "  a safety-first approach "
CNN  -- Sunday night 's American Music Awards seemed much tamer than many of the other awards shows lately , despite having the promise of host rapper Pitbull to ABC that "  I hope you got that delay button ready ; we 're going to have a lot of fun . " But there were a few moments during the evening that had viewers buzzing . Here are a few : 1  Justin Timberlake epitomizes "  crossover " We will try not to drop the term "  blue-eyed soul " here , but the former 'N Sync member nabbed not only favorite pop/rock male but also favorite soul/R & B male and soul/R & B album awards . Before presenting him with the latter award , comedian Sarah Silverman joked that the competition was between Timberlake , the son of the "  dad from Growing Pains "  aka  Robin Thicke and Rihanna . "  Growing up in Memphis , Tennessee , I can say this is the first time I have ever been racially profiled by a white woman , " Timberlake joked during his acceptance speech . 2  J.Lo pays tribute to Celia Cruz Jennifer Lopez seemed to embody the spirit of Cuban salsa queen Cruz , who died in 2003 . For those who had forgotten that Lopez first got into the business as a dancer , she reminded fans as she also sang a medley of Spanish tunes made famous by Cruz . Add to that the multiple ruffled and fringed costume changes during the number , which also featured a stage full of fellow dancers , and it was a rollicking good time . 3  Lady Gaga and R. Kelly get "  Trapped in the Closet " If you are n't familiar with the rap opera that is R. Kelly 's "  Trapped in the Closet , " we ca n't even begin to describe it to you , so get thee to Google . The AMA performance with Gaga on their collaboration "  Do What U Want " was definitely reminiscent of that dramatic saga . It appeared to be a play on the reported John F. Kennedy/Marilyn Monroe romance as Gaga played secretary to his "  President Kelly " and stripped down to a spangled bodysuit . The pair sang their dialogue before actually launching into the song that they also so memorably performed on "  Saturday Night Live . " It was ... interesting . 4  Macklemore & Ryan Lewis get political Accepting the award for favorite rap/hip hop album , Macklemore used the opportunity to speak out against racial profiling . "  Due to the fact that we are in Florida tonight accepting this award , I want to acknowledge Trayvon Martin and the hundreds and hundreds of kids who are dying each year due to racial profiling and the violence that follows , " the rapper said via satellite . "  These are our friends , our neighbors , our peers , our fans , and it 's time that we look out for the youth and fight against racism and the laws that protect it . " The pair later rocked the crowd with a rousing performance of "  Ca n't Hold Us " with Ray Dalton . 5  Rihanna 's mom presents her with an award Monica Fenty could n't have been prouder taking to the stage to give her daughter Rihanna the first-ever Icon Award . "  Rihanna , I 'm so proud of you tonight , " Fenty said . "  I know the journey in your career has not always been an easy one , but tonight I applaud and admire you . " The singer , who performed her hit "  Diamonds , " seemed awed that she was receiving such an accolade so early in her career . "  My fans , I love you so much ; you have no idea , " Rihanna said . "  I ca n't believe at 25 , I am holding an Icon Award ! " 6  Miley Cyrus and her crying cat What to even say about this one ? By now , Cyrus is known for her outrageous outfits and controversial performances , so the scant cat-print two-piece outfit she rocked during her rendition of "  Wrecking Ball " was n't shocking . But the ginger kitten floating through space on the big screen behind her mouthed the words to the song and began crying what appeared to be diamonds was a bit disconcerting . Oh Miley , what does it all mean ? Honorable mentions should also go to TLC and the show 's audience . TLC brought "  special guest " rapper Lil Mama along to perform their classic hit "  Waterfalls . " She recently portrayed the late Lisa "  Left Eye " Lopes in a VH1 biopic about the girl group and her appearance Sunday night left social media speculating whether she would be joining the group to replace Lopes , who was killed in a 2002 car crash . The audience gets a special moments shout-out because they gave everyone a standing ovation . Literally everyone . At some points , the awards show began to feel like a presidential State of the Union address with so many standing Os . There were some actual statues handed out during the show . Taylor Swift set an AMA record with her third win for artist of the year . She also nabbed country artist female and favorite country album for her best-selling "  Red . " Ariana Grande was named new artist of the year , and Florida Georgia Line won single of the year for their song "  Cruise " featuring rapper Nelly . The American Music Awards was broadcast live on ABC from the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles .	Justin Timberlake shows that he has the crossover chops J.Lo pays a memorable tribute to salsa queen Celia Cruz At only 25 , Rihanna receives Icon Award from her mother Meow -- what was going with Miley Cyrus and the crying cat ?
Mashable  -- There are no rules to naming a startup . And most entrepreneurs do assume that the name they choose will change before their businesses really start to gain momentum . Consequently , it does n't shock us that some of our favorite startups were sired by picking names out of hats , by throwing out odd proper nouns that might be cheap domain names and by haphazardly removing vowels . Ever wonder what a "  Twitter " is , or who the "  Hipmunk " is ? We 've asked nine startups to share the story behind their names . 1 . Twitter The name Twitter was picked out of a hat . A small group of employees from Odeo , the San Francisco podcasting startup where Twitter initially began , had a brainstorming session . They were trying to come up with names that fit with the theme of a mobile phone buzzing an update in your pocket . After narrowing down the options  which included Jitter and Twitter  , they wrote them down , put them in a hat , and let fate decide . Fate decided on Twitter  because clearly asking someone if they saw your latest "  jeep " is just weird  . 2 . Foursquare Dodgeball , Dennis Crowley 's first attempt at social networking for mobile phones , was acquired by Google in 2005 . When Google killed the project , Crowley founded an improved location-based social game he named Foursquare . Does Dennis Crowley have some sort of unresolved childhood issues relating to playground games ? As it turns out , no he does n't . "  Dennis chose to name both companies after playground games because they were both designed to be fun and playful , " said Foursquare 's PR manager in an email . Apparently , Foursquare was always Crowley 's first choice , but the domain name was n't available at the time he founded Dodgeball . 3 . Aardvark Aardvark has been a sleek website where users can type or email their questions , to then be answered by the appropriate people in their own social networks . But co-founder Max Ventilla 's idea began as a chat buddy that could intermediate conversations with people you know online . There were advantages to having this name at the top of the buddy list , a spot which was occupied on Ventilla 's buddy roster by his friend Aaron . Alphabetically speaking , there are n't many options that trump Aaron . "  Aardvark " is one of the few names that could shoulder him out . Other factors the name had going for it were its ability to conjugate the invented active verb "  vark , " and being an animal that people recognized but typically did n't have strong associations with . "  We also felt that an animal had the right positioning as helpful but not perfect , " said Ventilla in an email . "  If we chose a human or a robot mascot people would spend their time trying to make it look stupid , but they 'd cut an animal more slack . " Google recently announced it would soon shutter Aardvark . Users have until September 30 to retrieve their data . 4 . Spotify Spotify founders Daniel Ek and Martin Lorentzon crossed "  spot " and "  identify " when they named their digital music service . 5 . Twilio "  In the early days of the company , the name does n't really matter for anything . You always assume you 'll change it later ... You should be able to own a word for your company . You should not have any baggage associated with the name . "  What we started doing is saying , we want to invent a word , we know that , so let 's just start making syllables without faces and when we have something that sounds good , check and see if the domain name is available ... We 'd just make these weird sounds and then run to the computer and see if it was available . We bought the domain name for $ 7 . " 6 . Zynga Zynga is named after CEO Mark Pincus 's late American Bulldog , Zinga . The name means African warrior princess . 7 . Etsy From a spokesperson : The origin of the word "  Etsy " is shrouded in mystery . Only our founder Rob Kalin knows for sure , and he often throws out red herrings . Some widely-publicized  and certainly fabricated  versions of the story include : a reference to a magic word in a Fellini film , the name of his grandmother 's favorite childhood pet , and something about a Unix directory , I think it 's " / etc , " pronounced "  et-C . " Other fun facts  some of which may actually be factual  : Phonetically , Etsy has many homonyms too . It can mean : -- "  and if " in Latin -- "  horny " in Japanese -- A slur for "  loose woman " in Russian-speaking parts of Bay Ridge / Brighton Beach -- Oh , and it rhymes with "  Betsy . " 8 . Scribd Scribd CEO Trip Adler says the company picked Scribd  pronounced "  skribbed "  beause of its ties to writing and publishing . More interesting is how the coppany decided on the name of its mobile reader app , Float . "  We wanted something to highlight the floating reading experience , " Adler says . "  Namely , the idea of reading without boundaries . " 9 . Hipmunk After discarding names like "  BouncePounce "  if there were a good travel deal , you 'd pounce , right ?  and Truvel  travel , but true  , Hipmunk co-founder Adam Goldstein was discussing the naming roadblock with his girlfriend . She suggested they go with a cute animal so that they could have a cool logo . Hipmunk.com was auctioning for about $ 70 at a time , and so the name -- and admittedly adorable logo -- were born . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Some of our favorite startups were sired by picking names out of hats Dennis Crowley chose to name both companies after playground games "  Aardvark " beats out "  Aaron " at the top of a buddy list alphabetically
CNN  -- Pictures taken shortly after the raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden show three men lying dead in pools of blood and the wreckage of a U.S. helicopter abandoned during the assault . One of the dead men bears a family resemblance to bin Laden , but there was no confirmation of his identity . The al Qaeda leader 's adult son was among those killed in Monday 's attack by U.S. commandos , according to American officials . The pictures were published Wednesday by Reuters . The news agency says they were taken by a Pakistani security official about an hour after U.S. forces left bin Laden 's compound and that it is confident of the authenticity of the purchased images . Clad in a T-shirt , the man who resembles bin Laden lies in a large pool of blood that appears to spread from the back of his head . Two other men , dressed in Pakistani clothing , appear to have died from extensive head and chest wounds . Sources have named the courier who lived at the compound as al Qaeda veteran Sheikh Abu Ahmad -- a Kuwaiti citizen of Pakistani descent . Other photos , taken at dawn on Monday show the wreckage of the helicopter the U.S. Navy SEAL team had to leave behind after a crash-landing . Analysts believe it to be a stealth aircraft ; the tail assembly is different from known helicopter types and could indicate some kind of previously unknown capability to avoid radar . A senior U.S. official tells CNN that a tail portion of the helicopter was not destroyed , and that , to the best of his knowledge , that wreckage remains in the hands of the Pakistani government . In particular , the tail features a cowling that might have been designed to reduce rotor noise levels , they said . Pakistan has already said that the helicopters used in the raid took advantage of blind spots in radar coverage to penetrate deep into its territory undetected . CNN 's Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : Analysts say wrecked chopper likely was a stealth aircraft Reuters published graphic photos of the compound Wednesday The pictures include the bodies of three men and helicopter wreckage Other photos show the helicopter abandoned by the SEAL team
CNN  -- A federal court jury in Detroit has awarded a $ 4.5 million judgment to the University of Michigan 's first openly gay student body president in his suit against a former Michigan assistant attorney general who had written disparagingly about him on the Internet , the student 's lawyer said . The jury came back with the award late Thursday against Andrew Shirvell , said Deborah Gordon , a lawyer representing the plaintiff , Chris Armstrong , 22 , who graduated last year . A U.S. District Court jury found in Armstrong 's favor on four counts -- defamation , stalking , intentional infliction of emotional distress and invasion of privacy , Gordon told CNN in a telephone interview . Shirvell was fired from his job in the attorney general 's office in 2010 after targeting the student leader online and in person -- then lying about his actions to investigators , state Attorney General Mike Cox said at the time . Targeted student : ` It 's hard not to say something ' Shirvell "  repeatedly violated office policies , engaged in borderline stalking behavior and inappropriately used state resources , " Cox said , referring to Shirvell 's activities during his work day . Asked for specifics about Shirvell 's conduct , Armstrong lawyer Gordon said , "  He said  Armstrong  had an orgy in a dorm room and sex in a park and that he had liquored up underage freshmen to recruit them to the ` homosexual lifestyle . ' " Shirvell also referred to Armstrong as "  Satan 's representative " on the Michigan Student Assembly , she said . "  He 's a little out there , " Gordon continued . Shirvell , himself a University of Michigan alumnus , told CNN that he is "  100 % confident that the verdict will be overturned on appeal . " "  I think the jury award is grossly excessive , " he said . "  It 's absolutely outrageous . The jury 's verdict was a complete trampling of my First Amendment rights . " He told CNN in 2010 that Armstrong "  is a radical homosexual activist who got elected ... to promote a very deep , radical agenda at the University of Michigan . " From the archives : Assistant attorney general blogs against gay student body president Shirvell cited Armstrong 's push for gender-neutral campus housing as something he opposed . "  What we 're talking about is any man or woman wanting to choose to live together , " he said at the time . "  That 's a radical redefinition of gender norms . " Gordon said that Shirvell 's claim is without merit . "  It 's really simple , " she said . "  Defamation refers to statements that are false that you say about another person . If you say my neighbor is having sex in a park with children , which is literally kind of what he said here , that is defamation . That is not First Amendment-protected . It 's not opinion . It 's provable as false . You can be held responsible financially . "  He wants to put all his crap -- which is nothing but a bunch of fabricated lies -- under the umbrella of the First Amendment . Shame on him . " Gordon said the multimillion-dollar judgment "  is probably not collectable " at this time , since Shirvell has no job . But she said that had never been the point of the lawsuit . "  We 've only always wanted Chris ' name cleared , " she said . "  All he  Shirvell  had to do was retract his lies " and Armstrong would have dropped the case . She said Armstrong has graduated and is currently employed , but did not want to divulge for whom he is working .	NEW : Shirvell calls jury award "  grossly excessive " Jury finds in Armstrong 's favor on four counts , including defamation "  He 's a little out there , " lawyer says of Shirvell Shirvell accused Armstrong of promoting a "  radical agenda "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Claims by Diana 's former butler that he knew a mysterious "  secret " about the late princess have been trashed by the coroner in her inquest . Diana 's former butler has given conflicting information at the enquiry into her death . The coroner said the information was already in the public domain and some of it was even mentioned in one of Paul Burrell 's own books . Considered the first star witness of the inquest , Burrell 's appearance Tuesday was delayed after the coroner asked him to retrieve the last letter the princess gave him . Monday , the ex-butler -- once described by the princess as "  her rock " -- told the inquest the letter contained a "  secret , " which he claimed he could not remember . After returning to London from his home in northern England Tuesday , Burrell said the letter was not there , but at his home in Florida . He then handed the coroner a note that he said contained the supposed secret . The coroner revealed that what Burrell referred to was that Diana was planning to buy property to live in part of the time and that the location may have been in the United States or South Africa . The coroner said the revelation is "  fairly and squarely in the public domain " and that some of the information appeared in Burrell 's book "  The Way We Were . " Explaining the apparent discrepancies in his testimony , Burrell said he was confused by the cross-examination , which he described as "  horrid " and "  disgraceful . " The questioning of the former butler is expected to continue Wednesday . Diana and her boyfriend , Dodi Fayed , died in a Paris tunnel in the early hours of August 31 , 1997 , along with their driver , Henri Paul . They had driven away from the Ritz Hotel in a black Mercedes with paparazzi chasing behind . There has been speculation that the couple had planned a big announcement the night they died . Photographers have testified they had heard rumors Diana would say she was getting engaged to Fayed or having a baby . Watch report on claims about Diana 's marriage plans " Burrell did not take the stand until Tuesday afternoon . Earlier in the day , the inquest heard from Diana 's former lawyer , who said the princess had claimed Queen Elizabeth was planning to abdicate in April 1996 and allow Prince Charles to be king . Maggie Rae said at the inquest that Diana also believed there was a plot to seriously injure her in an accident . Rae said the claims came at a meeting with her legal team at Kensington Palace in which the princess also made clear her belief that the succession of the English crown should skip a generation to her son , William . The morning 's evidence also heard that Britain 's top police officer had advised the queen against allowing Diana to go on holiday with Mohamed al Fayed , the father of Dodi . In a note from Chief Superintendent Dai Davies , head of the Royal Protection Squad , that was read out to the court , it was stated that he and Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Condon believed that the planned holiday was "  unwise . " Al Fayed -- a successful businessman and owner of the London luxury store Harrods -- was considered a controversial figure at the time . Diana defied the advice and went on the trip . It was during this holiday on the tycoon 's luxury yacht in the French resort of St. Tropez that she met Dodi Fayed . During her testimony , Rae also gave an insight into the princess 's lifestyle , which she described as "  odd " and "  lonely . " She said she did not believe Diana 's claims of a conspiracy against her . "  I remember one occasion when she told me about her weekend and she had been alone in those rather silent set of apartments . She had heated her own food in the microwave , " Rae told the court . "  I thought she lived in a very odd environment . I thought she was quite lonely . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Claims by Diana 's butler that he knew "  secret " about her trashed by coroner Paul Burrell asked to testify about the last letter the late princess gave him Coroner revealed Burrell 's "  secret " was Diana planned to buy property abroad But coroner said the revelation is "  fairly and squarely in the public domain "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- An American Airlines Boeing 757 made an emergency landing at Los Angeles International Airport an hour after taking off because the crew smelled smoke in the cockpit , a fire department official said . Inflatable chutes extend from a jet that made an emergency landing Tuesday in Los Angeles . American Airlines spokesman John Hotard said there was evidence of smoke in the cabin , but he could not say if it was visible or just an odor . Flight 31 was headed from Los Angeles to Honolulu , Hawaii . There were 188 passengers and seven crew members aboard . When it landed , the pilot ordered an emergency evacuation . Passengers evacuated by inflatable slides . Watch passengers slide down chutes " "  It was split-second , ` Go , go , go . Do n't take any bags with you . Just go , get off , ' " said passenger Julie Brown . "  And we just walked to the exit door , and there 's that huge slide . " Five passengers had minor cuts and bruises , Hotard said . Hotard said the flight was the first of the day for the aircraft , and there were no reports of problems with it in the past 30 days . The pilot requested an emergency landing as a precaution , Hotard said . Watch as official tells what happened " American Airlines spokesman Tim Smith said most passengers would take an afternoon flight to Hawaii , although he added that a "  handful " of passengers were not continuing to Honolulu . He did not specify why . CNN 's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	Honolulu-bound American jet lands at Los Angeles International Airport Pilot requests emergency landing after smoke in cabin reported , official says Passengers slide down inflatable chutes to get out of cabin ; minor injuries reported
TRIPOLI , Libya  CNN  -- When Libya 's National Transitional Council set up shop in the capital , Tripoli , it found the cupboard was bare . "  We only had $ 13.5 million in the Central Bank of Libya , " according to Ali Tarhouni , the oil and economy Minister and one of the first senior officials of the NTC to arrive in the capital . Moammar Gadhafi was on the run , but an acute shortage of Libyan dinar -- the national currency -- threatened to stop the revolution in its tracks . "  I was willing to do anything to get the urgent needs to the Libyans , " Tarhouni said last week . "  We used parallel markets in the exchange of the money . " "  Parallel markets " meant wealthy currency dealers in Benghazi , who apparently had many more dinar at their disposal than Gadhafi 's Central Bank in Tripoli or the rebels ' own Central Bank in Benghazi . With names like Golden Dinar and Sahara International , they became the financial lubricant of anti-Gadhafi forces . The NTC 's financial arm , the Temporary Financing Mechanism , had by then already tapped into this informal network of foreign exchange dealers , but not without some controversy . Early in August , according to one source familiar with the TFM 's dealings , it exchanged $ 10 million at a rate of 1.45 dinar to the dollar . The source said that was less than the prevailing market rate of 1.55 dinar , suggesting that the dealer involved did exceptionally well . Another transaction later in August also appeared to be at less than the market rate . "  On what basis did they choose those dealers and those exchange rates ? " the source asked . One currency dealer in Benghazi , Ibrahim Salaby , said the TFM 's dealings smacked of favoritism . . The TFM says all its dealings have been transparent . It says it had to use the "  parallel " market and was sanctioned to do so by the rebels ' "  Central Bank , " which was established in Benghazi soon after Gadhafi 's forces were ejected from the city . TFM officials said the central bank simply did not have the available funds to exchange large sums of cash , so it designated exchange dealers to be used . E-mails obtained by CNN suggest that those dealers drove a hard bargain with the TFM . One wrote in August that he was withdrawing an offer to exchange at a rate of 1.45 dinar to the dollar because "  no transfer was made , with situation changing in Libya . ... Therefore we had to change the ex-rate to be 1.3 LD/US . " In the chaos of the uprising , there was plenty of cash floating -- and flying -- around Libya . Much of it came from the Gulf and went to groups and fighters beyond the NTC 's control . On one occasion , according to the TFM 's director , Mazin Ramadan , a currency trader arrived at Benghazi airport short of 20,000 dinar . The money was due to leave on a flight to aid civilians in the western mountains who had n't received salaries and pensions . Time was short , and a TFM official who had previously spent his own cash on a project was told to take an equivalent sum from a stockpile of cash held on board the plane . A guard thought he was stealing and reported the incident . "  It was a bad judgment call on his part , " says Ramadan of the official , "  and I paid for it through the gossip channels . " "  It was a big mistake not communicating every step of our work . We were too busy getting things done , " Ramadan says . But he insists the TFM has had plenty of oversight . "  We have a steering board which includes a representative from the governments of Qatar and France . We have an independent financial managing agent ... They have to approve every transaction , every exchange and every project we do , " he told CNN in an e-mail . As for the shortage of Libyan dinar , that has eased , in part thanks to the Royal Air Force . At the end of August it flew banknotes worth 280 million dinar to Benghazi , part of a stock of 1.86 billion dinar that had been frozen in the United Kingdom with the passage of UN Security Council Resolution 1970 .	Libya 's new government was faced with urgent financial needs , says an official The NTC used "  parallel markets " to exchange incoming monies for local currency "  Parallel markets " meant dealing with wealthy currency dealers Criticism has arisen over exchange rates and expenditures
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- President Park Geun-hye of South Korea has dismissed her press spokesman after concluding that he was involved in an "  unsavory incident " during a state visit to the United States , her office said . Police in Washington said they were investigating a report of sexual abuse . The spokesman , Yoon Chang-jung , "  showed inappropriate conduct as a high-ranking official and damaged the dignity of the country by being personally involved in an unsavory incident , " the chief presidential press secretary , Lee Nam-ki , said in a statement Thursday from Los Angeles . The embarrassing affair adds an awkward coda to the five-day visit to the United States by Park , South Korea 's first female president . During the high-profile trip , her first since taking office in February , she met with President Barack Obama to discuss the recent tensions with North Korea along with other strategic and economic issues . The South Korean Embassy in Washington now is investigating the incident , Lee said without providing further details on what Yoon is alleged to have done . The presidential office in Seoul did n't respond to repeated requests for further comment . Asked about the matter , Gwendolyn Crump , a spokeswoman for the Metropolitan Police Department in Washington , said , "  We are investigating the report of a misdemeanor sexual abuse . We can not comment further , at this time . " In South Korea , the Democratic Party , the leading opposition group , called for Park to publicly apologize over the matter on Friday , the semiofficial news agency Yonhap reported . Park and her office "  should deeply reflect on their appointment of the wrong personnel and apologize to the people , " said Kim Kwan-young , the party 's senior spokesman , according to Yonhap . Park is due to arrive back in Seoul on Friday evening . Journalist Soo Bin Park reported from Seoul , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Alison Harding in Washington and Judy Kwon in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	The president 's office says a spokesman "  damaged the dignity of the country " It took place during President Park Geun-hye 's official visit to the United States Police in Washington say they are investigating a report of sexual abuse
It 's the land of Pope John Paul II , Frederic Chopin and really good cheese . To celebrate Poland 's 25 years of independence , June 4 , 2014 , we asked readers to share their favorite things about the country . Do n't pay attention to the outdated stereotypes . From gorgeous town squares to wise octogenarians to the uniquely Polish sense of humor , the list above is bound to make you start planning a trip to Poland this year . See all submissions for the best things about Poland in English and Polish via CNN iReport and Polish news network Kontakt24 .	View readers ' 25 favorite things about Poland above Add to the list via CNN iReport
CNN  -- President Obama embarked Thursday on his first presidential visit to Asia , an eight-day journey that will take him to five cities in four countries . Throughout the trip to Japan , Singapore , China and South Korea , Obama will emphasize the importance of Asian nations as vital U.S. partners on major issues such as economic growth , nuclear nonproliferation , the war in Afghanistan and climate change , three officials said in a briefing this week . The presidential itinerary includes formal talks with Asian leaders as a group and individually , a bilateral meeting with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , and the first participation by a U.S. president in a summit of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations economic alliance . The itinerary also reflects Obama 's personal ties to Asia , where he spent part of his childhood . He will have a bilateral meeting with President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia , where Obama lived from 1967 to 1971 . As the first U.S. president with "  an Asia-Pacific orientation , " Obama "  understands that the future of our prosperity and our security is very much tied to this part of the world , " said Ben Rhodes , deputy national security adviser for strategic communications . It wo n't be all diplomatic meetings , though . Obama 's first trip to China will include a "  town hall " style meeting in Shanghai and sightseeing in Beijing . While in Japan he 'll meet the emperor and empress , according to Rhodes . Obama 's departure was delayed one day to allow his attendance at Tuesday 's memorial service at Fort Hood Army Post in Texas for the 13 people killed in a mass shooting there last week . The revised itinerary cut a day from the stop in Singapore , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said earlier this week . En route to Tokyo , Obama will take time in Anchorage , Alaska , to speak to troops at Elmendorf Air Force Base during a two-hour layover . The president will meet with new Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama , Chinese President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao , Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , Medvedev and Yudhoyono , and also will take part in an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit . APEC consists of 21 Pacific Rim nations that make up more than 50 percent of the world 's economic output . The forum sees its goal as "  facilitating economic growth , cooperation , trade and investment in the Asia-Pacific region . " Hatoyama and Obama have said they will affirm a strengthening of the bilateral alliance . But the U.S. president will be greeted by a Japanese leadership that has pledged more independence from the United States and has said it is reviewing a bilateral deal to relocate a U.S. Marine Corps base on Okinawa . The agreement was met with fierce local opposition . Increasing U.S. exports to a region expected to grow by more than 7 percent next year will also be an important topic , said Michael Froman , deputy national security adviser for international economic affairs . Asia "  already takes about a quarter of our exports , and those exports are expected to increase as the region grows " Froman said . The result could be an increase of "  hundreds of thousands " in the current 1.6 million U.S. jobs linked to Asian exports , he said . The officials were careful to avoid any perception that Obama 's presence at the ASEAN meeting would amount to a bilateral discussion with the prime minister of Myanmar , who also will attend . After years of refusing direct talks with Myanmar , also known as Burma , the United States has indicated a possible re-engagement with the military regime it considers repressive for cracking down on political opposition , including the National League for Democracy led by detained Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi . "  The statement we 're trying to make here is that we 're not going to let the Burmese tail wag the ASEAN dog , " said Jeffrey Bader , the National Security Council 's senior director for East Asian affairs . "  We 're going to meet with all 10 and we 're not going to punish the other nine simply because Burma is in the room , but this is not a bilateral -LSB- meeting -RSB- . " In China , Obama will continue efforts to define and strengthen the relationship with the world 's largest emerging economy , which has a growing influence in Asia , Bader said . "  We see it as a relationship where we 're obviously going to have differences , where we are going to be competitors in certain respects , " he said . "  But we want to maximize areas where we can work together because the global challenges will simply not be met if we do n't . " Bader cited North Korea 's nuclear weapons program , the economy , climate change , human rights and Afghanistan as among the top issues for the China swing . On human rights , Bader said Obama is likely to address "  freedom of expression , access to information , freedom of religion , rule of law , and certainly Tibet . " Obama will make clear to Hu that he intends to meet in the future with the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader , Bader said . China , which rejects Tibetan aspirations for autonomy , opposes such high-level contacts with the Dalai Lama . On North Korea , the State Department announced Tuesday that U.S. officials will travel to the country by the end of the year to seek a resumption of broader talks on ending the Pyongyang government 's nuclear program . The Obama administration has claimed initial progress in its strategy of forging an international effort including China , South Korea and other countries to put pressure on North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions . Japan has been asking for a comprehensive solution to North Korea 's missile tests and the abduction of Japanese citizens in the 1970s . North Korea and South Korea reported an encounter Tuesday involving gunfire between two of their naval ships off the Korean Peninsula . No casualties were reported , and a State Department spokesman downplayed the significance of the incident . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Kyung Lah and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama will speak at Elmendorf Air Base in Alaska en route to Japan . Discussions in Japan will include status of U.S. base in Okinawa Obama will fly to APEC summit in Singapore and then China Trade likely to be major topic when Obama meets China 's Hu
London  CNN  -- Amanda Levete 's north London office is nestled between a giant prison and a handful of industrial units . It 's an unassuming HQ for woman responsible for such ground-breaking buildings as the Lord 's Media Center and the upcoming 140,000 square-meter Bangkok Central Embassy . "  I like the fact that it does n't look like an architect 's office from the outside , " said Levete . "  I choose to be in an edgy area where there are no other architects . " However , once inside the warehouse-like building , there 's no doubt you 've come to the right place . The vast open plan interior is dotted with cardboard architects ' models in glass cabinets . There 's a thick red carpet and the 50-odd staff and visitors leave shoes at the door to pad around in socks or bare feet . The wisdom of women : Whose words inspire you ? Levete , 57 , has had offices here for a year . Four years ago , she set up her own practice after the death of her former husband , with whom she had worked for 20 years . On the day we meet , Levete has just flown back from Portugal where she was talking about one of her latest projects , a new cultural center in a former industrial area on the banks of the river in Lisbon . "  It 's about regenerating the riverfront , but we need to connect it back to the city , both literally , conceptually and socially , " she said . "  We have created public spaces on the roof and in front of the building , so the roof will be a destination itself . "  Public spaces for me are a very important aspect of architecture , where people meet and ideas are exchanged that drive society forward . " Levete went to a top independent school in London , but left at the age of 16 , planning to go to art college . "  I was quite independent at 16 , " she said . "  I was quite impetuous , I never felt daunted . "  If my children decided to leave school at 16 , I would find that difficult as a parent , but I did n't ask my parents ' opinion . It was n't up for debate . " While doing a foundation art course , Levete became interested in architecture and acquired the A-level qualifications she needed . "  I started reading about art history and discovered architecture , " she said . "  It had n't crossed my radar before . " Also on Leading Women : Arianna Huffington tells women ` Less stress , more living ' Early in her career , Levete worked for high profile British "  starchitects " Richard Rogers and Will Alsop . In 1989 , Levete joined the Czech architect Jan Kaplicky as a partner in his practice Future Systems , and shortly afterward they were married . During their 20-year partnership , Levete and Kaplicky worked on the unusual Media Center at Lord 's Cricket Ground , a spaceship-like structure that appears to hover above the ground , and a new Selfridges department store in Birmingham . Lord 's Media Center , the first all-aluminum building in the world , won a host of awards , including the Stirling Prize , Britain 's most prestigious architectural prize , in 1999 . "  It was probably the most complex and ground breaking project we will ever do , " said Levete . "  It was built by a boat builder , but 12 meters in the air , rather than upside down in a boat yard . "  The MCC  Marylebone Cricket Club  , who were our clients , were one of the great bastions of the British establishment , taking on a very radical building , so there were tensions . " While working on Lord 's Media Centre , Levete had her son Josef , taking no time off for maternity leave . "  I was doing the competition report in hospital , " she said . "  It was ridiculous , but it was worth it . It was tough , but I was so high from having a baby and doing the competition , that I just got on with it . I was extremely tired for many years . " Their next big project was a new Selfridges store in Birmingham , England , in 2003 , winning multiple awards for its faÃ § ade of aluminum discs and becoming a landmark of the city . "  The building has become completely synonymous with Birmingham . It 's a powerful piece of iconography and people go just to ride on the escalators as well as to shop , " said Levete . Read more : The woman using social media to predict the future Levete and Kaplicky eventually divorced , but continued to work together until his sudden death in Prague in 2009 , albeit with a strained relationship towards the end . "  Jan and I almost had two offices for some time , " said Levete . "  The people working with me stayed with me , and the people working with him would have gone with him if he had not died . " After Kaplicky 's death , Levete set up her own practice , AL_A with four other directors . "  The change happened under traumatic circumstances , " she said . "  It was a very difficult time and I underestimated how difficult the transition would be . "  We had a significant reputation as Future Systems , and starting AL_A , we had that as our heritage but not our future . "  It took a good two or three years for the office to bed down and establish its own identify . " AL_A is now thriving . In addition to the Lisbon cultural center , and a 140,000 square-meter hotel and shopping center in Bangkok , Levete was chosen in 2012 as the winning design for a new underground extension to the Victoria and Albert Museum in London . "  We are creating a vast courtyard in front of the building , it 's going to be the first porcelain courtyard , " said Levete . "  It will be like an outdoor room where people can meet and hang out , so they can delay the decision to enter the museum . " On several occasions , Levete has collaborated with the Indian-born British sculptor Anish Kapoor , including on a design for a new subway station in Naples . Despite 10 years of work , this is now on hold after the contractor building it went bankrupt . Amanda Levete is a judge for the Designs of the Year Award . All nominations are on display at the Design Museum , London .	Amanda Levete is working on a much-anticipated extension to London 's Victoria and Albert Museum She won the Stirling Prize for her iconic Media Center at Lord 's Cricket Ground Levete is running her own practice after 20 years with her late former husband Jan Kaplicky
EW.com  -- "  Law & Order : SVU " costar Stephanie March has just landed a key role in a CBS drama pilot . March , who plays ADA Alexandra Cabot on the long-running NBC crime drama , has landed the part of Natalie in CBS ' "  Baby Big Shot . " The project is a legal drama about a working-class woman  Janet Montgomery  who uses her street smarts to compete with her more polished colleagues at top New York law firms . March 's character is "  Spence-educated Manhattan royalty , " a high-ranking law firm associate who aspires to run the firm someday . Kyle MacLachlan also costars in the project . March was an "  SVU " series regular during seasons 2 , 3 , and 4 and went part-time in seasons 5 , 6 , 10 , and 11 , then returned this season in a semi-recurring role . If "  Baby Big Shot " gets a series order , we 're told she could still potentially make appearances on "  SVU . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Stephanie March plays ADA Alexandra Cabot on "  Law & Order : SVU " March has landed the part of Natalie in CBS ' "  Baby Big Shot . " March 's character is "  Spence-educated Manhattan royalty , " a high-ranking law firm associate
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama returned to Louisiana Friday -- the president 's second trip to the Gulf region in two weeks as the administration continued its efforts to contain the BP oil spill and stay on top of what has now become a major political issue . Among other things , Obama was scheduled to visit to Louisiana 's Grand Isle and meet with local business leaders directly impacted by the spill . Shortly after arriving , he huddled with U.S. Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen -- the federal government 's response manager -- and both state and local elected officials . Included in the list of officials meeting the president : Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , Alabama Gov. Bob Reilly , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , Louisiana Sen. David Vitter and New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu . Obama 's latest visit came as BP finally started to siphon oil from the ruptured undersea well . BP is currently preparing to shut four vents on top of a containment cap from which oil has been escaping into the ocean . Closing the vents would greatly reduce the amount of oozing crude . No one , however , can say with certainty whether BP 's latest effort to contain and recover the oil will succeed . Obama refused to provide details about attempts to seal off the well , but said "  it does appear that the cap at least for now is holding . " He quickly added , however , that it 's "  way too early to be optimistic . " Officials should know more about the success or failure of the effort in next 24 to 48 hours , he said . "  I 'm long out of the prediction business on this , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters on Air Force One en route to Louisiana . "  Everyone is hopeful that this works . " The president later stressed BP 's "  moral and legal obligations " to the Gulf region , promising that federal officials will be watching BP to ensure the company is n't "  lawyering up . " Obama noted that BP is spending millions of dollars on television ads designed to improve the company 's image , as well as distributing billions in sharehold dividends . I do not want BP "  nickel and diming folks " in the Gulf , he said . Obama , who previously said he is "  furious at  the  entire situation , " has been criticized by some political observers for failing to show enough empathy and emotional involvement in the response to the spill . Fifty-one percent of adult Americans disapproved of Obama 's handling of the spill in a May 21-23 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll , while 46 percent approved . Obama told CNN 's Larry King Thursday that "  I 'd love to spend my time venting and yelling at people  about the situation in the Gulf  , but that 's not the job I was hired to do . My job is to solve this problem . " Democratic strategist James Carville told CNN Friday he does n't worry that Obama "  does n't emote that well or something like that . " But the president , he said , "  is a man of formidable intelligence . He has a ton of power , and I think what we want to do is feel that power ... and let people feel the wrath  and know  that he 's standing up " for them . Crist expressed some sympathy for Obama . Crist acknowledged Friday the situation in the Gulf is "  emotional , " but asserted that the president is "  trying to do the best job he can . " "  You 've got to keep a cool head in order to win a hot game , " he said . "  You 've got to keep your wits about you to lead with honor . " Daily Beast political columnist John Avlon said Friday that while part of Obama 's "  narrative " is that "  he 's cool , " the president needs to show he 's "  feeling the pain of the problem on the ground . We 're a quick fix culture  and  we have a vivid problem unfolding in the Gulf . That 's starting to affect  the  perception of this administration in the larger sense . " The BP well erupted after an explosion and fire on the leased Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on April 20 that killed 11 people . The rig sank two days later , leaving up to 19,000 barrels  798,000 gallons  of oil pouring into the Gulf daily , according to federal estimates . BP , rig owner Transocean and oilfield services contractor Halliburton have all pointed fingers at each other for the disaster .	NEW : Obama says officials should have a good idea in 24-48 hours if efforts to stop the leak are succeeding NEW : Obama emphasized BP 's moral and legal obligations to Gulf residents Obama met with the governors of Louisiana , Alabama , and Florida , among others Obama returned to the Gulf region Friday to discuss the oil spill with local business and political leaders
CNN  -- The coming elections seem to have fired up an intergenerational war , with the older population cast as the "  greedy geezers " eating so much of the pie that they leave only crumbs for the younger generation . Both Republicans and Democrats say that entitlements must be cut . The main losers of these cuts will be Americans older than 65 who collect Social Security and cash in Medicare checks . At the same time , both parties agree that we must spend more on the education of the young if we are to remain competitive in the world markets . Taking from the old is justified on the grounds that they take more out of Social Security than they paid in , while the young , who pay for Social Security , will find that the program has gone belly-up by the time they retire . Well-heeled older people are said to be enjoying the good life while the young ca n't find jobs and are saddled with debt . Charles Lane , writing in the Washington Post , makes the point with numbers . He cites a report from Pew Charitable Trusts that says the median net worth of households headed by those 65 or older rose between 1984 and 2009 by more than $ 170,000 . At the same time , that of households headed by those 35 or younger shrank by 68 % , to less than $ 4,000 . Sixty percent of seniors find it easy to pay their bills and the same percentage expect their quality of their life to improve in the near future . Others use rather strong emotive terms . Stephen Marche , writing for Esquire , refers to a "  bleeding up of the national wealth " to the elderly from today 's disenfranchised youth . The Minnesota Daily editorial board asserts that "  while no parent would honestly sell out their children , the U.S has done just that . " Dale Brandy , writing in the American Thinker , defines Social Security in terms of a class struggle between the "  young ` have-nots ' ... against the power , wealth , and influence of the older ` haves . ' " Health care expert Karl Stockton writes that the "  elderly receive the lion 's share  of health benefits  while breaking the backs of the young . " It makes the elderly sound like the 1 % that 99 % of the young should rail against . These hostile statements ignore some elementary and some surprising facts . Social Security comes close to paying for itself , after some recent revisions . The way to curb Medicare , which after all is merely a big reimbursement machine , is to cut the costs of health care rather than leave old people to chose between medications and their meals . Most important , it should surprise no one that people who completed the work years have earned and saved more than those who are just beginning to work or are early in their work career . And elementary fairness says that people who worked all their lives and saved a considerable share of their earnings rather than spent it all , should be allowed to live out their remaining years in reasonable comfort . CNN Money : Senior victims lose average of $ 140,500 to financial abuse Utterly ignored in all these tirades against the old , is the notion that the elderly get much more than young is based merely on public budgets and pays no mind to what happens to the large mountains of private dough . The data leave not the slightest doubt that our seniors , far from spending it all on a big going-out party during their retired years -- which they surely are entitled to and could do -- give trillions of dollars to the young in gifts . A study conducted by John J. Havens and Paul G. Schervish of the Center on Wealth and Philanthropy at Boston College predicts that between 1998 and 2052 , a minimum of $ 41 trillion will pass from one generation to the next . They estimate that more than half of these funds will be transferred through bequests to heirs , about a quarter will go to estate taxes and fees , and the rest will be given to charities . There seems to be no statistics about the billions grandparents spend , while still living , on their grandchild 's first car , first house , college tuition , and such , but looking around me I find these amounts seem to vastly exceed what grandchildren grant their old folks . There is always room for reallocating our public budgets , such as cutting the hundreds of billions we are spending in Afghanistan and employing them in nation building at home , or stopping corporate welfare . We may even have to cap entitlements . But the last thing we need is another heated confrontation and a new line of social division . Instead , children and grandchildren should draft thank you notes to their elders for saving so much and leaving trillions behind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni : The idea is growing that the old get all the benefits while young suffer But retirees have earned and saved more over the years and should live in comfort , he says Curbing costs of health care would curb Medicare ; he writes : Social Security can pay for itself Etzioni : In terms of private money , older people give trillions of dollars to the young in gifts
CNN  -- Facebook games will have to reveal any in-app charges and will no longer be allowed to give players bonuses for "  liking " their pages under new rules rolled out for developers this week . The changes were part of a new version of the platform developers use to build games and other apps and share them with Facebook users . The developers will have 90 days to comply with the new rules . So-called "  freemium " games and other apps have become a popular choice for developers using Facebook or other platforms , like Apple 's iOS and Google 's Android mobile operating systems . Instead of paying for an app up front , players may download a game for free . In most cases , they can then play a basic version of that game , but get access to new content or in-game items that help their progress by paying . In addition to being arguably deceptive , this approach also has brought attention through several cases in which children have unknowingly racked up thousands of dollars worth of charges by making purchases in games that their parents did n't realize allowed that option . "  If your game includes mandatory or optional in-app charges , explain this in your app 's description , " Facebook 's new rule reads . The curb on encouraging "  likes " appears to be an effort by Facebook to keep developers from artificially inflating the popularity of their games . On Facebook , a page 's popularity is judged , in part , by the number of likes , posts , comments and shares it gets . More popular pages rank higher in the site 's search results and are shown to more users . It 's not uncommon for games to offer players extra in-game items for liking their page . But intentionally pumping up a page 's popularity is a problem Facebook has been working to control . In the worst case scenario , "  like farming " is being done by someone who shares content with no other purpose than to make it go viral . Once the page has gotten lots of likes , the owner can strip it down and change it to a page promoting a product or service or even sell it to someone else on black-market sites . Facebook has worked to crack down on that practice with tools including one that devalues any post that specifically asks users to like or share it . Facebook : Get Messenger app or else Facebook treats you like a lab rat	Facebook will make games that have in-app purchase announce it up-front Games also can no longer give rewards for liking their page Developers have 90 days to comply with the new rules
CNN  -- After sparking controversy to have designer John Galliano teach a three-day master class at Parsons The New School for Design , the school announced on Wednesday the class has been canceled . "  An important element of the planned workshop with John Galliano was a candid conversation about the connection between his professional work and his actions in the world at large , " said Parsons in a statement . "  Unfortunately , we could not reach consensus with Mr. Galliano on the conditions of this conversation , and the program could not move forward . " The former chief designer for Christian Dior is not new to controversy . In 2011 , he was fired and convicted of making anti-Semitic comments . In a previous statement , Parsons said the class was expected to give students an opportunity to learn from "  an immensely talented designer . " Soon after the class was announced , a petition was created on Change.org against Galliano teaching at Parsons and generated more than 2,100 supporters . Galliano was fired from the fashion giant in March 2011 after making anti-Semitic remarks in Paris . Later that year , a French court found him guilty for making public insults based on origin , religious affiliation , race or ethnicity . "  I love Hitler , " Galliano said in a video obtained by Britain 's Sun newspaper . "  Your mother , your forefathers would be f -- ing gassed and f -- ing dead . " In his trial , he said that alcohol and drugs were major factors , which he realized during a stint in rehab after he was fired . Galliano apologized , saying , "  Anti-Semitism and racism have no part in our society . " He added : "  I only have myself to blame , and I know that I must face up to my own failures and that I must work hard to gain people 's understanding and compassion . " Abraham Foxman , national director for the Anti-Defamation League , said Tuesday in a statement , "  I think it 's time that John Galliano be evaluated on his skills . " "  He apologized , he repaired , he reached out . We should just move on . I think that 's the fair thing to do . I 'm delighted for Parsons , and I 'm delighted for him , " Foxman added . In their earlier statement , Parsons acknowledged the controversy saying , "  We believe that over the past two years , Mr. Galliano has demonstrated a serious intent to make amends for his past actions . " CNN 's Sheila Steffen contributed to this report .	Parsons The New School for Design cancels John Galliano 's master class Parsons says Galliano and the school could not reach a consensus about the class Former Christian Dior designer was convicted in France in 2011 for anti-Semitic remarks Anti-Defamation League : We accept his apologize ; "  we should just move on "
CNN  -- Algerian troops ended a hostage crisis at a remote gas facility Saturday with one last , bloody assault , Algerian and Western officials said , after three days of chaos and confusion left dozens dead and fanned fears of a new terror front in Africa . At least 23 hostages and 32 "  terrorists " were killed around the sprawling facility in eastern Algeria 's desert , the Algerian interior ministry said Saturday . Some 685 Algerian workers and 107 foreigners have been freed , it said . It is not clear just how many people are still unaccounted for . A senior U.S. official said two Americans were among that number . The saga closed after a "  final " assault , which itself contributed to the deaths of seven hostages and 11 militants , according to Algerian state media reports . An Algerian Radio report did not specify the nationalities of those killed . CNN is unable to verify the state media figures on the deaths . Afterward , Algeria 's military continued to clear mines planted by militants , the official Algerian Press Service reported , citing the country 's state-owned oil and gas company . "  While the site is still dangerous and there may be explosives that will need to be dealt with , the terrorist incident is now over , " said British Prime Minister David Cameron , citing his conversation with his Algerian counterpart . The militant siege caught the world 's attention as it ensnared citizens from several nations and dragged on for days . Algerian authorities said they believe the attack was revenge for allowing France to use Algerian airspace for an offensive against Islamist militants in neighboring Mali . Whatever the rationale , the scale and gore of the terror has stirred world leaders to press for action beyond Algeria , especially with Islamic extremists asserting themselves more and more in recent weeks . "  Let me be clear : There is no justification for taking innocent life in this way , " Cameron said . "  Our determination is stronger than ever to work with allies ... around the world to root out and defeat this terrorist scourge and those who encourage it . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Algerian authorities "  certainly worked very hard to try to save the lives of people from other countries.Â I think it 's actually too early to pass judgment on  the Algerian military operation  . " U.S. President Barack Obama said his administration would work with other countries to "  combat the scourge of terrorism in the region , which has claimed too many innocent lives . This attack is another reminder of the threat posed by al Qaeda and other violent extremist groups in North Africa . " In a statement , Obama said the United States will work with Algeria to prevent future such incidents . Crisis highlights pressure , potential on Algeria Algerian special forces moved in because the terrorists wanted to flee for Mali -- apparently to pressure France and others who have recently intervened in that country -- Algerian state TV reported Saturday . The Islamic extremists also planned to blow up the gas installation , a threat that initially prompted Algeria to halt its military operation . The location was rigged to explode , with mines planted throughout , according to the senior U.S. official . Algeria 's status as Africa 's largest natural gas producer , and as a major supplier of the product to Europe , heightens its importance to other nations and businesses who want to invest there . Yet that interest is coupled with pressure to make sure foreign nationals , and their business ventures , are safe . The targeted plant in In Amenas , which is just 50 kilometers  30 miles  west of the Libyan border , is run by Algeria 's state oil company , in cooperation with foreign firms such as Norway 's Statoil and Britain 's BP . Saturday 's last push there follows another one two days earlier , which spurred criticism from some countries that Algeria had unnecessarily endangered hostages ' lives . British Defense Secretary Philip Hammond said Britain was still pressing the Algerian government for full details , while confirming the Saturday assault resulted in more deaths . He called the loss of life "  appalling and unacceptable , " laying blame solely on the terrorists . Like Cameron , Norwegian foreign ministry spokesman Svein Michelsen confirmed that the Algerian military offensive was over , but did not offer further details . Nations scramble to account for missing The overall death toll could rise , Algerian state TV reports , as authorities are still combing the area . Amid the uncertainty , individual nations are scrambling to find out what happened to their citizens . It is not clear how many hostages were seized by the Islamist militants in the first place . Five Norwegians are missing while "  eight are now safe , " Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said . Five British nationals and one UK resident are missing or feared dead in Algeria , Hague told reporters . This is in addition to one Briton , whose death was previously announced . Colombia 's president said a citizen was presumed dead . The Scottish government said eight of its residents are safe . There are no known French hostages unaccounted for , a Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Saturday . Three French nationals who were at the site are safe , the foreign ministry has said . One man -- identified as Yann Desjeux -- died after telling the French newspaper Sud Ouest on Thursday that he and 34 other hostages of nine different nationalities were well-treated . Of the BP employees , 14 are safe , and four BP employees are still missing in Algeria , BP Chief Executive Bob Dudley said . At least one American , identified as Frederick Buttaccio , is among the dead , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . The senior U.S. official told CNN that six freed Americans left Algeria and one remained . One Romanian lost his life , a spokeswoman for the Romanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs told CNN on Saturday . Four other Romanians were freed . And there are 14 Japanese unaccounted for , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said . Malaysia 's state-run news agency reported Thursday that two of its citizens were held captive . Dramatic tales of escape from terror When the crisis began Wednesday , militants gathered the Westerners into a group and tied them up , survivors said . The kidnappers wielded AK-47 rifles and put explosive-laden vests on some hostages , according to a U.S. State Department official . Some survivors described their harrowing escapes by rigging up disguises , sneaking to safety with locals , and in at least one case , running for his life with plastic explosives strapped around his neck . That man was Stephen McFaul , who -- according to his brother Brian -- was among a group of hostages who had been blindfolded , gagged and then packed into five Jeeps on Thursday , during Algerian forces ' first offensive . An explosion "  wiped out " four of the vehicles , while McFaul 's vehicle crashed . He was able to get out and , eventually , contact his family . "  I have n't seen my mother move as fast in all my life , and my mother smile as much , hugging each other , " Brian McFaul of Belfast , Northern Ireland , said upon his family hearing his brother was safe . " ... You could n't describe the feeling . " Al Qaeda-linked group offered prisoner-hostage exchange A spokesman for Moktar Belmoktar , a longtime jihadist who leads the Brigade of the Masked Ones -- a militant group associated with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb -- reportedly offered to free U.S. hostages in exchange for two prisoners . Behind the group claiming responsibility for the attack and kidnappings , he is known for seizing hostages and has long been targeted by French counterterrorism forces . The prisoners are Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman , who orchestrated the 1993 World Trade Center bombing , and Aafia Siddiqui , a Pakistani woman jailed in the United States on terrorism charges , the spokesman said in an interview with a private Mauritanian news agency . Nuland rejected the offer , restating U.S. policy of not negotiating with terrorists . Opinion : Algeria situation is a wake-up call for the U.S. CNN 's Barbara Starr , Per Nyberg , Dan Rivers , Greg Botelho , Tricia Escobedo , Josh Rubin , Joe Sutton , Mitra Mobasherat , Saskya Vandoorne , Laura Perez Maestro , Saad Abedine , Elise Labott and Tim Lister contributed to this report , as did journalists Peter Taggart from Belfast and Said Ben Ali from Algiers .	Two Americans unaccounted for , senior U.S. official says Obama says "  scourge of terrorism " must be fought Algerian state news : At least 55 people , including hostages and militants , have died The militants targeted an eastern Algerian gas facility where many foreigners workers
Why do you go to galleries ? Is it because you like to keep up with what 's going on in the arts ? Because a poster caught your eye ? Because of something someone said on Twitter ? Or because you want to satisfy yourself that you 're cleverer than the latest "  celebrity charlatan ? " Grayson Perry , one of Britain 's leading contemporary artists , is under no illusion as to why people go to museums -- the first piece in his new show at the British Museum is , he admits , "  me getting my revenge in first . " The work , "  You Are Here , " is a pot in the Turner Prize-winning ceramicist 's distinctive style , covered in figures explaining the worthy , and not so worthy , motivations behind their visit to the show . Cheeky , yes , and full of Perry 's quirky sense of fun , but like the rest of the "  Tomb of the Unknown Craftsman " exhibition , it is also a love letter to museums and galleries in general -- and to one in particular : The British Museum . Crammed with more than eight million objects collected over the past 250 years , the museum 's stores are a vast repository of centuries of human history , and human achievement . Over the past two years , Perry has been let loose inside what the museum 's boss Neil MacGregor calls "  one of the great imaginative storehouses of the world , " free to pick and choose items for his show from its immense collection . From that bewildering array , he has selected just under 200 items which inspired , amused and intrigued him -- from an earring with part of the wearer 's ear still attached , via religious artifacts , to cheap souvenir pin badges . He has paired them up with items from his own artistic past , and in many cases created whole new works suggested by the sparks they set off inside his brain . Welcome , the artist says , to "  a short tour through my head . " The British Museum has been a place of pilgrimage for Perry since he was a child -- though he admits to a sense of disappointment on his first visit , because the model boats in the Egyptian collection were not as shiny and new as the cars he played with at home . "  People come here and they stand outside and take photographs of themselves as proof - ' I was here , I made the pilgrimage , ' " he says . For him , the museum is a place that allows him to travel the world , just 20 minutes away from the comfort of his own home . "  A lot of my world travel , I 've done in the British Museum , " he explains . "  I 've never been to India , I 've never been to Africa -- one of the pieces I made for the show is actually called "  I 've never been to Africa " -- I make no bones about it , I am what I am . "  The world is full of "  experience junkies " who want to go around the world having an amazing time . I 'm not one of them , " he deadpans . At the heart of the exhibition is the eponymous "  Tomb of the Unknown Craftsman , " a ship , sailing into the afterlife , bedecked with casts of some of the museum 's "  celebrity artifacts " -- mummies , sculptures , busts , plaques -- "  freighted , " Perry explains , "  with the greatest hits of the British Museum . " And at the center of the centerpiece ? A humble flint axe . "  The tool that begat all tools , " Perry says , describing the "  incredibly powerful , visceral moment " when one of the museum 's curators handed him a box filled with ancient stone tools , and invited him to pick one up , cementing his links with the first craftsmen who created them . As MacGregor points out , Perry is not the first to find inspiration in the museum 's historic galleries -- but he has taken it further than anyone else . "  Throughout the museum 's history , artists have used the collection to inspire them , to make their own art , but until now , none of them has used it to make his own museum , his own civilization . " In doing so , MacGregor says , Perry has made everyone -- even those who work at the museum -- look at the objects differently . This is Perry 's aim . He wants to inspire in his turn , just as he has been inspired . "  I hope that when people leave , they want to make something , they want to look at the world afresh . "	Artist Grayson Perry trawled the British Museum collection for objects which intrigued him Perry displays ancient and more modern artifacts from the museum alongside his own work Exhibition explores issues such as religion , tradition , history and culture Perry , who works primarily in ceramics , won the Turner Prize in 2003
Former New York Mets great Lenny Dykstra was sentenced Monday to three years in prison after pleading no contest to grand theft auto . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Cynthia Ulfig denied Dykstra 's motion to withdraw his plea . He pleaded no contest in October to three counts of grand theft auto and filing a false financial statement . Beginning in January 2011 , Dykstra and two co-defendants tried to lease various high-end automobiles from several area dealerships by providing fraudulent information and claiming credit through a phony business , prosecutors said . A criminal complaint contended that Dykstra and Robert Hymers , 27 , his accountant , provided information from a man they claimed was a co-signer , but who had not authorized his name to be used . Leases were not approved at two dealerships , but the pair and Christopher Gavanis , 30 , a friend of Dykstra 's , drove off with three cars at one company by providing fraudulent information to a dealer , said Deputy District Attorney Alex Karkanen . Those cars have since been returned , he said . When Dykstra was arrested in April , Los Angeles police detectives allegedly found cocaine and ecstasy along with somatropin , a synthetic human growth hormone , when they searched his Encino home . In exchange for his plea , prosecutors agreed to drop 21 charges against him , including attempted grand theft auto , identity theft , possession of a controlled substance and unauthorized possession of a syringe . In a separate case , Dykstra was indicted in May on federal charges , including obstruction of justice for allegedly taking more than $ 400,000 in property that should have gone to his bankruptcy creditors and then lying about it under oath , prosecutors claim . Dykstra , 49 , is a three-time Major League Baseball All-Star who led the New York Mets to a World Series championship . His stellar professional baseball career began in 1981 , when the New York Mets drafted him out of high school . During his second year in the majors , the player nicknamed "  Nails " for his tenacity hit a lead-off home run in Game 3 of the 1986 World Series at Boston 's Fenway Park after the Mets lost the first two games . That spark rallied the Mets to a seven-game series victory over the Boston Red Sox .	Lenny Dykstra faces federal charges in a separate case He pleaded no contest to grand theft auto and filing a false financial statement in October Prosecutors : Dykstra , co-defendants fraudulently drove off with cars from dealership
CNN  -- A man "  angered " by Manchester United 's defeat to Barcelona in the final of the Champions League killed four people when he drove a minibus into a crowd celebrating the Spanish side 's victory , police in Nigeria have told CNN . Barcelona fans celebrate in the city 's Las Ramblas thoroughfare early Thursday morning . Ten people were also injured in the incident in the town of Ogbo , where the driver was subsequently arrested , a Port Harcourt Police spokesperson said . "  He was displaying his anger at his team losing the match . The driver had passed the crowd then made a U-turn and ran into them , " spokesperson Rita Inomey-Abbey said . Both Manchester United and Barcelona have a large fan base across the African continent , with millions tuning in to watch European football on a weekly basis . Meanwhile , more than 100 people were arrested in Barcelona city center in the early hours of Thursday morning following the Catalan team 's 2-0 victory in Rome in the final of Europe 's top club competition . Police arrested 119 young people after violence flared at a special celebration party in Place de Catalunya near the Las Ramblas thoroughfare , while 238 people suffered minor injuries . City officials estimated the damage at up to 100,000 euros  $ 140,000  as the youths attacked police with bottles and damaged shops , parks and public utilities such as lamp-posts . The trouble took some of the gloss off the achievement of Barcelona , who became the first team to win the Champions League , Spanish League and Spanish Cup titles in one season . Manager Josep Guardiola led the club to glory in his first season in charge , ending a period of three years without a trophy .	Man drives minibus into a crowd celebrating Barcelona 's Champions League win The Manchester United supporter was angry after his team 's defeat in final Nigerian police confirm that 10 people were also injured in the attack Man was arrested after incident that took place in the town of Ogbo
CNN  -- In early September my iPhone 5 fell off the roof of my Jetta wagon . The Jetta was traveling at highway speeds when it happened . I 'd placed and forgotten the iPhone on the roof of the Jetta before driving off -- something I 'd done repeatedly with inexplicable witlessness in the past , though I somehow managed not to lose the phone on those earlier jaunts . Not so this time . I imagine the phone hurtling off the top as I rounded the bend  that I eventually found it lying beside  like a James Bond special deploying chaff  thankfully no one was behind me , and the phone wound up on the shoulder , though it may have been run over first  . I was able to track it down a few hours later after I realized it was missing by using my wife 's iPhone and the freebie Apple app Find My Friends . When I went to the local Apple Store to see what my options were , Apple offered me a choice : repair the screen right then and there in under an hour , or swap it for a brand new phone . The cost to swap for a new phone was $ 229 , or just a little more than I paid for the phone outright on contract . The cost to repair the screen was $ 149 : $ 99 for AppleCare plus $ 49 for the screen replacement . I chose to replace the phone outright , because it nearly a year old , I 'm on contract and so would n't have been eligible to upgrade to the iPhone 5s  then unannounced , but presumptive  , I did n't have AppleCare and I figured the fresh battery I 'd get with a new iPhone 5 was worth the bargain . Which is all a longish way of saying that Apple 's been offering iPhone repairs in-store for some time -- and it looks like that repair program 's about to expand significantly . 9to5Mac reports that Apple may be planning to offer additional in-store repairs that go well beyond the iPhone 5 ′ s screen . Note that my phone 's glass was cracked , but the underlying area and componentry was unfazed . Had those parts been distressed , I assume my only option would have been full phone replacement . 9to5Mac 's sources say Apple is rolling out "  special machinery " to allow the stores to replace and calibrate the touchscreens on the iPhone 5s and 5c , and that the cost for such replacement would be $ 149 . The other items on the list of in-store replaceable parts are said to include volume buttons , the vibration engine , the rear-camera , the speaker system and the Home buttons -- though in the latter case , it sounds like not on the iPhone 5s , which employs a more sophisticated Touch ID fingerprint button . The repairs should be free if you 're covered under AppleCare , but you 'll have to pony up if not -- $ 79 for a new battery and $ 29 for Home button replacement , according to 9to5Mac 's sources . When ? 9to5Mac 's sources say the machines are arriving in stores now , suggesting the program could launch soon . & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Reports to say Apple store iPhone repairs are about to expand Volume buttons , vibration engine , cameras could be added to screens Repairs would be free if user paid to have "  Apple Care "
CNN  -- Olympic cycling champion Bradley Wiggins has left American outfit Team Garmin-Transitions to join his native Britain 's first professional elite-level line-up . The 29-year-old , who has won the last two Olympic individual pursuit titles and finished fourth at last year 's Tour De France , has signed a four-year contract with Team Sky . He had been with Garmin for only one season , and needed to win a release from his contract for 2010 to join up with Sky , backed by broadcasting giant BSkyB . "  Although we understand his strong desire to be a part of the UK 's first-ever Pro Tour team , we would have loved to continue with him through 2010 . His departure is not the outcome we hoped for , " Garmin said in a statement on Thursday . Team Sky officials were delighted to add Wiggins to a roster that already features Geraint Thomas , Ian Stannard , Russell Downing , Peter Kennaugh , Chris Froome and Steve Cummings . "  Brad will be at home in Team Sky . It is the perfect fit and he will be a marquee rider for us , " said team principal Dave Brailsford , who is also British Cycling 's performance director . "  He is an exceptional athlete -- a great performer at a great age . And he will get better still . "  At Team Sky he can continue to develop , surrounded by some of the coaches and performance experts who have worked with him for years as part of the British Cycling set-up . "  With his experience he will help us to develop our great young talents too . " Team Sky 's first major race will be the Tour Down Under in January . Wiggins is hoping to build on his 2009 season with another strong showing in cycling 's premier event , the Tour de France , after joining his sixth professional team since starting out with the Linda McCartney outfit in 2001 . "  It has been an amazing year for me and my ride at the Tour has given me the drive to aim even higher , " he told reporters . "  I know I can continue to develop and Team Sky is the perfect place to make that happen . "  Team Sky has huge ambitions , not just for the team but for cycling and inspiring the public to ride . It 's an amazing project and the next four years will be very exciting . "  Obviously it was always going to be a difficult situation to leave Garmin . I was surrounded by friends , had close relationships with the riders and some of the staff . "  But there was was only ever going to be one team I would leave that team for , and that was of course to come home to Team Sky and pretty much everyone who has helped me to my Olympic success . "	Olympic cycling champion Bradley Wiggins leaves American outfit Team Garmin The 29-year-old joins his native Britain 's first professional elite-level line-up , Team Sky He signs a four-year contract after being released from final year of his deal at Garmin Wiggins will work under British Cycling 's performance director , Dave Brailsford
Conakry , Guinea  CNN  -- After three days of violence throughout the country that killed at least nine people , injured dozens more and pushed the ruling military junta to declare a national state of emergency , calm returned to Guinea on Thursday . Military units are now deployed around the country to "  preserve the peace , tranquility and national unity , " said Gen.Nouhou Thiam , army chief-of-staff , on state radio . The state of emergency will last until the West African country 's Supreme Court finalizes results from a November 7 runoff between longtime opposition leader Alpha Conde and former prime minister Cellou Dalein Diallo that put Conde on top with 52.52 percent of the vote . Since the provisional results were announced on Monday night , supporters of Diallo , largely from the Peul ethnic group , have clashed with Conde supporters and security forces . Many shops in areas effected by violence reopened Thirsday , and automobile and pedestrian traffic resumed to near-normal levels . It was a remarkable turnaround from 24 hours earlier , when military police were clashing with civilians in broad daylight throughout the capital city of Conakry . French radio RFI reported that strife-torn cities in the northern Fouta Djallon region such as Labe , Dalaba and Pita had calmed by Thursday as well . But residents of Conakry 's impoverished suburbs of Cosa , Hamdallaye , Enco5 and Bambeto -- areas of majority Peul supporters of defeated candidate Diallo -- are wary of the near future . Many residents reported gunfire throughout Tuesday night as roving military units continuously fired into the air . "  The daytime is calm , the violence happens at night . Last night I heard a lot of gunshots . I could not sleep , my wife and children were sleeping under the bed to avoid stray bullets , " said Youssouf Bah , a Hamdallaye resident . "  The military was around , opening fire . When we woke up this morning , some families complained that the military was entering houses , " Bah added . Guinea 's military has long been scrutinized for alleged human rights abuses . Last September security forces opened fire on civilians protesting military rule , killing more than 150 and injuring more than 1,000 , and allegedly raping hundreds of women , according to the U.S. government and human rights groups . Guinea , rich in minerals , is one of the poorest countries in Africa . It has never held free and fair presidential elections until this year .	Guinea 's November 7 election was followed by growing conflict between political groups Three days of violence this week left nine dead and dozens injured The ruling junta declared a state of emergency Wednesday , deploying military units By Thursday , calm had returned to the West African nation
London , England  CNN  -- A British oil rig has started drilling off the Falkland Islands in a move likely to stoke further tensions between Argentina and the UK over the disputed South Atlantic territory . In a statement to the London Stock Exchange , British oil and gas exploration company Desire Petroleum said the Ocean Guardian rig had begun drilling an exploration well in the North Falkland Basin , some 100 kilometers  60 miles  north of the islands . Desire estimates that the North Falkland Basin could contain 3.5 billion barrels of oil as well as having "  significant gas potential . " The exploratory drilling is expected to last around 30 days , a spokesman for the company told CNN . But potential revenues from oil and gas have reignited a long-running dispute between London and Buenos Aires over ownership of the Falklands . Last Tuesday Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner signed a decree requiring all ships navigating from Argentina to the islands to carry a government permit . The Falklands , known as Las Malvinas in Argentina , lie in the South Atlantic Ocean off the Argentinean coast and have been under British rule since 1833 . Argentina has always claimed sovereignty over the islands and invaded them in 1982 , prompting a war in which more than 600 Argentinean and 255 British military personnel died . The island 's government , representing a population of around 2,500 , remains committed to British sovereignty and the UK maintains a military presence on the islands . The spokesman for Desire said that the company was not commenting on political issues and was "  focusing on the drilling campaign . " The Argentine position is that natural resources around the islands should be protected , and Britain must accept international resolutions labeling the Falklands a disputed area . "  This has to do with the defense of the interests of Argentineans , not just about sovereignty , " Argentine Cabinet Chief Anibal Fernandez said last week , adding that Argentina lays claim not just to the islands , but to any resources that could be found there . In a statement last week , the Falkland Islands government said it had "  every right to develop a hydrocarbons industry within our waters . " "  The British Government has clearly stated that they support our right to develop legitimate business , " it said . "  The British Government have also reiterated their stance on our British sovereignty . "	Argentina and UK at odds over ownership of South Atlantic islands Falklands government says it has "  every right " to develop hydrocarbons industry Drilling company estimates area could contain 3.5 billion barrels of oil Argentina passed decree requiring Falklands-bound ships to carry permit
CNN  -- We 've come to expect fees for hotel WiFi and parking , but as lodging fees pile up , there are some that may come as a surprise to even the seasoned business traveler . Early check-in ? Some hotels charge for it . Restocking that $ 5 bottle of water you drank out of the minibar ? Yes , some properties charge for that , too . The amount of fees and surcharges being tacked onto hotel bills has reached an all-time high , according to a report from the NYU School of Continuing and Professional Studies , which estimates that the U.S. lodging industry collected $ 1.95 billion in fees in 2012 -- up a whopping $ 100 million from the previous year . Airports where architecture soars "  Fees and surcharges emerged as an industry practice in about 1997 , " notes Bjorn Hanson , the divisional dean of NYU 's Tisch Center for Hospitality , Tourism , and Sports Management , which compiled the NYU-SCPS report . According to the study , the amount of hotel fees collected has risen every year since 1997 except for select periods following 2001 and 2008 , when the demand for lodging declined . The rise in hotel fees can be attributed to two things , explains Bill Carroll , a PhoCusWright hotel analyst and senior lecturer at Cornell University . "  There is a unique opportunity for hotels to produce additional revenue from their asset . Second , the consumer choice to purchase additional services is not encumbered by competition . The consumer has already chosen among competitors to stay at the property . Given that decision , the property can now offer additional services , without direct  price  competition . In addition , the property knows a lot more about the guest  traveling alone or with family , staying over a weekend as a leisure guest versus midweek as a business traveler , etc.  . Targeted service offerings can be made . " Check in : World 's best airport hotels Hotel fees for things that add customer value are one thing , says Carroll , but "  on the negative side are fees that bet on the guest not paying attention to folio charges . " Here are a few examples of the new batch of fees that have been creeping onto hotel bills . Early check-in fee . If you want to check in to your room before the preset time , you could incur a charge of as much as $ 50 for the privilege . Early check-out fee . You may also be charged anywhere from $ 50 to the cost of a night 's stay if you have to leave a day or more earlier than expected . Cancellation fees . Need to cancel your stay altogether ? Whereas before you might have been able to cancel your reservation without penalty by 6 p.m. on the day before your scheduled arrival , some hotels are now charging you a night 's stay if you do n't cancel within 48 or even 72 hours prior to arrival . Minibar restocking fee . At some hotels you 'll not only have to pay to enjoy an item from the minibar , you 'll also have to pay a restocking fee to have the item replaced . So that $ 12 can of nuts may end up costing you more like $ 19 . Automatic gratuities . Before you tip anyone , check to see if an automatic gratuity for their services has already been added . For instance , you may incur a one-time $ 10 to $ 30 fee to cover housekeeping and bellman gratuities , while your bill for room service or spa services may already include a 10 % to 20 % tip . Gym fee . Some hotels are pumping up their bills by charging anywhere from $ 5 to $ 40 a day for the use of the fitness facilities . Baggage holding fees . Need to stash your luggage at the bellhop stand ? You might have to shell out a couple of bucks per bag to have them tucked away . Tiered WiFi charges . Some hotels are charging for Internet access based on how you use it . For example , basic Internet service for things like checking your e-mail may be free , but if you need high-speed access , then it could cost you upwards of $ 10 a day . Airlines collect $ 27 billion beyond ticket revenue What irks travelers even more than having to pay the growing number of hotel fees is the fact that they may not even know about them until they 've already booked the room , or worse , gotten their bill . So you need to do your due diligence and find out ahead of time what to expect . In the minds of some hoteliers , the fees are a way to give guests what they want and not charge them for what they do n't . "  Many guests do n't require the full amenities a hotel offers , so fees are implemented to offer additional services the guests can add to their basic stay without penalizing other guests who do n't need them , " says Marc Sternagel , general manager of the Novotel New York Times Square . "  Guests like the option of choosing additional add-ons , and therefore they are able to customize their experience in accordance with their personal needs for any specific stay . " Others hoteliers worry that bombarding their guests with fees will cost them customers . "  At all of our resorts , valet parking , Internet and minibar refreshments are extended to our guests on a complimentary basis , " says Caroline MacDonald , senior vice president of marketing for Auberge Resorts . "  Several resorts also provide breakfast as part of the daily rate . We find that our guests really appreciate the small gestures , and have found that they value the overall experience . " World 's best airport spas Benji Homsey , president of Hotel ZaZa , a collection with locations in Dallas and Houston , says his company puts convenience and the guest experience first . "  We 've never charged for WiFi . We consider technology an investment for the hotel , since 65 % of our midweek guests are business travelers . " However you see them , hotel fees are n't likely to be going away anytime soon . "  Such fees will continue , " predicts Carroll . "  The smart hotels will structure offerings that are both reasonable to the consumer and add value . A few hotels will challenge the very notion of hospitality â $ " ` Mary and Joseph , there will be an additional straw fee for the manger . ' " Hanson forecasts that the number and variety of hotel surcharges will likely taper off , but the number of hotels charging fees will increase , as will the amount of the fees being charged . Explains Melanie Nayer , a veteran travel journalist and hotels expert : "  Like everything , prices fluctuate with the economy and also based on demand . And hotels are just calculating appropriately based on industry standards . " Besides , she says , you were basically already paying these fees , you just did n't know it since they were lumped into a flat rate . "  These are n't new fees so much as they are fees that have been separated from your room charge and put into a different line item . " Luckily , there are some ways you can avoid the glut of hotel surcharges . "  Loyalty programs are the best way to avoid extra fees and surcharges , since loyalty programs typically offer fee waivers , " says Nayer . "  You can also avoid fees in many cases by calling ahead to the hotel and asking about packages , many of which include fee waivers , especially for WiFi and parking . " Avoiding hotel fees may mean a little extra work on your part , but it could make a noticeable difference , especially for business travelers who may have trouble explaining all those extra line items when they turn in their expense reports . What kinds of hotel fees have you encountered ? What 's your take on line-item billing ?	The U.S. lodging industry collected $ 1.95 billion in fees in 2012 , NYU study says Fees started to emerge in the hotel industry in 1997 , expert says , and fee revenue keeps increasing Joining hotel loyalty programs is one way to avoid line-item charges
CNN  -- Floyd Mayweather Jr will have to pay Juan Manuel Marquez a reported $ 600,000 after weighing in two pounds too heavy ahead of Saturday night 's welterweight showdown in Las Vegas . Floyd Mayweather Jr , left , faces off with Juan Manuel Marquez ahead of Saturday night 's fight . Fight promoters Golden Boy confirmed after Friday 's weigh-in that there had been a contractually agreed weight of 144 pounds for Mayweather 's comeback bout , and that the American would pay a stipulated -- but undisclosed -- amount for every pound over that amount . As it was , Mayweather tipped the scales at 146 pounds and Mexican Marquez , whose usual weight is around 135 pounds , was weighed at 142 as he stepped up from lightweight for the fight . The maximum for a welterweight is 147 pounds . "  The fight was contracted as a welterweight fight with an agreed upon weight of 144 pounds . However , there were pre-negotiated weight penalties built in , " Golden Boy CEO Richard Schaefer told ESPN.com . The website also reported sources who stated that each extra pound would cost Mayweather $ 300,000 , thus giving Marquez an additional $ 600,000 on top of his $ 3.2 million guarantee for the fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena . The 32-year-old Mayweather , who returns to the boxing ring for the first time since December 2007 when he beat Ricky Hatton to retain his WBC world welterweight championship , has a reported minimum guarantee of $ 10 million before pay-per-view TV revenues are added . Mayweather is undefeated with a career record of 39-0 , while the 36-year-old Marquez , who holds the WBA and WBO world lightweight belts , has 50 victories from 55 fights , 37 by knockout . Meanwhile , Nikolai Valuev will defend his WBA heavyweight title against British boxer David Haye in Germany on November 7 . The fight , originally announced in July , had been in doubt as American John Ruiz lodged a legal challenge claiming that he was the giant Russian 's mandatory challenger . However , the 36-year-old 's promoters have clinched a deal with Ruiz , meaning the bout can go ahead as planned at Nuremberg 's Arena Nurnberger Versicherung , where Valuev beat Sergei Liakhovich in February 2008 . The 7 ' 1 " Valuev , the tallest and heaviest boxing champion of all time who has a record of 50 wins from 52 fights , will dwarf the 6 ' 3 " Haye , the former undisputed cruiserweight champion .	Floyd Mayweather weighs in at 146 pounds , Juan Manuel Marquez at 142 Mayweather had agreed to pay the Mexican for every pound over agreed 144 Reports say that the American will have to stump up an extra $ 600,000 Mayweather has $ 10 million guarantee , Marquez has $ 3.2 million for fight
Any publicity is good publicity for Dublin-based budget airline Ryanair . The no-frills airline recently announced plans to cut down to just one toilet per aircraft  see below  , and that had us wondering : are announcements like their toilet fee and "  fat tax " tasteless marketing ploys , or is Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary just really cheap ? Despite wanting to strip their passengers of basic comforts like toilets and seat pockets , Ryanair is doing good business . Comparing September 2011 with September 2010 , Ryanair reported a 6 percent hike in passenger numbers , from 6.84 million to 7.25 million . Through September 2011 , the airline carried 76.8 million passengers , reported the airline . The airline 's website also claims that in 2010 , profits rose 26 percent to more than $ 401m  US$ 551m  despite higher fuel prices , the global recession , and volcanic ash disruptions in the spring . Ryanair 's high booking fees and ancillary charges include : # 30  US$ 41  to check in a bag , # 10  US$ 14  to pay for flights with a debit or credit card  excluding Visa Electron  and # 60  US$ 83  to check in sports or music equipment , according to the Telegraph . CNNGo : World 's 50 best beaches So , to honor the success of the self-proclaimed "  world 's favorite airline " let 's take a look at some of its most ingenious money-saving tactics . 1 . One toilet per aircraft In October 2011 , Ryanair expressed its intolerance for people with bladders . The budget airline announced that it would remove two or three toilets from its aircraft to make room for six extra seats . Up to 200 passengers and six crew would share a bathroom during the flight , reported the Daily Mail . O'Leary said , "  We very rarely use all three toilets on board our aircraft anyway . " But apparently he is doing us all a favor . The move "  would fundamentally lower air fares by about 5 percent for all passengers , cutting # 2  US$ 3  from a typical # 40  US$ 63  ticket . " What a steal . Currently , there is no legal stipulation for an airline to provide toilets on its aircraft , but Ryanair has not announced a date to implement the plan . CNNGo : 10 of the world 's best hotels for pets 2 . Charging # 1 for toilets The toilet removal was n't a surprise to passengers and critics because O'Leary announced in 2010 that Ryanair would charge # 1 or $ 1 for passengers to use the toilet . Stephen McNamara , spokesperson for the airline , told TravelMail : "  By charging for the toilets we are hoping to change passenger behavior so that they use the bathroom before or after the flight , " according to the Daily Mail . But as of 2011 , O'Leary said the plans to "  charge a pound to spend a penny " have now been dropped . 3 . Standing room only Looking more and more like cheap suburban public transport , Ryanair announced in July 2010 it was preparing for standing-room-only seats at the back of its 250-strong fleet . A spokesman for Ryanair said that Boeing had been consulted over refitting the fleet with "  vertical seats . " Passengers would be strapped in while standing up , and tickets for these seats would cost between # 4  US$ 6  and # 8  US$ 13  . Here 's a video of their design . However , a spokesman for the Civil Aviation Authority said the plans would struggle to meet safety requirements . The unnamed spokesman said : "  It 's aviation law that people have to have a seat belt on for take-off and landing so they would have to be in a seat . I do n't know how Mr. O'Leary would get around that one . During turbulence passengers also have to have a seat belt on . " In response to criticism for the idea , technological determinist O'Leary suggested haters were a bunch of Luddites who could n't groove with the changes . "  People are always slow to accept the changes that face the aviation industry , even though it is already almost unrecognizable from 20 to 30 years ago , " said a Ryanair spokesman , as reported by the Guardian . CNNGo : 10 adventures for chocoholics 4 . Charging for overweight passengers Backpackers around the world put down their Italian gelato when they heard about Ryanair 's "  fat tax . " The airline asked passengers on its website whether or not they should charge for "  very large passengers . " "  Over 100,000 passengers logged on to ryanair.com to take part in our competition and almost one in three  over 30,000  think that very large passengers should be asked to pay a fat tax . The revenues from any such ` fat tax ' will be used to lower the airfares for all Ryanair passengers yet further , " Ryanair 's McNamara said . This time the plan did not go ahead , not out of ethical considerations but because it would be hard to collect the money and would make boarding much slower . 5 . Charging extra # 40 to print boarding passes Ryanair currently charges passengers # 40  US$ 63  to print their boarding pass at the airport . The charge was intended to speed up the check-in process . In January 2011 , a passenger took the budget airline to court over the charge in Spain . In October 11 2011 , the Barcelona Appeal Court ruled that Ryanair 's boarding card was perfectly legal in accordance with Spanish and EU law . The airline 's smug response to the verdict on their website was that "  less than 1 percent of passengers pay this boarding card reissue penalty which applies only in those rare cases where passengers fail to comply with their agreement , given at the time of booking . " Passengers can avoid the reissue penalty by checking in online before leaving for the airport .	Ireland 's budget airline has made a profitable habit out of incensing passengers Carrier says it will remove some lavatories from its planes to make room for extra seats Ryanair has not announced a date to implement the plan Previous announcements : charging for lavatory use , standing-room-only option
CNN  -- Spanish club Villarreal will wait until the end of this season to appoint a permanent new manager after deciding to give reserve coach Juan Carlos Garrido the reins on a short-term basis . The 40-year-old takes over from Ernesto Valverde , who was relieved of his duties following Sunday night 's 2-0 home defeat by Osasuna . Garrido has been appointed despite "  The Yellow Submarine " being linked with former Getafe coach Michael Laudrup , with the team 10th in La Liga after last year 's impressive fifth placing and having been knocked out of the Copa Del Rey by second division Celta Vigo . Valverde , who moved to El Madrigal after Manuel Pellegrini joined Real Madrid in June , bid a sad farewell to his players on Monday . "  I 've come to say goodbye to the team . It 's a different and hard situation for me . The club decided that we would n't continue at the helm of Villarreal , " he told reporters . "  I came with a lot of excitement because it was the team I wanted to train and it is true that things , from the beginning , did not happen as we all hoped . "  It 's certain that we have n't played very well in the past two or three games and that the elimination from the Copa did us a lot of damage and also yesterday the team were bad , and I can only say that the only person responsible is me . "  I am the visible head of the team , the club made a decision and I have to accept it . " Meanwhile , struggling Real Valladolid sacked coach Jose Luis Mendilibar on Monday , making him the seventh managerial casualty of the Spanish top-flight season . The 48-year-old had kept the club in La Liga for two seasons after a record-breaking promotion-winning campaign , but Sunday night 's 1-1 draw with lowly Almeria left his team just one point above the relegation zone . Reserve-team coach Onesimo Sanchez takes over a team who have won just three times in the last 31 league outings , with the announcement made as Valladolid unveiled new loan signing Asier del Horno . The 29-year-old former Athletic Bilbao and Chelsea defender , a 10-time Spain international , could make his debut against his parent club Valencia on Saturday .	Villarreal appoint reserve coach Juan Carlos Garrido as manager until end of season Spanish club sacked Ernesto Valverde following Sunday night 's 1-1 draw with Almeria Struggling Real Valladolid dismiss manager Jose Luis Mendilibar due to poor results The 48-year-old is replaced by reserve-team coach Onesimo Sanchez
CNN  -- Suzanne Forman enters a swanky Los Angeles restaurant with Todd Grodnick , a blind date she 's only spoken to on the phone . The two are among a growing number of baby boomers who are going online to date . "  I mean I ca n't believe I 'm 55 , " Forman said . "  I feel like I 'm still 20 or 30 or something . I still have the energy . I still have that spark . But I do have a lot of candles on my cake . " A study conducted for OurTime.com , a dating site catering to baby boomers , found unmarried people over 50 consider companionship more important now than they did during their 20s . But it 's often difficult to find a good match through traditional connections such as friends and relatives . "  I was a vegetarian and one of the guys they set me up with took me to a Moroccan restaurant , and he ate raw meat in front of me , right next to me ! " Forman recalled . So Forman joined OurTime , which she said offers a "  candy store of people . " "  There has been a perfect storm ... of baby boomers who are single , with a growing number ... using the Internet and discovering that it 's a way to be connected , " said Dr. Gail Saltz , OurTime 's relationship expert . Another customer is Staci Dansey , a 61-year-old Newport Beach , California , real estate agent . "  It 's like my business , it 's a numbers game . The more people I meet , the greater the odds that I will meet a guy who wants to have a loving , warm , serious , committed , monogamous relationship . " After her marriage ended , Dansey said her daughter and daughter-in-law suggested online dating , but she said she was reluctant because she had heard "  horror stories . " But dating sites say they offer much better protection against stalkers , scam artists and worse , because they collect background information on clients . A 2010 survey by eHarmony.com found the Internet is the most popular way for people over 50 to meet and marry . "  I 've always thought the idea that the older generation is afraid of technology is overblown , because they now seem to adopt it , and adopt it in numbers just as much as everybody else does , " said eHarmony 's Dr. Gian Gionzaga . Vange LeClerc , a widow , and Rob Foss , a divorcÃ © , met through eHarmony in 2008 . "  I had been married so long I had kind of forgotten the process , " Foss said . "  I was like a duck out of water . " LeClerc conceded online dating was "  scary , " but she said she found the process "  less intimidating than going out and meeting someone at a bar . " Now the baby boom couple plan to make their online match permanent , with a Hawaiian wedding next year .	Websites such as OurTime.com cater to singles over 50 Woman calls dating site "  candy store of people " Real estate agent says she was reluctant at first due to "  horror stories " she had heard Sites say they offer protection , with background information collected on clients
CNN  -- Call it "  Occupy Facebook . " Or , perhaps , "  UnOccupy Facebook . " Hoping to capitalize on frustrations with the social networking giant , not to mention some of the anti-corporate sentiment bubbling up on Wall Street and beyond , entrepreneurs have launched an upstart site called Unthink . The Tampa , Florida-based startup wants to be everything that Facebook and rival Google + are not -- and it has the manifesto and sassy YouTube video to prove it . "  I could n't wait to tell my story . I could n't believe that all this was free , " says an actress in the video , strutting through Bohemian city streets in an off-the-shoulder T-shirt with the words "  Wild and Free " scrawled on it . "  But I never knew that I 'd be part of some damn puppet show -- that you thought you could own me . Well , you ca n't own me ! " Later , she confronts a guy in a Google + T-shirt and another hoodie-wearing character with a striking resemblance to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg . The video is part of a series of hype-building efforts , along with cryptic news releases promising a "  secret project " and "  social revolution , " that preceded Tuesday 's limited launch . Opened for invite-only beta testing on Tuesday , Unthink says it will offer an alternative to the privacy concerns some people have about using Facebook or Google 's new rival network . Facebook and Google both collect information about users to tailor advertising to them . Privacy concerns have cropped up over various features Facebook has rolled out -- from mobile check-ins to integration with other websites that can make a user 's online behavior more public if settings are n't tweaked . Unthink promises that , under its terms of use , all content will remain the property of the user . After signing up , an app lets users transfer photos and other info from Facebook to the new site . "  We worked hard for more than three years to research people 's needs and present them with a solution that will empower them , " Unthink CEO and founder Natasha Dedis said on the company 's website . "  Our mission is to emancipate social media and unleash people 's extraordinary potential . Our -- not so covert -- mission is to spark a social revolution . We believe in people . " Dedis said she had the idea for the site when her son wanted to join Facebook and she read what she called the site 's oppressive terms of use . According to TechCrunch , the site is bankrolled with about $ 2.5 million in investments from venture capitalists . And its business model for fighting the corporate social-media giants ? Corporate sponsorships . The site will let users either pick a participating business  presumably one they like  to "  sponsor " their page or pay a $ 2 annual fee for the service . Through much of Wednesday , after tech blogs began reporting on it , pulling up the Unthink site delivered an "  over capacity " message . Unthink is n't the first startup that has hoped to capitalize on anti-Facebook sentiment . Last spring , Diaspora raised $ 200,000 on crowd-funding site Kickstarter to develop a decentralized networking site . But more than a year and a half later , only an unfinished alpha version has been rolled out and , last month , developers sent out a plea for more money to people who have already signed up . The question , of course , is whether there 's any appetite for yet another social networking platform in a landscape dominated by Facebook , with its 800 million users , and to a lesser extent , Twitter . Even Google has struggled to pull users away from Facebook where , despite complaints , users have appeared willing to deal with occasional privacy concerns in return for a convenient online hangout populated by all their friends . But if even a small percentage of those users choose to abandon ship for the "  revolution , " it may be enough for Unthink to declare victory .	New "  Unthink " social networking site lets users own their content Florida-based startup wants to be everything Facebook and Google + are not Video promoting the site calls Facebook and Google "  greedy giants " The question is whether users will leave for a site with fewer fellow users
Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi , the only person convicted in connection with the Lockerbie airline bombing that killed 270 people , died Sunday , the Libyan government and family members said . He was 60 . The former intelligence officer , who had suffered from prostate cancer , will be buried Monday , according to a Libyan foreign ministry spokesman . Al Megrahi 's cousin , Omer al-Gharyani , told CNN he was at a Tripoli hospital with al Megrahi when he died . His death came more than two-and-a-half years after he was freed from a life sentence in Scotland because he was said to be dying . His brother said the family refers "  to the deceased as ` the convicted innocent . ' " "  May God bless his soul , " he added . Relatives of those killed in the bombing expressed relief and , in some cases , anger . "  He was a mass murderer . I feel no pity , " said Susan Cohen , whose daughter was among the 189 Americans killed . Lockerbie victims ' families : Relief , anger The destruction of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 was the deadliest act of air terrorism targeting Americans until the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , according to the FBI . American and British investigators who painstakingly pieced together the wreckage concluded it was destroyed by a bomb . Authorities in those nations claimed al Megrahi -- once the security chief for Libyan Arab Airlines -- and Al Amin Khalifa Fhimah were Libyan intelligence agents who planted the explosive . They were charged in November 1991 on 270 counts of murder and conspiracy to murder . That indictment set off the first battle over al Megrahi , until Libya handed him and Fhima over in the face of international pressure . Eight years after his trial and conviction , a fresh uproar arose when he was released from a Scottish prison because he was battling terminal prostate cancer . He received a hero 's welcome upon arriving home in Libya . And last year , as rebel fighters advanced and , ultimately , toppled Moammar Gadhafi and his regime , the debate was revived as some called for al Megrahi 's extradition back to Britain or to the United States . But even after new leaders took power , he remained in Libya . CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson tracked al Megrahi down last August at the palatial villa Gadhafi had built for him . Apparently in a coma and near death , al Megrahi 's family said then that his son and mother were trying to care for him with oxygen and an intravenous drip , but with no medical assistance . His death may make it impossible ever to get the full story behind the Lockerbie bombing . In an interview with Reuters last October , al Megrahi vowed "  new facts " would come to light . The truth will come out "  one day , and hopefully in the near future , " he said . 2011 : Convicted Lockerbie bomber says truth will eventually come out Reacting to news of the convicted killer 's death , British Prime Minister David Cameron on Sunday reiterated his belief that "  he should never have been released from prison . " "  Today is a day to remember the 270 people who lost their lives in what was an appalling terrorist act , " Cameron at the NATO summit in Chicago . "  Our thoughts should be with them and their families for the suffering they 've had . " Scotland 's First Minister Alex Salmond -- the top Scottish political figure -- likewise expressed sympathy for the attack 's victims , while asserting that al Megrahi 's death puts "  to rest some of the conspiracy theories which have attempted to suggest that his illness was somehow manufactured . " Despite widespread criticism , "  extensive scrutiny " has found that Scotland released al Megrahi on "  compassionate grounds alone , " Salmond said in his statement . His release -- and the celebrations that greeted him in Libya -- sparked condemnation from the United States and British governments , and from some victims ' families . U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer , a New York Democrat , accused "  the Scottish government , perhaps with the participation of the British government ,  of creating  a major injustice when they let him out . " "  This man was a horrible man , " Schumer told CNN on Sunday . "  It would have been better had he not died in freedom , but died in prison . That 's what he deserved . " "  The only legacy we have is in the memory of all those who were lost , " Schumer added . " ... We have to just make sure we continue this battle against terrorism on airplanes . We made great progress and we have to keep it up . " When Washington and London blamed al Megrahi and Fhimah for the attack , Libya refused to hand them over . That led the U.N. Security Council in April 1992 to slap sanctions on the north African nation , clamping down on arms sales and air travel . The FBI put the two men on its 10 Most Wanted fugitives list -- the only time officers of a foreign government have ever been so named , spokesman Ken Hoffman said . Two years later , Libya floated the idea of trying the men in an international court , which the United States and Britain rejected . Libya made a new proposal in summer 1998 : that the men go on trial in the Netherlands , albeit under Scottish law . By the end of that year , matters came to a head when then U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan met Gadhafi in Tripoli . Ten days later , a U.S. Appeals Court ruled that families of Americans killed in the bombing could sue Libya for possibly sponsoring the attack . The next day , Libya agreed to let the men face trial . They were handed over April 5 , 1999 , to the United Nations , which suspended its sanctions the same day . Two months later , U.S. and Libyan officials met face-to-face for the first time in 18 years . Libya later agreed in 2003 to pay $ 2.7 billion to victims ' families , though Gadhafi was always cagey about admitting official Libyan involvement . After a nine-month trial , al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the murders after prosecutors dropped lesser charges . He was sentenced to life in prison , having to serve a minimum of 27 years . Scotland does not allow the death penalty . Fhimah was found not guilty . For his part , al Megrahi continued to fight to clear his name . In June 2007 , the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission allowed one appeal to go forward , ruling it uncovered new evidence and that al Megrahi "  may have suffered a miscarriage of justice . " Before that appeal was heard , however , it emerged al Megrahi had terminal prostate cancer . Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill , who had authority over the case because the convicted bomber was jailed in Scotland , ordered him freed in August 2009 . Some family members of Lockerbie victims swiftly complained that , with the legal process ending after al Megrahi dropped his appeal , they 'd never know the full truth . British press , meanwhile , alleged the release was tied to oil deals with Libya . British and Scottish officials denied that claim , making public more than 100 pages of previously secret documents to make their case . The papers included a handwritten letter from al Megrahi to MacAskill , pleading that he be allowed to see his family before he died , and continuing to proclaim his innocence . The documents also showed that senior Libyan officials warned their Scottish and British counterparts it would be "  catastrophic " for British-Libyan relations if al Megrahi died in prison . Gadhafi 's son , Saif al-Islam , Gadhafi 's son and heir apparent who accompanied al Megrahi back to Libya on August 20 , 2009 , said Libya was "  very angry " at British efforts to keep al Megrahi out of a separate prisoner transfer agreement . But he said , ultimately , the bomber was released for a different reason . It was "  not because of business deals , " Saif al-Islam Gadhafi told CNN in early September , two months before he himself was captured in Libya . "  The guy is sick , seriously sick . He has cancer , and , because of that , they made their decision . "	A Lockerbie victim 's mother says she has "  no pity " for a "  mass murderer " Al Megrahi was convicted of murder after 270 died when Pan Am 103 blew up over Scotland He was released in August 2009 on "  compassionate grounds " and welcomed warmly in Libya A Scottish official defends the release , which Britain 's current leader and others still criticize
Amid the chaos of flying bullets , roaming checkpoints guarded by gunmen , and the constant threat of a street battle erupting around the corner at any moment , a new underground television channel has become must-see TV for residents of Aleppo , Syria . It does n't look like much . Aleppo Today TV , with it photographic slideshow of Aleppo in happier times accompanied by Syrian music , is not what many would expect from a 24-hour news channel . But two rolling news bars at the bottom of the screen have become a vital news source for residents navigating the shifting violence in Syria 's largest city . "  Aleppo Today started at a time when a person in Aleppo might know that someone a couple of blocks away got killed , or a demonstration happened in the next neighborhood , " wrote Omar Halabi , the assistant manager of Aleppo Today , in an e-mail to CNN . Read more : As fighting subsides , Aleppo residents find little left Aleppo Today now broadcasts from a country neighboring Syria . Due to security concerns and because their broadcasts have been jammed by the Syrian regime at least four times , the channel 's managers do not want their base of operations disclosed . The channel 's management says it ca n't broadcast anything more than still images because it ca n't afford the bandwidth . To avoid jamming by the Syrian government , Aleppo Today 's news director said , the network uploads and beams its content through at least two other countries before it is finally sent into Syria . "  We have to be sneaky , we have to be undercover , " said "  Ahmed , " one of the channel 's news editors . For the safety of his family still living in Aleppo , the 23-year old Syrian , who worked as a baker until the uprising began more than 20 months ago , asked not to have his named published in full . Read more : Syrian opposition gets recognition ; fight rages on Aleppo Today 's approach to aggregating , sourcing and writing reliable news about the violence in Aleppo put the station in the cross-hairs of the regime and boosted its popularity . "  The regime saw us as a huge target because of the unique approach we took compared to other opposition channels , " Halabi wrote . "  The result : everybody watched our channel including regime supporters . " In the Aleppo Today newsroom , 11 editors from Aleppo and its countryside sit in front of computers in shifts , quietly gathering reports from 70 reporters and volunteers living in and around Syria 's largest city . It can be hard to keep lines of communication open to the reporters . Electricity in Aleppo is intermittent and the Internet goes down frequently . Most of the reporters file over Skype , gChat and Facebook . There are satellite Internet and phone setups , but not everyone on staff in Syria has access to secure communications . Read more : An afternoon with a Syrian bombmaker Ahmed describes Aleppo Today 's way of reporting : "  One reporter might say he saw a bomb in a neighborhood . If he says he saw , then we write it . But if he says he heard , then we ask other people in that area if they heard , if they did then we write . " On particularly grim days in Aleppo , Ahmed 's Skype account , which is usually full of reporters , contacts and family members , can suddenly go quiet . These moments prompt him to scroll through the list trying to find any new developments because "  there is always something . " The channel is trying something new through double-sourcing and its policy of censoring foul language , a hard task when many in Syria refer to the country 's president as a dog and routinely curse his supporters . Aleppo Today is also trying to remain impartial in its coverage of the opposition , according to the channel 's employees . But not everyone thinks that Aleppo Today is maintaining a balanced view . With so many opposition groups in Syria , the political landscape is full of competing organizations , political parties , and councils , many of which are vying for positions in power after what most Syrians see as the inevitable fall of Bashar al-Assad . "  I am with the opposition but I do n't want to work for the opposition , " said Samir Kanjo , a former news editor at the channel . He left after disagreements over broadcast policy . Kanjo claimed the channel was turning into a mouthpiece for the Transitional Revolutionary Council , one of the larger political opposition groups active in Aleppo . "  We do not work for a group , we work for all Syrians , " said Feras Dibbeh , who replaced Kanjo as the news editor . Dibbeh insisted Aleppo Today is apolitical , and funded only by concerned Syrian businessmen who prefer to remain anonymous . Those entrepreneurs apparently have plans to expand their media properties . Dibbeh showed CNN journalists a small , makeshift studio his colleagues were in the process of constructing . Dibbeh said the studio will soon be home to a new FM radio station that also will broadcast to Aleppo , yet another addition to Syria 's rapidly transforming media landscape .	Aleppo Today broadcasts from a country neighboring Syria The content is beamed through other countries to avoid jamming by the Syrian government It aims to be impartial about the situation in Syria , but some say it fails
CNN  -- Young Portuguese rider Alberto Rui Costa was rewarded for his bravery in taking part in a long breakaway as he won the eighth stage of the Tour de France in Super-Besse Saturday . The 24-year-old was in a group which went away virtually from the start of the 189km leg from Aiguirande but still had the strength in an uphill finish to hold off the chasers . Stage one winner Belgian Philippe Gilbert burst out of a whittled down peloton containing all the main yellow jersey contenders to finish 12 seconds behind Rui Costa . As the breakaway group fragmented , Movistar 's Rui Costa took advantage to pull clear , but he came under pressure from Astana 's Alexandre Vinokourov who raced out of the peloton to catch all the early leaders bar the eventual winner . Kazakhstan 's Vinokourov got within 15 seconds of him , but then ran out of steam and was caught by the main group by the finish . Norway 's Thor Hushovd , who was expected to lose the yellow jersey on a tough stage in the Massif Central , upset predictions to cling on to the race lead by one second from Australian Cadel Evans . Reigning champion Alberto Contador and last year 's runner-up Andy Schleck were also prominent in the final 1.5 km steep uphill drag to Super-Besse , but it was the impressive Evans of BMC who led them home , three seconds down on Gilbert . "  I did n't get the jersey but for us it 's not a problem right now . As I keep saying , there 's a long way to go to Paris , " Evans , twice a runner-up , in 2007 and 2008 , told AFP . Hushovd has been in yellow since his Garmin-Cervelo team won last Sunday 's team time trial , but will come under pressure again on stage nine over similar testing terrain .	Alberto Rui Costa of Portugal wins eighth stage of Tour de France 24-year-old Movistar rider was in early breakaway on 189km stage in Massif Central Norway 's Thor Hushovd holds on to race leader 's yellow jersey Cadel Evans of Australia stays in second place just one second back
CNN  Is this the Formula One car of the future ? Ferrari has taken the unusual step of unveiling its concept for a radical car redesign on its team website . The streamlined design , which more closely resembles a regular Ferrari sports car , was created by the team 's Centro Stile design studio . Ferrari explained it aimed to create a car that is "  not only technologically advanced , but also captivating to the eye and aggressive-looking . " It added : "  Our challenge was to create something that was -- to put it short -- better looking . " The oldest team in F1 , already a style icon with its scarlet livery and Prancing Horse logo , invited fans to comment on its concept on its website and through social media . But Ferrari probably did not expect to elicit a response from racing and car design rivals Red Bull , winners of four straight team and driver titles between 2009 and 2011 thanks to the superior aerodynamic design of Adrian Newey . Red Bull Motorsports posted its car concept , designed by Newey for a computer game in 2014 on Twitter with the cheeky message , "  Way ahead of ya , @Scuderia Ferrari ; " The aesthetics of F1 cars have attracted plenty of criticism in recent seasons . Who can forget the duck-billed platypus and anteater noses of 2012 ? "  It would be good if a bit more consideration was given to aesthetics in the drafting of the regulations , " suggested Newey in an interview with Formula1.com last season . The rules on car design are carefully laid out in millimeters by the sport 's governing body , the FIA , whose main aim is to curb speed and increase safety . Ferrari says its concept could roar into reality on track "  without having to overturn the current technical rules . " With the second winter test starting in Barcelona on Thursday , F1 's nine teams are still fine tuning a radical rule change , focused on engine technology , which was introduced in 2014 . The costs of that regulation change has already seen two teams -- Caterham and Marussia -- slide off the 2015 grid because of a lack of funding . While Ferrari have one eye on the future of F1 , the Scuderia is also absorbing more immediate changes . During the winter break , the team has welcomed a new president , Sergio Marchionne , new team boss , Maurizio Arrivabene , and new driver , Sebastian Vettel , as well as restructuring its technical department . The 2015 Ferrari car was fastest in the opening winter test , but testing times can be deceptive and the team 's true comparative pace will only be revealed at the opening Australian Grand Prix on March 15 . Ferrari may be thinking of the future but , after failing to win a race in 2014 , they remain focused on present car improvements for now .	Ferrari unveil radical Formula One car design on its website The sleek design aims to blend beauty and technology F1 teams will fine tune 2015 cars at second winter test in Barcelona , Thursday
CNN  -- It 's a good bet that millions of Americans on Monday greeted President Barack Obama 's magnificent second inaugural address not just with applause and cheers of approval but with loud sighs of relief . Gone were his first inaugural speech 's bizarre equal division of blame for the wreckage of real lives between the "  greed of some " and the so-called "  collective failure " of the rest of us . Instead , Obama rang out his commitment to equality for all , not the "  shrinking few and lucky " who call the rest of us simply "  takers . " Nor did our president chide us to put away " childish things " by seeming to describe deep differences over "  perpetual war , " climate change , immigration , equal rights , voting rights , rights to decent wages for honest labor and rights to "  basic measures of security and dignity " as "  petty grievances . " This time around , Obama offered us not song and dance morals from an old Depression musical comedy to "  pick ourselves up , dust ourselves off and start all over again , " but solid , specific support for the serious New Deal pillars of Social Security and Medicare . Opinion : Obama 's ringing defense of liberalism Almost for the first time as president , he dared to utter the word "  poverty " in a major address , and declared " we must be a source of hope to the poor , the sick , the marginalized , the victims of prejudice . " These moments and more earned his speech the warm response and respect it deserves . Now it will receive the careful analysis it can not escape . This will reveal even more profound differences between Obama 's second inaugural speech and his historic appearance on the steps of the U.S. Capitol as the president of color few believed they would see elected in their lifetimes . 1 . His first inaugural address was a puzzling disappointment after the passionate convictions he expressed so powerfully in both his primary and general election campaigns . Some suggested that his finest moment was Election Night in Chicago 's Grant Park . No one who followed his campaign , including his opponents , could have been surprised by his second inaugural speech . 2 . Monday 's words were those of a leader who has chosen to fight for the change he believes in over flailing attempts to placate that only produced astounding charges that he was unwilling to compromise when in fact he had given so much in doomed efforts to do just that . 3 . His repeated calls for "  We the People " to work together were not-so-subtle warnings of who would be responsible if the U.S. government is unable to do so . No blame-splitting this time . 4 . Even Obama 's delivery and demeanor conveyed conviction , not the sense that a press aide might soon emerge from Caesar 's tent beside the Rubicon to explain that his thinking is still "  evolving . " Opinion : How Obama made opportunity real in America In this second inaugural address , Obama the Candidate became Obama the President without a trace of the bait and switch to which too many citizens have become so accustomed that in their cynicism they cease to vote at all . He spoke as a leader who has stopped splitting differences and is prepared to make choices and fight for them -- together as We the People if possible , alone as Obama the President if not . Opinion : Obama 's America , better than what Founders imagined In fact , Monday 's speech felt as if after four frustrating years of trying to appease his opponents , Barack Obama had finally met Machiavelli one night in the Lincoln Bedroom and learned that when faced with two equally powerful opposing forces , a president must choose , or both will attack him . He sounded like a leader who knows now that the difference between making a choice and making love is that decisions do n't feel better the longer you can draw them out . As Obama goes from celebration to celebration , his supporters and his opponents have a much clearer idea of what he will do tomorrow , and for the next 1,000-plus days he is president . This time when he tells banks and insurance companies that "  a free market only thrives when there are rules to ensure competition and fair play , " they will do well to believe him . Because even with all the cash he collected to fill the coffers of his campaign , Monday 's speech makes it clear he will not let it line the coffin of his presidency . It betrays no security measures to mention that the Secret Service chooses oddly accurate code words for the presidents it protects . After Obama 's first inauguration , that could have been "  dancer . " After Monday 's address , it could legitimately consider " leader . " If the president is able to act in accordance with his second inaugural address , it 's not impossible now to imagine "  Lincoln . " He was n't afraid to fight when the nation would not stay together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gordon Stewart .	Gordon Stewart says Obama 's second inaugural speech made up for the mistakes of his first Stewart : Obama spoke as a leader who is prepared to make choices and fight for them He says unlike the disappointing first inaugural speech , there was no blame this time Stewart : Both Obama 's supporters and opponents have a clearer idea of what he will do next
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Poultry workers moving to and from wet markets and farms may be responsible for the spread of the deadly H7N9 virus in China , says a virologist who 's working with the World Health Organisation to investigate the outbreak . University of Hong Kong clinical virologist Malik Peiris told CNN the closure of Shanghai 's poultry markets on April 6 had resulted in a sharp drop in the number of human cases in the city . "  That is clear evidence that the poultry markets are the primary source of human infection , " he said . Peiris , who visited regions hit by the virus as part of a joint WHO mission last month , added that studies of earlier H5N1 bird flu outbreaks in Hong Kong had shown that the virus can move between live poultry markets and clean farms through contaminated cages and other exposed items , and this was a likely explanation of how the virus was being transmitted around China . "  That 's how this infection can keep on zigzagging in this way , " he said . Since H7N9 was first identified in March , 128 cases have been detected in 10 provinces and 26 people have died , according to figures released on May 2 by the WHO . In addition to markets in Shanghai , China has also temporarily closed live poultry wholesale markets in Jiangsu , Fujian , Jiangxi , Anhui , Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces . Health authorities are still investigating the possible sources of infection and Peiris said there was still much work to be done on how the virus had jumped to humans and how it was being spread . WHO assistant director general Keiji Fukada said in a press conference in Beijing on April 24 that H7N9 was one of the most lethal influenza viruses seen so far and unusually dangerous for humans . The international health body has stressed there is no evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission of the virus , but Peiris said that it was difficult to ascertain whether clusters of cases within the same family were the result of "  limited human-to-human transmission or whether these people have been exposed to the same source " -- such as by visiting the same live poultry market . A large-scale study of blood samples being conducted in China would shed light on whether there had been milder or undiagnosed cases of H7N9 in the wider population -- a key factor in determining the mortality rate , said Peiris , who played a key role in identifying the virus that caused SARS . "  Even if there is limited human-to-human transmission , that does n't necessarily have any dire consequences because limited human-to-human transmission has been reported for a long time with H5N1 . " The visible impact of the virus could also reduce as the hot summer weather approaches but it was unlikely to die out and might re-emerge in winter , Peiris added . CNN 's Fang Ke and Zhang Dayu contributed to this report from Beijing	Virologist says poultry trade may be spreading deadly bird flu virus Evidence that wet markets selling live poultry are primary source of infection 127 cases have been detected in 10 provinces and 24 people have died Poultry markets closed in Shanghai and six other provinces
CNN  -- The Navy has suspended search and rescue efforts for a pilot who was involved in a plane crash over the western Pacific Ocean . Two U.S. fighter jets collided on Thursday while operating at sea . The missing and unidentified pilot is presumed dead , the Navy said in a press release on Saturday . One pilot was rescued , treated and has been released from the ship 's medical facilities . "  This is an exceptionally difficult time for the friends and family of the missing pilot and the Navy community , " said Rear Adm. Christopher Grady , commander of the Carl Vinson Carrier Strike Group . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by this tragedy . " The cause of the crash is under investigation , the Navy said . The jets have not been recovered . The two jets crashed about 290 miles  470 kilometers  west of Wake Island , Navy 7th Fleet spokeswoman Lt. Lauren Cole told CNN . Wake Island is more than 2,400 miles west of Hawaii . A Navy cruiser , destroyer , carrier and helicopters took part in what the Navy called an "  extensive " search for the missing pilot that lasted more than 36 hours . The two F/A -18 Hornets were operating from the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson , the Navy said . The collision occurred about seven miles away , the Navy said . Both jets are from Carrier Air Wing 17 , the Navy said , assigned to Strike Fighter Squadron 94 and Strike Fighter Squadron 113 . Pilot found dead after F-15 crash in Virginia CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Search efforts for missing pilot suspended in Pacific Navy official says two F/A -18 Hornets collided The cause of the crash is under investigation , Navy says
CNN  -- A few months before her second birthday , a small bump about the size of a pimple appeared on Audriana Willman 's right leg . Her parents , Andrew and Chelsea , noticed the boil in the evening , as they prepared their daughter for bed . "  We had already been through this three other times , so we were n't too worried , " explains Chelsea , who says she had taken her daughter to a pediatrician on several occasions to treat skin infections . As they usually did when a little red circle with a white head appeared on their toddler 's body , they popped it like a pimple and cleaned the area with antibacterial soap . But this time , that small pimple would turn into a major problem . "  By the next morning , it was n't just a bump anymore . Her leg was red and extremely swollen , and she could hardly walk . She was in pain , and her fever had spiked to 103 , " her mother recalls . "  It went from minor to really , really bad overnight . " By 10:30 that morning , they had rushed Audriana to their pediatrician in Oroville , California . She was hospitalized , and the Willmans learned their daughter had developed methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA , which is a type of staph bacterium that does not respond to commonly used antibiotic treatments . This type of infection has been a problem in hospital settings for many years , but starting around 2000 , it began steadily making its way into the lives of otherwise healthy people , especially children , who are not typically at risk for the fast-moving bacteria . As children head back to school , epidemiologists are encouraging parents to be more aware of the drug-resistant strain of staph and how to protect their kids . MRSA infections on the rise "  Everyone is at risk , " said Dr. Patrick Romano , senior author of a new report that found the number of children hospitalized with MRSA infections , mostly acquired from within the community , has more than doubled since 2000 . "  MRSA really started as a bacterium that was seen in hospitals among high-risk patients . But during the last decade , we saw it spread to the general population . " "  The problem is that MRSA began to affect people who were perfectly healthy , " adds Dr. Jaime Fergie , author of a 2005 study that concluded that infections in children had reached "  epidemic proportions . " Mutations in the organism made it more virulent and easy to transmit , he says . "  We continue to see more severe , life-threatening infections affecting the blood , lungs , muscles and even bones of previously healthy children . " In 2009 , 71,900 children were hospitalized because of infections under the skin , according to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality , and the CDC estimates there are approximately 10,800 deaths in the U.S. each year caused by staph , of which 5,500 are inked to MRSA . The problem became so widespread that in January , the Infectious Diseases Society of America called the condition a "  huge public health problem " and published its first-ever guidelines for the treatment of MRSA in pediatric patients . Protecting your child from MRSA "  We have to live with the fact that it 's out there , all around us in the community . At this point , we expect a certain level of these infections , " Romano says . "  Now , it 's a matter of recognizing the early signs and treating it early when we see it . " Audriana Willman spent three days in a hospital and recovered without serious complication from her MRSA infection . Her parents say their previous experience has made them more cognizant of every little bump on their daughter . And because their daughter is prone to skin infections , they are even more vigilant about hygiene in their household . "  We learned that the hard way , how quickly they can progress . The longer we can go without them , the better , " her mother says . As children head back to school , pediatricians are encouraging parents to become educated about MRSA to ensure that if their child gets an infection , they catch it early , before symptoms become severe . Here are 5 things parents should know : 1 . The infection site can resemble a spider bite "  Sometimes , parents mistake -LSB- a MRSA infection -RSB- for a spider bite because it is so intense and appears so suddenly , " said Fergie , a pediatric infectious disease expert at Driscoll Children 's Hospital in Corpus Christi , Texas . "  If you have n't seen a spider , do n't assume it 's a spider bite . If you recognize a painful red spot with a little bit of pus , that 's enough of a concern to go to a doctor , " he recommends . To help you identify the infections , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has compiled several images to better visualize what MRSA infections may look like . 2 . The infection may start like a pimple and advance rapidly Dr. Jennifer Shu , an Atlanta pediatrician , says parents often do n't realize how quickly the infection can progress . "  This is what shocks parents the most . Something that looked like a pimple is all of a sudden the size of a nickel , " explains Shu , who says the bacteria can spread within a matter of hours . She once saw a patient who developed more than 30 skin boils in two to three days . 3 . Transmission among young athletes is prevalent According to the National Athletic Trainers ' Association , skin diseases accounted for 56 % of all infectious diseases in competitive sports from 1922 through 2005 . Athletes tend to share things like equipment and towels , and children engaged in high-contacts sports inevitably receive cuts , bruises and scrapes , which act as potential entryways for serious bacterial infections . Last year , the association issued a position statement on skin disease among athletes warning that after a bacterial infection , they should not be allowed to return to a game until they complete a 72-hour course of antibiotic therapy and the infection has been completely drained . The CDC offers more prevention information and advice specifically for athletes on its website . 4 . Treatment for MRSA not always the first option Romano , a professor of pediatrics at the University of California , Davis , says that when a child has an infection , doctors do not always start with a prescription that works against MRSA bacteria . In communities experiencing high MRSA rates , pediatricians may automatically default to medications that fight the bacteria , but they may choose not to in communities where there has n't been an outbreak . If someone in your home or another child in your child 's school recently had a MRSA infection , alert a doctor , as it may be worth asking up front for a broader-spectrum antibiotic . Pages 12-15 of the Infectious Diseases Society of America 's Clinical Practice Guidelines list the treatment recommendations for adults and children based on their symptoms . Return to the pediatrician as soon as possible if within 48 hours you do not notice less swelling or redness , or if the infected area remains warm , Romano advises . 5 . Bleach baths and proper cleaning can help prevent spread If you have several children , and one of them has developed a MRSA infection , you want to keep the spread to a minimum . Experts say to keep the infected area covered with a bandage until it heals . The Willmans took the recommendation of an infectious disease specialist and gave their daughter a bleach bath using about a half-cup of bleach in about 13 gallons of water , a few times a week . There is the potential for skin irritation if the mixture is not diluted properly , so be sure to follow the guidelines outlined by the ISDA . You 'll also want to clean surfaces that might come in contact with the infection . The Environmental Protection Agency offers a list of registered cleaning products that are effective against MRSA .	Kids ' hospitalizations for community-acquired MRSA have doubled since 2000 10,800 deaths in the U.S. each year caused by staph , of which 5,500 are linked to MRSA Parents often mistake infection site for a spider bite
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. officials are revising the way they screen air passengers coming to the United States , dropping measures hastily implemented after the Christmas Day bombing attempt and replacing them with a plan to give airlines and other nations "  real-time , threat-based intelligence " about potential terrorists . Under the plan , the Transportation Security Administration would give airlines and other nations information gleaned from intelligence sources about potential terrorists -- information such as partial names , partial passport numbers and travel patterns of suspects . The plan retains existing No Fly and selectee lists , as well as the random selection of some passengers for additional screening . But the plan scuttles a much-criticized program , implemented in the wake of the December 25 bombing attempt , that subjected virtually all travelers from 14 predominantly Muslim countries to additional screening . "  What we have done is changed the way we screen passengers who are coming internationally into the United States , " said Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano . "  It is a more intel - or information-based way to screen . It 's a stronger way to determine whether passengers should go through secondary examination and not just primary examination . " The new security measures are the result of a review President Obama ordered after a Nigerian man allegedly tried to blow up a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day . The measures begin Friday but will take a short time to implement fully , a senior administration official said . The U.S. intelligence community will determine , based on threat information , which characteristics should be used to select passengers for secondary screening . Race could be one distinguishing feature passed along , but "  only when we have reliable intelligence that suggests that someone with that characteristic is a potential terrorist , " said the administration official . The official said the program did not involve racial profiling . The air carriers and international countries -- when they are the ones administering screening -- will have responsibility for pulling and screening passengers who meet the criteria . The official said there is no concern about providing too much intelligence to too many people . Security partners will be given what they need to identify people for additional screening and no more . The new security regime requires cooperation from the airlines and other governments , but the official does not anticipate compliance problems . "  It is in their interest to ensure the safety of their flights , " the official said . The United States will do inspections , and there will be penalties for not complying . The recent case of David Headley showed how "  fragmentary intelligence " can be used to help stop a potential terrorist , two administration officials said . In March , Headley pleaded guilty to helping plan the November 2008 Mumbai , India , terror attacks , and another attack that was never carried out on a Danish newspaper that published controversial cartoons about the prophet Mohammed . Based on intelligence , including a partial name and travel information , Customs and Border Protection did additional screening of travelers entering the United States and was able to identify Headley . Since the failed Christmas Day attack , Napolitano has participated in aviation summits in Spain , Mexico , Japan and other places to forge agreements and to strengthen ways information can be shared around the aviation community , a senior administration official said . Napolitano has suggested the International Civil Aviation Organization , a U.N. agency , set standards that would apply to all international airports , strengthening weak links in the security chain . European privacy laws have stymied previous U.S. efforts to gain access to passenger information . Full-body scanners improve security , TSA says "  I believe that this is a more effective security strategy , " said Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , ranking member of the Senate Homeland Security Committee . "  Applying a kind of blanket , ` one-size-fits-all ' scrutiny to individuals based solely on their country of origin provides only limited additional security and helps terrorists avoid detection by using operatives from other countries to carry out their plots . " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , ranking member of the House Homeland Security Committee , called the change a "  significant step forward " but criticized the White House for not briefing Congress before announcing the change . "  This is yet another instance of homeland security adviser John Brennan and other White House staff withholding important security information from Congress , " he said . The Sikh Coalition , a religious rights organization , also said it welcomed the change , highlighting the decision to end the "  14 country " directive . "  Because the policy focused solely on national origin and not individual behavior , it effectively made profiling the law of the United States , " the group said . "  Its rescission is a step in the right direction towards ending profiling by the federal government . " CNN 's Ed Henry and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : Policy of extra scrutiny for those from 14 mostly Muslim countries dropped New rules to deal with "  real-time , threat-based intelligence , " Homeland Security chief says Air security measures will replace ones added after failed Christmas Day attack
ATHENS , Georgia  CNN  -- Over the railroad tracks , near Agriculture Drive on the University of Georgia campus , sits a unique machine that may hold one of the solutions to big environmental problems like energy , food production and even global climate change . Biochar 's high carbon content and porous nature can help soil retain water , nutrients , protect soil microbes . "  This machine right here is our baby , " said UGA research engineer Brian Bibens , who is one of a handful of researchers around the world working on alternative ways to recycle carbon . Bibens ' specialty is "  biochar , " a highly porous charcoal made from organic waste . The raw material can be any forest , agricultural or animal waste . Some examples are woodchips , corn husks , peanut shells , even chicken manure . Bibens feeds the waste -- called "  biomass " -- into an octagonally shaped metal barrel where it is cooked under intense heat , sometimes above 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit , the organic matter is cooked through a thermochemical process called "  pyrolysis " . In a few hours , organic trash is transformed into charcoal-like pellets farmers can turn into fertilizer . Gasses given off during the process can be harnesed to fuel vehicles of power electric generators . Watch how biochar is made and why it 's important " Biochar is considered by many scientists to be the "  black gold " for agriculture . Its high carbon content and porous nature can help soil retain water , nutrients , protect soil microbes and ultimately increase crop yields while acting as natural carbon sink - sequestering CO2 and locking it into the ground . Biochar helps clean the air two ways : by preventing rotting biomass from releasing harmful CO2 into the atmosphere , and by allowing plants to safely store CO2 they pull out of the air during photosynthesis . See more about how biochar works " "  Soil acts as an enormous carbon pool , increasing this carbon pool could significantly contribute to the reduction of CO2 in the atmosphere , " said Christoph Steiner , one of the leading research scientist studying biochar . "  It gives us a chance to produce carbon negative energy . " Worldwide use of biochar could cut CO2 levels by 8 parts per million within 50 years , according to NASA scientist James Hansen . Global carbon levels in the air have been steadily increasing at an alarming rate since the 1980s , according to NOAA . Since 2000 , increases of 2 parts per million of CO2 have been common , according to NOAA . During the 1980s rates increased by 1.5 ppm per year . The process of making biochar can also lead to other valuable products . Some of the gases given off during the process can be converted to electricity , others can be condensed and converted to gasoline , and there are also some pharmaceutical applications for the by-products , said Danny Day President and CEO of Eprida , a private firm in Athens , Georgia currently exploring industry applications for the biochar process . Although scientists look to biochar to improve the future , its origin lies in the past . For centuries indigenous South Americans living in the Amazon Basin used a combination of charred animal waste and wood to make "  terra preta , " which means black earth , in Portuguese . Thousands of years later , the terra preta soil remains fertile without need for any added fertilizer , experts say . "  These terra preta soils are older than 500 years and they are still black soil and very rich in carbon , " said Steiner , a professor at the University of Georgia . Reducing the need for deforestation to create more cropland . By using biochar concepts , terra preta soils have been proven to remain fertile for thousands of years , preventing further harmful deforestation for agricultural purposes . But still more large-scale tests need to be conducted before biochar technology can be rolled out on a global scale . Day says biomass -- that otherwise would be thrown away -- could be developed into entirely new markets for biofuels , electricity , biomass extracts and pharmaceutical applications , in addition to biochar . "  We have 3 billion people out there who are at risk for climate change and they can be making money solving our global problem , " said Day . Industries can now begin to look at farmers around the world and pay them for their agricultural wastes , said Day . "  They can become the new affluent . "	` Biochar ' may reduce greenhouse gases , produce clean energy , help farming Organic waste can be turned into valuable , renewable resources Ancient farming method could improve crop yields Experts : Biochar could reduce harmful global CO2 levels
CNN  -- After Israel 's Maccabi Electra Tel Aviv beat Spain 's Real Madrid in the Euroleague basketball finals Sunday , some people on Twitter responded with vile anti-Semitic tweets . "  Now I understand Hitler and his hate for Jews , " one tweet read . That user removed the tweet and is now apologizing profusely , tweeting that his "  empty words " were a joke and that he never meant to offend . Another hateful tweet said the Maccabi team would hit the showers after the game , "  but in the gas chamber , I hope . " That user appears to have removed his as well . He also retweeted an op-ed from the Spanish newspaper El Pais arguing that while concern about hateful tweets makes sense , such offenses should not be considered illegal . But to some leaders of Jewish communities in Spain , these and numerous other tweets crossed a legal line . "  We are standing up and saying enough is enough . We 're not going to allow this anymore , " Uri Benguigui , chairman of the Barcelona Jewish Community , told CNN on Wednesday . Various Jewish groups have come together to file a legal complaint calling for the offenders to be punished . "  To send a message to Spain that this is not OK , " Benguigui said . It 's not that the groups want these people incarcerated , he said . But they want some kind of sentence . "  There is a problem with anti-Semitism in Spain . I want them to fix this problem , " he said . He pointed to a recent global study published by the Anti-Defamation League that found one in four adults worldwide are "  deeply infected with anti-Semitic attitudes . " In Spain , the study found , 29 % of the adult population believed most of the anti-Semitic stereotypes in the survey -- the third highest number in Western Europe after Greece at 69 % and France at 37 % . ` Unprecedented ' global study finds 1 in 4 adults anti-Semitic European nations do n't have the same freedom of expression protections that the United States does . "  When you cross a line , you face a problem , " said Benguigui . Unclear how many anti-Semitic tweets Many of the offensive tweets used a hashtag that included an expletive followed by "  judios , " which means Jews . A software program found about 17,500 such tweets at the point that the Jewish groups complained , Benguigui said . The complaint triggered global headlines citing this number of anti-Semitic tweets . But in fact , many of those tweets were from people saying how offensive the hashtag was . In the interview with CNN , Benguigui said the groups do n't know how many of the tweets using the hashtag actually were anti-Semitic . When hashtags trend that are offensive against any group , it 's often due to a mix of people saying offensive things and those calling out the offensive messages . The same happened this week in France with the hashtag " #MerciHitlerPour3945 , " thanking Hitler for World War II . Groups want Twitter users ID 'd Benguigui said his and other groups have identified five of the offending Twitter users . And he wants more of them identified . It 's an issue Twitter has faced repeatedly in recent years . Last year , a French court demanded that Twitter identify those who post hate speech , the technology website ArsTechnica reported in a story on CNN.com . In 2012 , under pressure from the French advocacy group Union of Jewish Students , Twitter agreed to remove some offensive tweets . Also that year , at Berlin 's request , Twitter suspended a German neo-Nazi account based in the city of Hanover , marking the first time the company had responded to such a government request , the report said . "  We work very hard to protect people 's experiences on Twitter , but sadly there are a small amount of people in this world who are intent on causing distress for others both offline and online , " Twitter said Wednesday in a statement sent to CNN . "  On Twitter we have rules which govern how people can behave and targeted abuse and direct threats of violence are against our rules . When they sign up , Twitter users agree to respect them . " With more than 500 million tweets a day , "  we rely on our users to report content " that violates rules , the statement said . To report any tweet , a user can open it , click "  More , " and then "  Report Tweet . " A real person ends up reviewing it . On its site called "  Transparency Report , " Twitter lists information requests from governments , removal requests and copyright notices . The company also works with different countries to provide information within different legal systems , and posts its moves at the website chillingeffects.org . Benguigui sees this effort as a sign of what Jewish people in Spain have been going through . "  We 've been hidden for many years , " he said . "  We did n't want to appear , did n't want to make noise . " He cites the Inquisition , which began in the 1400s and was not officially abolished until the 19th century . "  It 's time to say , ` We are home , we have equal rights , we have the same opportunities as everyone , ' " Benguigui said . "  We need to educate people . "	Israel 's team beat Madrid 's in Sunday 's Euroleague basketball finals Some people on Twitter called for gas chambers , cited Hitler Some Spanish Jewish groups want legal action It 's unclear how many anti-Semitic tweets there were
The Hollywood Reporter  Good news arrived Thursday for "  Fifty Shades of Grey " fans . Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10 , 2017 . The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9 , 2018 . The news came one day after The Hollywood Reporter reported exclusively that the husband of EL James , author of the "  Fifty Shades " trilogy , will write the script for the second film . Niall Leonard , who is married and has two sons with the British author , is an author himself , in addition to being a screenwriter . James , whose real name is Erika Leonard , has been credited with keeping a strong amount of creative control when it comes to Universal 's adaptations of her books , the second of which is titled "  Fifty Shades Darker . " After clashing with James , Sam Taylor-Johnson is n't returning to direct the sequel . Stars Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan are negotiating for more money for the sequel after the first film , release over Valentine 's Day weekend of this year , earned a massive $ 568.8 million worldwide . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	A second "  Fifty Shades " film will be released in 2017 , a third in 2018 Director Sam Taylor-Johnson wo n't be returning
CNN  The moment he stepped aboard the North Korean airliner , Bernie Leighton felt like he 'd entered a Cold War time machine . For an aviation enthusiast like Leighton , it was nothing short of thrilling . After years of anticipation , Leighton , a real estate investor , finally snagged a seat on a rare 1980s Soviet-built Ilyushin IL-62 airliner . Patriotic military music filled the cabin . Flight attendants handed out communist propaganda magazines . As Leighton put it , that 2012 flight on Air Koryo airlines from Beijing to Pyongyang was an experience "  beyond belief . " That 's high praise . Leighton may rank among the most accomplished "  avgeeks " in the world . He said he 's flown on at least 50 kinds of aircraft and racked up an estimated 2 million air miles . "  The IL-62 , by Western standards , was quite old , but it was actually one of the newer planes I flew on while I was there , " Leighton said . Only a handful still fly in commercial service worldwide , he said . Its interior decor might have been inspired by a waiting room inside a 1970s Soviet doctor 's office , Leighton joked . Upholstery : saggy and blue . Walls : a kind of speckled linoleum . Odd , yes . But also spectacular and well-kept . The 28-year-old Canadian native who lives in Redmond , Washington , has Rain-Man-like avgeek skills , which he 'll show you -- if you prompt him . "  When I get on a plane , I can not only tell you where it was manufactured , I can also tell you when it was produced , " Leighton said . His expertise has earned him appearances as an aviation analyst on Canada 's CTV , the BBC and the Fox News Channel . Leighton also shares his avgeek adventures as a correspondent for airlinereporter.com . How to travel to North Korea A police state that 's largely cut off from the world may run its national airline a bit ... differently from the West . Crew members appeared to be "  thoroughly inspected before they get on the plane , " Leighton said . Neither a hair nor a button out of place . Leighton was surprised when the flight attendants began speaking to him in English . "  You got the feeling that -- in North Korean society -- aviation ranks among the most prestigious career paths , " he said . "  It allows them the extremely rare experience to explore their own country and to experience a bit of the world outside their borders . " Flight attendant says ` nut rage ' ex-airline exec cursed and shoved After barreling down the Beijing runway , the powerful IL-62 rocketed into the sky like a fighter jet , Leighton said . When it leveled off , it was time for meal service -- North Korean style . Entree : cold chicken , warm potato curry , cold ham and a bun Dessert : fruit salad "  It was n't terrible , " Leighton said . At other times during Leighton 's North Korean tour , in-flight meals may have been served with a side of paranoia . He and other passengers said they saw "  metallic glints a couple hundred feet above or below " their plane . They suspected these "  glints " were reflections from unseen military aircraft shadowing them nearby . "  You ca n't really be too scared , " Leighton said . "  But you realize that if the pilot ever went crazy enough to make a run for the South with you on board , the aircraft would n't be airborne for very long . That 's only mildly disconcerting . " Fear is relative , he reminds himself . "  I mean , remember , you 're on a 30-year-old Russian aircraft in North Korea , " Leighton joked . "  You kind of get weirdness fatigue after a certain point . " Opinions about Air Koryo have been mixed . A 2014 review by UK-based Skytrax gave it only one star out of five , for poor service . But flying enthusiast Sam Chui , who said he 's traveled on Air Koryo a dozen times , disagrees . "  They provide decent service , " Chui said . "  They 're just using some different equipment , which , as a flight enthusiast , you totally enjoy . " Just like its airplanes , North Korea 's airline roots are planted in Soviet Russia . In 1950 , authorities formed an airline called Sokao , which linked Pyongyang and Moscow , according to Flight Global . In 1955 , North Korea 's national carrier Chosonminhang formed , according to Air Koryo 's website . The government renamed it Air Koryo in 1992 . Efforts to modernize Air Koryo 's fleet have been stymied by longstanding international economic sanctions against North Korea . Among jet-setting avgeeks , Chui reigns as the "  arch-Duke of aviation photography , " Leighton said . Chui said he has flown 111 types of aircraft and logged more than 2.4 million miles . He fell in love with aviation while growing up in Hong Kong , watching spectacular takeoffs and landings at the now-defunct airport known as Kai Tak . Years later , Chui had turned into a full-fledged avgeek , flying on the world 's rarest aircraft and scoring seats on new types of planes . This hobby is expensive . To pay the bills , Chui , 34 , works as a financial markets investor from his home base in the United Arab Emirates . He figures the money he 's spent over the years would have bought him "  a couple more houses . " Chui 's bragging list includes : • farewell commercial flights on a DC-8 and a Boeing 707 • one of the last flights of the supersonic Concorde • first test flight of the world 's biggest airliner , the Airbus A380 • inaugural flight of the sleek new Airbus A350 Bragging rights create "  a healthy element of friendly rivalry " among his fellow avgeeks , Chui admits . "  But aviation is big enough for everyone to enjoy . " Enthusiasts gather at conventions like a Seattle-area event co-sponsored by airlinereporter.com called AvgeekFest , which has quickly gained popularity since it launched in 2009 . A self-described "  Super Bowl " for enthusiasts is Airliners International , hosted this June in Atlanta . These are the places where avgeeks will be writing their bucket lists of planes they most want to fly on . For Leighton , there seems to be no shortage of determination . His holy grail is a four-engined Russian bomber nicknamed "  The Bear , " many of which are still in service at Russian and Indian military bases . "  There has to be some sort of quasi-legal way to get on one , " Leighton said . "  So I 'm gon na keep working at it . "	Aviation enthusiasts love North Korea 's Cold War-era airliners North Korean airline Air Koryo flies decades-old Soviet-built planes Travelers reveal what it 's like to fly in North Korea
Washington  CNN  -- The gay son of Republican congressional challenger Nan Hayworth says his mother -- who 's trying to unseat New York 's only openly gay congressman -- is "  no extremist " in a new ad . The spot is an attempt to insulate Hayworth against Democratic Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney 's criticism of her stance on social issues like same-sex marriage , which she 's said the federal government should n't mandate nationwide . "  As a gay man , coming to terms with who I am was n't easy , " Hayworth 's son Will says in the ad . "  But my parents love me for who I am and for whom I love . So when I hear vicious negative attacks against Nan Hayworth , I have to speak out . "  Nan Hayworth is no extremist , " he says . "  She 's my mom . She 's kind . She 's compassionate . She 's always been there for me . And she 'll always be there for you . " The race is an attempt at a comeback for Hayworth : She 'd previously won the Hudson Valley seat in 2010 before being ousted by Maloney in 2012 . But her stances on gay rights issues have opened her to criticism from Democrats who also point to her calls to defund Planned Parenthood as they portray her as loyal to the tea party . After Hayworth told the Poughkeepsie Journal that while she has no problem with recent court rulings legalizing same-sex marriage in some states , the federal government "  should not impose the definition of marriage on the states and I think every state is proceeding as it should , " Maloney accused Hayworth of allowing discriminatory state policies . "  How dare you say that you respect my marriage and wish us well and say that if we go down to Alabama they can discriminate against us , " he said . Maloney has run "  millions of dollars of negative attack ads against Dr. Hayworth , which are not true , and we figured , what better way to respond than with her son , " said Terence Michos , a Hayworth campaign adviser . Hayworth has also felt heat from the right . While in Congress , Hayworth was a member of the LGBT Equality Caucus , angering conservatives in her district .	Republican Nan Hayworth is challenging openly gay Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney Hayworth 's gay son defends his mother in a new ad , saying she 's "  no extremist " Hayworth 's stances on gay rights issues have triggered criticism from the left and right
CNN  -- Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has told Manchester United 's Wayne Rooney to decide where his future lies after the England striker starred in a goalless draw between the two teams on Monday . Chelsea have seen two bids rejected by United for Rooney , who has been the subject of almost constant speculation throughout the transfer window . When asked in his post-match press conference whether he wanted Rooney to publicly make his intentions clear , Mourinho responded : "  Yes , I would . " Rooney started for United in David Moyes ' first competitive match at Old Trafford since replacing Alex Ferguson as manager . Moyes is adamant Rooney will remain in Manchester , but it did not stop Mourinho saying last week that Chelsea would return with a third bid for the former Everton player . Rooney , 27 , joined United in 2004 and he is the fourth highest goalscorer in the club 's history , having found the net 197 times in 404 appearances . Mourinho intimated he had been alerted to Rooney 's desire to leave United and now he has called on the player to conclude the issue once and for all . "  I think the person that started the story has to finish the story , " continued the former Inter Milan and Real Madrid coach . "  A club like us , a manager like me , the people that work in the club with me , we are not silly to try to get a player from a big club , a big club that does n't sell what they do n't want to sell . "  We are not silly to try something if somebody did n't start -LSB- it -RSB- . " Blog : Can Moyes meet United challenge ? "  Do you want me to tell you what for me is the most important thing ? " Mourinho continued . "  It is that he played very well . "  He was a real professional , playing for his club , playing for the club that pays him . He tried to win , tried to score . He was fantastic . "  After that he wants to leave ? He has to say . Or he decided now he does n't want to leave any more . His problem . But I praise him because he was fantastic , he played a fantastic match in difficult circumstances . " The draw leaves Chelsea top of the English Premier League with two wins and a draw from their opening three matches . Defending champions United have four points , a win and a draw , from their opening two matches .	Jose Mourinho tells Manchester United 's Wayne Rooney to decide where his future lies The Chelsea manager has had two bids rejected for the England striker Mourinho was speaking after Chelsea 's 0-0 draw with United on Monday The draw leaves Chelsea top of the English Premier League
Paris , France  CNN  -- France footballer Thierry Henry will meet his country 's President Nicolas Sarkozy on Thursday to explain the national team 's behavior during the World Cup , Sarkozy 's office said Wednesday . The meeting , scheduled for 10:30 a.m.  4:30 a.m. ET  , is at Henry 's request , Sarkozy 's office said . France was eliminated from the World Cup on Tuesday after a 2-1 loss to tournament host South Africa . French media slams ` shameful ' exit It followed an apparent collapse in relations between coach Raymond Domenech and his players that saw captain Patrice Evra left out of the match and the team refusing to practice on Sunday . Henry , once France 's main striker and a World Cup winner in 1998 , was reduced to a minor role in this year 's tournament as he started all three matches on the substitutes ' bench . Pedro Pinto : Heads should roll for French farce France , traditionally among the strongest national sides in world football and the losing finalist in Germany four years ago , become one of the first to be eliminated this time around . Striker Nicolas Anelka was sent home after confronting Domenech at halftime during France 's 2-0 defeat by Mexico last week . Evra was then involved in a public training ground dispute with the squad 's fitness coach on Sunday and is reported to have led dissent over Anelka 's expulsion from the squad , with the entire squad boycotting the training session . Adding to the confusion , French team director Jean-Louis Valentin then publicly announced his resignation to the media , while French sports minister Roselyne Bachelot has been in France attempting to mediate between Domenech and his players . France 's World Cup nightmare ends in defeat But on Monday night Bachelot told journalists the French players had "  tarnished the image of France , " according to French sports newspaper L'Equipe . In an indication of the extent to which relations had broken down between Domenech and his squad , the coach on Monday described this players ' decision to strike as "  unspeakably stupid , " and called their actions "  an aberration and an imbecility . " "  Nobody can behave in such a way in the dressing room or elsewhere and high-level sportsmen and women have to lead by example through football , " Domenech told reporters . "  We tried to convince the players that what was happening was irregular , that their actions were unspeakably stupid . I told myself this masquerade had to be stopped . No way would I back this action . " France 's problems at the World Cup had exacerbated long-standing dissatisfaction with the controversial Domenech , who is due to step down as national coach after the tournament to make way for former World Cup-winning defender Laurent Blanc . The French only qualified for South Africa by virtue of a tight playoff win over Ireland , sealed with the help of Henry 's controversial handballed assist for William Gallas ' goal . Exit at the group stage in South Africa marks a second successive failure in the opening stages of a major tournament , with France having crashed out of Euro 2008 without winning a match .	Thierry Henry to meet French president this week to discuss World Cup debacle France crashed out at the first-round stage following defeat by host South Africa Defeat came after falling-out between coach Raymond Domenech and his players Henry , once France 's star striker , was reduced to a minor role at the tournament
CNN  -- The case of three women held as slaves in south London has shocked not just the British public , but people across the world . What makes this particular case stand out is the length of time these women are said to have been held captive - over 30 years . Although this is an extreme example , this type of slavery is not uncommon in London . Figures from the United Kingdom Human Trafficking Centre and Serious Organised Crime Agency for this year show that there were 389 potential victims of trafficking in the capital . Although the women in this case are not believed to have been trafficked , the case shows that hidden slavery is taking place around us , within our everyday environments , whether it be on construction sites , mobile soup runs for the homeless , at cheap takeaways , in nail bars and in domestic homes in our neighborhoods . Read more : How to recover after decades of slavery ? It 's not necessarily organized by criminal gangs - it can involve informal arrangements , carried out by so-called ordinary and even respected people in the community . I recently published a report called "  Shadow City -- Exposing human trafficking in everyday London " that uncovered just how diverse that trafficking is , and that no matter where you live you are probably not that far from someone who is being exploited . Sadly , authorities are still blind to this . Things need to change , urgently . An overstretched anti-trafficking unit in London 's Metropolitan Police , and a figure-driven culture , means police are focusing on large-scale organized cases , and neglecting the informal cases that take longer to find , but are sometimes more serious . In this case the three victims were lucky . They are said to have contacted a charity that was able to successfully rescue them . Many are not so fortunate . Read more : Slavery 's last stronghold But if we continue to lose the expertise of dedicated trafficking officers within the Met police , the cultural subtleties behind cases will be missed and traffickers and perpetrators of slavery will continue to largely evade conviction . Of course budgets are tight , but if the money made in trafficking exploits is recuperated through the use of specialist teams , then these investigations could pay for themselves . In my report , I made some recommendations that could help tackle the lack of action on informal types of slavery . These included the Met 's anti-trafficking unit being urgently protected from further integration into other units , additional human trafficking units to be established in other police forces across the UK , human trafficking to become part of the core syllabus for training new police recruits , and special points of contact to be established in every borough 's police force . The police are not the only agency that needs better systems put in place . It is also vitally important that social workers , teachers , health professionals and benefit agency staff receive training on how to spot signs of trafficking and slavery , and who to consult if they have concerns . For too long many Londoners have assumed that trafficking happens elsewhere , and statutory agencies have concentrated too much resource into trafficking that happens through organized crime with a concentration on drugs and sex workers . The case in south London shows that slaves could be living next door . Read more : The CNN Freedom Project Watch more : 12,000 girls rescued from slavery The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Boff	The case of three women held capitive in London has shocked Britain , and the world While it 's an extreme example , slavery is not uncommon in London , Andrew Boff says Authorities are over-stretched and neglecting the informal cases which are hard to find This case shows how slavery is a huge problem -- and it 's all around us
CNN  -- It 's one of the top 10 most-visited sites worldwide , with over 2 million articles in its English language edition . But is online encyclopedia Wikipedia 's strength -- that anyone can edit it -- also its greatest weakness ? Wikipedia : an invaluable repository of global knowledge or a magnet for digital vandals and hoaxers ? This June , former president of the American Library Association , Michael Gorman hit out at academics who endorsed the use of Wikipedia to their students , saying in the Encyclopaedia Britannica blog that "  a professor who encourages the use of Wikipedia is the intellectual equivalent of a dietician who recommends a steady diet of Big Macs with everything . " Gorman added that Google and Wikipedia were creating a generation of "  intellectual sluggards incapable of moving beyond the Internet , " with no interest in exploring non-digital resources . Gorman 's remarks received a mixed response . Some said that students should be taught to discern whether a source was authoritative . Others pointed to academics who cite Wikipedia , saying it was unfair to prevent students from doing the same . Ben Fairweather , research fellow in the center for computing and social responsibility at De Montfort University , England , was quoted in the Times Higher Education Supplement saying that Internet resources had made research more efficient and removed some of the "  drudgery out of producing good work . " Gorman 's position was that he was not taking issue with the technology per se , but was concerned by the lack of peer review based on an intellectual meritocracy , adding , "  That meritocracy must be based on respect for expertise and learning . " Perhaps surprisingly , this view is shared by Larry Sanger , who was with Wikipedia from the start and is often referred to as a co-founder .  Though that 's up for debate on the site , too .  When he parted ways with Wikipedia , Sanger felt that the site 's vulnerability to vandalism could undermine its reputation . That spurred him to set up "  Citizendium , " a rival wiki-based project where articles are vetted by known experts and authors are required to use their real names . Citizendium launched this year with the aim to become "  the world 's most trusted knowledge base , " though with just 3000 articles to hold to Wikipedia 's 2 million , some would question whether the site can ever catch up . For the most part , Wikipedia is working . A 2005 study by British journal Nature found that the online encyclopedia was about as accurate as its competitors on science . But a commonly cited peril of Wikipedia 's anonymity is vandalism . In one notorious example , journalist John Seigenthaler Sr. was listed as a suspect in both Kennedy assassinations by a prankster : the entry remained up for four months in 2005 . Such abuse tends to get quickly swept away by the site 's volunteers , especially if an article has been placed on a watch list by editors who are interested in the subject . Still , at any given point , Wikipedia visitors ca n't be sure of what they 're getting . Look no further than the Seigenthaler entry : For 31 hours last September , he was said to have killed and eaten JFK . Seigenthaler slammed the site in an opinion piece in USA Today , berating Wikipedia 's "  volunteer vandals with poison-pen intellects . " Some might say that the edits in Seigenthaler 's profile would never have made it into the mainstream media . But those seeking proof of just how much emphasis even professional journalists can place on Wikipedia need look no further than the example of Ronnie Hazlehurst , a British composer of TV theme tunes for shows including "  Yes , Minister " and "  Last of the Summer Wine , " who died this October . According to several high-profile obituaries , including the BBC , Reuters , the London Times and The Guardian , Hazlehurst , at the age of 72 , also penned "  Reach , " a 2000 hit for UK pop combo S Club 7 . The unfortunate writers had omitted to double-check his Wikipedia discography , and collectively fell victim to Wiki-hoaxers . Even those who spot errors in their own profiles can be reluctant to address them . In April this year , Pulitzer Prize-winning author and academic Douglas Hofstadter told the New York Times of his Wikipedia entry , " -LSB- it -RSB- is filled with inaccuracies , and it kind of depresses me . " When asked why he did n't fix it , he replied , "  The next day someone will fix it back . " Wikipedia recognizes that to-and-fro tussling -- or "  edit warring " -- is damaging to its reputation , and some of the more controversial topics -- such as those on Islam , Elvis Presley and abortion -- have been locked to limit who can alter them . But as its reputation as an online resource has grown , the encyclopedia has also become a target for corporate spin . In January this year , the Associated Press reported that Microsoft had offered a blogger cash to alter Wikipedia articles . Microsoft claimed that the articles contained inaccuracies on an open-source document standard and a rival format put forward by the software giant . Then , this summer , Virgil Griffith , a 24-year-old Cal Tech graduate student , unearthed some eyebrow-raising data . Wired.com reported in August that Griffith created an application called WikiScanner that tracks edits that have been made to Wikipedia articles and cross-references them against IP addresses , which can be traced back to companies ' offices . Griffith proved what many had suspected for some time : that edits on company profiles were often originating from IP addresses owned by those companies and even their competitors . Just a few of the corporations listed included Exxon Mobil , Apple , Microsoft and Wal-Mart , along with several politicians ' offices . " "  It was dead easy , " Griffith told Forbes.com . "  I just combined two databases and -- poof -- you have these public relations disasters . " Some of those edits , Wired reported , appeared to be "  transparently self-interested , either adding positive , press release-like material to entries , or deleting whole swaths of critical material . " Wired cited the example of voting-machine company Diebold , "  with someone at the company 's IP address apparently deleting long paragraphs detailing the security industry 's concerns over the integrity of their voting machines , and information about the company 's CEO 's fund-raising for President Bush . " The deleted text was restored by a Wikipedia contributor , who added : "  Please stop removing content from Wikipedia . It is considered vandalism . " So should we turn our backs on Wikipedia -- scratch it and start again ? Absolutely not . As a project -- to gather together our collective knowledge -- Wikipedia is admirable . As a repository for human knowledge , it is invaluable . As an introductory resource on anything from scientific formulae to walk-on characters in TV sitcoms , its breadth is unmatched . Its content is also a priceless reflection of humanity and its concerns . Only a tiny fraction of its vast repository is polluted by vandals , hoaxers and ne'er - do-wells , who in turn are chased down by its dedicated band of editors and administrators . But a resource that can be edited by experts and non-experts alike will always carry risks , and perhaps that 's Wikipedia 's greatest lesson for us all : that its very existence must force us to question notions of accuracy and reliability , while giving us a means to correct errors and add to the global knowledge pot . Two things are certain : no encyclopedia will ever be perfect , and we will never reach consensus on all Wikipedia articles . And in the meantime , while an invaluable first port of call , those using Wikipedia would be well advised to confirm their facts elsewhere . ... . Do you take Wikipedia at face value , or with a pinch of salt ? Should we learn from the experts , or does each of us have a part to play ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum . The Associated Press contributed to this article .	Free online encyclopedia Wikipedia has fallen victim to hoaxers , vandals Students and journalists have fallen foul of site 's inaccuracies Cal Tech grad student has uncovered corporate Wikipedia whitewashing Site is still a valuable resource -- when used with caution
CNN  -- More than 250,000 secret U.S. diplomatic cables are now available in full and unfiltered online , exposing scores of U.S. diplomatic sources and informants that were meant to be protected often for their own safety , according to the website WikiLeaks . But this is not an official WikiLeaks release . Rather , what appears to be a string of errors has lead to both the raw file and the password that unlocks that file to be released into the public domain , without WikiLeaks control . In a statement posted on Twitter , WikiLeaks said , "  Guardian investigations editor , David Leigh , recklessly , and without gaining our approval , knowingly disclosed the decryption passwords in a book published by the Guardian . " In February , Leigh released the book "  WikiLeaks : Inside Julian Assange 's War on Secrecy . " In it , he describes in detail how WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange gave him the password to unlock the massive archive of diplomatic cables . The London-based Guardian newspaper responded to the WikiLeaks tweet with its own statement : "  It 's nonsense to suggest the Guardian 's WikiLeaks book has compromised security in any way . Our book about WikiLeaks was published last February . It contained a password , but no details of the location of the files , and we were told it was a temporary password which would expire and be deleted in a matter of hours . "  It was a meaningless piece of information to anyone except the person  s  who created the database . No concerns were expressed when the book was published and if anyone at WikiLeaks had thought this compromised security they have had seven months to remove the files . That they did n't do so clearly shows the problem was not caused by the Guardian 's book . " So how did it happen ? In November , WikiLeaks announced that it would begin releasing the diplomatic cables together with select media partners , including the Guardian , Germany 's Der Spiegel , France 's Le Monde and Spain 's El Pais , among others . WikiLeaks now says it has more than 90 participating media and human rights partners . WikiLeaks shared both the raw file containing the cables and the password with its partners in order for them to jointly comb through the files and research their contents . Most media , including WikiLeaks , redacted the material before publishing their findings . WikiLeaks itself promised to publish all of the diplomatic cables on its website but only after vetting the documents and conducting its own "  harm minimization " policy of removing any information that might endanger diplomatic sources and informants . However , in that process , the raw file was unwittingly posted online by WikiLeaks supporters and available for anyone to download , according to former WikiLeaks insider Daniel Domscheit-Berg . WikiLeaks often asks its supporters to help back up its website by downloading and sometimes mirroring the material it has already released . "  The people releasing the file were not aware of the password issue , and vice versa . At least that is how it appears to me , " Domscheit-Berg told CNN . "  That 's the precise sort of miscommunication that must not happen when dealing with such serious information , and one of the problems that made me and others leave the project . " The file was encrypted , so anyone downloading it would not have been able to open it without the password . Several month later however , according to WikiLeaks , the Guardian released that password . Now , anyone with access to the downloaded file and the password can see all of the unfiltered information from these cables , including protected sources . It 's not clear exactly when WikiLeaks discovered the security breach . But in the last week , WikiLeaks has dramatically sped up the publication of the diplomatic cables . Before last week , the website had released less than 10 % of the entire cache . As of Wednesday evening , more than 140,000 had been released , more than half of the entire cache . In a statement explaining the sudden rush to publish , WikiLeaks said it was part of its "  commitment to maximizing impact , and making information available to all " -- inviting the public to "  crowdsource " the files and post their findings on Twitter as a form of public journalism . WikiLeaks said Wednesday it took "  emergency action " two weeks ago in the hopes of preventing the password from being spread . That included accelerating its publication schedule "  to get as much of the material as possible into the hands of journalists and human rights lawyers who need it . " WikiLeaks also says it contacted the U.S. State Department to warn the department of the breach . According to the statement , WikiLeaks personnel spoke for 75 minutes with a State Department legal advisor by phone , in the hope that the U.S. government would be able to warn any sources that may be put in danger by the now-public cables . State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said Thursday that "  WikiLeaks did advise us of the impending release of information and of its intention to continue to release classified documents . " "  We have made clear our views and concerns about illegally disclosed classified information and the continuing risk to individuals and national security that such releases cause , " Nuland said . "  WikiLeaks has , however , ignored our requests not to release or disseminate any U.S. documents it may possess and has continued its well-established pattern of irresponsible , reckless , and frankly dangerous actions . We are not cooperating with them . " WikiLeaks denies it is responsible for the security breach . In an earlier Twitter posting , WikiLeaks said : "  There has been no ` leak at WikiLeaks ' . The issue relates to a mainstream media partner and a malicious individual . " That was a thinly veiled referenced to the Guardian newspaper and Domscheit-Berg , the former WikiLeaks insider who now runs Openleaks , another whistle-blowing site , and who is currently embroiled in a war of words with Assange . Domscheit-Berg told CNN that he discovered the security breach "  by chance " and alerted his media partner , the German newspaper Die Freitag . WikiLeaks blames Domscheit-Berg for directing attention to the breach and the Guardian for leaking the password . Domscheit-Berg counters that ultimate responsibility lies with WikiLeaks . "  The password should never have been shared with anyone at all , " he said . "  This was a fixed agreement within WikiLeaks . It was not meant to be given to anyone at all . Ironically , not even I knew the password or had any access to the data . Why it had been passed on , only Julian  Assange  knows . " Assange was not available for comment .	NEW : The State Department says it was notified of the problem Thousands of secret U.S. cables are now online WikiLeaks blames the writer of a book on WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange "  Nonsense , " say the writer and his publisher
Phillips Andover Academy , one of the most elite and selective boarding high schools in the country , failed again to elect a girl to its top student position -- the school presidency . Since the school went co-ed in 1973 , only three girls have held this office . In a letter that launched a fiery debate across its campus , senior girls implored their peers to look hard at the school 's "  staggering gender imbalance " in student leadership . Headmaster John Palfrey responded by telling The New York Times , "  Girls have not had equal access to top leadership positions . " Yet , access for girls is rarely the problem when it comes to pursuing leadership . Feeling authorized to take leadership roles is the problem . It starts early . From childhood to adolescence , girls face mixed messages about displaying power and authority . The girls at Andover and elsewhere are socialized to be likeable , to please others , to not tout their own successes and to speak softly like proper girls . As a result , they face powerful psychological barriers to attaining leadership roles . The impact of what I call the "  curse of the good girl " effect first appears in friendships , when young girls take pains to avoid direct conflict with peers . "  I want to tell her how I feel , " a typical girl would say in my research interviews , "  but what if she hates me or turns other people against me ? " These girls often resorted to gossip and other forms of indirect communication , or they internalize their feelings in unhealthy ways . Over time , pretending not to be angry with a friend when you are , or turning to a text messages instead of having an honest conversation , becomes a formative habit of communication . Meanwhile , the muscles that girls need to assert their strongest feelings and opinions atrophy . By the time girls join sports teams and school organizations , many have imported these social habits into student leadership contexts . In a study by the Girl Scouts , girls from 8 to 17 worried that leadership positions would make them seem "  bossy " and lead to negative attention from peers . By college , a skills and confidence gap becomes apparent . On the nearly 40 college campuses that run Elect Her , a program that trains women to run for student government , female students comprise over half of the student body but only hold about a third of the executive positions in student government . A study by Jennifer Lawless and Richard Fox , co-authors of "  It Still Takes a Candidate : Why Women Do n't Run for Office , " found that self-doubt plagues young women ages 18 to 25 who are considering a run for public office . In contrast , their male peers were 60 % more likely to view themselves as "  very qualified . " Parents , too , play a role . The same study shows that parents are key influencers in a girl 's decision to run for office . Not only did the data show that many more boys than girls are encouraged by a parent to run for office , but half of the students whose mothers suggested they run said they would like to in the future , compared with only 3 % of those who got no nudge . Everyone -- women and men -- need to be more aware of the social cost of punishing girls for being too assertive . Just as a woman becomes instantly less likeable when she asks for a raise -- as research indicates -- a teenage girl can lose social standing when she seems too opinionated . The penalties are different , but the message is the same : Be too "  bossy " or say too much , and you will pay the price . The potential for a girl to become a leader seems over before it even begins . We can help girls feel more confident as leaders by teaching them the right skills early on , such as talking to a person you do n't know or negotiating a compromise . Organizations such as the Girls Leadership Institute teach girls as young as 5 to express their feelings with friends and how to be assertive . Our educators should consider integrating leadership skill instructions into lesson plans . The White House recently convened a conference on girls ' leadership to address the public leadership gender gap . As the father of two girls , President Barack Obama must understand how important it is to educate girls so that they can grow up and become leaders -- if they so choose . It is time for all of us to help close that gap .	At prestigious Phillips Andover Academy , only three girls have been school president Rachel Simmons : The real problem is that girls do n't feel authorized to be leaders She says girls from childhood onward get mixed messages about displaying power Simmons : Awareness and education can help close the leadership gender gap
It 's an idea that 's radical in its simplicity . Swiss voters on November 24 will consider capping executive pay at 12 times what the lowest-paid worker at a company makes -- the premise being that a CEO should make no more in a month than a low-level employee earns in a year . The referendum , which is called the "  1:12 initiative " and began after supporters gathered 100,000 signatures to put it on the ballot , is the kind of elegant solution to income inequality that we in the United States should consider more seriously . Not because the initiative , as it will be voted on , would work in the United States . It likely would n't . But because the idea of tethering top executive pay to SOME sort of concrete metric might stop American execs from floating further into the stratosphere . RELATED : The most unequal place in America Here in America , the land of unequal opportunity , the CEOs of top-500 companies make in a single day about what it takes an average "  rank-and-file " worker a year to earn , according to the AFL-CIO , the federation of unions . Switzerland has an average CEO-to-worker compensation ratio of 148 to 1 , the group says . The average U.S. rate is 354 to 1 , according to the AFL-CIO . Others put the ratio somewhat lower , around 273 to 1 in 2012 . Either way , it 's bad . And some U.S. companies are worse , still . JC Penney Co. has the highest ratio -- 1,795:1 -- on a list of 250 businesses compiled by Bloomberg . That department store 's CEO got $ 53.3 million in pay and benefits in 2012 , Bloomberg says . Workers , by comparison , earned only about $ 30,000 a year . So , like , whatever , right ? What 's Miley up to ? It 's tempting to excuse sky-high exec pay as either necessary  to attract top "  talent " and because these inequality-era celebs are thought to increase the value of the companies where they exercise said talents  or inconsequential . The Swiss vote , for example , does nothing to increase average worker pay . It aims solely to clip cash from the very top of the economic ladder . But the pay ratio does matter , for a couple of common-sense reasons . One is that democracy starts to unravel if a few people become wildly , ethereally successful , while the rest of a country struggles . That was the best argument I heard on a recent phone call with Cedric Wermuth , a Swiss politician who has been one of the earliest proponents of the 1:12 initiative . Wermuth is not arguing for the enforced pay ratio on practical or economic grounds . His is a moral position -- that it is fundamentally unfair for the pay gap to be so wide , and that it allows a few uber-rich people to wield undo influence over society , economics and politics . "  There is a certain threat to democracy , " he told me . RELATED : Is income inequality ` morally wrong ' ? Wermuth does n't expect the 1:12 initiative to pass , but it does have about 35 % to 40 % support in recent polls , he told me , which is fairly staggering , and indicates people are fed up . Another argument against sky-high CEO pay is that it 's unnecessary . Lynn Stout , a distinguished professor of corporate and business law at Cornell Law School , told me CEO pay has been rising for decades and that the Untied States is , in effect , subsidizing the trend with "  unlimited tax deductions " on certain forms of pay . "  I 'm a big fan of capitalism , " she said . "  I love corporations and I love the business world and I think it 's done more for peace and prosperity than people may realize . But there are structural reasons to think that executive pay and CEO pay are out of whack . " A $ 1 million salary worked for American CEOs from the 1930s to 1980s , she said . CEO pay , including options realized that year , jumped about 875 % , to $ 14.1 million , from 1978 to 2012 , according to the Economic Policy Institute . That increase , which is calcuated using 2012 dollars , according to EPI , is "  more than double stock market growth and substantially greater than the painfully slow 5.4 % growth in a typical worker 's compensation over the same period . " A 5 % increase at the bottom versus 875 % at the top . That 's the same , right ? "  What we 've got is basically an arms race , " Stout said , "  where the CEOs are competing on pay because they each want to have higher status than the others . " RELATED : Should we vilify the rich ? Finally , all of this is bad business . Peter Drucker , who is recognized as the father of business management , famously said the CEO-to-worker salary ratio should not exceed 20:1 , which is what existed in the United States in 1965 , according to the Economic Policy Institute . Beyond that , managers will see an increase in "  resentment and falling morale , " Drucker once wrote , according to a blog post by The Drucker Institute . That resentment is behind both the Occupy movement and the Swiss vote . So the question to me is not if we should do something about outlandish executive pay , but what , exactly . The 1:12 ratio would be unlikely to gain any traction in the Untied States , said Mark Borges , principal at Compensia , a company that does consulting on executive pay issues . He called the measure , which , according to Wermuth , includes stock options and other non-salary forms of pay , "  potentially draconian " and said most ratios between CEO and worker pay he hears discussed deal with three-digit numbers . Twelve is a shock , I 'll agree , and it 's probably too extreme for the United States . It 's clear , however , that the ways America has been trying to curb executive pay are not working -- perhaps because they 're too convoluted and lack teeth . Shareholders get to vote on executive pay in the United States , for example , but their decisions are n't binding . Loopholes let CEOs dodge taxes on their income . And the Securities and Exchange Commission currently is asking for public comment on a proposal that would require companies to disclose the ratio of their CEO 's pay to the median income of workers .  Tell them what you think of that here  . But , according to some news reports , the metrics are so loosey-goosey it will be difficult to compare one company to another . That 's still just a disclosure . Maybe we need an enforceable ratio . Something simple and real . The best idea I 've heard comes from Stout , the Cornell professor . She has suggested making CEO pay non-deductible when it 's higher than 100 times the minimum wage . I might take it one step further : Perhaps the United States should cap CEO pay at 100 times the minimum wage , combining Stout 's idea with the Swiss proposal . It 's just an idea , and it should be vetted by economists and the public . But , to me , that 's the point . These are concepts that should be on the table in the United States . It 's ridiculous that SEC attempts to make CEO pay ratios transparent are controversial in the business community . The conversation needs to move forward . Limiting CEO pay to 100 times the minimum wage would still allow top execs to be millionaires -- they 'd earn a maximum wage of about $ 1.5 million per year , given the current federal minimum of $ 7.25 an hour , figured for a 40-hour work week . And here 's the best part : If the fat cats wanted a pay increase , maybe the best way for them to get it would be to throw political weight behind a campaign to boost the minimum wage . That 's a reform simple enough to make a difference .	Switzerland will vote on a 1:12 executive-to-worker pay ratio John Sutter : The U.S. should consider a similar proposal He says such a ratio could curb income inequality and sky-high CEO pay Sutter : Executive pay skyrocketed over decades while worker pay stagnated
London  CNN  -- Stars from one of the world 's great soccer teams will be encouraging reading as part of a new project to put one million digital books in the hands of African children . Spanish football team FC Barcelona -- home to stars Lionel Messi , Xavi , Eric Abidal and Seydou Keita -- joined forces Thursday with the non-profit organization Worldreader in a campaign to inspire a wave of literacy in sub-Saharan Africa through the use of e-readers . Cristiano Ronaldo : I 'm better than Messi Founded by David Risher , a former executive at Microsoft and Amazon , Worldreader works on the premise that e-readers , like Amazon 's Kindle , could help children in developing countries to "  awaken their passion for reading , and improve their lives . " "  Worldreader is committed to putting a digital library in the hands of all children throughout the world 's developing countries , and we 're thrilled with the support of FC Barcelona to send one million e-books to students in Africa , " said Risher , Worldreader 's CEO . ` Harry Potter ' series finally available as e-books The campaign is appealing for one million donors to each make a $ 5 contribution to help them reach their target of distributing one million e-books to 10,000 children in Africa . Because students bring home the devices and typically share their use with family members , friends and neighbors , it is expected the initiative will help put e-books in the hands of 50,000 people . The e-readers will be distributed to children in Ghana , Kenya , and Uganda , where the non-profit is already operating , and soon in Rwanda , which is to become the next focus for the organization . Football giant Barcelona will lend its weight to the campaign , with its stars sending messages via the e-readers to encourage students to read more and achieve their goals . Worldreader believes technology can provide the best approach to encouraging literacy in parts of the developing world where books are otherwise scarce . Unlike traditional books -- which had to be physically imported , one title at a time -- a single e-Reader could provide a child with a vast array of current , relevant titles at a low distribution cost . The increased access to reading material , it was believed , could broaden the way students think and develop their creativity by allowing them to go beyond the syllabus to follow their reading interests . A year-long pilot of the program to 350 students in six schools in Ghana yielded promising results . Reading test scores for primary students participating in the program increased by 4.8 % to 7.6 % more than their peers who were not taking part , although benefits for older students were less clear . The e-readers gave students access to a much greater variety of titles : 107 , on average , as opposed to the between 3 to 11 books the average student had access to at home without the devices . They swiftly learned how to use the e-readers , despite 43 % having never used a computer before . Read also : The Himba , Namibia 's iconic red women "  Worldreader has not only given us unparalleled access to books , the program has motivated my students and instilled a joy for reading that never existed before , " said Jacqueline Abiso Dzifa , a teacher at Presbyterian Primary in Kade , Ghana , whose students participated in the pilot . The students relished their access to "  a wide variety of classic and cutting-edge literature by renowned authors , " she said . As e-readers provided a pathway into the digital world , many students also used them to read international news sites that would have been inaccessible previously . Just one of the collateral benefits to the program was that students gained greater exposure to African writers , said Worldreader managing director and co-founder Colin McElwee . The program was working with African publishing houses to digitize their titles and provide students with local , relevant content -- which had positive impacts on local literary cultures . "  We want to digitize the curriculum , there 's a whole catalog of books you can digitize , " he said . "  Once you digitize them , you ca n't just sell them in Ghana or Kenya -- you have a global market . So this is the first time African culture can be exported seamlessly , globally . That has an enormous impact on the potential of Africa over time . "	Football giant FC Barcelona is supporting a project to distribute 1 million e-books in Africa The project will see e-readers given to children in Ghana , Kenya , Uganda and Rwanda It is believed the devices encourage literacy by providing students access to more titles Younger students in an e-reader pilot project in Ghana performed better in reading tests
CNN  The videos taken by citizens of Paris during Wednesday 's attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo indicate significant training on the part of terrorists . Here are some things any military professional would observe : • The uniform : All the attackers are uniform in appearance . All have vests capable of holding multiple magazines of ammunition for their weapons , and perhaps grenades . Additionally , they are all wearing what appear to be heavy coats . That could indicate either body armor or possibly suicide vests underneath to be detonated if captured . Some experts are suggesting "  they came to kill , not to die , " but those of us with experience in these kinds of encounters might suggest they came to kill until they are trapped -- then they will willingly die if they can kill more by detonating a suicide vest as a last resort . • Use of weapons : The terrorists were wielding AK-47s , according to police spokesman Xavier Castaing , but at least one of them also appeared to have a military 3-point sling attached to the weapon  the white strap going over the shoulder  . These slings are used in close-in attacks . The driver does not appear to have this strap , which allows for freedom in the car . The attackers appear to be good marksmen , as evidenced by the tight shot of a group of bullets that riddled the windshield of a French police car , shown in several photographs at the scene . Additionally , the attackers have their weapons on semi-automatic  single shot  versus full automatic . Many terrorists use what U.S. soldiers derisively call the "  pray and spray " method . That is , they point their weapons on full automatic , scream a religious slogan and let loose with a stream of bullets -- most of which do n't hit the targets . These terrorists appear well-trained , with aimed fire , single shots and controlled targeting . • Fire and maneuver : These terrorists appear to have been trained in movement techniques : They use cover  parked automobiles , or an open car door  and aim fire while their terrorist "  buddy " maneuvers to a new firing location . At that point , the moving terrorist aims and fires , while the previously covering terrorist moves to join him . • Reconnaissance : The attack occurred at noon in busy Paris , yet there was no traffic on the side streets where the citizens ' filming took place . Additionally , initial reports indicate that an editors ' meeting was occurring at that time , with all the subjects in one room . That indicates there was intelligence , route planning and then individual requirements for the members of the terrorist team . • Speed : They moved fast , knew where they are going , did their job , and then they were gone . Again , that 's indicative of rehearsals but also single-mindedness of mission . • Selection of target : This was a follow-on attack . The offices of Charlie Hebdo had been previously firebombed , but that attack was not successful . Much like the initial World Trade Center bombing in 1993 that was followed by the 2001 attack , these terrorists were again going after the same target . Usually , terrorists film their attacks for future information operations and social media use . They may have had terrorist videographers in specific locations for that purpose during this attack as well . Those videos may appear in the future , but until then French citizens posting YouTube videos contribute to the terrorists ' information campaign . In the next few hours and days , other countries of Europe -- especially Germany and Italy -- will be interested in sharing information from this attack , as they face similar threats from Muslim extremists . France , the European Union and Interpol will share information , and given the ability of the terrorists to move freely through Europe , this passing of information will be critical . The passport-free Schengen Area allows for movement through 26 countries in Europe on the motorways and autobahns , so while initially this is an attack on France , these terrorists are a threat to all of Europe .	Videos show speed , preparation by terrorists in Paris attack , Mark Hertling says Attack 's timing indicates intelligence and route planning on part of terror team , Hertling says Hertling calls it a follow-on attack after earlier firebombing on Charlie Hebdo failed
One man died and dozens more were injured Friday as Israeli forces and Palestinian demonstrators clashed in Gaza and the West Bank during protests to mark Land Day , Palestinian medical sources said . Protesters hurled rocks as Israeli forces fired rubber bullets , stun grenades and tear gas at the Qalandia checkpoint , separating the West Bank from Jerusalem . Seventeen Palestinians were injured during the protest , said the head of the Ramallah medical complex , Dr. Ahmad Bitawi . He said they had suffered moderate injuries from tear gas and rubber bullets . In Gaza , one man died of his injuries , and 37 people were hurt , two of them critically , in incidents around Beit Hanoun and Khan Yunis , medical sources said . Palestinians hold Land Day rallies every year to commemorate the deaths of six demonstrators in 1976 . The rallies have become an annual expression of what Palestinians consider discriminatory Israeli policies . This year , Land Day organizers have called for protests inside Israel , in the Palestinian territories , and in neighboring Egypt , Lebanon and Jordan . Rallying under the slogan of a global march to Jerusalem , protest organizers have called for "  freedom for Jerusalem and its people . " Israeli forces were placed on high alert as Palestinians and Arabs gathered to observe the day . The Qalandia checkpoint was among the chief flashpoints Friday . Mustafa Barghouti , an independent Palestinian lawmaker , said he was hit in the head and back by tear gas canisters as he and a group of peaceful protesters were making their way to the checkpoint . He is now at a hospital in Ramallah , he said . An Israeli military spokeswoman , Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich , disputed that account , saying the Israel Defense Forces ' information indicated that he was hit by another Palestinian in the Qalandia refugee camp as he sought to "  convince people to riot . " Israeli military forces sprayed foul-smelling liquid and played ear-piercing sirens as crowd-control measures . Outbreaks of violence were reported elsewhere in the West Bank and Gaza . Medical sources in Gaza said a number of Palestinians were wounded at the Erez crossing near the town of Beit Hanoun as a result of Israeli fire , most in their lower bodies . An Israel Defense Forces spokesman said troops fired at the legs of demonstrators who approached the fence and burned tires . Protesters were also injured by Israeli fire in a demonstration near the town of Khan Yunis , in southern Gaza , when they attempted to cross the security fence , Palestinian medical sources said . An Israeli security official said demonstrators had continued to approach the fence despite being told to move back . Warning shots were fired , followed by live fire when this was ignored , the official said , and one man was shot in the feet . A Palestinian protester was hit in the head by a tear gas projectile in Bethlehem and was evacuated to Hebron hospital in the West Bank in critical condition , popular committee coordinator Mahmoud Zawahreh said . Zawahreh said hundreds of Palestinians and international activists had marched toward the Bethlehem checkpoint , trying to walk to Jerusalem peacefully , when they were hit with tear gas , rubber bullets and stun grenades from Israeli forces . The violence flared when Palestinian youths broke from the Palestinian Authority barricades , reached the crossing that separates Bethlehem from Jerusalem and threw stones , Zawahreh said . Earlier , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces said 300 demonstrators were hurling stones and Molotov cocktails at Israeli forces in Bethlehem , without an Israeli response . Jerusalem police spokesman Shmulik Ben Rubi said several men were arrested at the Damascus Gate in the Old City for throwing stones at police . The director of the Palestinian Prisoner Association Club in Jerusalem , Naser Quos , said in a statement that 14 Palestinians , including two children , were arrested by Israeli security forces in East Jerusalem . In preparation for the Land Day protests , Israel announced a 24-hour closure of the West Bank and imposed restrictions on Friday prayers at Jerusalem 's Al Aqsa mosque , barring men under age 40 from entering the site . Thousands of police officers are deployed across the country with an emphasis on the north of Israel and Jerusalem , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . While protest organizers said they would be peaceful , Israeli officials expressed concern that anti-Israel extremists could hijack the rallies . Israel 's police chief , Yohanan Danino , urged leaders of the Arab community to ensure that extremists did not commit provocations . "  We are coordinating the marches that are to take place throughout the day with the heads of the community and hope that things will be quiet without any sporadic incidents , " Rosenfeld said . Israeli military chief of staff Lt. Gen Benny Gantz held special security assessments Friday with regional deputies along Israel 's borders in preparation for the events . The Israeli army said it would do whatever it took to protect its borders and residents . Demonstrations marking the anniversary of the Jewish state 's creation turned deadly last year when clashes between pro-Palestinian activists and Israeli forces left several dead . The clashes occurred on the Israeli-Lebanese border and the frontier line separating the Golan Heights from Syria . In southern Lebanon , about 1,000 protesters , most of them Palestinian , gathered by the Crusader-built Beaufort Castle on Friday to mark Land Day . Lebanese flags flew from flagpoles , with one big Hezbollah flag above them all . "  The Arabs have finally woken , and now things will change even there , " Muhamed Yusif Abu Shaikh , 67 , said outside Sidon as he pointed south , to the border . Sabri Saidam , an adviser to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , said Land Day for the Palestinians "  is a day of mourning and a day of anger representing their eagerness to see the liberation of their land . " Palestinians are demonstrating for their children 's right to live in a prosperous , independent Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital , he said . Land Day "  is also a call for the international community to recognize the rights of the Palestinians that have long been confiscated by Israel and the need for the implementation of U.N. resolutions , otherwise the cycle of protest against the occupation will continue . " Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said Land Day celebrates a right to freedom . "  The freedom defenders who will partake in these peaceful demonstrations and rallies around the world are marching for dignity toward Jerusalem . Together with them , Palestinians will continue their certain path toward national independence , " he said .	Advocate says 14 Palestinians , including 2 children , arrested in East Jerusalem One protester dies and at least 37 are injured in Gaza , Palestinian medical sources say 17 Palestinians were hurt during protests in Qalandia , a senior doctor says The protests are an expression of what Palestinians consider discriminatory Israeli policies
CNN  -- And so au revoir , Normandy . The seventh FEI World Equestrian Games proved the biggest and best yet as records tumbled , crowds soared and the excitement never seemed to end . The picturesque French coastline welcomed almost 570,000 spectators to the Games as a record 12 nations took part in a competition which was beamed to 200 territories across the globe . But which were the highlights to savor ? Here , CNN looks back over five of the most memorable moments from the past fortnight . Dujardin delight There is not a hotter rider in the world of dressage at the moment . Charlotte Dujardin is a serial winner and she underlined that with two individual gold medals and a team silver in Normandy . Dujardin is Britain 's most successful dressage rider in history and holds the Olympic , world and European titles . She also owns all three world record scores in freestyle and set tests , so it was little surprise that she grabbed victory in Caen . On her beloved Valegro , she won the individual grand prix and freestyle events as she showed why she 's the undisputed No. 1 once again . Dubbeldam 's double Jeroen Dubbeldam 's biggest career highlight might still be his jumping gold medal at the Olympic Games in Sydney 14 years ago but he turned on the style to steal the show in Normandy . The Dutchman won titles after triumphing in both the team and individual events , becoming the first rider from the Netherlands to achieve such a feat . In the final , each of the four riders take their own horse around the course before repeating the run on each of their rivals ' mounts . After going clear on Zenith SFN , Dubbledam held his nerve to complete three more flawless rounds and edge out Frenchman Patrice Delaveau . "  With all three horses I had a fantastic feeling , totally different but all felt they wanted to jump the fences clear , " he told reporters . "  Three minutes is n't long enough to change any horse , so what I did was try to find their strongest points and then bring those forward . "  Luckily I found the strong points of all three horses and they gave me wonderful clear rounds . " Vaulting victory Great Britain 's golden girl Joanne Eccles produced an electrifying performance to secure a second successive world vaulting title . The 25-year-old dentist , who hails from Kinross in Scotland , won gold in Kentucky four years ago but was even more impressive this time around after performing with her family 's 20-year-old horse W.H. Bentley . A series of acrobatics and handstands wowed the judges following a four-day competition . "  It 's an amazing feeling . We 've been working hard this year but we wanted to come here and have a good time , " Eccles told the BBC . "  We had nothing to prove . We wanted to show off what we could do . " In the men 's competition , European titleholder Jacques Ferrari upstaged defending champion Nicolas Andreani as France won its first medals of the fortnight . "  This is a sign that I have reached the limit and the pinnacle of my career so I do n't know what will follow after this , " Ferrari said . The host nation then won a team medal in the discipline for the first time , behind champion Germany and Switzerland . Fabulous Flarida Shawn Flarida , reining 's only rider to break the $ 5 million milestone , enjoyed another golden Games after winning another two world titles in Normandy . The U.S. star followed up team gold by sealing top spot in the individual competition . Riding seven-year-old Spooks Got ta Whiz , Flarida denied Andrea Fappani in the final run -- while their U.S. teammate Mandy McCutcheon became the first woman to win an individual medal with bronze . Two golds at the 2002 Games in Jerez and another team gold in Kentucky four years ago , means Flarida will go down in history as one of the finest riders in Games history . The 45-year-old celebrated by giving his medal to son Sam . "  He 's a real horse enthusiast and he told me we 'd have to work hard for this tonight , so I thought it would be fitting if I handed it to him , " Flarida told reporters . Exell excels It may look like a scene out of a movie but there was no twist in the plot in the final of the driving competition . Boyd Exell clinched a third consecutive world title after recording an astonishing clear round much to the delight of the watching fans . The UK-based Australian beat second-placed American Chester Weber and European champion Theo Timmerman of the Netherlands to secure gold . "  It was a huge relief , " Exell told reporters . "  We had a good show throughout the weekend , but not a perfect show . The cones went really well for me although the arena was moving a lot . "  I knew Chester would have a clear round because he has been driving clear rounds all season . He has the best cones team . "  It is great to be the world champion again and I would like to thank my entire team for their great support . " What do you think ? So , those are our thoughts on the FEI World Equestrian Games but what do you think ? You can tweet us @worldsportcnn and visit our Facebook page to give us your views on a wonderful fortnight of action . The Games return in four years ' time in Bromont and Montreal , Canada -- see you there ?	The FEI Games took place in Normandy , France Around 570,000 people visited the Games Double delight for Dujardin Dubbeldam does the business
When the guests around your Thanksgiving table are busy stuffing their bellies today , here 's one way to break the lull in conversation : dazzle them with some tasty turkey trivia . Here 's 9 to get you started . We bet you they 'll eat them up ! 1 . A tradition is born : TV dinners have Thanksgiving to thank . In 1953 , someone at Swanson misjudged the number of frozen turkeys it would sell that Thanksgiving -- by 26 TONS ! Some industrious soul came up with a brilliant plan : Why not slice up the meat and repackage with some trimmings on the side?Thus , the first TV dinner was born ! 2 . Going shopping ? : Not if you 're a plumber . Black Friday is the busiest day of the year for them , according to Roto-Rooter , the nation 's largest plumbing service . After all , someone has to clean up after household guests who "  overwhelm the system . " 3 . This land is my land : There are four places in the United States named Turkey . Louisiana 's Turkey Creek is the most populous , with a whopping 435 residents . There 's also Turkey , Texas ; Turkey , North Carolina ; and Turkey Creek , Arizona . Oh , let 's not forget the two townships in Pennsylvania : the creatively named Upper Turkeyfoot and Lower Turkeyfoot ! 4 . Leaving a legacy : When Abe Lincoln declared Thanksgiving a national holiday , it was thanks to the tireless efforts of a magazine editor named Sarah Josepha Hale . Her other claim to fame ? She also wrote the nursery rhyme , "  Mary Had a Little Lamb . " 5 . Gobble , gobble ? : Not so fast . Only male turkeys , called toms , gobble . Females , called hens , cackle . 6 . Ben 's bird : If Ben Franklin had his way , the turkey would be our national bird . An eagle , he wrote in a letter to his daughter , had "  bad moral character . " A turkey , on the other hand , was a "  much more respectable bird . " 7 . Born in the U.S.A. : Thanksgiving is not just an American holiday . Canadians celebrate it too . Except they do it the second Monday in October . 8 . Do n't blame the bird : You stuffed yourself , and now you 're feeling sleepy , very sleepy . But it ai n't the tryptophan in the turkey . In fact , chickens have more tryptophan . You 're groggy because you overate . And digesting all that grub takes a lot of energy . 9 . Talking turkey : Why is it called a turkey ? Oh boy , this will take some explainin ' . Back in the day , the Europeans took a liking to the guinea fowls imported to the continent . Since the birds were imported by Turkish merchants , the English called them turkeys . Later , when the Spaniards came to America , they found a bird that tasted like those guinea fowls . When they were sent to Europe , the English called these birds "  turkeys " as well .	Black Friday is the busiest day for plumbers Ben Franklin wanted the turkey as our national bird Tryptophan is n't the reason you 're sleepy
Rome  CNN  -- Italian Supreme Court judges have heard the arguments , now they must decide whether to order American Amanda Knox to stand trial for a second time in the death of her former roommate . The judges concluded a hearing into the question early Monday afternoon , and were expected to announce their decision soon . Knox spent four years in jail before an appellate court overturned her murder conviction in the 2007 death of Meredith Kercher . She returned to the United States in 2011 . Prosecutors say that despite the appellate decision , they still believe Knox and her former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , are responsible for the death . "  We are still convinced that they are the co-authors of Meredith 's homicide , " Italian news agency ANSA quoted Perugia , Italy , prosecutor Giovanni Galati as saying . Knox , who is not in Italy for the hearing , is confident in the Italian legal system and hopes one day to return to Italy as a free woman , her lawyer , Luciano Ghirga , said Monday . If the acquittal is overturned , the case will go back to an appellate court and Knox might have to return to Italy . If she refuses , the Italian government could appeal to the U.S. government for her extradition . But even if it does , Knox still not might end up before an Italian court . U.S. officials might reject such a request because it violates the U.S. legal principle that a criminal defendant ca n't be tried twice on the same allegation , said Joey Jackson , a contributor for HLN 's "  In Session . " Italy lacks the absolute prohibition present in U.S. law preventing authorities from retrying a criminal defendant who has been acquitted of a charge . "  We have principles that are well-founded within our Constitution , one of which is double jeopardy , " he said . "  So as a result of that , I think it would be highly objectionable for the United States to surrender someone to another country for which justice has already been administered and meted out . So I do n't think or anticipate that that would happen . " 2011 : Amanda Knox judge explains murder acquittal The case began in 2007 , after Knox moved to Perugia to study at the University for Foreigners of Perugia for one year Knox , then 20 , shared a room with British student Kercher , 21 . That November , Kercher 's semi-naked body was found at the home , with her throat slashed . Police arrested Knox and Sollecito , who was her boyfriend at the time . 2011 : Was Italy fair to Amanda Knox ? Two years later they were convicted of murder , but were cleared when they appealed the verdicts in 2011 . Another man , Ivorian drifter Rudy Guede , was convicted separately of Kercher 's killing . Guede admitted having sexual relations with Kercher but denied killing her . In legal paperwork published in December 2011 , the judge in the case wrote that the jury had cleared the pair of murder for lack of evidence proving they were guilty . Knox 's family said last year the appeal was unwelcome , but no cause for concern . "  The appeal of Amanda 's acquittal by the prosecution was not unexpected as they had indicated from the day of the verdict that they would appeal , " a family statement in February 2012 said . 2011 : Knox makes emotional return to Seattle Knox has spent the last year and a half trying to resume a normal life , studying at the University of Washington in Seattle , her hometown . She has written a book on her ordeal , titled "  Waiting to be Heard , " which will be published next month . Francesco Sollecito , father of Raffaele , told CNN in a phone interview last year that the family was "  not happy about the decision  to appeal  . My son is trying to get back to normal life . " "  We can do very little in this situation , " he said , but as Italian citizens , they would have to accept the court 's decision . "  We hope that the high court will finally put the words ` the end ' to this story . " Bed Wedeman reported from Rome ; Ed Payne reported and wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Michael Pearson also contributed to this report .	A decision on retrying Amanda Knox is expected soon HLN analyst : Even if the Italian court orders a retrial , the U.S. could refuse to extradite Knox Knox and Raffaele Sollecito were cleared of murdering a British student Sollecito 's father says his son has been trying to rebuild a normal life
CNN  -- Hollywood executives love a movie franchise : a series of films with an in-built audience who return time and again to enjoy their favorite characters , stories and themes . Such box-office gold is usually based on pre-existing properties , for example comics  "  Iron Man " et al  , novels  "  The Hunger Games "  -- even theme-park rides  "  Pirates of The Caribbean "  . But the strong interest that followed the death of actor Paul Walker last weekend has been boosted by his crucial role in an unlikely franchise whose appeal has built steadily during the past decade , especially outside the United States . The six "  Fast & Furious " films have spawned a globe-trotting , block-busting series , generating $ 2.4 billion in ticket sales alone since the turn of the century . Back then few predicted that a mid-budget actioner with little-known actors set in the hi-octane world of LA street-racing would still be going strong 12 years later . How did it happen ? Released in June 2001 , "  The Fast And The Furious " was a testosterone-fuelled boys-with-toys movie set around a cat-and-mouse game between an undercover cop  Walker  and his prey  Vin Diesel  . "  I remember being in Honolulu when Mark Shmuger  former co-chairman of Universal Pictures  called to say they 'd just had the most amazing test screening of a film we 'd never heard of , called ` The Fast And The Furious , ' recalls Andrew Cripps , former president and COO of UIP , the distribution joint-venture between Universal and Paramount which released the first three films internationally . "  It seemed pretty domestic at the time , " continues Cripps , now president EMEA for IMAX . "  It was about L.A. street-racing , it had a relatively unknown cast , but there was a chemistry there between the lead characters and it really worked with young audiences around the world . I was pleasantly surprised by the international box office of the first film . " "  The Fast And The Furious " raced to an impressive $ 145 million in the U.S. during the lucrative and crowded summer season . An international release was delayed till fall to market the film as a fresh success that had swept the U.S. while also ensuring it avoided competition from bigger rivals . International grosses were low compared to domestic -- but they were strong for a $ 38 million movie skewed to an American audience . But the chemistry between Walker and Diesel that engaged audiences was missing from the next two sequels . For the second installment , 2003 's "  2 Fast 2 Furious , " Diesel was absent  focusing on two potential franchises that positioned him as the clear star  although Walker remained front and center . While U.S. box office was down on its predecessor , international grosses jumped 75 % : a domestic franchise clearly had global appeal . As before , the UK , France , Germany and Australia proved powerful markets , while Mexico saw sales more than double , mirroring the series popularity with Hispanic audiences in the U.S. Universal sat up and took note , setting the third film -- which starred neither Walker nor Diesel -- in Tokyo . At the time it made sense : Japan has its own street-racing scene and in 2006 was the biggest international market . It was also a territory the franchise had yet to crack . "  The Fast and The Furious : Tokyo Drift " worked for the Japanese market , boosting box office by 28 % from the previous film . But while Japan grew , other major markets shrank and North American box office halved . Without Walker or Diesel the franchise had lost its spark and seemingly run its course . By 2009 , with the careers of the original cast floundering , Diesel -- now a producer -- helped orchestrate the return of all four key players from the original cast for "  Fast & Furious . " International success had to be the focus if the franchise was to be revived : domestic success was no longer a guarantor of franchise longevity . Nervous executives were still unsure the package would work and skipped a release into the overheated summer market , targeting instead an Easter rollout and building on the success of the first feature  the film 's tagline was "  New Model . Original Parts . "  . It worked and audiences returned , with fresh growth in all the franchise 's previous key markets and new support in Russia , a traditional haven for action movies . "  The relationship between Paul Walker and Vin Diesel 's characters was at the heart of the franchise , " explains box office analyst Charles Gant of The Guardian . "  So as soon as it brought those two guys back together they were on a money train . " That chemistry and rivalry between Walker and Diesel needed to be maintained . How ? By turning the movies from street-racing series into a globe-trotting action franchise rooted in frenetic auto action . Thus 2011 's "  Fast Five " became a heist caper set in Brazil with Walker and Diesel working together instead of in opposition : global appeal broadened still further by bringing back multi-national characters from across the franchise . But with Walker and Diesel both on the wrong side of the law the series now needed a new opponent . Enter former wrestler and human mountain Dwayne Johnson aka "  The Rock . " "  We initially designed the role for Tommy Lee Jones , " Diesel explained in an April 2011 interview . "  One of my fans on Facebook said I would love to see you and The Rock in anything together . It really was the best choice in the world . " "  Fast Five " became a major international player and from its late April release it landed a knockout blow on superhero slugfest "  Thor " across several territories . It was also the first of the franchise to venture into the high-ticket giant-screens owned by IMAX , its bangs and ballistics sitting well with the format 's male-heavy audience . By the time the UK-set "  Fast & Furious 6 " opened in May 2013 , expectations were heady : the first film had been a domestic-weighted surprise ; the second a solid sequel ; the third a flop ; the fourth an all-or-nothing reboot ; the fifth a take-a-chance change of direction . The sixth was primed to be a guaranteed blockbuster . It did n't disappoint . Grossing $ 550 million at the international box office alone , "  Fast & Furious 6 " has become the third highest grossing film of the year worldwide behind "  Iron Man 3 " and "  Despicable Me 2 . " Seventy percent of its $ 788m gross has come from overseas : as with its predecessor , China was the top grossing market  $ 66m  . Such heady figures were vital to sustain a movie series whose production costs had ballooned from $ 38m in 2001 to $ 160m in 2013 . But Walker 's death has now left the future of the franchise in question : Universal announced this week that production has shut down on the seventh instalment "  so we can assess all options available to move forward with the franchise , " which was due to release on July 11 2014 . Many of the cast are already signed up for an eighth episode . "  The latest was the biggest yet and the series looked set to grow and grow , " says Gant . "  The franchise is giddy and fun and I think it will be a real challenge for them to continue in the wake of Paul Walker 's death and the manner in which it occurred . " Nick Hunt contributed to this report .	"  Fast and The Furious " movie franchise has taken more than $ 2 billion worldwide through ticket sales The future of the series is now being considered following the death of star Paul Walker More than 60 % of its box office has come from international , boosted by China in recent years The series floundered for several years when its two leads were absent
CNN  -- The 1964-model Cadillac hearse that carried President John F. Kennedy 's body and casket after his assassination is to be auctioned Saturday in Scottsdale , Arizona , the auctioneer 's representatives said . Following his 1963 assassination in Dallas , the white hearse carried Kennedy 's body from Parkland Memorial Hospital to Love Field , where Air Force One was waiting to transport the casket to Washington . First lady Jacqueline Kennedy was a passenger in the car during the ride , auctioneer Barrett-Jackson Auction Company said . The car , which has a green-and-white interior , was built for display as a new model year introduction at the National Funeral Home Directors Association Convention in Dallas in October 1963 . The O'Neal Funeral Home in Dallas bought it at the close of the convention . The car is listed as having eight cylinders and a four-speed automatic transmission . Kennedy was slain on November 22 , 1963 . The funeral home had the contract with Parkland for both the hearse and ambulance service , and it provided the casket and hearse for the drive from the hospital , where Kennedy was pronounced dead , the auction house said . The O'Neal Funeral Home owned the hearse until the late 1960s when Arrdeen Vaughan , believed to be an employee , bought it . Vaughan sold it more than four decades later to its current and third owner , whose name was n't disclosed . The hearse driver who transported Kennedy 's casket , Aubrey Rike , died in 2010 , the auction firm said . "  It 's an honor to be able to offer a vehicle of this stature , " Barrett-Jackson Auction Company Chairman and CEO Craig Jackson said in a statement . "  While its duty was solemn , it was also extremely important and played a crucial role in transporting the president so he could be laid to rest . " "  The eyes of the world were on this car on that unforgettable day in American history , " Steve Davis , president of Barrett-Jackson , said in a statement .	The 1964-model Cadillac hearse transported Kennedy 's casket after his assassination First lady Jacqueline Kennedy was a passenger in the car The car was built for display at a funeral home convention in Dallas in October 1963 Kennedy was fatally shot in November 1963
Members of Congress traveled to two Veterans Administration hospitals featured in a CNN report to visit the facilities and demand answers about why U.S. veterans needlessly died there . The congressional delegations led by Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller , R-Florida , visited the Dorn Veterans Administration Medical Center in Columbia , South Carolina , and the Charlie Norwood Medical Facility in Augusta , Georgia , after a CNN investigation that reported patients died as a result of delayed or denied care . Six deaths have been confirmed so far , and sources tell CNN the number of veterans who are dead or dying of cancer because they had to wait too long for diagnosis or treatment could be more than 20 . Thousands of veterans were forced to wait months for simple screening tests like colonoscopies , and by the time they got diagnosed , it was too late . Hospital delays are killing America 's war veterans The wait lists for gastrointestinal appointments at the hospitals number in the thousands and go back as far as 2010 . Both hospitals say the wait list issues have been resolved , but according to the visiting members of Congress , the VA still can not explain why or who was responsible for the poor treatment of veterans . Rep. John Barrow , a Georgia Democrat whose district includes the Charlie Norwood VA center , said Congress has "  a duty to make sure that the veterans who serve get the best health care possible . And it is very obvious that for too long and for too many folks that has n't happened . " Citing a lack of any disciplinary action and lack of ability to identify who at the VA caused the backlogs to exist , Barrow told reporters , "  Our goal here today is to try to get to the bottom of what happened and to prevent this from ever happening again . What 's important  is for  folks to understand this is just one step of a multistage affair to get to the bottom of what happened and to hold accountable those who were responsible . " The Veterans Affairs Committee has been looking into problems at VA medical centers for the past year and says the VA administration continues to stonewall and withhold information the congressmen believe is critical to understanding why the VA appears to be run so poorly . The VA has also refused CNN 's repeated requests to interview Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki or any other VA official on camera . VA hospital apologizes for deaths Miller said the practice at the VA seems to be to hold no one accountable for errors , and instead transfer poorly performing executives and employees to other facilities instead of firing them . In an interview with CNN , Miller said he and his committee will continue to demand to know the names of those responsible and to demand disciplinary action . "  That 's why we asked the question again today ... tell us exactly who was disciplined and how . " Miller said , "  I do n't want to hear the excuse anymore that it was , ` well , it was multifaceted , there were many people involved . ' ... Well , if there were many people involved , then they all need to go . " Miller , who said he has been reluctant to make his investigations political , did say it is time the White House starts paying attention to the deteriorating treatment of the nation 's veterans . He said he has been frustrated by a lack of cooperation from the Veterans Administration leadership , and that Shinseki has not paid enough attention to the medical problems at VA medical centers . Miller also said it is time President Obama pay as much attention to what is happening at VA medical centers as he does to what 's happening in Washington or Hawaii , a reference to the president 's recent vacation to his home state . "  It 's time for him  Shinseki  to show some passion . And certainly it 's time to show some passion from the President . I mean , the fact that we 've had veterans who have died in the very facilities that are supposed to be taking care of them , and not by natural means , by means that could have been prevented , is egregious . " The congressman said his group has given the VA 30 days to respond to their requests for those answers .	Veterans Affairs Committee members visit VA facilities in Georgia , South Carolina CNN reported patients died as a result of delayed or denied care Committee says VA continues to stonewall and withhold information
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- German investigators Thursday acknowledged "  credible information " indicating that one of the world 's most wanted Nazi war criminals died almost 20 years ago in Egypt . The former the hotel in Cairo where Heim spent his final days . The announcement from the Baden-Wuerttemberg State Criminal Investigations Office came a day after German public broadcaster ZDF reported similar findings about Aribert Heim , wanted since 1962 . ZDF said research it conducted with the New York Times showed that Heim died in Cairo in 1992 of intestinal cancer . Witness accounts and documents , including a passport , prove that Heim lived under the false name of Tarek Farid Hussein , ZDF said . CNN spoke to Heim 's son , Ruediger Heim , who said his father fled Germany to Egypt via France , Spain and Morocco . Ruediger Heim told CNN he visited his father in Cairo several times , including in the final weeks of his life when the terminal cancer was discovered . The German investigators said they were was checking the new information . "  This information has not yet been verified due to time constraints , " the office said in a statement . But German authorities said they already had hints that Heim was living and working in Egypt . The office said it received information in 1965 and 1967 indicating Heim was working in the country , but Egyptian authorities at the time , acting on a German request , did not find any conclusive evidence . "  Our main goal now is , in cooperation with the Egyptian authorities ,  to  identify the remains of Aribert Heim , " the office said . The chief Nazi hunter at the Simon Wiesenthal Center , Efraim Zuroff , said the news about Heim 's death , if true , is deeply disappointing . "  I personally feel a tremendous sense of disappointment that he escaped justice , " Zuroff told CNN . But he emphasized that he had not seen the evidence that Heim was dead . "  There is no body and no grave , so we ca n't do a DNA test , " he said , adding that "  there are people who have a vested interest in convincing us that he is no longer alive . " He said he expects to see the documentary evidence of Heim 's death on Thursday . Heim would be 94 years old if he were still alive . Zuroff described Heim as "  the most wanted Nazi war criminal , " and said the Simon Wiesenthal Center was about to raise the reward for information about him from $ 315,000  $ 405,000  to $ 1 million  $ 1.3 million  when it heard the reports of his death . During World War II Heim was a doctor at the Mauthausen concentration camp , where he was known to inmates as "  Dr. Death " for performing often-fatal experiments on prisoners . After the war , he was initially cleared of wrongdoing , but in 1962 German authorities issued an arrest warrant for him . CNN Berlin Bureau Chief Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report	German broadcaster reports Nazi hiding in Egypt died in 1992 Aribert Heim known to inmates as "  Dr. Death " performed experiments on prisoners ZDF reports he lived lived in Cairo as Tarek Farid Hussein ; died of cancer Nazi hunter groups says it expects to see documentary evidence Thursday
