CNN  -- Serena Williams gave an awesome demonstration of power tennis to demolish Maria Sharapova 6-0 6-1 in the Olympic women 's singles final at Wimbledon Saturday . The 30-year-old American was backing up her Wimbledon triumph last month on the same grass courts and never allowed her Russian opponent the chance to settle . Victory came after just 63 minutes and fittingly with yet another thunderous ace to complete a one-sided match . Williams has joined Steffi Graf as the only players in tennis history to win all four grand slam titles and the Olympic singles title , the so-called Golden Slam . Having won the Olympic doubles twice with sister Venus , she is also the first woman to achieve that triple feat . Williams believes it ranks among her greatest achievements . "  This one is so high up there , being Olympic gold champion , being Golden Slam champion singles and doubles , that 's pretty awesome , " she told gathered reporters . Three aces in her opening service game set the course of the match and she immediately broke French Open champion Sharapova in the next game . Almost total domination followed and it was not until the ninth game of the match that Sharapova got on the scoreboard . She threatened on Williams ' next service game , but the 14-time grand slam champion won it to lead 4-1 before breaking Sharapova yet again . World number four Williams has beaten Sharapova , current world number one Victoria Azarenka and two other former world number ones in Caroline Wozniacki and Jelena Jankovic on her way to the title , dropping only 17 games in six matches . After losing to Virginie Razzano in the first round of the French Open , doubters were writing off Williams , but she has responded in emphatic style with her fifth Wimbledon crown and now more Olympic glory . Azarenka beat Maria Kirilenko of Russia 6-3 6-4 in the battle for bronze . The American gold rush at SW19 continued Saturday as brothers Bob and Mike Bryan won their first Olympic title with a 6-4 7-6 victory over French second seeds Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Michael Llodra in the men 's doubles final . The Bryan brothers had taken the bronze medal in the men 's doubles in Beijing four years ago , but made no mistake this time .	Serena Williams wins women 's singles title at London Olympics Williams thrashes Maria Sharapova 6-0 6-1 in final at Wimbledon Williams completes Golden Slam of foru grand slams and Olympic singles gold Bryan brothers take men 's doubles gold for the United States
CNN  A woman who claims she was injured in the Boston Marathon bombing has been charged with stealing money from funds set up for the victims . Joanna Leigh claims the indictment is retribution for her vocal criticism of the way One Fund Boston disbursed the funds . Authorities say Leigh , 41 , collected almost $ 40,000 from One Fund and other sources after claiming to have suffered a brain injury during the attack . They say she received $ 8,000 payment from One Fund Boston , which was set up to compensate bombing victims . She 's also accused of receiving $ 1,700 from a school fundraiser , collecting more than $ 9,000 in contributions from an online fundraiser and getting more than $ 18,000 in benefits from the Massachusetts Victims for Violent Crime compensation fund . The indictment says she also accepted free medical treatment . No one is contesting that Leigh was at the marathon on April 15 , 2013 , the day of the attack . But Boston Police and Suffolk County investigators say she was n't hurt . She apparently did not claim any injury or seek any medical treatment until about two weeks later . "  When she did begin to make those claims , she billed herself as a ` hero ' who ran toward the second blast , " authorities said . Leigh says the indictment is payback for her criticism of One Fund . She and others have claimed they were n't properly compensated by the fund because of the way it calculated payments . If someone 's injury did n't require an overnight hospital stay , he or she received $ 8,000 . Those who were hospitalized got $ 125,000 or more . "  I do n't think this is about me ; I think this is because I spoke out about The One Fund , " she told the Boston Globe on Thursday . "  I think this is about killing the messenger . " Leigh will be arraigned Monday . She intends to plead not guilty . The indictment comes as Dzhokar Tsarnaev stands trial for the bombing that killed three and left more than 260 people maimed or injured . CNN 's Sam Stringer contributed to this report	Police say Joanna Leigh was at the Boston Marathon but was not injured by the bombing She is accused of receiving almost $ 40,000 in benefits
It 's too soon to say what steps the United States will take against ISIS in Syria , President Barack Obama said Thursday . "  I do n't want to put the cart before the horse , " Obama told reporters during a White House news briefing . "  We do n't have a strategy yet . " Obama said he 's asked America 's top defense officials to prepare "  a range of options " about what the United States could do to go after ISIS in Syria , which he described as "  a safe haven " for the Sunni extremist group that calls itself the Islamic State . The President 's remarks follow days of speculation about whether the United States had a plan to go after ISIS in Syria . "  We need to make sure that we 've got clear plans , that we 're developing them . At that point , I will consult with Congress and make sure that their voices are heard , " Obama said . "  But there 's no point in me asking for action on the part of Congress before I know exactly what it is that is going to be required for us to get the job done . " Torture allegations The Washington Post on Thursday reported that journalist James Foley , who was decapitated by ISIS , was tortured during his captivity . Specifically , Foley was waterboarded , the newspaper reported , citing unnamed sources familiar with the treatment of abducted Westerners . Waterboarding is a controversial technique that was used by the U.S. in its war of terrorism . Waterboarding is a interrogation technique where water is poured over a cloth covering the subject 's face , creating the sensation of drowning . A senior U.S. official declined to confirm to CNN if the waterboarding claims are true , saying that such details would not be discussed out of sensitivity to the families of those still being held . "  As we have said , hostages held by ISIL are at risk every day they are in ISIL 's custody , given what we know about the nature of this brutal group , " the official said , using an alternate acronym for ISIS . ` We 're not going to do that alone ' But the President made clear any plan to go after ISIS in Syria would take time and require a regional strategy . "  We 're not going to do that alone , " he said . The President said he was sending Secretary of State John Kerry to the region to work on building a coalition needed to face the threat of ISIS militants . "  Clearly , ISIL has come to represent the very worst elements in the region that we have to deal with collectively , and that 's going to require us to stabilize Syria in some fashion , " Obama said . "  And stabilizing Syria means that we 've to got get moderate Sunnis who are able to govern and offer ... a real alternative . " But that may prove to be problematic . Syria 's ally , Russia , has repeatedly blocked attempts by the U.N. Security Council that call on President Bashar al-Assad to step down as part of an effort to end the civil war that has wracked the country for three years . Among the options Obama said he requested from the U.S. military were plans to make sure ISIS does not overrun Iraq . U.S. airstrikes in Iraq are working , he said . "  The terrorists of  ISIS  are losing arms and equipment , " Obama said , and Iraqi and Kurdish forces are making inroads . But "  the idea that the United States or any outside power would perpetually defeat ISIS ... is unrealistic , " Obama said , insisting that a strong , trusted Iraqi government is critical to ousting the Islamist terror group permanently . What can the U.S. do against ISIS , and could it work ? ISIS claims mass execution in Syria ISIS said Thursday that it has executed at least 250 Syrian soldiers at an air base in the northeastern city of Raqqa . The group said on one of its official websites that it killed the soldiers Wednesday . It also claimed to have killed 600 government soldiers in the fight for the Tabqa air base since August 19 . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , meanwhile , reported that 200 Syrian soldiers and 346 ISIS fighters died in the fight for the air base , which was considered the military 's last holdout in eastern Syria . Hundreds more were wounded , the London-based activist group said . ISIS claims that a video it posted online Thursday shows Syrian soldiers being paraded through the desert in their underwear . Another video posted by Syrian activists purportedly shows bodies lined up on the ground . Later , ISIS posted a video that it says shows captured Kurdish soldiers , known as Peshmerga , wearing orange clothing similar to that worn by by American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff in other videos posted by the militant group . Three masked men appear to decapitate one of the orange-clad soldiers in front of a mosque in Mosul . In the video , titled "  A message with blood to the leaders of the America Kurdish alliance , " ISIS demands that the Kurdish government withdraw its forces from areas where it is battling the group . CNN could not independently confirm the claims or the authenticity of the videos . A 13-year-old witness to ISIS ' beheadings , crucifixion in Syria Fighting flares near Mosul Dam The videos come amid reports of fresh fighting between ISIS and Kurdish forces near Iraq 's Mosul Dam and the burning of oil wells near the strategic town of Zummar . The Peshmerga are battling the militants near the town , important because of its location to the main thoroughfare that connects Mosul to the Syrian border , as well as near the Mosul Dam and the strategic Ain Zala oilfield , which ISIS forces seized from the Kurds this month , said Faud Hussein , chief of staff for Kurdish regional President Masoud Barzani . Torching the three oil wells that make up the Ain Zala oilfield is an apparent effort by ISIS fighters to try to interrupt a Peshmerga advance on ISIS positions , Hussein said . The extent of the damage to the oil fields was n't immediately known . The fighting comes nearly two weeks after thousands of Peshmerga and Iraqi commandos ousted ISIS forces for control of the dam , a crucial facility that provides electricity for millions of people in Iraq . Kurdish officials have credited U.S. airstrikes against ISIS with helping Peshmerga forces push back against the extremists , whose breathtaking gains and brutal tactics captured the attention of world leaders . U.S. airstrikes in Syria ?	Report claims James Foley was waterboarded by ISIS captors No point in asking Congress for action without having a plan , Obama says "  We do n't have a strategy yet " to deal with ISIS in Syria , he says Militant group says it executed hundreds of Syrian soldiers
Durban , South Africa  CNN  -- Your phone rings . Someone 's trying to sell you financial services . The person you 're speaking to is likely to be sitting in a massive room with hundreds of other people . And if you 're in an English-speaking country , the chances are they will have an Indian accent . India may be the world leader in call centers but in South Africa the government is hoping to grow its own industry , so the person calling you in the future could be a South African . Amazon and Aegis are among the internationally renowned companies using South African call centers . British company Coracall has also opened a call center in South Africa . The company 's CEO , Philip Lightfoot , says he looked at other international call center destinations , including India and the Philippines , but was lured to Durban . "  The main reason for coming to South Africa was the pool of talent , with regards to the employees we could bring in , " he says . But it was the South African accent that 's proved particularly compelling for his business interests . "  For the UK in particular there has been a stigma around the Indian accent , " he says . "  South Africa , as a destination , because it has such a neutral accent , especially Durbanites have such a neutral accent , means the UK population is receptive to speaking to individual from South Africa , and in particular , Durban . " Read related : African CEOs look to bright future Coracall currently employs 300 people , but it has plans to expand over the next three years . Its staff , many of whom happen to be from Durban 's large Indian community , are calling the UK asking about customer satisfaction for a major car company . The South African government wants to attract more companies like Coracall to its shores , as well as grow its own domestic industry . It has introduced a number of financial incentives in the hope of achieving this . Companies are now eligible for grants for investment and training , as well as tax breaks for job creation . "  It has had a massive impact , " says Suleman Shaikh . He runs a call center in Johannesburg that deals specifically with the South African consumer market . He adds : "  It has made the industry much more competitive in terms of attracting offshore investment into the country . "  We can now compete with other offshore locations , such as India and the Philippines , much more favorably . It has lowered the barriers of entry into the market and it really has given the industry that competitive edge we have been looking for . " Read related : Mxit - South Africa 's Facebook beater According to South Africa 's national association for companies operating in the "  Business Process Service and Outsourcing " market , this competitive edge is beginning to deliver results . The industry grew over 85 % from 2007 to 2010 . Around 10,000 people are currently employed in this sector but that is expected to rise to 40,000 by 2015 . "  The industry has grown exponentially over the last 10 years , " says Shaikh . "  I have seen the industry grow from a few thousand agents to tens of thousands agents . I have seen it grow from just pure domestic operators to at least six new entrants from the UK entering South Africa over the last 24 months . " For the South African government there are incentives too ; this is a labor-intensive industry and one that is proving lucrative . Between 2009-10 the industry made nearly $ 250 million in exports . South Africa 's success in this area is attracting interest from other African countries , according to Brendon van Staaden , the CEO of Inter-Active Technologies . His call centers provide services for Samsung and the cable television provider Multi Choice , but he also provides technology for businesses opening their own call centers in other parts of Africa . "  It is incredible the amount of commitment that African countries are making to this industry , " van Staaden says . "  If you look at the prospects we are faced with over the next four to five years it is a very exciting space to play in . "  We have come of age in South Africa . As a result of that the African states , particularly the neighboring states , have begun to notice this a lot . " It 's unlikely that South Africa 's call center industry will outflank India 's , even with its rising labor costs . However , this industry is growing at a time when South Africa is struggling with unemployment . But it seems not everyone is convinced by the local accent . "  Usually our Scottish customers have a bit of difficulty understanding us , " says Durban call center worker Rhoda Anandam . "  That 's because of their accent themselves , because they are used to communicating with people of their same accent . "	South Africa is looking to grow its call center industry The government has introduced a number of financial incentives to attract more companies Companies like Amazon and Aegis are now using South African call centers The South African accent is a major asset , industry players claim
CNN  -- Real Madrid and Barcelona face disciplinary action from European football 's governing body following Wednesday 's fiery Champions League semifinal between the two Spanish clubs . UEFA said on Thursday that Real coach Jose Mourinho could be punished for being sent to the stands after Pepe was sent off , and then making an "  inappropriate statement " after his team 's 2-0 home first-leg defeat . His club could also be in trouble due to missile-throwing by fans and a pitch invasion at the Santiago Bernabeu , as well as Portugal international Pepe 's dismissal for a lunge at Barcelona 's Daniel Alves . Barcelona may also be charged at the May 6 hearing -- which comes after Tuesday 's second leg in the Catalan capital -- due to the sending-off of reserve goalkeeper Jose Pinto during a halftime scuffle between both sets of players . CNN Blog : Has Jose gone too far this time ? Barca later said on Thursday that the club would report Mourinho to UEFA for his astonishing tirade , which came despite the European body delaying the post-match interviews in order to give both teams time to calm down . Lionel Messi 's double saw Barca plant one foot in the final , with both goals coming after makeshift midfielder Pepe was sent off by German referee Wolfgang Stark . Mourinho , who was sent to the stands after the red card for his ironic applause at the match officials , suggested that UEFA shows favoritism towards Barcelona . He claimed Barca 's relationship with world children 's charity UNICEF , and with Spanish football federation president Angel Maria Villar , contributed to their "  power " and that the return leg next week was "  mission impossible . " Barcelona 's official website reported Mourinho as saying : "  Josep Guardiola is a fantastic football coach , but he has won one Champions League which would embarrass me after the scandalous goings on at Stamford Bridge and this year if he wins it again it will be after the scandalous goings on at the Bernabeu . "  I do n't know if it 's the UNICEF publicity or the friendship of Villar at UEFA , where he is vice-president , I do n't know if it 's because they are so nice , but they have got great power . The rest of us have no chance . " Messi magic sinks 10-man Real Madrid After an extraordinary meeting of the club 's board of directors , Barcelona spokesman Tony Freixa said a complaint would be made to UEFA 's disciplinary committee . "  We want to defend the history , prestige and reputation of our members , fans , players , coaches and directors , who with their hard work and their effort succeeded in winning the Champions League in 2009 , " Freixa said . "  It 's unacceptable that someone questions our titles and our links with UNICEF . " The build-up to the match had been dominated by a war of words between Mourinho and Guardiola . Barca 's players have been criticized for the pressure they put on the referee during the match but Guardiola refused to be drawn on Mourinho 's outburst , telling reporters : "  I have nothing to say . " Mud-slinging continued between the players , however , with Real striker Emmanuel Adebayor telling Spanish newspaper AS : "  Whenever you play against Barca , whenever you touch them , they are on the floor crying like a baby . " Real also responded on the club 's official website , posting a video that purportedly shows that Pedro made contact with the ball and not Alves . Madrid also claimed that Barcelona players Pedro and Sergio Busquets overly reacted when challenged by Alvaro Arbeloa and Marcelo during the game . The website published quotes from England footballers Rio Ferdinand and Michael Owen condemning Alves for diving , along with Irish golf star Rory McIlroy and NFL player Chad Ochocinco -- who also plays soccer .	UEFA announces disciplinary hearing into incidents at Santiago Bernabeu Real coach Jose Mourinho faces investigation into his red card and post-match comments Madrid may also be in trouble for fans ' missile-throwing and a pitch invasion UEFA will also probe Barcelona reserve Jose Pinto 's sending-off during halftime scuffle
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Ah Kuan vividly recalls the day she was granted residency in Hong Kong . The 32-year-old woman had been longing to settle in the city ever since she married a Hong Kong construction worker four years ago . But status as a resident from mainland China meant she first had to join a long queue . Migrant workers march in Hong Kong in May 2006 demanding better working conditions in the city . "  I felt as if I had won the lottery , " a jubilant Kuan says of obtaining residency . "  Now I finally got what I want . I do n't have to keep traveling in and out of Hong Kong to see my husband , and I can find a proper job . " Ah Kuan 's story has become an increasingly frequent one since Beijing assumed authority over Hong Kong 10 years ago . During the past decade , an average of 142 mainlanders have moved to Hong Kong each day . All told , more than 518,000 mainland Chinese -- most of them wives and children of Hong Kong citizens -- have migrated to Hong Kong since the handover , according to Hong Kong 's Immigration Department . Hong Kong has traditionally been viewed by mainland Chinese as a land of opportunity and a chance for a better life . Waves of mainland Chinese immigrants and refugees have come to Hong Kong to escape poverty , war and communism . Since Hong Kong has one of the world 's lowest birth rates , the mainland immigrants are crucial to replenishing the territory 's workforce . Nonetheless , the influx also poses many challenges to the former British colony , social observers say . The current wave of immigrants is changing the face of Hong Kong . And with the changes are coming increasing reports of discrimination and demands for more jobs from newly arrived immigrants , and increasing anxiety from Hong Kong Chinese about preserving social stability . Watch how Hong Kong 's wealth gap is widening " Under a quota system in place since 1995 , a maximum of 150 mainlanders per day are allowed to come to Hong Kong , according to Hong Kong 's Immigration Department . Today , mainlanders account for 93 percent of the city 's population growth , according to the Bauhinia Foundation Research , making them a key factor in shaping Hong Kong 's present and future . The influx has changed social dynamics in Hong Kong ; cross-border marriages have become increasingly common , for example . Today , 35 percent of marriages registered in Hong Kong involve a spouse from mainland China , according to Hong Kong 's Census and Statistics Department . But many mainlanders face hardship in Hong Kong , frequently stereotyped by Hong Kong residents as low-skilled workers with low income , an alien group that is ill-mannered , speaks with a funny accent and competes with the locals for jobs and welfare resources . "  Over the past decade , many poorly educated men in Hong Kong have married mainland women , " says Professor Choi Yuk-ping , a sociologist at the Chinese University . "  These couples are mainly from the low-income group and the women are low-skilled with no work experience in a city . They are marginalized by society . " The influx of mainlanders has triggered a host of controversies that has sharpened divisions and tensions between Hong Kong Chinese and mainland Chinese residents living in Hong Kong . In recent years , local media have increasingly reported on pregnant women from mainland China who come to Hong Kong to give birth in order to secure immediate citizenship for their children . Many Hong Kong natives view such actions as straining Hong Kong 's health-care resources . The number of babies born to these "  tourist mothers " surged to 26,132 in 2006 , from 7,810 in 2001 , according to Hong Kong 's Census and Statistics Department . Adding to the challenge are some mothers who left the hospitals without paying bills , and a small number who have abandoned BABIES BORN with congenital diseases . "  It 's a tremendous burden for us . Our services were already nearly stretched to the full . Now we have to work even longer hours , " says Dr. Wong Hon-kwong , an obstetrician at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Hong Kong . "  The situation is not good for the mainland mothers , either . Many of them check out of the hospital a day after giving birth without any proper rest . They probably do that to save money . " To deter the mainlanders , public hospitals recently increased charges on non-local mothers by almost twofold , a measure that has provoked outrage among mainland mothers . "  We are from the low-income group . The new charges have made our life very difficult . We may have to borrow money , " says mainland mother Annie Yeh , 25 , who is pregnant with a second child . "  I can understand why Hong Kong people think we 're robbing their resources . But I would n't come here if my husband were not from Hong Kong . I asked my 4-year-old daughter what she thought if I gave birth to the baby in the mainland . She cried and said ` we are a family , we must be together ' . " The plight of the mainlanders is a result of the Hong Kong government 's "  discriminatory measures , " according to legislator and mainland migrant supporter Fernando Cheung Chiu-hong . "  The biggest problem is that the government is taking the lead to discriminate  against  the mainlanders . With a birth rate of less than 1 percent , Hong Kong has to rely on the mainlanders to create a future . If we do n't handle the migrant issue properly , society will only become more divisive . " But not all mainland migrants face a life of hardship in Hong Kong . The Hong Kong government welcomes young mainlanders with professional skills with open arms . As the city now suffers a shortage of high-skilled labor , the government is offering to grant residency to elites from the mainland and abroad . So far about 80 people have secured residency in this way . Local university graduates from the mainland are also finding it easier to land jobs in Hong Kong . Geng Chunya , 26 , a native of northern China , even managed to start his own IT business with the help of government funding upon completing his doctorate degree here . "  The Hong Kong government is the best in the world . And I like Hong Kong . It 's a freer place than mainland China and it treats us fairly , " Geng says . "  Hong Kong needs us . We are young , well educated , unmarried and energetic . " James Tien Pei-chun , legislator and head of Hong Kong 's Liberal Party , says the government should do more to attract high-skilled mainland migrants . "  We 're facing a serious talent shortage and the top seeds from mainland China can help fill the void , " he says . Professor Choi , however , says the Hong Kong must first address the problems linked to the more numerous low-skilled mainlanders . "  With our aging population , their arrival is definitely positive to Hong Kong in the long run . But currently the biggest challenge is to tackle poverty among the immigrants . Failing that , a lot of social conflicts would ensue , " she says . "  For Hong Kong people , they must come to terms with the fact that mainland immigrants are part of society and they will make a lot of contributions in future . This is what we must recognize . " E-mail to a friend	More than 518,000 mainlanders have migrated to Hong Kong since 1997 Quota system in place since 1995 allows maximum 150 mainlanders per day Many mainlanders are stereotyped as low-skilled workers with low income Hong Kong government welcomes young mainlanders with professional skills
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on Wednesday praised the recent purge of his uncle and former protector , saying it brought greater unity within the secretive , nuclear-armed state . "  In the seething period of the effort for building a thriving country last year , we took the resolute measure of removing the factionalists lurking in the Party , " Kim said in a New Year 's address , referring to the North 's ruling Workers ' Party of Korea . "  As our Party detected and purged the anti-Party , counterrevolutionary factionalists at an opportune time and with a correct decision , the Party and revolutionary ranks were further consolidated and our single-hearted unity was solidified to the maximum , " Kim said , according to the text of the speech carried by North Korean state media . The purged uncle , Jang Song Thaek , was considered instrumental in Kim 's rise to power in December 2011 and , until recently , was regarded as the second-most powerful figure in North Korea . But the young leader turned his back on Jang in spectacular fashion late last year , having him executed last month on charges he tried to overthrow the government . A publicized purge The death of Jang , who was married to Kim 's paternal aunt , was announced in an unusually public declaration by the reclusive regime . Purges and executions of senior officials are believed to have taken place under the North 's previous leaders , Kim 's father and grandfather , but without such public fanfare . North Korean state media attacked Jang 's character and detailed an extensive list of his alleged crimes , describing him as "  despicable human scum . " Kim 's speech Wednesday is the first time he has publicly commented on the purge . A range of different theories have been put forward for the real causes behind Jang 's downfall . Last week , South Korea 's main intelligence agency told lawmakers that it believed business disputes inside the North Korean regime had precipitated the purge . Nuclear warning In his speech , Kim also addressed his country 's strained relationship with South Korea and the United States , warning that if war were to break out in the region , it would spiral into a nuclear confrontation . "  The U.S. and South Korean war maniacs have deployed legions of equipment for a nuclear war in and around the Korean Peninsula and are going frantic in their military exercises for a nuclear war against the North , " Kim said . "  This precipitates a critical situation where any accidental military skirmish may lead to an all-out war . " "  Should another war break out on this land , " he said , "  it will result in a deadly nuclear catastrophe and the United States will never be safe . " But his words stopped well short of the alarmingly threatening language that peppered North Korean statements in early 2013 as tensions spiked over the regime 's nuclear test in February and the resulting U.N. sanctions . North and South Kim called for better ties between the two Koreas , which have reestablished dialogue and reopened their shared industrial complex since the rocky period in the spring . "  A favorable climate should be established for improved relations between the North and the South , " he said . In South Korea , President Park Geun-hye said that her government would strive to maintain "  impregnable " security and prepare for any possible provocations by the North . Analysts have said that the purge of Jang could be a sign of instability inside North Korea and that Kim could seek to focus attention away from domestic issues by carrying out a provocative act , like another new rocket or nuclear test . Park said the South Korean government would "  redouble its efforts to further promote peace on the Korean Peninsula and lay the groundwork for peaceful reunification . " Dennis Rodman leaves North Korea without meeting Kim Jong Un North Korea in 2014 : A country on the ledge	Kim Jong Un praises the effects of his uncle 's execution in North Korea "  Our single-hearted unity was solidified to the maximum , " the young leader says Jang Song Thaek was considered instrumental in Kim 's rise to power two years ago Kim also warns that a skirmish in the region could lead to all-out war
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When Sonia Sotomayor won Senate confirmation to the U.S. Court of Appeals in 1998 , all 29 "  no " votes were cast by Republicans . Sonia Sotomayor is virtually sure to be confirmed by the Democratic-dominated Senate , analysts say . That may happen again when the Senate votes in coming months on Sotomayor 's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court . The career jurist nominated by President Obama would be the first Hispanic justice -- and only the third woman justice -- in the history of the nation 's highest court . Those distinctions make Sotomayor 's confirmation by the Democratic-majority Senate virtually certain , analysts say . They also note that Republican President George H.W. Bush first nominated Sotomayor as a federal judge , indicating broad political appeal . A senior White House official told CNN that Sotomayor was "  nominated by George -LSB- H.W. -RSB- Bush -- then Bill Clinton -- -LSB- and has -RSB- more judicial experience than anyone sitting on the court had at the time they were nominated . " Watch Obama tell why Sotomayor is ` the kind of justice we need ' " The partisan divide over the nomination was immediately evident . iReport.com : Listen to what CNN readers are saying about Sotomayor Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , which will first consider Sotomayor 's nomination , called her record exemplary for a candidate to succeed retiring Justice David Souter -- a liberal voice on the high court . "  I believe that Judge Sotomayor will be in the mold of Justice Souter , who understands the real-world impact of the court 's decisions , rather than the mold of the conservative activists who second-guess Congress , and who through judicial extremism undercut laws meant to protect Americans from discrimination in their jobs , their access to health care and education , and their privacy from an overreaching government , " Leahy 's statement said . "  I believe Judge Sotomayor understands that the courthouse doors must be as open to ordinary Americans as they are to government and big corporations . " Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky called for a vigorous confirmation process to "  thoroughly examine her record to ensure she understands that the role of a jurist in our democracy is to apply the law even-handedly , despite their own feelings or personal or political preferences . " "  Our Democratic colleagues have often remarked that the Senate is not a ` rubber stamp , ' " McConnell said . "  Accordingly , we trust they will ensure there is adequate time to prepare for this nomination , and a full and fair opportunity to question the nominee and debate her qualifications . " Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , a Republican member of the Judiciary Committee , said Sotomayor must "  prove her commitment to impartially deciding cases based on the law , rather than based on her own personal politics , feelings and preferences . " However , CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin noted that he has n't heard any Republicans come out and say they will vote against her , noting that in past nominations , some have come out of the gate outright against the nominees . Still , Sotomayor 's critics have begun to highlight comments she made during a panel discussion at Duke University in 2005 , where she told students that the federal Court of Appeals is where "  policy is made . " "  I know that this is on tape , " she then immediately said . "  I should never say that . Because we do n't ` make law ' ... I 'm not promoting it , and I 'm not advocating it . Having said that , the Court of Appeals is where ... the law is percolating . " CNN senior political analyst Gloria Borger said those comments may be what Republicans rally around in their attempt to block her confirmation . "  I 've spoken to a bunch of conservatives today who intend to use this YouTube clip , intend to use lots of clips from speeches she 's given talking about how they believe that she will be an activist judge who will legislate from the bench , " Borger said . "  And so it 's kind of interesting because in a way , I think they intend to use more of her speeches and her appearances than lots of her court decisions . " For now , those speeches seem to be the main sticking point , though it is likely Republicans will latch on to other issues they feel make her a bad choice for the job . "  Certainly you will see controversy because it 's in Republicans ' interest to generate controversy , " Toobin said . "  They want to defeat her . This is a major , major initiative of the Obama presidency . Now whether any of this controversy sticks , I think , is very much an open question . " Republicans also must be careful about whether unfair scrutiny or personal attacks could backfire , Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele told CNN when asked about possibly harming his party 's Hispanic outreach by opposing Sotomayor . "  You want to be careful , " Steele said . "  You do n't want to be perceived as a bully . " Senate Democrat Dianne Feinstein of California warned against Republican stall tactics in the face of a likely filibuster-proof 60 votes supporting Sotomayor 's confirmation . "  Any unnecessary delay will only keep the court from getting ready for a new term and inhibit the Senate 's ability to focus on other important priorities like the economy , energy and health care , " Feinstein said . The National Organization for Woman said Sotomayor "  brings a lifelong commitment to equality , justice and opportunity , as well as the respect of her peers , unassailable integrity , and a keen intellect informed by experience . " However , Wendy E. Long of the conservative Judicial Confirmation Network described Sotomayor as a "  liberal judicial activist of the first order , " code language for opposition by the political right . The confirmation process will begin with Senate Judiciary Committee hearings , expected in July . The committee will decide whether to send the nomination to the full chamber , which will make the final confirmation decision . Obama has said he wants Sotomayor confirmed before the Senate goes on its August break to ensure that Sotomayor , if confirmed , can be seated with the Supreme Court when it begins its new session in October . Leahy endorsed that timetable , saying Tuesday , "  We are committed to ensuring that the next justice is seated before the court 's term begins in October . " Senate Republicans , however , want to allow time for an upcoming Supreme Court decision on an appellate ruling by Sotomayor in an affirmative action case involving New Haven , Connecticut , firefighters . Senate Republican whip John Kyl of Arizona , a member of the Judiciary Committee , noted that the Republican-controlled chamber took 73 days to confirm conservative Chief Justice John Roberts and 93 days to confirm conservative Justice Samuel Alito . To complete the confirmation process by August , the Senate would have to act in 66 days . "  I would expect that Senate Democrats will afford the minority the same courtesy as we move forward with this process , " Kyl said . In the New Haven case , a three-judge appellate panel that included Sotomayor upheld a lower court ruling that supported the decision of New Haven officials to throw out results of promotional exams that they said left too few minorities qualified . The high court was asked to decide whether there is a continued need for special treatment for minorities , or whether enough progress has been made to make existing laws obsolete , especially in a political atmosphere where an African-American occupies the White House . Long said the New Haven case showed that Sotomayor "  reads racial preferences and quotas into the Constitution , even to the point of dishonoring those who preserve our public safety . "	Republicans say they need time to examine record of Obama 's high court nominee Conservative group calls Sonia Sotomayor "  liberal judicial activist " Sotomayor 's confirmation virtually certain in Democratic-majority Senate , analysts say Obama has said he wants Sotomayor confirmed before August congressional break
CNN  -- A group cited by U.S. officials as a domestic terrorism threat claimed responsibility Friday for knocking down two radio station towers in Snohomish County , Washington . Much of the tower system , owned by radio station KRKO , was "  flattened like a pancake , " the manager said . The Earth Liberation Front  ELF  issued a statement saying opponents of the towers argue that "  AM radio waves cause adverse health effects including a higher rate of cancer , harm to wildlife , and that the signals have been interfering with home phone and intercom lines . " "  When all legal channels of opposition have been exhausted , concerned citizens have to take action into their own hands to protect life and the planet , " Jason Crawford , a spokesman for the group , said in a news release . Members of ELF have been sentenced for acts of domestic terrorism in the past . Though no one is known to have been killed in ELF attacks , the government defines domestic terrorism as use or threatened use of violence by a domestic group "  against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government , the civilian population , or any segment thereof , in furtherance of political or social objectives , " the FBI 's then-domestic terrorism chief , James F. Jarboe , explained in congressional testimony in 2002 . The towers belong to radio station KRKO . "  There 's quite a bit of destruction to the antenna system and it will probably take at least three months to get it back up and operational again , " station manager Andy Skotdal told CNN affiliate KIRO , adding that much of it was "  flattened like a pancake . " The station remained on the air by using a backup transmitter site , he said . KRKO is working with authorities to find those responsible , Skotdal said , adding , "  We 'll use our own airwaves to do it . " The perpetrators stole an excavating machine out of a yard in order to knock down the towers , Skotdal said . Watch the aftermath of the scene " The Snohomish County Sheriff 's Office said the Seattle office of the FBI is the lead investigative agency in the incident . Officials at the FBI office did not immediately return a call seeking comment . Snohomish County is just north of Seattle . The attack took place in an unincorporated part of the county , officials said . In its news release , the ELF describes itself as "  an international underground organization that uses direct action in the form of economic sabotage to stop the systematic exploitation and destruction of the planet . Since its inception in North America in 1996 , the ELF has inflicted well over $ 150 million in damages to corporations and governmental agencies that are profiting from the destruction of the Earth . "	Earth Liberation Front : "  AM radio waves cause adverse health effects " Station manager said radio towers were "  flattened like a pancake " Radio station KRKO remained on air by using a backup transmitter site
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer remained on course for a semifinal showdown at the Australian Open with untroubled passage to the third round on Wednesday , but top American hope Mardy Fish became the first high-profile casualty of the men 's draw . Second seed Nadal won in straight sets for the second match in a row , beating former world No. 2 Tommy Haas , while Federer had a walkover against another German , Andreas Beck . Nadal showed no signs of the recurring knee problem that troubled him before Monday 's opening win as he triumphed 6-4 6-3 6-4 against the oldest player in the singles draw . The 33-year-old Haas has reached the semifinals three times in Melbourne , but has fallen to 190th in the rankings after a series of injury problems . "  I really practiced well , " said Nadal , who next faces Slovakia 's world No. 119 Lukas Lacko -- a four-set conqueror of American Donald Young . "  I had very good preparation . I won already two matches in straight sets with positive feeling . I am well . " Federer , seeking his fifth title in the season 's opening grand slam and his 17th overall , will face big-serving Croatian Ivo Karlovic in the last 32 following Beck 's pre-match withdrawal with a back injury . The Swiss third seed , whose last major title came in Australia in 2010 , had been due to play away from the main Rod Laver Arena court for the first time in 52 matches . But he said he was pleased that women players were getting more of a chance to play in marquee night matches this year , which means fewer late finishes for the men . "  I do n't think it 's good that they always had the women 's match first . I think it 's good to mix it up , " the 30-year-old said . Eighth seed Fish was less happy to play in the scorching afternoon heat , complaining about the timeouts that Colombian opponent Alejandro Falla took for treating cramps before sealing a 7-6  7-4  6-3 7-6  8-6  victory . "  I thought he was having some physical issues . But then in between , on every point , he was totally fine , " Fish said . "  I have a hard time calling the trainer for anything . I would n't want the other guy to know that I was hurting in the first place . To be able to get help for lack of fitness ... I mean , if you saw how much water I drank in the past three days just to hydrate to make sure that something like that did n't happen -- I did all the right things there . " Falla , ranked 71st , will next play Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber , with the winner of that match likely to take on Argentine 11th seed Juan Martin del Potro . The 2009 U.S. Open champion set up a third-round clash with Taiwan 's world No. 79 Yen-Hsun Lu by beating Slovenia 's Blaz Kavcic 6-4 7-5 6-3 , continuing his career revival following longterm wrist injury . Czech seventh seed Tomas Berdych went through after beating Belgium 's Olivier Rochus in straight sets , and will next play big-serving South African No. 30 Kevin Anderson . American 16th seed John Isner survived another marathon match as he defeated 2006 semifinalist David Nalbandian 4-6 6-3 2-6 7-6  7-5  10-8 . The match lasted more than four and a half hours , and the deciding set went for 99 minutes -- with Nalbandian furious that he was denied a video challenge at 8-8 when he held a break-point on Isner 's serve . "  Obviously the ump did n't think he challenged in time , but maybe because of the crowd noise the ump could n't hear it or what not , " Isner said . "  The break went in my favour , for sure . " Isner , who was involved in the longest match in tennis history at Wimbledon in 2010 , won the game and then broke the Argentine 's serve in the next to set up a clash with Spanish 18th seed Feliciano Lopez . His fellow American Sam Querrey lost to Australia 's 19-year-old rising star Bernard Tomic , who will next face Ukrainian 13th seed Alexandr Dolgopolov . Spanish 10th seed Nicolas Almagro came from 2-1 down to beat Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov in five sets to book a tie with Swiss 21st seed Stanislas Wawrinka , who beat 2006 finalist Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus , 7-6 6-4 5-7 6-1 .	World No. 2 Rafael Nadal reaches third round in Melbourne , beating Tommy Haas Third seed Roger Federer also into last 32 after his opponent pulls out with injury American eighth seed Mardy Fish crashes out of season 's opening grand slam No. 7 Tomas Berdych and No. 11 Juan Martin del Potro go through with victories
Compounding the American military 's difficulties on the Japanese island of Okinawa , a U.S. airman is under investigation over allegations he broke into a local family 's home early Friday and assaulted a teenage boy before jumping off a third-floor balcony . The incident is likely to further deepen resentment among Okinawan residents about the significant U.S. military presence on the island . The situation was already extremely delicate following the arrest last month of two U.S. sailors accused of raping a local woman . That case prompted angry protests from Japanese officials and local residents . The U.S. military responded by imposing a nighttime curfew on its thousands of troops in the country -- a restriction the airman appears to have disobeyed Friday . According to Okinawa police , the suspect is alleged to have broken into the family 's apartment in the village of Yomitan around 1 a.m. Friday , hit a 13-year-old boy who was in bed and damaged a television set . The boy was left with an injury to his cheek . The airman suffered "  possible broken bones and internal injuries " after jumping from the apartment 's balcony and has been admitted to a military hospital on the nearby U.S. Air Force base of Kadena , U.S. military officials said . Japanese Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba called the incident "  outrageous , " noting that it took place despite the U.S. military curfew . He said the Japanese authorities would lodge a complaint with the United States . The U.S. ambassador to Japan , John Roos , said he was also appalled by reports of the incident . "  Let me be absolutely clear : I am very upset -- it 's an understatement to say I 'm very upset , " he told reporters in Tokyo on Friday , expressing concern about the well-being of the Japanese boy who was allegedly attacked . He stressed that the U.S. military forces in Japan are "  undergoing a complete review of the liberty policies and other policies that will minimize , if not eliminate , any such incident in the future . " "  It is incredibly unfortunate that the purported actions of a few reflect badly on thousands of young men and women here in Japan , away from their homes , that are here for the defense of Japan , " he said . American military officials on Okinawa , which lies south of the main Japanese islands , were trying to deal with the fallout from the situation . "  It is extremely regrettable when an alleged incident like this occurs , " said Col. Brian McDaniel , vice commander of the 18th Wing of the U.S. Air Force , which occupies the Kadena base , the largest American military installation in the Asia-Pacific region . "  We are fully cooperating with Okinawan authorities on this investigation to ensure justice is served . " Maj. Christopher Anderson , the head of public affairs for the 18th Wing , said he had met with the mayor of Yomitan on Friday . "  This is n't how we want our people to conduct themselves , " he said of the airman 's alleged behavior . Japanese and U.S authorities declined to disclose details of the airman 's identity Friday , other than that he was assigned to Kadena . The issue of violent crimes by U.S. troops in Japan has divided the two countries for decades . It came to a peak in 1995 when a U.S. sailor and two U.S. Marines were convicted of raping a 12-year-old girl . Tens of thousands of Okinawans took to the streets at the time demanding that the United States leave the island . Relations between the U.S. military and the people of Okinawa have also been strained in recent months over the U.S. Marine Corps ' deployment of MV-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft to a base on the island . Some Okinawa residents are concerned because the Osprey has had a reputation for crashing . The Okinawan community has long been against the presence of the U.S. military , which recently announced that thousands of Marines will be moved to a base in Guam .	"  It 's an understatement to say I 'm very upset , " U.S. ambassador says A U.S. airman is alleged to have broken into an apartment and hit a 13-year-old boy The alleged attack is "  outrageous , " the Japanese foreign minister says Two U.S. sailors were arrested last month over accusations they raped a local woman
CNN  -- For cybersecurity reasons , sailors on U.S. Navy vessels ca n't always use smartphones and tablets . And in the cramped quarters of a submarine , there 's little room for shelves full of books . So how is a bookworm sailor supposed to pass the time during those long hours at sea ? The Navy has a solution : The Navy eReader Device , or "  NeRD " for short , a custom-made , secure e-reader that comes preloaded with a library of 300 titles . The device has no cellular connectivity or Wi-Fi , so there are no signals to betray its location or tempt enemy hackers . Yes , that NeRD name may stigmatize reading for some seamen and women . But the Navy is hoping the new gadget will be a welcome companion for bored sailors . "  I know the paperbacks  on Navy ships  get passed back and forth until they fall apart , " said Nilya Carrato , program assistant for the Navy General Library Program . "  We 're hoping the NeRD holds up a little better . " The Navy will start by distributing five devices to each of the submarines in its active fleet , Carrato told CNN . Eventually , it plans to send NeRDs to all Navy vessels . "  I 've gotten some e-mails from sailors on surface vessels who are very eager to know when they 'll get them , " Carrato said . Each NeRD will offer a mix of fiction , nonfiction , best-sellers , classics and historical books selected by the Navy . Popular titles will include the "  Game of Thrones " series , "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , " "  Ender 's Game , " "  The Lord of the Rings , " Stephen King 's "  The Stand " and "  The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks . " More literary-minded sailors will be able to read digital versions of classics by Shakespeare , Jane Austen , James Joyce , Walt Whitman and even Samuel Taylor Coleridge , whose "  The Rime of the Ancient Mariner " would make a fitting read . Contrary to some news reports , Carrato said the devices wo n't contain any Tom Clancy novels , however . So if sailors want their "  Hunt for Red October " fix , they 'll have to watch the movie adaptation on DVD . The e-readers were developed for the Navy through a partnership with Findaway World , which provides digital devices and audiobook technology to the Pentagon . Publishing partners for the NeRD include Simon & Schuster , HarperCollins , Hachette and Random House .	The U.S. Navy has developed a customized e-reader for its sailors The "  NeRD " will come preloaded with a library of 300 titles Device has no connectivity and is more secure than a tablet
CNN  -- Porto have been sanctioned by UEFA for the "  racist conduct " of their supporters during a Europa League last 32 game against Manchester City on their home ground in February . The Portuguese club were fined 20,000 euros  $ 26,344  Wednesday by European football 's governing body and have been given three days to appeal the punishment , a statement on UEFA official website said . City , who won the match 2-1 at the Estadio do Dragao , complained after Yaya Toure and Mario Balotelli were the target of racist chants . These intensified when Italian international Balotelli was substituted with 12 minutes to go . Porto coach Vitor Pereira later claimed there the fans were actually chanting , "  Hulk , Hulk , Hulk " at his club 's star player , but these arguments were rejected by UEFA . Porto were beaten 4-0 in the second leg at the Etihad Stadium and reported City fans to UEFA , claiming they had made "  improper " chants at Hulk . But UEFA took no action against City , who were knocked out of the competition by another Portuguese side , Sporting Lisbon , in the last 16 .	Porto fined $ 26,344 for ` racist conduct ' by their fans in Europa League tie Manchester City stars Mario Balotelli and Yaya Toure target of chants City won match at Estadio do Dragao and went through 6-1 on aggregate
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth celebrates her 82nd birthday Saturday with a parade and military ceremony known as "  Trooping the Color . " Britain 's Queen Elizabeth attends the Derby Festival at Epson Downs horse race course on June 7 . The queen 's birthday is actually April 21 , but she officially celebrates it every year on a Saturday in June when good weather is more likely , according to Buckingham Palace . During the ceremony , which is open to the public , the queen inspects the troops . They then march past the queen , who rides in a carriage back to the palace . The Royal Air Force then conducts a colorful fly-past over Buckingham Palace while the queen and her family watch from the balcony . The queen has attended Trooping the Color every year of her reign except for one -- 1955 , when a national rail strike canceled the event , the palace says . The ceremony gets its name from a tradition where colors of the battalion were carried , or "  trooped , " down the ranks so they could be seen and recognized by the soldiers , Buckingham Palace says .	Queen 's April birthday is celebrated in June to enjoy good weather Parade , military ceremony will mark royal birthday Troop inspection , flyover by Royal Air Force , part of ceremonies
EW.com  -- Although the tower in question in the gimcrack action comedy "  Tower Heist " is fictional , many New York tourists will recognize the aggressive nouveau-riche opulence of the building 's exterior as that of an actual Manhattan hotel condominium owned by aggressive nouveau-riche Donald Trump . The aesthetic pairing of The Donald and director Brett Ratner is a natural . This brassy production , an imitation "  Ocean 's 13 1/2 , " features the name-brand talents of Ben Stiller  as an honorable Tower manager named Josh  and Eddie Murphy  as a con man called Slide  leading rookie thieves in an elaborate Robin Hood-style heist . Their target ? The oversize penthouse of one Arthur Shaw  Alan Alda  , a shady billionaire who keeps a rare 1963 Ferrari in his living room . In other words , "  Tower Heist " is the cinematic version of a Trump property : overblinged , eye-catching , and essentially tacky . For a movie that claims its heart is with the masses -- the 99 percent ! -- there 's an awful lot of production-design admiration lavished on the trappings of the effin-rich 1 percent .  Ratner had specific ideas about which pedigreed modern-art reproductions he wanted on the walls .  Shaw is a fictional variation on Bernie Madoff : Entrusted with the retirement savings of the multicultural low-wage employees who keep the Tower running , he takes their money and ruins their lives . And so , rallied by egalitarian friend-to-all Josh -- the guy takes the subway to work from Queens , so you know he 's a mensch -- and hastily educated in criminal technique by Josh 's less honorable Queens neighbor Slide , these blue-collar little people rise up in triumph to steal their money back . By the moral standards of Occupy Hollywood , the crime earns an ethical thumbs-up . You may think I am picking too much on what 's built to be a fun , diverting , New York-state-of-mind caper comedy -- a joke-filled cavalcade that marks 50-year-old Eddie Murphy 's welcome return to the edgier stuff that made him famous . Alrighty , let 's talk about Murphy : He 's nowhere to be found in the first half of the movie ! And he 's only there to illuminate selected scenes in the second : He 's like the spot lighting supplied by a big-a ** chandelier in an ostentatious Trump lobby . That 's too bad , because when Murphy is on screen , his comedic vigor -- reminiscent of Chris Tucker 's jive-talk mania in Ratner 's "  Rush Hour " movies but with a blast of Murphy-specific danger -- gooses the movie 's energy level . I 've missed that guy . But whenever Murphy wanders off , the movie 's pulse rate drops . Tower Heist is in effect two movies : One belongs to Murphy , the other to the rest of the cast . Josh 's drippy in-house recruits include Matthew Broderick as a broke ex -- Wall Streeter and Tower resident  and the kind of fretful nebbish he perfected on Broadway in The Producers  ; Michael Pe  a as an uncouth rookie bellhop ; and "  Ocean " 's alumnus Casey Affleck as an unreliable concierge who happens to be Josh 's stressed-out brother-in-law .  The band of gentlemen credited with the story and screenplay includes Ted Griffin , who worked on Steven Soderbergh 's 2001 "  Ocean 's Eleven . " Two female characters also join the increasingly frantic male-driven mayhem .  Here 's where I mention with an eye roll that , in what I hope is a quickly passing trend in male - as well as female-driven comedies , vaginas are briefly discussed , this time by Affleck .  T  a Leoni , who worked with the director 11 years ago in "  The Family Man , " gamely plays a no-nonsense FBI agent with cute rough edges . And Gabourey Sidibe , the striking plus-size Oscar-nominated star of "  Precious , " makes her Hollywood leap as a feisty Jamaican chambermaid who gets in on the heist action .  The girl 's got mad safecracking skills . I do n't know why Ratner and cinematographer Dante Spinotti felt compelled to push the camera in close , as if gawking at Sidibe 's dramatic coloring and size . But then , I also do n't know why she was n't used more : Murphy never looks more alive and excited by a fellow actor -- challenged to peak performance -- than during ribald , flirtatious banter with Sidibe 's self-possessed working girl . She 's something new ; Murphy in "  Tower Heist " is something rebooted . Together they build something with more visual interest than any Trump Tower on any tourist map . EW.com rating : C + See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Tower Heist " is the cinematic version of a Trump property Murphy 's nowhere to be found in the first half Sidibe 's self-possessed working girl is something new
Health.com  -- Over the past several years , researchers have noticed an odd pattern in the relationship between body weight and Alzheimer 's disease : Middle-aged people have a higher long-term risk of developing the disease if they 're overweight or obese , while older people have a lower risk of the disease if they 're carrying excess weight . A new study , published this week in the journal Neurology , may offer a clue to this so-called obesity paradox . Non-overweight individuals in their late 60s , 70s , and early 80s who have no outward symptoms of Alzheimer 's are more likely than their heavier peers to have biological markers  or biomarkers  of the disease , the study found . This finding raises the possibility that weight loss or a low body mass index  BMI  later in life may be an early warning sign of mental decline , the researchers say . "  Weight changes or body composition changes may actually be a manifestation of disease , which would explain the obesity being an apparent protective factor , " says Jeffrey M. Burns , M.D. , the lead author of the study and the associate director of the University of Kansas Alzheimer 's Disease Center , in Kansas City . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease Well before memory loss and other symptoms appear , Alzheimer 's may trigger metabolism changes that promote weight loss , Burns says . "  In general , we think of Alzheimer 's as a brain disease , but this is evidence that there are systemic problems throughout the body in the early stages of Alzheimer 's . " Burns and his colleagues analyzed data from the Alzheimer 's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative , a huge study spanning 58 hospitals and universities that 's funded by the National Institutes of Health and an array of nonprofit organizations and drug companies . The goal of the initiative is to find ways to measure the progression of Alzheimer 's and the precursor condition known as mild cognitive impairment . The researchers looked at 101 people who underwent brain scans designed to identify the plaques and abnormal tangle of proteins that are the hallmark of Alzheimer 's , and another 405 people whose cerebrospinal fluid was analyzed for fragments of these proteins  beta-amyloid peptide and tau  . Each group included some people with Alzheimer 's disease , some with mild cognitive impairment , and some with no signs of mental deterioration . Health.com : 7 ways to protect your memory There was no connection between BMI and Alzheimer 's biomarkers in the patients who actually had Alzheimer 's . But in the other two groups , lower BMI was associated with higher levels of biomarkers and a higher likelihood of having brain plaques and tangles . Among people with mild cognitive impairment , for instance , 85 percent of non-overweight individuals had signs of these brain abnormalities , compared to just 48 percent of those who were overweight or obese .  A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight . Richard Lipton , M.D. , an attending neurologist at Montefiore Medical Center , in New York City , who was not involved in the new research , agrees with the authors that the findings suggest that Alzheimer 's can affect the entire body early on . "  The most obvious manifestations of Alzheimer 's disease are in the brain , but Alzheimer 's disease has a large number of effects on the body as well , " says Lipton , the principal investigator of a long-running study on aging and Alzheimer 's . "  The brain regulates blood pressure and respiratory rate and pulse and hunger and satiety and blood flow to various organs in the body , so it would n't be surprising if a widespread disease of the brain had effects on many , many different aspects of bodily function . " Health.com : Aging workforce means dementia on the job could rise The study shows only an association , not cause and effect , so Burns and his colleagues ca n't be sure that Alzheimer 's directly causes weight loss  or prevents weight gain  . In fact , the researchers found no association between BMI changes and Alzheimer 's biomarkers in a subset of study participants whose weight was tracked for two years . May Ahmad Baydoun , Ph.D. , a staff scientist at the National Institute on Aging who studies risk factors for dementia , described the study as "  very strong " overall . But , she says , "  the results would have been a lot stronger if they found weight loss over time is associated with increased Alzheimer 's disease pathology , also over time . " The relationship between weight loss and the progression of Alzheimer 's is likely a two-way street , Lipton says . People who start to experience declines in mental function may shop for groceries less regularly , cook less frequently , and eat less -- and the poor nutrition that results could in turn accelerate the progression of the disease , he says . Health.com : Foods that may help save your memory "  It seems pretty likely to me that both things are true -- that good health practices prevent illness , and health practices may fall apart in the early stages of illness and accelerate cognitive and physical decline , " Lipton says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	A new study may offer a clue to the relationship body weight and Alzheimer 's disease Jeffrey M. Burns , M.D. , says Alzheimer 's may trigger changes that promote weight loss The goal of the study is to find ways to measure the progression of Alzheimer 's
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Averting what could have been another gas crisis across Europe , Russia and Ukraine have fixed a price on natural gas for 2008 while Kiev has promised to pay its 2007 gas debts . The last-minute deal mirrored a similar situation in 2006 , when Russia briefly cut off gas supplies to Ukraine over pricing differences . Ukraine is the largest facilitator of natural gas to European Union countries , and the disruption caused shortages in Western Europe . Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukraine President Viktor Yushchenko announced on Tuesday they had reached agreement on the gas issue at a news conference in Moscow following their talks . The Russian natural gas company , Gazprom , had threatened to stop supplying gas to Ukraine on Monday , then extended the deadline until Tuesday evening while talks continued . The two leaders said several other issues between the countries had been resolved , as well . Yushchenko said Ukraine will pay its gas arrears of 2007 and will be a stable transit supplier to Western Europe . A final agreement will be signed in the next few days and payment for gas already used will begin shortly , Putin said . After the gas cut-off in 2006 , EU leaders called for solutions that would allow the union to avoid being a victim of disputes between Russia and other former Soviet republics . A consortium of countries banded together to fund the Nabucco pipeline , a $ 7.4 billion  5 billion euros  project that will bring gas from Turkey 's borders with Georgia and Iran to Turkey , Bulgaria , Romania , Hungary and Austria , and then on to Central and Western Europe , according to the Nabucco Web site . Construction is to begin in 2009 on the 3,400-km  2,113-mile  pipeline , and it 's expected to be operational in 2013 . But Gazprom , along with Italy 's ENI , is planning a 900-km  560-mile  pipeline following a similar route to feed into Austria and Italy , a project that would cost between $ 14.6 billion and $ 17.5 billion  10 billion to 12 billion euros  . Last week , the managing director of Nabucco Gas Pipeline International , Reinhard Mitschek , announced that Gazprom may also send gas through the Nabucco pipeline . Critics say the move would undermine the purpose of the project , which was to reduce European dependence on Russian gas . E-mail to a friend	Russia and Ukraine agree in principle price on natural gas for 2008 Announcement made at joint news conference of the two presidents State energy giant Gazprom had threatened to stop supplying gas to Ukraine
Washington  CNN  -- Although some people believe Elvis Presley is still alive , and he 's been on a stamp , the U.S. Postal Service is opening up the opportunity to honor people on a stamp who are unquestionably still around . The agency Monday announced it has dropped a rule that imposed a five-year waiting period after a notable person 's death before they could be considered to be featured on a stamp . "  We wanted to make sure the people we suggested had stood the test of time , " said Stephen Kearney , the Postal Service manager of stamp programs . But in deciding to discontinue the rule , Kearney explained it was limiting the number of worthwhile , relevant candidates , especially those considered meaningful by young people who might be encouraged to buy stamps . Using the agency 's Facebook and Twitter accounts , as well as letters sent through the mail , the Postal Service invites the public to submit a "  Top 5 " list of living individuals in a nominating process leading to a new stamp by the middle of next year . Avoiding dubious figures remains part of the selection criteria that measures whether a candidate has done remarkable things for America . A citizen stamp committee will review the nominees that come in over the next month 's time , and by mid-November the panel will make a final suggestion to the Postmaster General who will approve or reject . "  Today with today 's news cycle , it 's hard to hide anything , and the committee will still be careful about those they pick , " Kearney said . He also ruled out today 's politicians . "  What we do n't want to do is let stamps get involved in the political process , " Kearney told CNN , "  so it 's very unlikely we would do politicians who are still in the game right now . " Kearney said , "  We 're not ruling out sports stars , musicians , writers and artists . " And he added "  another possibility is we might feature people who are not necessarily famous right now , " but who have demonstrated real or potential achievement . Among notable sports figures , basketball 's Michael Jordan , professional golf 's Tiger Woods , and baseball 's Roger Clemens may come to mind among candidates of achievement who could be considered under the new rules that include the living . Kearney said "  when it gets to a final stage , we do complete research " into the person who may become the first contemporary honoree , potentially ruling out anyone with questionable background since , in Kearney 's words , "  surprises are not good in the world of stamps . " That said , Elvis Presley is an example of someone , dead or alive , who contributed to American culture . In 1992 , long after his generally accepted death in 1977 , the Postal Service held a public vote as to whether an Elvis stamp should depict him early in his career , or how he was in later years . The portrayal of a "  young " Elvis won out , on a margin of three-to-one from more than a million votes cast . "  Elvis was the king of stamps , " said Postal Service spokesman Mark Saunders , who said the runoff nearly 20 years ago was conducted using only post cards obtained and mailed at 40,000 post offices nationwide . The Postal Service is in the midst of closing thousands of post offices as part of a financial overhaul to cut red ink . The commemorative stamp program brings in about $ 200 million a year in profit . "  The main source of profit is those who buy and keep the stamps , " Kearney explained , "  it 's serious money , but it 's a relatively small drop in the gap we have to close . " Still , if the popularity of Facebook and Twitter can supplement snail mail , postal officials believe the competition to name the first living person featured on a U.S. stamp may top the public 's participation in the Elvis runoff .	U.S. postal stamps can now feature living people Agency hopes the stamps will encourage business , improve revenue The number of suggestions may top 1992 's "  Elvis Presley " stamp runoff Advisory panel will review suggested nominees ahead of first issue next year
CNN  -- If you 've seen "  The Social Network " or taken a few minutes to really look at your Facebook page , you may have started to figure out that what you get out of Facebook and what Facebook gets out of you are very different things . As a MetaFilter commenter once said , "  If you 're not paying for something , you 're not the customer ; you 're the product being sold . " This week , Facebook acquired the hugely popular 2-year-old photo-sharing site Instagram , paying an astounding $ 1 billion . Even though it was available only on Apple devices until last week , Instagram has attracted 30 million users who upload about 5 millions photos every day . With its filters and other features , Instagram helped make amateur photography a lot better-looking . Aside from picking up a bunch of snap-happy users who 'll push their Instagram photos to their Facebook timelines , what is it that Facebook really gets from its big purchase ? After all , Facebook already has smart ways to display pictures , and users are uploading 250 million of them each day . So it 's not more pictures that Facebook needs . Sure , the deal will help Facebook get a hook in the mobile market . That 's important because Apple has n't made it easy for Facebook to move its empire onto smart phones despite a fairly snazzy app . Facebook only has to look at the numbers to know that more and more people are doing what Steve Jobs once referred to as "  interpersonal computing " on their handheld devices . That 's all good stuff for Facebook . But there 's something Facebook gets from buying Instagram that could be even more valuable in the long run . When you are the product , Facebook needs to sell you to somebody ; namely , the advertisers . It 's a pretty straightforward transaction : Someone pays Facebook and uses the copious and detailed information that Facebook has gathered about you to stick a targeted message into the "  sponsored " message area of your screen when you log in to your account . The problem is that right now , most of those ads feel like spam , or at least slightly improved versions of those horrifying ads for miracle creams and belly fat reduction that have been all over Internet . To help make those ads more interesting , Facebook has come up with something it calls "  Sponsored Stories . " You may have seen them show up . They 're your friends ' posts being repurposed as ads and placed straight into the sponsored section of your Facebook page . Posts as ads may sound scary , but in a world where we 're constantly being bombarded with advertisements , there 's something almost comforting in knowing that your friends are slowly becoming a more powerful tool for advertising than many of those million-dollar ad agencies pushing Budweiser or insurance policies at you . Certainly , you 're more likely to care more about the endorsements of your friends than any celebrity , even if it 's Angelina Jolie . But so far , most of those "  Sponsored Stories " are primarily made from words . With only a tiny bit of space for a sponsored ad , a picture can be worth a thousand words . And here comes Instagram 's role : By allowing people to push their images straight into their Facebook feeds  and straight out again as a commercial  , Facebook has a unique powerful tool for integrating images in a way that were only dreamed of before . How would it work ? Imagine that I take a picture of a new Fiat 500 through Instagram and posted it to my Facebook timeline along with my text . "  Just saw the new FIAT 500 . Looks cool !  Like !  " Facebook will want to sell that post back to Fiat as something the car company can promote on my friends ' pages . Turning that image into an advertisement means that my endorsement stays on my friends ' pages long after the original post has been topped by other updates . Because Facebook usually gets paid only if someone clicks on an ad , this kind of advertisement works to its advantage , since it is way more personal , is way less spammy and adds genuine value to your experience .  "  Andrew is into Fiats ? I 'll have to call him up when I buy mine . " Like it or not , brands are something that have been deeply integrated into the fabric of our lives  as has Facebook  . Facebook 's success proves that most of us do n't mind sharing our lives directly with our friends . After all , it 's a less lonely life when you know that your friends have something to say about everything you do . By using Instagram 's images to sell that feeling of personal connection directly to advertisers , founder Mark Zuckerberg can grow Facebook 's ad revenue while creating a marketing experience that seems more personal and seamless to the users . For a company that 's about to go public and already competing head to head against brilliant , powerful businesses like Apple and Google , adding the power of images to its mix of personal stories and marketing seems like a smart move . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Mayer .	Facebook acquired the popular photo-sharing site Instagram for $ 1 billion Andrew Mayer : Deal will gain Facebook users and a stronger hook in the mobile market He says the real use of Instagram is to help Facebook grow its advertising revenue Mayer : It 's a smart move for Facebook to try to create a more personal marketing experience
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A helicopter crashed in the outskirts of Nairobi on Sunday , killing the Kenyan internal security minister -- a man who once served as vice president and was a presidential contender in an upcoming election . Security minister George Saitoti , 66 , was one of the most visible figures in the nation 's politics . He was aboard the flight with five others , who also died in the crash : his deputy minister Orwa Ojode , two pilots and two bodyguards , President Mwai Kibaki said . "  The deaths of the six Kenyans is a devastating loss to our country , " the president said in a statement . "  Minister Saitoti will forever be remembered as a hardworking and determined public servant who dedicated his time to the service of the Kenyan people . " Saitoti , an American-trained economist and mathematician , also worked for the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund . He served in various other positions , including minister of education . As security minister , he was among key officials who oversaw the incursion of Kenyan forces into neighboring Somalia to battle the terror group , Al-Shabaab . Kenyan trooops have been fighting the Somali-based terror group since late last year . "  It 's a sad day for Kenya , " said Najib Balala , a former minister , who blamed the crash on old helicopters used by government officials . "  We could have avoided this accident with better equipment . " The crash occurred in the Ngong hills on the outskirts of Nairobi . CNN 's Ash Gallagher and Faith Karimi contributed to this report	George Saitoti , a former vice president , served as the internal security minister The crash also killed his deputy , bodyguards and a pilot The accident took place in the Ngong hills , on the outskirts of the Kenyan capital
New York  CNN  -- A sightseeing ride in the skies over New York City turned into a whole different kind of adventure on Sunday when the helicopter made an emergency landing in the Hudson River . The pilot and the four tourists on board were rescued and are OK , according to police on the scene . The tourists included two adults and two children , all from Sweden , CNN affiliate WCBS reported . Four people were taken to the hospital to be treated for minor injuries , the New York City Fire Department said . One person refused further medical attention after being checked out at the scene . The chopper landed in the water around noon and was floating upright , the Federal Aviation Administration said . "  We lost power , " said the pilot , who would not give his name or further details . The helicopter hit the water near 79th Street , the New York Fire Department said . The chopper was drifting south , fire officials said . A vessel picked it up to tow it back to land . CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire department : Four people were taken to the hospital to be treated for minor injuries Two adults and two children from Sweden were on board , CNN affiliate WCBS reports . The pilot and all four occupants are OK , police say The helicopter lost power , the pilot says
CNN  -- A 30-year-old Michigan doctor who has been missing for almost a month was accused in September of stalking gospel artist Marvin Sapp , court records show . Teleka Patrick failed to show up for work in Kalamazoo on December 6 . The night before , police 100 miles south in Indiana found her car abandoned in a ditch off busy Interstate 94 . Sapp , who has been nominated for eight Grammys , filed a personal protection order against her , in which he complains that Patrick "  has claimed him as her husband , had moved from California to Michigan , joined his church , had contacted his children and had been to his home . "  I have at least 400 pages of correspondence from her which I have never responded , " his complaint reads . Patrick 's family recognized that questions have arisen regarding the missing woman 's mental health , but said the focus must remain on finding her . "  We are aware of media reports that are beginning to focus on Teleka 's mental health , and while we encourage the pursuit of honest journalism and truth , we will not take part in sensationalizing Teleka 's disappearance , " the family said in a statement on Facebook . "  We believe that she has met with foul play and wholeheartedly believe that she is in danger , " the statement said . So far , investigators have little evidence in the missing person case . Two home videos uploaded to YouTube feature Patrick talking , cooing and singing to someone unnamed and apparently unknown . Patrick 's mother told CNN she was n't aware of any romantic relationship her daughter may have had . But the videos have an intimate feel to them . "  Hi , baby , " Patrick says in one . "  I am just coming to you to say ` hi ' and tell you about my day . " In another video , Patrick shows a table set for two with omelets and pancakes . "  If you were here , this is what would be your plate , " she coos . The two videos were posted in early November . A third video to surface came from a local hotel in Kalamazoo . That 's where Patrick went the night of December 5 , just hours before police found her car in the ditch in Indiana . Videos raise more questions about missing doctor At a little past 7:30 p.m. , Patrick , dressed all in black , showed up at a Radisson hotel not far from the hospital where she worked . She spent around 10 minutes talking with employees at the reception desk but ultimately left . There 's no audio on the video , and it 's not clear why Patrick failed to book a room . But at 7:48 p.m. , she strode across the hotel 's tiled floors , out the door and onto a hotel shuttle bus . Those images provide the last known picture of Patrick . Her family says Patrick , who had just moved to Michigan , bought a plane ticket to come visit them for the holidays in Florida . Her colleagues called her "  part of our family of medical professionals . " Investigators have said they have no evidence of foul play , but they also do n't have conclusive evidence that Patrick 's movements on December 5 were voluntary . Police brought out dogs to track Patrick 's scent . They led investigators the 30 or so feet out of the ditch where Patrick 's car rested to the highway . There , the trace went cold .	Court records show Marvin Sapp filed a personal protection order against Teleka Patrick Patrick was last seen a month ago on surveillance video ; her car was found in a ditch Patrick 's family said she had a plane ticket to come visit them for the holidays in Florida
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Just as Mitt Romney secured the Republican nomination , President Obama launched his presidential campaign with a weeklong celebration of his foreign policy accomplishments . He and others in his administration blanketed the airwaves to discuss the first anniversary of Osama bin Laden 's death , and the president made a surprise trip to Afghanistan to boast that he had fulfilled his promises . The president 's campaign team rolled out a controversial ad that praised Obama for having made the decision to raid bin Laden 's compound and went so far as to raise questions about whether Romney would have done the same . "  Which path would Mitt Romney have taken ? " reads the screen , followed by quotations and news stories about Romney criticizing the hunt for bin Laden . Only two election cycles after the GOP hammered away at Democrats for being weak on defense and incapable of handling the challenges of the post-9 / 11 era , Democrats in the White House are feeling confident enough to present their candidate as the person who has the more muscular foreign policy and the person who has made America safe . There are many reasons to feel this way . As Washington Post columnist E.J. Dionne noted , "  The polls could hardly be clearer , " with 53 % of Americans polled reporting they feel more trust in Obama than Romney in dealing with international relations . But the temptations to pound on this theme should not obscure the serious challenges the president faces in taking this path . Though Romney remains vulnerable on national security given his minimal foreign policy record and the fact that Republicans are still saddled by some of the most controversial parts of George W. Bush 's foreign policy record , namely Iraq , Democrats face significant risks if this becomes a central strategy . The first risk is that historically foreign policy is incredibly fickle . New crises can transform the politics of an issue within months , if not days , as the Arab Spring revealed . Many presidents have seen their national security advantage disappear quickly . In 1952 , President Harry Truman and the Democratic candidate Adlai Stevenson watched Republicans turn the stalemate in Korea , which followed the fall of China to communism in 1949 , into a theme that undercut the political benefits from FDR 's historic victory against fascism in 1945 . John F. Kennedy saw how his resolution to the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962 helped Democrats hold on to their seats in the midterm elections , at a time when the GOP had been planning to highlight the president 's failed policies in Cuba . In 2003 , President George W. Bush experienced this turnaround as well . After quick triumphs in Afghanistan and Iraq , his speech in front of a "  Mission Accomplished " banner turned into a sign of weakness when the postwar battles proved difficult . Although Bush won re-election in 2004 , the turn of events would severely undercut his popular standing throughout his second term . Last week provided more examples : A few hours after President Obama 's visit to Afghanistan , bombs went off in Kabul . The diplomatic incident with the Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng turned from a deftly handled situation into an embarrassing , and apparently botched , process . And this weekend 's elections in Greece and France have created great uncertainty about their austerity plans and , as a result , will likely result in turbulence in international stock markets . Other presidents have learned about the second challenge of playing the national security card , namely that in economically bad times , boasting about foreign policy can make a president look as if he is avoiding the real issues . Nowhere was this clearer than with George H.W. Bush , who in 1991 , after the decisive defeat of Saddam Hussein in Operation Desert Storm , seemed invincible . "  The number of people who do n't like George Bush , " Newt Gingrich joked , "  is almost down to the number of people running for the Democratic nomination . " But as the recession worsened , Bush 's desire to play up his foreign policy accomplishments made him look evasive and as if he did n't care much about domestic policy . Bill Clinton capitalized on this vulnerability with his campaign about economic policy . Bush went down to defeat . The third vulnerability is the fact that foreign policy has been notoriously messy in the post-Cold War world . The kind of clarity that foreign policy had during the Cold War , with a clear enemy and clear areas of competition , has been gone since the 1980s . That has been replaced by a world of foreign policy defined by amorphous terrorist networks , rogue states whose loyalties are constantly shifting and ethnic warfare in which it is difficult to distinguish the good from the bad . President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore learned how difficult it was to develop political capital in this world of foreign policy . Despite a significant victory in Kosovo , where American air power helped bring down Serbia 's Slobodan Milosevic , foreign policy success did little for Al Gore when he ran against Bush in 2000 . The final danger is that President Obama could turn off some of the loyal supporters who he will need to energize to come out to vote , to organize and give money to his campaign , if the polls showing a close contest are to be believed . If Obama sounds too much like a hawk and engages in the kind of predictable national security scare tactics that other politicians , including his predecessor , used , he will further erode the image he held in 2008 of being a candidate who sought to raise public policy debates to a higher level . All these are reasons for the White House to think carefully about whether the campaign theme rolled out in the past week should be central in the coming months . While the temptations are immense for a commander in chief who has enjoyed success to use that record as a battering ram against his opponents , the politics of national security are trickier than they seem . Very often , those who are lured into making war and peace the message of their campaign find that the decision comes back to haunt them in November . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Focusing a presidential campaign on foreign policy is a risky gambit New crises can transform the politics of an issue within months , if not days , says Zelizer Fifty-three percent of Americans say they trust Obama more than Romney with foreign relations Still , the Obama campaign may want to rethink its current campaign , Zelizer says
CNN  -- Five bodies were found Saturday in a burned-out vehicle in the southern Arizona desert , Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu said . Border Patrol officers originally spotted the white Ford Excursion around 4:30 a.m. off the side of Interstate 8 in western Pinal County , about 60 miles south of Phoenix . When the agent turned around , the SUV "  fled at high rates of speed , " Babeu told CNN . Aided by daylight , authorities spotted "  numerous tracks off the road " and followed them for two to three miles before coming across a smoldering vehicle . "  That 's when the Border Patrol agents went up to the vehicle with fire extinguishers and realized there were bodies inside , clearly deceased , " the sheriff said . None of the five killed was in the SUV 's front seat . One was in the second row and the other four bodies were found "  laying down flat in the cargo area , " Babeu said . A cause of death for the victims , who have not been identified , is not yet known . The charred vehicle was the same make and model as the one spotted by the Border Patrol agent hours earlier . Authorities are investigating whether the bodies found are linked to violence by Mexican drug cartels . The incident took place in the Vekol Valley , a hotbed of drug - and human-smuggling activity , according to Babeu , who said his department conducted 350 high-speed chases in the area last year in an effort to curb such crime . "  It looks like it 's a cartel hit , where they exact revenge on people , " the sheriff said , calling a drug connection "  very likely " while noting there 's been no definitive conclusion yet . "  It happens all the time in Mexico ; our fear and concern is that this violence is spilling over deep into the heart of Arizona . " CNN 's Don Lemon and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Border Patrol saw the SUV at 4:30 a.m. , then it fled off road , a sheriff says NEW : The victims "  were clearly deceased " when agents approached , he adds 4 of them were found "  laying down flat " in the cargo section of the vehicle The SUV was found in an area known as a hotbed for drug activity
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It is still remembered as one of the worst days in the history of modern sailing . The Fastnet race still remains one of the biggest events in the yachting calendar . Yet the Fastnet tragedy of 1979 in which 15 people were killed and ex-British leader Edward Heath went missing helped to usher in a new era of improved safety in the sport . It was 30 years ago today that a freak storm struck over 300 vessels competing in the 600-mile yacht race between England and Ireland . Mountainous seas and vicious high winds sunk or put out of action 25 boats . The British rescue attempt turned into an international effort with a Dutch warship and trawlers from France also joining the search . In spite of the biggest rescue operation launched by the UK authorities since the Second World War a total of 15 people died . Some of them drowned and others succumbed to hypothermia . Six of those lost went missing after their safety harnesses broke . "  It was a catastrophic event that had far-reaching consequences for the sport , the biggest of which was in the design and safety of the boats , " Rodger Witt , editor of the UK-based magazine Sailing Today told CNN . "  Most people in the sailing community at the time knew someone who was involved in one way or another . I had a friend who lost his father . It was devastating . " In total 69 yachts did not finish the race . The former British prime minister , Edward Heath disappeared at the height of the storm , though he later returned to shore safe from harm . The corrected-time winner of the race was the yacht "  Tenacious " , owned and skippered by Ted Turner , the founder of CNN . Witt said that in the aftermath of the disaster the rules governing racing were tightened to ensure boats carried more ballast . Improvements were also made to the safety harnesses that tied crewmen to their boats , many of which proved ineffective in the tragedy . It also became mandatory for all yachts to be fitted with radio communication equipment and all competitors were expected to hold sailing qualifications to take part . At the time of the tragedy the Fastnet race was the last in a series of five races which made up the Admiral 's Cup competition , the world championship of yacht racing . Competitors from around the globe attempted the route which sets off from the Isle of Wight , off the English south coast , and rounds the Fastnet rock on the southeast coast of Ireland . Roger Ware was in charge of handling press for the event on behalf of the organizers , the Royal Ocean Racing Club . Ware said that even today the tragedy "  still spooks me . " The racers set off on a Saturday but it was n't till three days later that the authorities in the English coastal town of Plymouth realized there was a problem . The press team was based at the Duke of Cornwall hotel in Plymouth and early Tuesday morning Ware got a call from his superiors to go to the hotel immediately in order to field calls from journalists . "  The night before we 'd noticed high winds but there 'd been no forecast of bad weather so we did n't think much of it , " Ware told CNN . "  As the morning progressed though , we heard that more and more boats were missing . It became obvious a tragedy was unfolding . " Ware said the worst part for him was fielding calls from concerned relatives . "  The Royal Ocean Racing Club headquarters was overloaded so calls were getting transferred to the press team . "  I found myself talking to a woman whose husband I knew was in one of the boats where there 'd been fatalities . I could n't give her the information she wanted and to this day I still think about that telephone call . "	The 1979 Fastnet race ended in tragedy after a freak storm hit competitors In all 15 people died and the ex-British leader Edward Heath went missing for a time The disaster resulted in a raft of new safety rules introduced into the sport
New York  CNN  -- Printed on the back of "  the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy " are the words "  Do n't Panic . " And it is just this sentiment that Congress needs to internalize now that we have a decision from the Supreme Court in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission . As expected , the court of Chief Justice John Roberts took a decidedly regressive tack on campaign financing limits and granted corporations the same speech rights enjoyed by living , breathing persons . This is a bad decision . Gone are the ban on the use of corporate treasury funds in federal elections and the requirement that corporations use political action committees to advocate for a candidate . Corporations can now dip into their deep treasuries to spend on politics . Corporate money may now be infused into elections in ways we can only begin to imagine . For Congress , this ruling comes in the runup to important midterm elections in 2010 . The rules of the fundraising game have changed radically . With key issues like health care , climate change and regulation of the financial sector in play , the impulse for managers to pull out the corporate checkbook in an attempt to influence Congress will be great . Not only are we likely to see money pouring into ads supporting key House and Senate committee members to curry favor , we are likely to see it flowing to ads supporting potential challengers as a way of threatening sitting lawmakers with ouster . But there can be sound policy responses to this change in the legal landscape . The key now is for members of Congress to not panic and take a moment to consider the possible options . Adding corporate money into politics is like setting a brush fire . If the fire is contained and managed , it wo n't do much damage to the political culture . If it gets out of control , a whole territory can go up in flames . One possible policy response to Citizens United -- significantly raising federal contribution limits for individuals and parties -- would be like adding fuel to the brush fire , turning it into a conflagration . Increased corporate money may encourage congressional and presidential races to turn into unprecedented arms races for funds . In the 2008 federal election , individual giving topped corporate PAC funding , but in the wake of the Citizens United decision , this ratio could flip in 2010 . Corporate money could dwarf -- by many multiples -- dollars spent by individuals in every future American election . This would inevitably damage public trust in our system and open the door to the corruption that money can bring to politics . The Citizens United decision calls for thoughtful firebreaks to keep billions in corporate money from sweeping into our elections , to slow the progress of the corporate money wildfire . One immediate firebreak would be to change the securities laws to allow shareholders authority and oversight over corporate political spending . After Citizens United , corporate managers are free to spend corporate treasury money on politics without the knowledge or consent of their shareholders . The new law can be modeled on one from our peers in Britain , who since 2000 have required shareholder authorization for political spending by British companies . The U.K. also requires British companies to report political spending to shareholders in annual reports . Adopting this system in the U.S. would give shareholders a way to check such spending of corporate managers . Another , and perhaps the best available solution , is public financing for congressional elections . Under the proposed Fair Elections Now Act , sponsored by John Larson , D-Connecticut , in the House and Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , in the Senate , candidates for Congress who qualified after demonstrating some amount of constituent financial support would receive public grants to run a campaign . Candidates would have an alternative to privately funded elections . So instead of being beholden to large individual donors or large corporate donors , congressional candidates could be un-bought and un-bossed . Combined , these two approaches wo n't stop corporate money in politics completely the way the previous ban did ; but they would create protections to keep the corporate money brush fire contained rather than turning it into an out-of-control wildfire threatening the integrity of our democratic system . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ciara Torres-Spelliscy	Ciara Torres-Spelliscy : Supreme Court ruling loosening campaign finance limits is mistake She says it will start firestorm of corporate spending on elections Congress should change laws to give shareholders oversight of donations , she says Torres-Spelliscy says public financing of elections would help push back at ruling
London , England  CNN  -- Whovians across the world can rejoice as the BBC confirms the discovery of nine lost "  Doctor Who " episodes from the 1960s in Africa . The treasure-trove of missing episodes were traced to a relay station in Jos , Nigeria via Hong Kong using overseas shipment records by Philip Morris , director of Television International Enterprises Archive . "  I remember wiping the dust off the masking tape on the canisters and my heart missed a beat as I saw the words ` Doctor Who , ' " said Morris . "  When I read the story code I realized I 'd found something pretty special . " Ending weeks of speculation , the announcement was made at a press screening in London Thursday attended by former companion actors Frazer Hines , Deborah Watling -- who appeared in the recovered episodes -- and Mark Gatiss , who has both written and acted in the show in recent years . The lost black and white stories are episodes from "  The Enemy of the World " and "  The Web of Fear " featuring Patrick Troughton as the second iteration of the time-traveling Doctor . The "  Web of Fear " -- first broadcast in 1968 -- sees the eccentric chrononaut battling robot yetis on the London Underground and was also the first appearance of Nicholas Courtney as Colonel Lethbridge-Stewart . While introducing the episode in front of around 70 excited reporters Gatiss said : "  It 's the quintessential ` Doctor Who ' story ... the most British thing you could ever imagine . " During the 1960s it was common practice by television companies to erase videotapes of original episodes much to the dismay of fans today . Yet some classic installments were distributed internationally for foreign broadcasters to purchase . In 2011 , two episodes were rediscovered by former TV engineer Terry Burnett after he bought them at a school fair . Morris described the newly materialized episodes as "  the largest haul of missing episodes recovered in the last 25 , maybe 30 years " and now brings down the number of remaining lost episodes to 97 . The find is a fitting gift for fans of the long-running show as the British cult science-fiction series celebrates its 50th anniversary on November 23 . Inez Torre contributed to this report .	Nine lost "  Doctor Who " episodes from the 1960s have been found in Africa The rediscovered episodes feature Patrick Troughton as the second doctor The long-running science-fiction show celebrates 50th anniversary in November
CNN  -- Thousands of government supporters demonstrated in at least five Shiite provinces in southern Iraq on Tuesday , opposing protests by thousands of people in mainly Sunni provinces that have gone on for more than two weeks . The demonstrations highlight the country 's sectarian tensions . The Shiite demonstrations took place in Basra , Diwaniyah , Karbala , Al-Muthana and Babil provinces . Demonstrators carried banners reading , "  Yes , yes to al-Maliki implementing the constitution " and "  No to canceling accountability and justice law , " referring to Baathists and opposing protesters ' demands in Sunni provinces like Anbar and Salaheddin . Protesters chanted , "  No to sectarianism , no to dividing Iraq , yes to national unity . " Some carried Iraqi flags and posters of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who is a Shiite . Others carried photographs of relatives who they said were killed in attacks by terrorist groups such as al Qaeda in Iraq . Parts of the demonstrations were broadcast on Afaq satellite television , which al-Maliki owns . Hundreds of pro-government demonstrators took to the streets in Diwaniya province , about 160 kilometers  100 miles  south of Baghdad . There , Shiite cleric Qassim al-Moussawi told the protesters that behind this crisis are "  America and Israel " as well as "  Turkey , Saudi Arabia and Qatar . " "  No to the return of the Baath party and their loyalists , no to the return of mass graves , " he shouted . "  We reject dividing Iraq into three regions : Sunni , Shiite and Kurd . " Al-Moussawi also called for a comprehensive dialogue among all political parties to achieve stability in Iraq . The Shiite demonstrations came after ongoing demonstrations in predominantly Sunni provinces inflamed by the arrest of several guards of Sunni Finance Minister Rafei al-Essawi . Tens of thousands of demonstrators have protested for more than two weeks , demanding that the Shiite-led government stop what they call second-class treatment of Iraq 's Sunni community . They also are demanding the release of detainees they said were held without charges , calling the government corrupt and accusing it of unfairly targeting Iraq 's Sunni people . Sunnis largely boycotted Iraq 's 2005 elections , leading to the emergence of a Shiite-led government . The move left the once-ruling minority disaffected , which contributed to years of bloody insurgency and sectarian warfare . The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq is closely following the demonstrations , according to a statement released Tuesday . The group supports the political and human rights of all Iraqis , as well their social , cultural and economic rights , in the framework of the rule of law . The protesters have voiced grievances they see as violations of their human rights . The government has acknowledged that peaceful protest is a constitutionally guaranteed right of all Iraqis . "  We call on the protesters to refrain from violence and to maintain the peaceful character of their demonstrations , and on the security forces to show the utmost restraint in maintaining law and order , " said Martin Kobler , the special representative of the United Nations secretary-general . Kobler said that all sides should engage without delay in a peaceful and constructive dialogue in accordance with the Iraqi Constitution and law .	Shiites demonstrated in Basra , Diwaniyah , Karbala , Al-Muthana and Babil provinces They supported Iraqi government and prime minister , opposed sectarianism Protests were in response to those of Sunnis , who say government is biased
CNN  -- Canadian police arrested three people Sunday in connection with a daring helicopter escape from a Quebec prison . Benjamin Hudon-Barbeau , one of two escaped inmates is in custody , along with two other people , said Quebec provincial police spokesman Benoit Richard . Dany Provencal , the second inmate , is "  surrounded , " and authorities are negotiating to bring him in peacefully , he said . "  I can tell you one thing : The two people that were inside the jail needed help to get out , " Richard told CNN . The spokesman declined to identify the other two people arrested . He also declined to say where the arrests took place , under what circumstances , or where Provencal was located . The three people arrested will appear in court Monday morning . The escape happened at around 2:20 p.m. ET Sunday at a prison in Saint-Jerome , northwest of Montreal . The pilot was taken to a hospital for examination and will be interviewed by investigators , Richard said . He did not know whether the pilot had been injured and declined to speculate on news reports that said the inmates held a gun to the pilot 's head , forcing him to fly . Richard told CNN the pilot is considered a witness , not a suspect . Hudon-Barbeau was cleared on appeal of a double murder , but returned to prison in connection with an attempted murder investigation , the spokesman said . He said he did not know what Provencal was convicted of . Christa McGregor , spokeswoman for the Correctional Service of Canada , said Provencal was serving a federal sentence of seven years and 10 months for various offenses including arson , break and enter , forcible confinement , unauthorized possession of a firearm , utter threats to cause harm and dangerous operation of a motor vehicle . His sentence started in September 2011 , she said . After the escape , a man claiming to be Hudon-Barbeau spoke to a reporter at 98.5 FM in Montreal , by phone . "  I do n't want to cause any harm to anybody . I am not a killer . I never did anything bad to an innocent . I know that  the escape  was n't the best thing to do , but I did n't want to stay in prison anymore . I am ready to die , " the station reported he said . It also reported that the helicopter involved approached the prison and dropped a cable that allowed the inmates to escape . The helicopter was later found at Mont-Tremblant , also in Quebec . Once the helicopter landed , Hudon-Barbeau and Provencal are believed to have left in a car . Authorities were looking for that car , but Richard declined to provide a description of it . After the arrests , he said he did n't know whether the vehicle had been found . Officials were doing a headcount at the prison to make sure that no one else was unaccounted for , the spokesman said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt reported from New York . Dana Ford wrote this report from Atlanta . CNN 's Paula Newton and Alexander Hunter also contributed to this report .	Authorities are negotiating with escaped inmate Dany Provencal Benjamin Hudon-Barbeau , another inmate , is arrested , along with two other people The inmates escaped from a Quebec prison in a helicopter The pilot of the helicopter was taken to a hospital ; he is not considered a suspect
Washington  CNN  -- Fearlessly demonstrating the majesty of U.S. justice or acquiescing to terrorists by giving them undeserved rights and a public platform ? The decision to bring Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , admitted mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , and four other suspects to a New York courtroom , rather than a military tribunal , was described in stark contrasts Sunday by officials on opposing sides of the political spectrum . Democrats hailed Attorney General Eric Holder 's decision to try the men in a civilian court as a demonstration of America 's might and moral certainty , while Republicans called it a bad idea based on politics rather than pragmatism . "  We have a judicial system that 's the envy of the world , " Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " "  I do n't think we should run and hide and cower . Let 's use our system . " But Republican Sen. Judd Gregg of New Hampshire , speaking on the CNN program "  State of the Union , " questioned why foreigners who allegedly are terrorists at war with the United States should be given full judicial rights of U.S. citizens . "  These people are evil people , " Gregg said of the defendants . "  They represent a cause which wants to destroy this nation . If they have the opportunity and were to get free , they would try to destroy this country . There 's no reason we should have them in the criminal justice system . " Former New York Major Rudy Giuliani , considered a possible GOP presidential candidate in 2012 , called military tribunals created for terrorism suspects who have been held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , a better option than a civilian court . Military tribunals are "  a better choice for the government , " Giuliani said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  This choice of New York is a better choice for the terrorists . Why would you seek to give the terrorists a better choice than you 're giving the public ? " In a separate interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Giuliani said a New York court trial would cause unnecessary stress and expense for the city 's police force . "  Anyone that tells you that this does n't create additional security problems , of course , is n't telling you the truth , " Giuliani said . "  And the best indication of it is , just look at the additional security that 's going to be employed when this happens . That also happens to cost millions and millions and millions of dollars . " Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , warned that bringing the suspects to New York raised the risk of further attacks on the United States . "  Why move them into the United States while we are still under the threat from radical jihadists ? " Hoekstra asked on the CBS program . However , Democratic Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island said on "  Fox News Sunday " that scores of terrorism suspects were successfully prosecuted in civilian courts under the Bush Administration . "  What was a statesmanlike decision by the Bush administration ca n't be a political decision by this administration , " Reed said . Holder announced the decision on the trial Friday . He said he expected all five suspects to be tried together and for prosecutors to seek the death penalty . The trial would be open to the public , although some portions that deal with classified information may be closed , Holder said .	Democrats : Decision is a demonstration of America 's might and moral certainty Military tribunals would have been better choice , says ex-N.Y. mayor Giuliani Rep. Peter Hoekstra , R-Michigan : Bringing suspects into U.S. raises threat of attacks Sen. Jack Reed , D-Rhode Island : Prosecuting terrorism suspects in civilian courts not new
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A federal judge on Tuesday approved the extradition of former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega to France , where he faces a 10-year sentence on a conviction in absentia on money-laundering charges . Manuel Noriega , in a 1989 file photo , leaves his headquarters in Panama City , Panama . Magistrate William Turnoff agreed with the government 's case for extraditing Noriega to France and issued a "  certificate of extradability . " Noriega 's lawyer , Frank Rubino , said he would continue to fight the extradition . He had said Noriega hoped to return to Panama to be closer to his family . The issue has emerged because Noriega is scheduled to complete his Florida prison term on September 9 . The former Panamanian strongman was captured in the 1989 U.S. military invasion of Panama and was convicted in 1992 of racketeering for accepting bribes to allow drugs to be shipped through Panama destined for the United States . His attorneys had argued that his status as a prisoner of war meant he should be returned to Panama , but a separate court ruling last Friday rejected that argument . "  This court never intended for the proclamation of defendant as a POW to shield him from all future prosecutions for serious crimes he is alleged to have committed , " Senior U.S. District Judge William Hoeveler wrote in Friday 's 12-page opinion . "  It appears that the extradition proceedings should proceed uninterrupted . " Hoeveler noted that Noriega "  has not always sought repatriation , " and had , at one time , asked to be allowed to go to a third country . Noriega also faces possible prison time in Panama , where he is accused of kidnapping , extortion and the murder of political opponents . Though the charges are more serious , if the 69-year-old Noriega is convicted of murder , he would likely serve much of his sentence under home detention in Panama . Panamanian law provides home detention for anyone 74 years old or older . The Panamanian constitution would also forbid his extradition to France . Next month , Noriega will have served nearly 17 1/2 years of an original 40-year sentence in the United States . The sentence was later reduced to 30 years , and further shortened for good behavior . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Patrick Oppmann in Miami and Jim Bittermann in Paris contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge issues "  certificate of extraditability " ; Noriega 's lawyer vows to fight France wants him extradited to serve a money-laundering sentence Ex-Panamanian dictator is set to get out of federal prison September 9 Lawyers have argued he should be returned to Panama
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Some Florida amusement park visitors may enjoy space-themed roller-coasters , but the first vehicle they board at Orlando International Airport may be the most futuristic ride of their vacation . Four hydrogen shuttle buses are part of the fleet at the Orlando International Airport . The airport is testing four Ford shuttle vans equipped with internal combustion engines modified to run on hydrogen instead of gasoline . "  It 's quiet , it does n't shake like diesel , it does n't have that diesel smell , " said Rafael Sanchez , who has been driving the vans for a year . The quieter engine makes conversation inside the bus easier than in conventional vehicles . "  Hydrogen is one of the many technologies we are exploring , trying to become more of a green airport , " said Ronald Lewis , director of airport operations . Vehicles powered with hydrogen engines are different from the many vehicles across the nation that run with the help of hydrogen fuel cells -- which are the gold standard of green machines . The use of hydrogen in internal combustion engines is far less efficient than in the fuel cells . The modified engines aboard the Ford E-450 shuttle buses are 6.8 liter V-10s . The airport 's fleet also includes three gas-electric hybrid vehicles and 24 biodiesel buses . The facility also powers its maintenance equipment -- such as lawnmowers and tractors -- with biodiesel . But like many experiments with alternative fuels , the price is very high and the long-term outcome is unknown . Proponents of hydrogen technology have long had a chicken-and-egg dilemma over whether to build million-dollar fueling facilities or to wait until more vehicles are in use . Energy companies are reluctant to pour money into expensive fueling stations without a lot of hydrogen vehicles around , but consumers are not likely to buy a vehicle without adequate places to fill up . "  It is clear nothing is going to displace gasoline or diesel for 20 , 30 , maybe 40 years , " said John Lapetz , who has been working on alternative fuels at Ford for more than 20 years . The Orlando project has several goals : To get average consumers acquainted with hydrogen and to acquire data on the buses ' performance in a setting where they are in use almost nonstop . Lapetz said it 's an effort to use a technology that customers take for granted  the internal combustion engine  , while preparing for the day when drivers can complete the divorce from fossil fuels . At the Boggy Creek Hydrogen Fueling Station in Orlando , the hydrogen is produced on-site . "  We are doing a process called steam methane re-forming , which is natural gas to hydrogen , " said Puneet Verma , manager of biofuels and hydrogen at Chevron Technology Ventures , one of the players involved in the project . During a careful fueling process , technicians check for leaks of the highly flammable hydrogen -- leaks both in the bus and the fuel pump . Because a fossil fuel , methane , is used to make the hydrogen , the buses are about 12 percent cleaner than gasoline or diesel when their entire carbon footprint is measured . "  We view the hydrogen efforts as a technical success , " said Verma . "  This is the first time we have been able to demonstrate actual production of hydrogen at the station . It 's not necessarily an economic success yet . " "  The ultimate goal is hydrogen fuel cell cars , " Verma said . "  The hydrogen internal combustion engine buses are much less expensive to manufacture , but they consume a lot more hydrogen . " Verma said the buses are "  valid transition technology " aimed at quickly building significant demand for hydrogen , which would then justify an expensive infrastructure . The hydrogen test project also includes the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority , Ford Motor Company , the Florida Department of Environmental Protection , Progress Energy and SeaWorld . Hydrogen buses began shuttling SeaWorld employees in February from the park 's outer parking lots to their workplaces . "  The environment is really an important part of SeaWorld 's culture here , " said Kelly Bernish , director of environmental health and safety at Busch theme parks SeaWorld , Discovery Cove and Aquatica . Bernish described the venture as another opportunity for "  employees to feel like they can impact the environment by using this kind of vehicle , that will lessen our footprint on the world . " SeaWorld 's Discovery Cove animal training supervisor Jay Tacey said "  somebody has to get the ball rolling . Until somebody takes that first step , there 's always going to be the ` what if ? ' " Airport Operations Director Lewis said being in on the hydrogen experiment early could pay off in the long run . "  We are hopeful that since they built the facility here , the only one in the southeast United States , that there will be a long-term usage for it . "	Orlando airport tests cleaner hydrogen-powered internal combustion engines Smoother , quieter engines require million-dollar fueling stations Testers hope to learn more by gathering data from nonstop shuttle usage Hydrogen engines cheaper than hydrogen fuel cells , but they use more hydrogen
It might be one of the world 's worst polluting energy sources , but coal has allowed South Africa to become the continent 's largest economy , according to the chief executive of the country 's power utility company Eskom . Speaking to CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Eskom 's Brian Dames said coal has been key to fueling South Africa 's economic growth and improving the lives of many in the country . "  We 've been very successful in the use of coal in growing one of the largest economies , in bringing electricity to the majority of South Africans -- we 're absolutely not defensive about it , " said Dames . South Africa gets 86 % of its energy from coal and , despite the criticism that it is bad for the environment -- when burned , coal emits more air pollution and greenhouse gases than other major energy sources -- Dames argued that South Africa will continue to use the natural resource . An edited version of the interview follows below . CNN : Why is coal important for South Africa ? Brian Dames : It 's about energy security first and foremost for us , it 's about affordable energy , it 's about energy access . You would agree with me without those three things there is no economic growth , no poverty alleviation , no job creation in any of our economies . And then it is about , as we do this , how we can do it in a more cleaner manner and at the same time make sure we deal with issues such as job creation -- can we create green jobs -- so we 're very clear as to where we want to go and what the balance is and that commitment is there -- it is there to move towards a lower carbon footprint over time . Read more : Is South Africa addicted to coal ? CNN : What percentage of energy do you get from coal ? BD : It 's more than 80 % , about 86 % of the energy , and it has put us in a position as a company and as a country to really fuel the economic growth in South Africa . That 's why this country has got the largest economy on the African continent , that 's why we operate one of the world 's 10 largest power companies . CNN : Eighty per cent of all your energy comes from coal -- that is dirty energy and South Africa is the biggest producer of coal in the world . Do n't you find that difficult in terms of charting a green future ? BD : No , it is not difficult . We should be quite clear , because South Africa 's emissions is about 1.5 % of global emissions , the continent 's emissions is about 3 % of global emissions , it 's less than 200 times than what 's in the U.S. . What you 're asking us to do is not do that , not have electricity , not have energy security and not have energy access . CNN : I think the reality is Eskom relies heavily on coal , South Africa historically has relied heavily on coal to produce its electricity . Why do you seem a bit defensive about it ? BD : No , we 're not defensive , absolutely not . Coal has been used very successfully and will be used in future in South Africa . It 's a natural resource that we have , we 've been very successful in the use of coal in growing one of the largest economies , in bringing electricity to the majority of South Africans -- we 're absolutely not defensive about it . Banker : Spending on climate change makes good business sense CNN : But it is dirty energy and there is an excess of reliance on coal . BD : It 's not a question of being defensive , it 's a question about the ill-informed , because you want us as a country to be cleaner and not have electricity and energy and that is a problem . CNN : That 's not what I 'm saying , it 's a fact that South Africa relies heavily on coal . BD : It is a fact and successfully have done so . We 've said clearly growth is important , we have said clearly that we 're committed to a low-carbon future over time , so it is not growth at all costs . South Africa has got a very clear path and strategy and is fully committed to deal with that . South Africa has made very clear commitments in terms of its CO2 emissions . South Africa has also made it very clear that it is a developing country that must grow , that we must see the establishment of funding to make sure that it is available for us to do so . We have a clear path as to how we make sure we grow and how we make sure we respond to the needs of the environment and as a country and as company we 're fully committed to that . CNN : Is nuclear still a very big part of your plans ? BD : South Africa has produced a 20-year energy electricity plan and that plan has got an inclusion of nuclear . That plan says , of the additional capacity of the next 20 years , 42 % of it will be renewables , 23 % of it will be nuclear , because we do have requirement for base-load energy . We ca n't stall electricity -- nuclear as a base-load energy option is a viable option for this continent and again , coming back to my previous point , no one option , whether coal or renewables or hydro will solve our energy problems in the future . We need a combination of all of it , and including nuclear for that matter .	Brian Dames is the CEO of South Africa 's power utility company Eskom He argues that coal has allowed SA to become Africa 's biggest economy South Africa is committed "  to move towards a lower carbon footprint over time , " he says
CNN  Either one or two suicide bombers struck outside a stadium Monday in Gombe , Nigeria , after President Goodluck Jonathan ended a campaign rally at the site and had left , officials said . Police said one female bomber detonated explosives , killing herself and another person . But rescuers and medical sources said both women were suspected to be suicide bombers . The number of injuries was also unclear . Fwaje Atajiri of the Gombe Police Command said six people had minor injuries . Rescuers and medical sources reported 18 people injured in a blast were being treated at a hospital . The bomber was "  a long distance " from where the rally had taken place , due to security measures , Atajiri said . Jonathan had left an hour earlier and was already out of the city when the blast occurred , he added . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blast . Gombe , in northeastern Nigeria , is one of the sites that has faced repeated attacks blamed on the militant Islamic group Boko Haram .	There were either one or two female suicide bombers , authorities said President Jonathan had left an hour earlier , police said
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Former NBA star Allen Iverson launched an expletive-ridden tirade against police when a car belonging to him was pulled over for a traffic violation last week , at one point telling the officer , "  Take the vehicle , I have 10 more , " according to a police report . Iverson , 35 , was a passenger in a grey Lamborghini , spied by an Atlanta officer changing lanes without signaling about 6 p.m. on March 30 , according to the police report obtained by CNN . The driver , identified in the report as Antwuan Clisby , could n't produce any documentation for the vehicle , the report said . He then told the officer his passenger needed to leave the vehicle to eat dinner , and the officer said no one was leaving until the investigation was complete . With that , Iverson became "  irate , " according to the police report , saying , "  I 'm the  expletive  passenger . " The officer radioed for backup , and a second unit arrived , according to the report . Clisby and Iverson were asked to exit the vehicle , while Iverson continued to curse at the officer , the report said . When police scanned the identification number of the vehicle , which belongs to Iverson , it was found to have tags that expired in 2009 . Iverson , former MVP for the Philadelphia 76ers , was told his car would be towed . "  Take the vehicle , I have 10 more , " Iverson said , according to the report . "  Police do n't have anything else  expletive  to do except  expletive  with me . " He then asked , "  Do you know who I am ? " The officer wrote in his report that "  For the next 20 minutes , Mr. Iverson went on and on about who he was . I stated to Mr. Iverson , ` It really does n't matter who you are . You tried to conceal your vehicle with a fake drive-out tag due to you not paying for your tags . ' " Find out why LeBron James ' mother was arrested in Miami Iverson then said , "  I make more money than you will in 10 years , " according to the report . Clisby , the driver , asked the officers , "  Would you want to pay $ 10,000 for a tag ? " the report said . The car was towed , and Iverson later "  came back and apologized for disrespecting the police , " according to the police report . "  He stated he was just upset about his car . " Clisby was cited for failure to signal while changing lanes and the expired tag , the report said .	The former NBA star was in a car that was stopped by an officer He told the policeman , "  I make more money than you will in 10 years " Police say Iverson later apologized
CNN  -- Guus Hiddink will replace Louis van Gaal as coach of the Dutch national team after this summer 's World Cup finals in Brazil . The Dutch football association  KNVB  confirmed Hiddink 's appointment will run to the end of Euro 2016 , when assistant coach Danny Blind will take control and lead the bid for qualification to the 2018 World Cup in Russia . Former PSV , Manchester United and Real Madrid striker , Ruud van Nistelrooy will also join the coaching set-up as an assistant . Hiddink was previously Dutch national coach between 1995 and 1998 , leading the ` Oranje ' to the World Cup semifinals in France where it was defeated by Brazil on penalties . Van Gaal revealed last year that he would not be seeking to extend his contract when it expires after this summer 's tournament . Speaking to the KNVB website Hiddink said "  I am honored to return as coach for the Dutch team . With Danny Blind and Ruud van Nistelrooy , we also have a solid team with a lot of football knowledge and experience . "  It is wonderful that I can oversee my own succession . In this way the football vision for the Dutch team in the long term can be guaranteed . " Hiddink 's nomadic managerial career has seen him take control of clubs in Holland , Spain , Turkey , England and Russia , including spells at Real Madrid , Chelsea and PSV Eindhoven . He has also had periods in charge of the Turkish , Australian , Russian and South Korean national teams . Meanwhile , 52-year-old Blind , has been an assistant in the Dutch national setup since van Gaal took charge in 2012 . According to KNVB director Bert van Oostveen , the transition to Blind as head coach in 2016 is a key factor in Holland 's long-term strategy for the national team . "  With Hiddink we get a coach with a wealth of international experience and successes , " he said . "  He has proven his ability as a trainer . "  We are also very pleased with the further development of the technical staff . Blind recently proved his worth at the KNVB . In the next two years he has a chance to grow . "  With Van Nistelrooy , we again add a former international football player to the staff . It goes without saying that we have a lot of faith in this coaching staff . "	Former Chelsea and Real Madrid coach Guus Hiddink announced next manager of Dutch national team Hiddink will take over from Louis van Gaal after 2014 World Cup in Brazil Managerial team to include Danny Blind and Ruud van Nistelrooy
CNN  -- French legend Julien Absalon took his status to new heights when he became the first rider to defend the men 's mountain bike Olympic title . Sabine Spitz of Germany celebrates her victory in the women 's mountain bike on Saturday . Absalon kept the gold in French hands for the third Olympics in a row -- following Miguel Martinez 's victory at Sydney in 2000 -- thanks to a commanding display early in the 36km race which left his rivals trailing . "  The Olympic Games is a massive motivation for every athlete and four years passes quickly , as it has from Athens to Beijing , " said Absalon , who finished well ahead of compatriot Jean-Christophe Peraud with Nino Schurter pipping world champion and Swiss compatriot Christoph Sauser to the bronze medal . A highly-fancied Swiss trio failed to match Absalon 's early pace after he had begun to steadily grind out a lead by the second of the eight scheduled laps . "  It 's great to do the double . It feels totally different  from 2004  , but this just confirms what I achieved in Athens , " added Absalon , who denied that he had made his victory look easy . "  I had as tough a race as everyone else . When I saw the chance to make the break I went for it . After that I really gave it everything I had . " In the women 's 27km mountain bike race , defending champion Gunn-Rita Dahle from Norway was one of several contenders to fall victim to a course that was finally mastered by Germany 's Sabine Spitz . The 36-year-old , who only began racing at the relatively late age of 22 , was determined to improve on her bronze medal in Athens . She started fast and was soon racing on her own to gold ahead of Poland 's Maja Wloszczowska , who finished with the silver ahead of Russian Irina Kalentieva . "  I feel pure joy at what I have finally achieved after so many years of hard work , " said Spitz . "  Winning the gold medal at the Olympic Games is the crowning glory . " The first boxing medals were decided on Saturday with Felix Diaz of the Dominican Republic winning his country 's first ever Olympic boxing title after beating Thailand 's Manus Boonjumnong to take the light-welterweight gold . But Thailand made amends in the flyweight final when Somjit Jongjohor comfortably out-pointing Cuban Andris Laffita 8-2 to claim his first Olympic gold . Vasyl Lomachenko of Ukraine won the featherweight gold medal , capping a spectacular run through the tournament with a first-round stoppage of France 's Khedafi Djelkhir . James Degale of Britain won the middleweight gold medal , upsetting Cuba 's Emilio Correa in a sloppy bout , while Correa failed to emulate his father 's gold medal performance for Cuba in 1972 . Rakhim Chakhkiev of Russia gained revenge on Italy 's world champion Clemente Russo by claiming heavyweight gold . Chakhkiev was beaten by Russo in the final of the world championships . China 's Ma Lin won gold in the men 's singles table tennis tournament , defeating teammate Wang Hao to secure a clean sweep of all gold medals on offer to the host nation . World number two Ma fought off world number one Wang in a scorching final strewn with fast and furious rallies to win 4-1 and cement China 's status as the superpower of the sport . The victory hands China a clean sweep of all six medals in the singles competition , after teammate Wang Liqin removed the last obstacle to the Chinese Wall -- defeating Sweden 's veteran Jorgen Persson for the bronze medal . A goal from Christopher Zeller in the 16th minute gave Germany the men 's field hockey gold medal by defeating Spain 1-0 in the final . Australia took the bronze with a 6-2 win over the Netherlands in the play-off between the losing semifinalists . Australian Matthew Mitcham won the men 's 10m platform diving title to spoil China 's bid for a sweep of all eight diving gold medals . China 's Zhou Luxin settled for silver , while Russia 's Gleb Galperin claimed the bronze medal . Elsewhere , on the penultimate day of competition , Russia won the team event and swept both gold medals in synchronized swimming for the third consecutive Olympics . Russia finished with a combined 99.500 points after Saturday 's free routine . Spain took the silver with 98.251 points and China claimed the bronze with 97.334 . Anastasia Ermakova and Anastasia Davydova already won gold in the duet on Wednesday and were also part of Russia 's eight-woman squad for the team event . Norway 's women 's handball team won their first Olympic gold medal , beating Russia 34-27 in the final . Norway rushed to an 8-1 lead after just eight minutes and remained well ahead for the rest of Saturday 's match . Neither Norway nor Russia has ever won a gold medal in women 's handball . Brazil won their first women 's volleyball gold medal after defeating the United States 25-15 18-25 25-13 25-21 in a hard-fought final . Saturday also saw the remaining six disciplines decided in the canoeing , with Ken Wallace of Australia winning the gold medal in the men 's 500-meter kayak singles . The first-time Olympian won in one minute , 37.252 seconds from Adam van Koeverden of Canada . Briton Tim Brabants took the bronze medal to add to the gold he won in the 1,000 m race . Inna Osypenko-Radomska of Ukraine won gold in the women 's 500-meter kayak singles , just nipping Italy in a tight finish . Osypenko-Radomska 's time of 1:50.673 seconds was enough to just pip Josefa Idem of Italy , with Germany 's Katrin Wagner-Augustin taking bronze . Saul Craviotto and Carlos Perez of Spain won gold medal in the men 's 500-meter kayak doubles , slipping past the defending Olympic champions for victory . Craviotto and Perez clocked 1:28.736 seconds to edge Ronald Rauhe and Tim Wieskotter into silver in a major shock as the German pair have been world champions since 2001 . Raman Piatrushenka and Vadzim Makhneu of Belarus took bronze . Katalin Kovacs and Natasa Janic of Hungary won the gold medal in the women 's 500-meter kayak doubles , successfully defending their Olympic triumph in Athens . The two-time world champions saw off Beata Mikolajczyk and Aneta Konieczna of Poland with the French tandem of Marie Delattre and Anne-Laure Viard taking bronze . Maxim Opalev of Russia took gold medal in the men 's 500-meter canoe singles , giving him his third medal in the last three Olympics and first gold . Opalev took bronze four years ago in the Athens Games and silver in Sydney . David Cal of Spain won his second silver medal in two days , after also finishing second in the 1,000 m. Iurii Cheban of Ukraine took the bronze medal . Meng Guanliang and Yang Wenjun of China took gold in the men 's 500-meter canoe doubles , successfully defending their Olympic triumph in Athens . Sergey Ulegin and Alexander Kostoglod of Russia won silver while the German pair of Christian Gille and Thomasz Wylenzek took bronze . Mexico 's Maria del Rosario Espinoza won the gold medal in the women 's 67kg taekwondo category . Espinoza , the 2007 world champion , easily defeated Norway 's Nina Solheim on points after going ahead in the first round and never falling behind . Winning bronze were Britain 's Sarah Stevenson , who defeated Egypt 's Noha Abd Rabo , and Brazil 's Natalia Falavigna , who outscored Sweden 's Karolina Kedzierska . Russia 's Evgeniya Kanaeva won gold in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around competition , posting the highest score in all four rotations of the event . Her final total of 75.500 points was enough to beat Inna Zhukova of Belarus , who gained 71.925 points for the silver . Anna Bessonova of the Ukraine had 71.875 points for her second straight bronze . In women 's basketball , Lisa Leslie of the United States capped off her illustrious Olympic career with a fourth straight gold medal , scoring 14 points in a 92-65 victory over Australia . She joined former teammate Teresa Edwards as the only basketball players ever to win four Olympic gold medals . "  It 's a blessing for me to be out on this floor , now participating in my fourth Olympics and walking away with a fourth gold medal , " Leslie told the Associated Press . Russia took the bronze , beating hosts China 94-81 as Becky Hammon scored 22 points . The Australians have now lost to the Americans in the gold medal game in the past three Olympics with all three defeats coming by double-digit margins .	Julien Absalon becomes the first rider to defend the men 's mountain bike title 36-year-old German Sabine Spitz claims victory in the women 's mountain bike China complete a table tennis clean sweep with the gold medal won by Ma Lin Australian Matthew Mitcham denies China clean sweep of diving golds
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI has launched an investigation into Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. after a report that employees or associates may have attempted to hack into phone conversations and voice mail of September 11 survivors , victims and their families , a federal law enforcement source told CNN Thursday . "  We are aware of the allegations and are looking into them , " said the source , who requested anonymity due to the sensitivity of the investigation . "  We 'll be looking at anyone acting for or on behalf of News Corp. , from the top down to janitors , " to gather information and determine whether any laws may have been broken . Because the investigation just began , it 's too early to say when the first interviews will be conducted , the source said , adding the probe is a "  high priority . " New York Rep. Peter T. King , a Republican , earlier this week asked FBI Director Robert Mueller to investigate the possibility that journalists working for Murdoch may have tapped into the phones of 9/11 victims and relatives . News Corp. said Thursday it had no comment on the FBI investigation or the possibility of congressional hearings . Meanwhile , News Corp. boss Rupert Murdoch said in an interview late Thursday with the Wall Street Journal newspaper -- one of News Corp. 's own publications -- that he felt the company had handled the crisis "  extremely well in every way possible . " He told the newspaper he had decided to appear before British politicians next Tuesday , after initially declining to attend the hearing , because he wanted to address "  some of the things that have been said in Parliament , some of which are total lies . We think it 's important to absolutely establish our integrity in the eyes of the public ... I felt it 's best just to be as transparent as possible . " Concerns over the hacking of phones belonging to 9/11 victims and relatives appear to be traceable to a story published Wednesday by the Mirror , a British tabloid that includes a section it describes as "  gossip gone toxic . " The newspaper cited "  a source " who referred to a former police officer who now works as a private investigator . "  The investigator is used by a lot of journalists in America and he recently told me that he was asked to hack into the 9/11 victims ' private phone data , " the source reportedly told the newspaper . The source told the Mirror the request came from News of the World , the newspaper at the center of the phone-hacking scandal in Britain . "  He said that the journalists asked him to access records showing the calls that had been made to and from the mobile phones belonging to the victims and their relatives , " the newspaper said . "  His presumption was that they wanted the information so they could hack into the relevant voice mails , just like has been shown they have done in the UK . The PI said he had to turn the job down . He knew how insensitive such research would be , and how bad it would look . "  The investigator said the journalists seemed particularly interested in getting the phone records belonging to the British victims of the attacks . " Relatives of the victims of the terrorist attacks expressed outrage over the possibility they may have been hacking victims . What they went through is "  heartfelt stuff , and it should n't be out there for all to see unless the family approves , " said Jim Riches , a retired New York Fire Department deputy chief who lost a son in the attacks . "  Until we get some accountability , they 're just going to keep doing it , " Riches said . "  It 's completely unethical , unprofessional and basically criminal . " Sally Regenhard , who also lost a son in the attacks , called it "  very horrifying that privacy and personal security could be violated in such an egregious manner . " "  I would hold these people accountable and responsible , " she told CNN Thursday . "  Someone has to defend the dead . " Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey said the September 11 families have "  suffered enough " and deserve answers . Pressure mounted for a federal investigation into Murdoch 's media empire as a key member of a House oversight committee called for Congress to look into the allegation that one of his U.S.-based companies may have broken anti-bribery and other laws . Rep. Bruce Braley , D-Iowa , told CNN that "  Congress has important oversight responsibilities " in responding to the charges and "  getting to the bottom of this evolving scandal . " "  My number one priority is to protect U.S. citizens from violation of the law , " he said . News of the World , a 168-year-old British newspaper owned by Murdoch , folded over the weekend in the wake of accusations that its reporters illegally eavesdropped on the phone messages of murder and terrorist victims , politicians and celebrities . Police in the United Kingdom have identified almost 4,000 potential targets of phone hacking . There also were allegations that reporters may have bribed law enforcement officers . On Wednesday , several senators sent letters to Attorney General Eric Holder asking him to look into concerns that News Corp. violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act . The law , enacted in 1977 , makes it illegal for a U.S. person or company to pay foreign officials to obtain or retain business . Potential liability flows from journalists at News of the World to its parent , News International , and to its parent , News Corp. , which is a publicly held company in the United States . Rupert 's News Corp. -- the parent company of Fox News -- may have engaged in "  political espionage or personal espionage , " Braley said . Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , told CNN earlier this week he may start his own investigation . "  My bet is we 'll find some criminal stuff , " Rockefeller said . "  This is going to be a huge issue . " In an interview published Thursday by the Wall Street Journal , which is owned by News Corp. , Rupert Murdoch said the company would establish its own independent committee "  to investigate every charge of improper conduct . " Murdoch said the committee , to be led by a "  distinguished non-employee , " also will draw up a "  protocol for behavior " for the company 's new reporters . Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , told "  John King USA " that he wrote a letter to British Prime Minister David Cameron , asking that the British government share information from its investigation about any possible phone tapping of U.S. citizens . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Rupert Murdoch says News Corp. has handled the crisis "  extremely well " US senator asks British officials to share information September 11 families deserve answers , the senator says The concerns appear linked to a British tabloid report
CNN  -- Andy Murray thrilled his home crowd in July when he became the first British man in 77 years to win the Wimbledon singles title . But Murray will most likely miss the second highest profile tennis event in Britain -- the year-end championships in November -- after choosing to undergo surgery for a lingering back injury . The 26-year-old Scot has had back issues in spurts throughout his career and was forced to pull out of the French Open in May prior to his historic fortnight at the All England Club . His withdrawal in Paris marked the first time since the 2007 clay-court tournament in France that Murray had skipped one of tennis ' four majors . That year , he hurt his wrist . Murray exited earlier than expected at two U.S. Open warm-up tournaments and was then upset by Stanislas Wawrinka in straight sets in the quarterfinals in New York this month as the defending champion . "  Next week , Andy is set to undergo minor back surgery in an effort to clear up a longstanding back problem , " Murray 's management team said in a statement sent to CNN . "  The issue flared up again during the Rome Masters this year when Andy was forced to retire and he sought advice from a range of specialists in May . "  After a successful return on the more forgiving grass courts , Andy enjoyed success at Queen 's and Wimbledon , but after recently playing on hard courts and clay , Andy once again sought medical advice about solving the issue once and for all . "  The aim is to be fully fit for the new season . " Murray thus becomes the second member of the so-called ` Big Four ' to miss a chunk of the 2013 schedule -- Rafael Nadal did n't play at the Australian Open in January as he continued to recover from his knee troubles . And 17-time grand slam winner Roger Federer has dealt with his own back problems , not playing at the Rogers Cup in Montreal during the U.S. Open Series . Murray can take heart from Nadal 's performances after the Spaniard returned to the tour . Nadal claimed the French Open and captured his 13th major at the U.S. Open by downing Novak Djokovic .	Andy Murray will undergo minor back surgery and most likely miss the rest of 2013 Murray missed the French Open with a back problem before winning Wimbledon He lost early in two U.S. Open warm-up events and was upset in New York by Stan Wawrinka Murray is the third member of the ` Big Four ' to miss tournaments this year due to a lingering injury
CNN  -- I rarely get to experience fine dining . Mostly because , generally speaking , it also requires fine currency . And pants . Fortunately , I 'm perfectly happy with Lean Pockets , and enjoying one of those rarely requires dignity . But do n't judge . Even Napoleon shared my low-brow culinary interests . The dude loved Lean Pockets . Most people do n't know that . And you wo n't find it in any history books . Seriously , I would n't look that up . All things considered , though , when I do get a chance to partake in a true quality meal at an upscale restaurant  read : when someone else is buying  I genuinely enjoy the odd experience of being served really small portions of elaborate food on really large elaborate plates , where 75 percent of the actual surface area is covered by tiny , elaborate flakes of garnish that , combined with the elaborate entr  e , ultimately wo n't prevent me from just ordering pizza a few hours later when I get home so I can finally get to sleep all fat and bloated like I 'm accustomed to . America . Still , while I 'm hardly deserving of such things , I really do enjoy the fine dining experience . And it 's partly because people leave their kids at home . Usually . Recently , however , a couple did n't leave their kid at home , and that 's exactly what caused a heated online debate about the social acceptability of bringing your children to restaurants that do n't have crayons or dancing , human-sized mice that may or may not have done time in Leavenworth . "  Hey kids ! Who wants to hear about the time I shanked a guy ! " This particular fine dining incident all started when the couple brought their 8-month-old baby into one of Chicago 's swankiest restaurants , Alinea , which has the incredibly rare distinction of being awarded three stars by a renowned tire company . Meals at Alinea start at $ 210 . Reservations are sold as tickets months in advance , and are non-refundable . So I 'm guessing they do n't serve fajitas . The head chef of Alinea , Grant Achatz , later took to Twitter after diners began complaining when the aforementioned 8-month-old baby starting crying . As babies and columnists with crippling self-doubt sometimes do . Achatz tweeted : Tbl brings 8mo . Old . It cries . Diners mad . Tll ppl no kids ? Subject diners 2crying ? Ppl take infants 2 plays ? Concerts ? Hate saying no , but . . It seems that the couple 's baby-sitter had canceled at the last moment , but they decided to go out for dinner anyway because , apparently , the family dog is n't a suitable or legal fill-in . "  OK , Snickers . You 're in charge . " Not surprisingly , Achatz 's tweet started a much larger conversation online where the general consensus was : Screw your kids . Now , before we go any deeper into this debate , let me first disclose that I do n't have any children of my own ... at least outside of those who may or may not be living in Thailand . And it 's not that I do n't like kids . I do . They say the darndest things . It 's just that ... they 're also kind of sticky . And they require maintenance . Quite frankly , I prefer the company of dogs . Because , while I 'm quite grossed out by the idea of changing a diaper , I 'm somehow perfectly OK with wrapping my hand in a Kroger bag and scooping up a giant , six-pound pile of partially digested IAMS from my lawn . So , yes , I understand that I do n't understand what it 's like to have children . But I also understand what it 's like NOT to have children . And it 's amazing . I nap a lot . Whether this disqualifies me to comment on this subject is up for you to decide . Regardless , we have to ask : Should adults bring their small children to fine dining restaurants ? Almost everyone I spoke to about this agrees with me that there 's a certain level of swank where you sort of have to draw the line . It 's a gray line . But it 's a line . And it runs nowhere near Red Lobster . The kids and restaurant debate later took a bizarre and wonderful twist when somebody created a fake Twitter handle for the 8-month-old child . @AlineaBaby describes itself as ... a baby who likes fine food , fine drinks , and crying . So , you know . Now there 's that . But what should the no-kids criteria be ? Is it a price range ? Is it a particular style of cuisine ? Or is it something undefined that you just sort of feel ? Chef Achatz eventually spoke about the incident on ABC 's Good Morning America where he simply said , "  I could hear it crying in the kitchen . " And in response to the pop-up Twitter account for @AlineaBaby , he tweeted a photo of two giant fish heads and wrote : Definitely not baby food ... And definitely not fajitas . I think we found our line . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	A couple brought their 8-month-old baby into Chicago 's ultra-swanky Alinea restaurant After the baby cried and annoyed other guests , chef Grant Achatz tweeted about it A pop-up Twitter account was created for the crying baby
CNN  -- A newborn baby boy who was found alive inside a toilet pipe in Jinhua , China , has been released from a hospital and taken home by his maternal grandparents , police said . The child 's mother is still being treated at the hospital , but has been cooperating with the investigation , Xiang Jiangsong , a police official , said Thursday . The police are labeling the case an "  accident " at this time , and no charges have been filed against the mother . Dramatic video of the infant 's rescue made global headlines and sparked reactions worldwide . Unable to pull the infant out , rescuers went to a floor below the toilet and sawed away a section of pipe to gain access from there . Still unable to extract the infant , rescuers detached the section of pipe with the infant inside and took it to the hospital . Working together , rescuers and doctors used pliers and gingerly tore away bits of the pipe . CCTV video showed the exact moment hands in white gloves gingerly pulled away a part of the pipe to reveal the newborn 's face . The infant , a boy referred to as "  Baby 59 , " was drinking formula , doctors said . Police said firefighters and other rescuers involved visited the baby at the hospital and sent clothes , formula powder and diapers . The mother 's account The mother of the infant is not being identified , but local police say she is 22 . Police say that , so far , they believe her account of how the baby ended up in the pipe . "  That day she felt stomachaches , " said Jiang Song , the vice director of police . "  So she went to the toilet . It was actually close to her due date and the baby just slid out . " Police questioned the woman , who told them that she did not intend for the child to fall into the toilet , according to a local TV channel that was posted on the official police Weibo account . The police said she tried to retrieve the baby with a stick , then decided to flush the toilet to clear away the blood . Police : Young mother was embarrassed A police officer in Pujiang County , in which the incident took place , told a journalist working for CNN that the unmarried woman broke up with her boyfriend six months ago . The officer refused to give his full name to the reporter , identifying himself only as Fang . According to Fang , the young woman was embarrassed to have a child as a single woman and felt nervous , so after the baby fell in the toilet , she called her landlord and told him that she 'd heard crying , Fang said . The landlord saw the baby and called police , the officer said , adding that the woman later begged police not to tell her story to anyone , including her parents , because she did n't want public attention , according to the officer . The mother 's parents have agreed to help the mother take care of the baby , and police have identified a man they believe is the father . The police are conducting blood tests to confirm paternity , the officer told CNN . Fang said that the mother has legal custody of the child and can decide if she wants help from the baby 's father . CNN 's Dayu Zhang and journalist Lilian Wu contributed to this report	A baby boy is rescued from a toilet pipe in eastern China Police believe it was an accident how baby got into toilet The baby is released to his maternal grandparents A police officer says mother was embarrassed to be single and give birth
CNN  -- It had to end some time . The New York Knicks seven-game winning streak , sparked by the surprising play of Jeremy Lin , ended Friday . Despite scoring 26 points against the New Orleans Hornets , Lin and the Knicks loss . Lin , 23 , who has played electrifying basketball in recent games , got off to a slow start Friday and was plagued by turnovers . After the game , Lin lamented the nine turnovers he had and blamed himself for the loss . Jeremy ` Lin-demand ' in China "  Nine turnovers is obviously never going to get it done , " Lin told reporters . "  It is on me in terms of taking care of the ball . If everyone credits me for the last seven games then I deserve this one on my shoulders . " Despite the close lose to the Hornets , 89-85 , the improbable story that the New York media dubbed "  Linsanity " and the exploits of the Harvard-educated point guard continues . Lin grabbed international attention this month when he was called off the bench and immediately became the Knicks ' go-to-guy . The then unknown Asian-American point guard scored 25 points to help his team beat the New Jersey Nets that first game . Lin : NBA 's breath of fresh air Lin turned more heads February 10 after getting the better of Kobe Bryant -- arguably the NBA 's top player -- scoring 38 points in the Knicks ' win over the Los Angeles Lakers . Linsanity reached a fever pitch earlier this week when the one-time bench warmer hit a game-winning shot against the Toronto Raptors . Lin will get a chance to start a new winning streak Sunday when the Knicks take on the NBA champions Dallas Mavericks .	Lin scores 26 points in loss to New Orleans Hornets He also has nine turnovers "  Nine turnovers is obviously never going to get it done , " Lin says
CNN  -- Next time you wonder , "  What am I doing today ? " just ask Google . The all-knowing search engine is introducing new voice searches that let you ask questions about ... you . Ask about reservations you have , purchases you 've made , upcoming flight plans or what 's on your schedule and Google will return personalized answers . The feature combs through your Google e-mails , calendar and Google + account to find the relevant information . To answer a question about where you 're having lunch on Thursday , Google might look at appointments entered on your calendar for that day and for any reservation confirmations in your Gmail inbox . Frequent travelers can get the latest information on flights and pull up their hotel information  "  What 's my gate number ? " and "  What 's the phone number of my hotel in New York ? " for example  . Online shoppers can pull up all their receipts for a time period or particular store or find out the status of packages  "  Show me my purchases from last month "  . People who use Google + for their photos can ask Google to show pics from certain days or places . When you want to see all your gorgeous images of your furry pets , say "  Show me all my photos of dogs . " The voice search feature recognizes natural language , meaning you can phrase questions the same way you would for an actual personal assistant . This is not Google 's first foray into serving up personalized results . The Google Now predictive search feature on mobile Google search apps automatically shows information it thinks you will need , before you search it . Open Google Now on a travel day and you 'll see your flight and hotel reservations , commute times to the airport , and suggested sights to see when you reach your destination . The new questions will become available for people in the U.S. over the next few days . They will work on any desktop or mobile version of Google , but you need to be logged into your Google account . If you do n't want your personal search results to appear , you can mute the feature by toggling the globe button on top of Google . To turn it off forever , you can tweak the Private Results search settings or make sure you are logged out of your Google account when you use the search engine . The company began testing personalized searches that pulled information from Google accounts in 2012 with a select group of people . Not all of the experimental features from that trial are becoming available to everyone -- some tools like searching Google Drive files will remain in beta for now . Some of the answers will be read back to you and all will be displayed on the computer , iPhone or tablet screen . Google has spent years indexing the entire Web , but it has also been amassing huge amounts of information about the people who use Google products like Gmail , calendars and more recently Google + . It 's now trying to do with that information what it has already done to the rest of the Internet : Make it organized and accessible .	Google adds personalized voice searches to mobile and desktop search When logged in you can ask about your calendar , flights , purchases , and photos The answers are pulled from your Google e-mails , calendars and Google + This marks the latest attempt by Google to become an intelligent personal assistant
CNN  -- Rainforest covers 60 percent of Indonesia , yet this developing country is among the world 's highest carbon emitters . The reason : it has one of the world 's fastest rates of deforestation , mainly for palm oil production . As trees are felled , the carbon stored in them and the soil is released into the atmosphere . The United Nations Environment Program estimated that between 2003 and 2006 , deforestation and forest degradation reached 1.17 million hectares per year . Louis Verchot , a leading climate scientist , in Indonesia to measure carbon emissions through deforestation , illustrated the problem . "  Around us here we have a very young oil palm plantation and around the oil palms you can see the stumps of the trees , this area was probably logged between three and five years ago , " he said . "  We 're trying to understand how this change from forest through degradation to oil palm affects the emission of greenhouse gases . " But there is a solution , in the form of the United Nations program Reducing Emissions from Deforestation  REDD , which has Indonesia as one of its pilot countries . Through REDD , Norway has pledged to give Indonesia up to one billion dollars if it can prove a reduction in its emissions and halt deforestation . As part of its new commitments , in January 2011 Indonesia begins a two-year ban on any new clearing of forests . Agus Purnomo , National Council on Climate Change , Indonesia , said : "  If you are living in area where there are no other economic activities you are bound to cut the trees . "  But if there are other economic activities which will be created by this financial assistance then the local communities , the local companies and the local governments will be able to continue their economic development activities without damaging the forests . " However , there is one group that has yet to be convinced , and that is Indonesia 's indigenous population . Untung Abdullah , a spokesman for the Orang Rimba people , whose forest homeland has all but disappeared and who are now living in a state-controlled park , said : "  The forest is very important for the Orang Rimba . We 're born in the forest . The huge woods are our home . "  We want the government to provide us with a reserve area so we can manage the land by ourselves and not break government regulations . " Mina Setra , of AMAN , the Indigenous People 's Alliance , added : "  Indigenous peoples in Indonesia have experienced massive encroachment of their land and territories . "  When their territories change into something else that they do n't understand like oil palm plantations it really has a big impact on their livelihoods . "  For us forests belong to us because they are in our territories . We existed before Indonesia exists , before our country exists . " Purnomo knows he must win over these objections if the ban on deforestation is to be a success . He said : "  What I say to them is let 's give this initiative the benefit of the doubt . If they just want to sit back and protest we will only be able to deliver partial success . "  We can build both economic benefits to local people today , while preserving the livelihood with the same high quality of life for future generations . We could really make this breakthrough a reality . " Verchot , too , is optimistic the policy can be a success . He is trying to measure the emissions caused by a change from forest to palm oil plantations to give solid data on Indonesia 's carbon emissions . "  I think we 're at a turning point , " said Verchot . "  A lot has changed but we 're not quite there yet . "  Scientifically , technically we can do this -- there 's not a problem that resources and a little bit of time ca n't solve . But there are problems I think that require still more changes in political will to push us over the finish line . " Purnomo added : "  It should be a no-brainer for decision-makers of the world to choose working on reducing emissions in Indonesia , because it delivers three things instead of one : it reduces emissions ; it alleviates poverty and it conserves biological diversity . "  Why is it so difficult ? Let 's make it happen . " Catriona Davies contributed to this report	Deforestation reached 1.17 million hectares per year , between 2003 and 2006 The U.N. program , Reducing Emissions from Deforestation , has Indonesia as one of its pilot countries In January 2011 , Indonesia begins a two-year ban on any new clearing of forests
CNN  -- Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed joined his troops on the front line Wednesday to fight hard-line anti-government Islamists , a presidential aide told a journalist in Mogadishu . "  The president is on the front line leading the fight against Al Shabaab and he is armed with an AK-47 , " said the aide , who declined to be named . The aide said that the president is accompanied by government soldiers and forces from the African Union Mission in Somalia . The chief of Somali Police , Gen. Ali Mohamed Hassan , told reporters that the drive led by the president marks the beginning of a larger operation against Al Shabaab . Ahmed has a long history of military leadership that has included fighting on front lines . Before he became president in 2009 , he led an Islamist movement that took control of the capital in June 2006 . After the international community -- led by Ethiopian forces -- ran him from power late that year , he began to cooperate with those same international powers . He became president of a U.N.-backed unity government , which led the country 's parliament to appoint him president . Also Wednesday , heavy shelling rocked the capital during the evening , killing at least five people and wounding at least eight , according to ambulance service spokesman Ali Musa . The shelling started after clashes erupted in two parts of the city . Ahlu Sunna fighters -- a Sufi militia aligned with the government -- fought fiercely against al Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab near Bakara market while government forces and Al Shabaab clashed in the north . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this story .	Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed "  is armed with an AK-47 , " aide says He is accompanied by government and AMISOM forces 5 dead as shelling rocks capital
CNN  -- Brazil , which recently overtook the UK as the world 's sixth-largest economy , has been enjoying a lot of positive press . It is sealing its reputation as a dynamic place , a fun place , a diverse place -- but , with this last point in particular , the country still suffers black eyes . A recent court ruling ordered Sony Music Brazil to pay a hefty fine for a song with racist lyrics . The song , about a black woman 's hair , led civil rights organizations to sue Sony not just because it is offensive but because such pejoratives remain common in Brazil . An appeals court in Rio de Janeiro ruled December 15 that Sony must pay nearly 1.3 million reais  U.S. $ 723,000  for publishing "  Veja os Cabelos Dela , " or "  Look at Her Hair , " by the singer and comedian Tiririca . Tiririca , whose real name is Francisco Everardo Oliveira Silva , is now a federal congressman and was not named in the suit . Even the judicial process for this case was slow : The song came out more than 15 years ago , and the initial lawsuit was filed in 1997 . "  In the bigger picture , I think the music companies are going to be more careful when they choose music to sell , " said Humberto Adami , the lawyer for the rights organizations . The recent ruling was simply the completion of the monetary part of the case ; the heart of it was decided years ago , and Sony has abided by it , the company said . "  Since 1997 , spontaneously , Sony Music Brazil removed the track from this product and reissued it in the market , " the company said . Adami , who recused himself from the case for a period while he served as ombudsman for Brazil 's agency for racial equality , said the ruling comes in an environment where racism lingers . Tiririca 's song , which he reportedly wrote to his wife , includes lyrics comparing a woman 's hair to "  scouring pots and pans " and about her "  stench . " In fact , Adami 's clients lost in the first trial because the judge ruled that such comments and "  jokes " were commonplace in Brazil and that Sony should n't be singled out to pay for it . But the rights organization persisted , given the outrage over the song . Some black children did not go to school because others were bullying them by singing the song , Adami said . "  Bullying combined with racism is a very difficult thing , a very sad and awful thing , " he said . An appeals court later ruled against Sony by a vote of 2-1 , with the dissenting judge using the same argument as the judge in the first trial . The case was appealed to Brazil 's highest court , but it declined to take the case , so the appeal court ruling stands . But the case was far from over and dragged on for years as both sides went back to the lower courts to fight about how big the fine should be . Sony had paid a smaller fine , but an appeals court last month upheld a ruling that the actual amount to be paid was much larger , closer to the 1.3 million reais . "  This case is a real step forward for Brazil , and Brazil is changing , " said France Winddance Twine , a sociology professor at the University of California at Santa Barbara . Brazilians see themselves as a tolerant society -- interracial marriage was never illegal , other forms of state-sanctioned racism were never implemented , and there were no groups like the Ku Klux Klan -- but the truth is not as tidy . The particular form of racism found in Tiririca 's song has been tolerated for a long time in songs and jokes , said Twine , who has written a book about race in Brazil . "  For the first time , the court is saying , yes , this is common , but it is no longer acceptable , " she said . "  They are acknowledging that this is harmful to people . "	A judge recently upheld a fine against Sony Music for a racist song Brazilians see themselves as tolerant , but racism persists Sony Music says it removed the offending song right away The case is a step forward for Brazil , an expert says
Political tensions flared Wednesday after more than 70 people were killed when fans rushed the field and rioted at a soccer game in Egypt . It was unclear whether intense sports rivalries or political strife caused the clashes in the northeastern city of Port Said . Hours after the fighting , protesters in Cairo chanted , "  Down with military rule . " And the secretary-general of the Muslim Brotherhood party blamed Egypt 's military for the deaths . Egypt 's interior ministry blamed fans for provoking police . A committee will investigate the circumstances surrounding the fighting , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said in a statement early Thursday . The clashes left at least 74 dead , Egypt 's health ministry said in a statement . At least 1,000 people were injured , 150 of them critically , ministry spokesman Dr. Hisham Shiha said . Most of the injured had concussions and deep cuts , he said . The fighting occurred in a stadium in Port Said after the home Al-Masry team beat Cairo 's Al-Ahly team 3-1 . Fans from both sides bashed each other with rocks and chairs , said Mohamed Sultan , head of the ambulance association in Port Said . Many of those who died fell from bleachers inside the stadium , according to Ahmed Saeed , an official from the Port Said governor 's office . Others suffocated , said Al-Ahly fan Amr Khamis , who returned to Cairo early Thursday with his head bandaged after an Al-Masry fan beat him with a wooden stick . "  The police opened the gates separating us from the Masry fans and their hooligans attack us with everything : rocks , glass bottles , knives , swords . Some had guns . ... How did the police allow them with these weapons into the bleachers ? " he said . Authorities contributed to escalating violence , said Mamdouh Eid , the executive manager of the Al-Ahly fans committee . "  The police stood there watching , and the ambulances arrived late . I carried several dead fans in my arms , " he said . Tension was building throughout the game , Eid said , as Port Said fans threw bottles and rocks at players . "  There were organized groups in the crowds that purposely provoked the police all through the match and escalated the violence and stormed onto the field after the final whistle , " said Gen. Marwan Mustapha of Egypt 's interior ministry . "  Our policemen tried to contain them , but not engage . " At least 47 people were arrested after the clashes , he said . The interior ministry and the military were not responsible for what happened , Gen. Ismail Osman , a member of Egypt 's military council , told Mehwar TV . "  Security is lacking now more than ever before . The government must be more stringent , " he said . Many Al-Ahly fans were trapped in the bleachers during Wednesday 's fighting , Eid said , because police did not open gates that would have allowed them to exit the stadium . "  Some fell off bleachers , others suffocated , and many were beaten to death and stabbed by knives , " Eid said . When the clashes broke out , about 22,000 people were inside the stadium , which can hold up to 25,000 people . About 2,000 Al-Ahly fans were at the game , he said . Authorities have been dispatched to hospitals to interview the wounded and investigate , said Adel Saeed , a spokesman for Egypt 's general prosecutor . Egypt 's military deployed two planes to transport the Al-Ahly team , some of its fans and some of the injured back to Cairo , he said . Thousands of demonstrators met a train carrying injured Al-Ahly fans returning to Cairo early Thursday . Some demonstrators climbed on top of the train as injured fans were carried out . Port Said is about 125 miles  200 kilometers  northeast of Cairo . Outside the Al-Ahly club 's headquarters , angry fans vowed revenge . "  This is a plot to stir violence in Egypt . Why would a winning team attack others ... and kill them ? We will not let this one go , " Al-Ahly fan Ahmed Tabaei said . Protesters outside the club chanted , "  Down with military rule ; leave it to civilian rule . " The head of Egypt 's military ruling council declared three days of national mourning , starting Thursday , and said those behind the clashes would be punished . "  This period , I assure you , will be peaceful . Egypt will be stable again . The military council is executing a road map to transfer the authority to an elected civilian entity . ... Whoever has any plot against Egypt will not succeed , " Field Marshal Mohamed Tantawi said in a statement released to Egyptian media . The Muslim Brotherhood condemned the violence and said authorities had failed to protect citizens . "  It 's a security vacuum in the whole country that has led to armed robberies on banks and random killings . Some have threatened rebellion against the parliament and threatened the youth of the Muslim Brotherhood ... which may indicate that some police officers may be punishing the citizens for causing a revolution , " the party said in a statement . While authorities were responding to the fighting in Port Said , a fire broke out during a match in a Cairo stadium . It was not immediately clear whether the incidents were related . Lawmakers were scheduled to discuss the situation in an emergency session of Egypt 's parliament Thursday . Sepp Blatter , president of the sport 's international governing body , FIFA , said he was "  very shocked and saddened " by the events . "  This is a black day for football . Such a catastrophic situation is unimaginable and should not happen , " Blatter said in a statement . The large death toll from the fighting is unprecedented in Egyptian soccer , CNN contributor James Montague said . "  It 's not unheard-of to have organized violence between football clubs  in Egypt  , but something on this scale has never been seen before , " said Montague , who researched soccer in the Middle East for his book "  When Friday Comes : Football in the War Zone . " During Egypt 's revolution , well-organized groups of soccer fans became a powerful force for political change , he said . Soccer was also closely tied with former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 's government , which used the sport to boost his popularity , Montague said . But it was unclear whether political fury fueled Wednesday 's clashes . "  There 's been a security vacuum , so we do n't know whether it 's that or whether there 's a Mubarak element to it . We just do n't know at the moment , " Montague said .	A committee will investigate circumstances surrounding the fighting Egypt 's military council declares three days of national mourning Egypt 's health ministry says 74 people were killed in clashes One witness says police did not step in when fighting broke out
CNN  -- For one group of women in Chicago on Sunday , Mother 's Day was marked not with flowers , but with a stark reminder of their loss . One by one , they filed toward a newly unveiled sculpture at the city 's St. Sabina Church , placing small white cards emblazoned with names such as Blair Holt and Matthew Michael Rodriguez at the foot of the two figures in the sculpture . For some of the women , the realistic work of a faceless , gun-wielding assailant killing a young girl was too much to bear , CNN affiliate WGN reported . Instead of being celebrated by their children this holiday , these mothers were mourning the deaths of their children -- all victims of gun violence on Chicago 's streets . "  Today , as I woke up , instead of what a lot of mothers get , which are flowers or Happy Mom 's Day or a kiss , I did n't get any of that , " said Maria Ramirez , whose son , Matthew , was killed at 16 . "  I do n't even get to hear anybody say ` Mama ' anymore . I 'll never hear that again . " The sculpture 's artist , J.S. Kenar , said he was trying to "  show the pain , to show that something unhuman is going on here . " The city has been plagued by bloodshed on its streets this year , including a particularly deadly stretch last month in which seven people were killed and 18 wounded in a 12-hour period . Statistics released Sunday by Chicago police show that while the overall violent crime rate has decreased by 11 percent this year , the city 's homicide rate has risen 8 percent . As of Saturday , 127 killings have been recorded this year -- three more homicides than the 2008 yearly total . "  We can not ignore the destructive nature of guns , and how their presence can escalate a volatile situation into a tragic one , " police Superintendent Jody Weis said in a statement announcing the statistics . Annette Holt knows firsthand how destructive gun violence can be to a family . Her son , Blair , an honor student at Chicago 's Percy L. Julian high school , was shot on a city bus in 2007 . He was killed in a hail of gang bullets when he jumped into the line of fire to save the life of a teenage girl . He was 16 . At Sunday 's unveiling , Holt implored other mothers to do all they can to stop the cycle of violence . "  Do something to make a difference now before you 're like us  and  your child is either in the cemetery for Mother 's Day or birthdays , or your child is in jail for 100 years , " she said .	On Mother 's Day , moms of children killed in gun violence go to St. Sabina Church As of Saturday , 127 people have been killed in Chicago this year Says one grieving woman : "  I do n't even get to hear anybody say ` Mama ' anymore . "
OMAHA , Nebraska  CNN  -- Dozens of calls flooded the Omaha Police Department 's 911 emergency line after a gunman opened fire inside the city 's Westroads Mall , with witnesses calling in tones that ranged from almost matter-of-fact to near terror . Police make their presence known at the Westroads Mall in Omaha , Nebraska , Thursday . "  I have n't seen anything . I 'm hiding in a clothes rack , " a woman said after a dispatcher asked her for a description of the shooter . "  I mean , there 's been like 50 gunshots . " In one of the recordings , provided to CNN by the police department , a rapid burst of three gunshots can be heard , followed by two more a moment later before the line goes dead . A dispatcher asked one caller to move away from a woman shouting in the background . "  Oh Lord God help us , " the woman can be heard screaming . Hear some of the 911 calls " "  She said there is a bunch of people shot , " the caller says . Robert Hawkins , 19 , killed six employees and two customers of Von Maur department store on Wednesday before turning his AK-47 rifle on himself . Two employees remained hospitalized Thursday , one with critical injuries and one in serious condition . A woman who called 911 before ducking into a security office in the store said she heard the gunman demand that a vault be opened near the store 's customer service area . Police have not described the shooting as a robbery attempt , saying Thursday they do n't know why Hawkins chose the store as a target . The caller described the shooter as having "  a very large gun " and said he came out of an elevator on the store 's third floor and began firing shots into the air . "  I heard the gunshots and I got down as soon as possible because I 've got kids , " she said . Later , she told the dispatcher she 'd moved into the security office -- where she appears to have seen Hawkins ' dead body on a surveillance camera . "  Oh my gosh ! It looks like the gun is laying over by customer service -- it looks like he might have killed himself , " she said , breaking into tears . "  I see him laying by the gun ! " Police said Thursday that Hawkins had had "  some mental health problems , " including thoughts of suicide . He had lost his job and recently broken up with his girlfriend , according to a family friend . E-mail to a friend	"  I 'm hiding in a clothes rack , " a caller says A rapid burst of gunshots can be heard in another call before the line goes dead Robert Hawkins killed six employees and two customers before taking his own life "  I see him laying by the gun , " a woman tells the dispatcher
CNN  -- When actor Barkhad Abdi calls his "  Captain Phillips " role life-changing , he means it literally . Just a few months ago , he was known only as one of Tom Hanks ' co-stars in the film based on the Somali hijacking of the Maersk Alabama in 2009 , but today , he 's known far and wide as something else . On Thursday , the newcomer was announced as a contender for the Oscar for best actor in a supporting role , a category that includes stars like Jared Leto  "  Dallas Buyers Club "  , Jonah Hill  "  Wolf of Wall Street "  and Bradley Cooper  "  American Hustle "  . "  Captain Phillips , " by the way , is Abdi 's first role . The 28-year-old , who was born in Mogadishu and moved to Minnesota as a teen , stumbled upon the opportunity while watching TV . "  I was at my friend 's house in Minneapolis , just hanging out , and the local channel said that there was a casting call for a Tom Hanks film ,  needing  Somali actors , " he 's told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  I always loved acting . It was something that I wanted to do . I would just shoot basic videos , but I was n't in front of the camera . " Undeterred , Abdi went to the casting call at a Minneapolis community center and wound up landing the role of Somali leader Muse . "  He had this instinct for expression ; he is a very interesting man , " "  Captain Phillips " director Paul Greengrass told The Hollywood Reporter . "  His ability as an actor is rooted in personal experience and a sense of drama . " That ability has won over critics left and right and has earned Abdi nominations from the Hollywood Foreign Press and the Screen Actors Guild . The Oscar nom "  has been a life-changing experience for me , " Abdi said in a statement . "  I would like to congratulate all of the nominees this morning , especially the team from ` Captain Phillips ' who were recognized . My performance is a testament to the vision of our incredible director Paul Greengrass , and our other Captain -- the generous , amazing , and inspiring Tom Hanks . " As for what he plans to do next , Abdi told Entertainment Weekly that he 's just trying to let his newest accolade sink in . "  It 's been a really wild ride , " he said . "  Every time , it gets bigger and bigger and bigger , and now it 's an Oscar nomination . It 's just a little too big to comprehend . But that 's life . I 'm just looking forward to the next adventure . "	Barkhad Abdi 's life has been changed by his "  Captain Phillips " role Paul Greengrass ' film was Abdi 's debut That role has brought in a flood of nominations , including an Oscar nod
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A man who sped down Venice Beach 's crowded boardwalk Saturday evening looked like he wanted "  to create mayhem and massacre a lot of people , " a witness said . One woman was killed , and a Los Angeles County coroner 's office spokeswoman identified her as Alice Gruppioni , 32 , of Italy . Her husband told police they were on their honeymoon , a law enforcement source told CNN . Nathan Campbell , 38 , was charged with murder after he turned himself in to police hours after the incident , Los Angeles Police Department spokeswoman Rosario Herrera said Sunday . Campbell is being held on $ 1 million bond , she said . "  There no indication that he knew anybody that he hit , " LAPD Cmdr. Andy Smith said . "  It looks like this guy wanted to run over a bunch of people . One guy bent on doing evil . " Of the dozen people injured , one victim was critically hurt and two others suffered serious injuries , officials said . The driver eventually stopped the car and ran away . "  It was horrible . I mean it was like something out of a movie , something you would never expect to see , " witness Katherine Blackburn told CNN affiliate KABC . It was two hours before sunset on a beautiful Saturday evening -- one of the busiest times of the week at the Venice Beach Boardwalk . "  This guy had an intent to create mayhem and massacre a lot of people , " Dave Blackburn told CNN affiliate KCAL . The Blackburn family was dining on the sidewalk patio of the Candle Cafe & Grill when they saw a man get into a parked car and drive it around a corner onto the crowded boardwalk . "  The boardwalk was packed with people , and he sped up and purposefully -- it looked like purposefully -- was just swerving back and forth to run over as many people as he could , " said Laura Blackburn . Los Angeles police robbery-homicide detectives are leading the investigation . "  There were people flying , laying on the ground , tents flying everywhere . If he wanted to kill people , he came on a perfect time , 5 p.m. on a Saturday in the summer in Venice Beach , " Katherine Blackburn said . Numerous victims were hauled away on stretchers , their legs covered with blood , KCAL reported . The crash took place on the Venice Beach Boardwalk , a popular tourist attraction on the west side of Los Angeles lined with hundreds of street vendors and performers . This is n't the first time someone drove into a crowd of pedestrians in Southern California . In 2003 , an elderly man accidentally plowed his car through a busy farmer 's market in nearby Santa Monica , killing 10 people and injuring 69 . Spectator loses part of leg in California power plant implosion CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report .	NEW : Woman killed is Alice Gruppioni , 32 , of Italy , coroner 's spokeswoman says Suspected driver , identified as Nathan Campbell , 38 , is charged with murder One person is dead , one critically hurt , and two others have serious injuries The victims were on the famed Venice Beach Boardwalk on the west side of Los Angeles
CNN  -- The stories have been around for decades -- sometimes disquieting ones about the strict upbringing of Joe and Katherine Jackson 's nine children in a high-pressure , showbiz family . Joe Jackson addressed those stories and his family 's past in an interview with "  Piers Morgan Tonight " that aired Wednesday night , saying that yes , he did physically discipline his children . Why did he do it ? "  I had to be like that way because during those times , it was hard , and you have a lot of gangs there , you know , in the area where we were living , " Jackson told Piers Morgan . "  This was Gary , Indiana , and I had to make sure that they did n't get in any type of trouble , and things of that sort . " Does he have any regrets about his approach to parenting ? "  I 'm glad I was tough , because look what I came out with . I came out with some kids that everybody loved all over the world . And they treated everybody right . Family , fans mark Michael Jackson 's death three years later "  You know , Michael , he was a nice guy . ... The world  does n't  know anything too much about Michael as far as how he was brought up . But he was brought up . I made sure that he respected the older people . " Morgan said that Janet Jackson -- probably the second-most-famous sibling of the six brothers and three sisters -- in particular has lamented about not being allowed to call Joe Jackson "  Dad " and noted almost all of the children have said their father was a strict disciplinarian . "  You had all those kids running hollering around , " Jackson said . "  They 're hollering , ` Dad , Dad , Dad , ' you know , and it gets to be -- it sounds kind of funny to me . But I did n't care too much about what they called me , just as long as they  were  able to listen to me and what I had to tell them , you know , in order to make their lives successful . This was the main thing . " They were brought up to respect people , he said . They never joined gangs or went to jail . Joe and Katherine Jackson are still married . Joe Jackson suffers ` mild ' stroke Jackson also spoke about his relationship with his superstar son , Michael , when he was a child . "  Michael was the type of kid , you know , he was a good kid ... and by him being that way , he was able to be Michael Jackson . "  He looked good on stage and when he performed , everybody loved the way he did it , because he was that good , " Jackson said . Jackson recalled where he was when he found out his son had died on June 25 , 2009 : "  I was in Las Vegas . I got a call ... from a fan . And he says , ` Mr. Jackson , ' he says , ` Something is wrong . ' He said , ' I see an ambulance there at Michael 's place and the ambulance took off . And the fire department is following the ambulance . Something is wrong . ' Jackson said Michael had tried to reach out to him shortly before he passed away . Revisit Jacksons ' most animated performance "  The saddest part about the whole thing was Michael tried to reach me , " Jackson said . "  He says , ` Call my father . ' This was before he passed . ` He would know how to get me out of this . ' But they did n't get in touch with me . They said they could n't find me , but I was right there . " Jackson also said there were people in Michael 's life who drove a wedge between the King of Pop and his family toward the end . "  They treated him like Howard Hughes , you know ? " Jackson said . "  They could n't -- the family could n't get to him , you know , like they should have . " Jackson also addressed Michael 's 2005 child sex abuse trial . "  Well , you know that there was a reason why that happened , " Jackson said . "  They were trying to take control over Michael 's life . Michael has paid out a lot of money , you know , what is it ? Something like $ 22 million , you know , to keep this thing hushed down . " Michael Jackson was acquitted of all charges . How did Joe Jackson feel about his son 's behavior around children -- specifically his sleepovers with young boys ? Jackson defended his son as "  a big old kid himself " who "  had the mind of a kid . " Morgan asked Jackson whether he regrets not doing more for Michael toward the end . "  I tried very hard , " Jackson said . "  I could n't get to him , just like I told you earlier , that they treated him just like Howard Hughes . " What does Jackson hope Michael 's legacy will be ? "  I 'd like his legacy to be what he wanted to be , " Jackson said . "  I want everybody to care about him and to love him and keep doing the things that he wanted to do -- and he wanted to make people happy all over the world . " Jackson family drama an unwanted reality show Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Joe Jackson said he was strict because he wanted the best for his family "  This was Gary , Indiana , and I had to make sure that they did n't get in any type of trouble " Jackson tells CNN 's Piers Morgan he heard about Michael Jackson 's death from a fan On his son 's jailed doctor : "  I blame a lot of people , not just Conrad Murray "
CNN  -- Six people died and at least 34 were injured -- four of them critically -- in a crash involving a Greyhound bus and two other vehicles on a highway in Fresno , California , early Thursday , the California Highway Patrol said . The accident occurred about 2:15 a.m. on northbound California Highway 99 , highway patrol spokesman Officer Kirk Arnold said . The bus struck an overturned SUV that was in the highway 's fast lane and then struck a second vehicle . All three vehicles traveled down an embankment , and the bus slammed into a large eucalyptus tree , Arnold said . "  We 're still trying to piece everything together , " he said . Taxi driver Mike Coupland told CNN affiliate KMPH-TV that "  at the last second , " he saw the SUV on its side in the highway : "  no lights , no nothing . " He said the bus did not have time to stop before striking the SUV . The impact was "  like a bomb going off , " Coupland said . "  Just pieces and parts everywhere . It was terrible . " The bus driver , he said , was "  doing nothing wrong . " Arnold said authorities are not sure whether the SUV had just overturned before the crash or whether it was previously in the road . The fatalities -- four women and two men -- included the bus driver and at least one person in the SUV , he said . Five people were pronounced dead at the scene , and one man died later . Greyhound spokesman Tim Stokes said the driver , a 32-year employee , and two passengers were killed aboard the bus . Stokes did not identify the driver but said he "  was an excellent driver with a clean driving record and was a very well respected member of the Greyhound family . " The bus was en route from Los Angeles to Sacramento , approaching its next stop at Madera , California , with 35 people on board , Stokes said . The highway 's northbound lanes were closed , Arnold said . Greyhound representatives were on scene . The cause of the crash was still under investigation . "  It 's going to be a lengthy process , " Arnold said . Six people sustained moderate injuries in the crash , and 24 had minor injuries , he said . Relief buses were sent to the scene to pick up passengers who were uninjured , Stokes said .	NEW : Bus driver , 2 passengers are among the victims NEW : Driver had been with Greyhound for 32 years Bus struck overturned SUV in early morning crash Witness says impact was "  like a bomb going off "
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A government school in southern India has tested pupils ' karate skills by running over their outstretched arms with a motorcycle . K. Devarajan , the director of elementary education in Tamil Nadu state , told CNN that the event , held recently , was organized with the consent of parents . State education authorities have now asked schools not to carry out such activities because they violate safety guidelines , which he claimed were already in place in state educational institutions . Devarajan said officers visited the school after learning about the controversial show . Newspaper pictures Tuesday showed a motorcyclist driving over the limbs of a row of schoolchildren lying with their faces down in the state 's Villupuram district . It also showed smiling adults standing behind the young children . The act aimed to show the strength the students had gained from their karate classes , Devarajan said . Nobody was injured , said P. Perumalsamy , a senior state education official . The students involved were aged between six and 13 , he added .	Indian schoolchildren run over by motorcycle in karate exercise Officials says parents approved of test of children 's karate skills School has been told not to hold such an exercise again
CNN  -- In New Zealand , it 's being called "  Marmageddon . " The island nation is facing a dwindling stock of the beloved Marmite spread after recent earthquakes in Christchurch forced the manufacturer to shut down the only factory producing the stuff . A spokesman for Sanitarium , the maker of the salty breakfast spread , says it has now run out of Marmite and it ca n't make any more until July at the earliest . That 's caused a run on Marmite at markets all around New Zealand -- and reports of panic among customers who love the spread . Sanitarium general manager Pierre van Heerden said people should face the hard fact that they 'll need to conserve their Marmite and could try spreading it on toast rather than slices of bread out of the bag to make it last . The company made the announcement Monday and has been surprised by the outpouring of concern . "  Supplies are starting to run out nationwide , and across the ditch in Australia , " it posted on its website . "  Do n't freak . We will be back soon ! " The Countdown supermarket chain said that it has two to three weeks ' supply on hand under normal conditions . "  We have n't seen any noticeable bulk-buying of Marmite as yet , but will not be enforcing a purchase limit , " Murray Johnston , general manager for merchandise for Countdown 's parent Progressive Enterprises , told CNN . Statements like that might also be sparking a speculative Marmite rush . Bidders at online auction site TradeMe were willing to pay up to $ 60 New Zealand dollars  $ 50 U.S.  for a bottle , with some touting the thick paste as "  Black Gold " in their listings . One enterprising would-be Marmite miser was asking for $ 799 for a package , while others were trying to sell off half-empty containers as "  emergency stashes . " Van Heerden says that he 's not worried about Marmite fans defecting to rival Vegemite , from Kraft Foods in Australia . "  The differences between Vegemite and Marmite are quite significant , " he said . "  People have really strong feelings about the taste and a love-or-hate relationship with them . " He adds that he 's not overly concerned about losing market share despite the prospect of being off the shelves for several months . "  We have a strong consumer base , and most are saying they will wait for us to come back with knives at the ready , " van Heerden said .	Earthquakes knock out New Zealand 's only source of Marmite The salty breakfast spread is going for up to $ 60 online Its manufacturer say the next batch wo n't be out before July
CNN  -- Mark Webber became an unprecedented sixth different winner in six races this season as he drove his Red Bull to victory at the prestigious Monaco Grand Prix Sunday . Webber made the most of starting from pole position to hold off Nico Rosberg in the Mercedes with Fernando Alonso taking third for Ferrari to take over at the top of the world title standings . Webber 's Red Bull teammate and two-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel finished a fine fourth after starting ninth on the grid . Both Alonso and Vettel moved ahead of a disappointed Lewis Hamilton during their pit stops , leaving the McLaren driver in fifth spot . Felipe Massa was sixth in the second Ferrari . Briton Paul di Resta drove a fine race to finish seventh , just ahead of his Force India teammate German Nico Hulkenberg . Finn Kimi Raikkonen of Lotus and Brazilian Bruno Senna in his Williams completed the points scoring . It was the third straight Monaco win for Red Bull , who extended their lead in the constructors ' standings over McLaren . Webber , who also won in 2010 , was claiming his eighth Formula One career victory and he moved level with Vettel into joint second in the standings , three points adrift of Alonso . "  I feel incredible , " Webber told the official post-race press conference . "  It was a very interesting race , reasonably straightforward at the start , just managing the gap to Nico  Rosberg  . "  I 'm really glad to have won here again , a great victory for me . " It was another disappointing race day for seven-time champion Michael Schumacher , who had been the fastest in qualifying . A five-place grid penalty left the Mercedes driver starting from sixth and an early tangle with Romain Grosjean  Lotus  , who was forced to retire , saw him slip back to eighth . A technical problem later hit Schumacher to leave him pointless again . The race was held against the backdrop of the constant threat of a rain shower , which could have seen a complete change in the finishing order . The rain eventually came with a vengeance after the finish , leaving Webber to breath a sigh of relief . Alonso was also a big winner on the day , with Ferrari making great strides after being off the pace earlier in the season . "  For me , the target was to try to finish in front of Sebastian and Lewis  Hamilton  as they are with us in the championship . If you go race by race , you aim to finish ahead of different drivers . "  Now it is Mark  Webber  . It will be interesting , as we are constantly developing the car and we are constantly surprised at every race . " The seventh round of the championship takes place in Canada in two weeks time .	Mark Webbber wins Monaco Grand Prix for Red Bull Australian is an unprecedented sixth different winner in six F1 races this season Fernando Alonso takes over at top of title race after finishing third Michael Schumacher forced to retire to finish out of the points again
CNN  Like most young people , Bobbi Kristina Brown communicates a great deal via social media . From her desire to launch a career in music and acting to her grief over the loss of her mother , singer Whitney Houston , the 21-year-old shares much with her followers . Here is Brown in her own words . From before her mother 's death : After Houston 's death , she and Nick Gordon got matching tattoos with Houston 's initials . The singer had reportedly taken Gordon in when he was 12 years old and raised him alongside her daughter . Brown and Gordon became romantically involved after her mother 's death , and in January 2014 , she tweeted a picture of the pair with wedding rings , saying they were "  happily married . " He makes frequent appearances on her social media accounts , and she often speaks of her love for him . In March , she was criticized for appearing too thin after tweeting a picture of herself in a bikini . Brown defended her slim frame . In August , she paid tribute on what would have been her mother 's birthday , tweeting birthday wishes and a picture of a cake with candles . In July , Brown reportedly went on a Twitter rant , expressing unhappiness with the Lifetime biopic "  Whitney , " directed by actress Angela Bassett . The Houston family decried the family 's lack of involvement in the project , and the singer 's sister-in-law , Pat Houston , posted on Facebook , "  I say this to all Whitney 's family , friends and fan base : If you watch this movie , watch it knowing that Lifetime is notorious for making bad biopics of deceased celebrities and brace yourself for the worst . " Brown tweeted an apology after insulting Bassett . Her communications sometimes center on her dislike of the attention paid to her life and decisions . She also often speaks of missing her mother . Brown 's last tweet before she was found unresponsive in the bathtub at her Roswell , Georgia , home Saturday was one of optimism and excitement about her future .	Bobbi Kristina shares a great deal via social media She posts about her life , her love and her mother Her most recent tweet was looking toward the future
CNN  -- He was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years for a heinous crime , but in the end he cut that life short . Ariel Castro , convicted of kidnapping and raping three women , as well as murder , committed suicide in his prison cell Tuesday night , the Franklin County , Ohio , coroner 's office said . The discovery of the three women who had been Castro 's captives in his Cleveland home for about a decade was shocking from the outset , and surprising in its end . Castro , 52 , hanged himself with a bedsheet , Coroner Dr. Jan Gorniak told CNN on Wednesday . He was being held at the Correctional Reception Center in Orient . Prison medical staff tried to revive him but failed . Castro was taken to The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead at 10:52 p.m. . The Cuyahoga County prosecutor had tough words in the wake of Castro 's suicide . "  These degenerate molesters are cowards , " Timothy J. McGinty said . " ... This man could n't take , for even a month , a small portion of what he had dished out for more than a decade . " Castro 's brother-in-law , Juan Alicea , told CNN that the family was notified by the warden about 1 a.m. . The family is angry , he said , that it first learned about the death from media reports . Alicea said that Castro 's mother and sister visited him twice in prison , most recently on August 26 . During that last visit , both women said they were worried by his demeanor , mood and body language ; he appeared depressed , Alicea said . But nothing indicated that Castro was contemplating suicide , Alicea said , recounting what the women told him . In fact , he said , the final letter that Castro 's mother received from the inmate was more upbeat . Another family member , Maria Castro-Montes , said she cried when she heard the news . Her first thoughts were with the three victims -- Michelle Knight , Georgina DeJesus and Amanda Berry -- and what they must be feeling . Would they be glad or angry about Castro 's death ? The three women held captive by Castro are aware of his suicide , Knight 's attorney , Kathryn Joseph , told CNN . She said the women will not be making a statement . Castro-Montes said nearly everyone in the family had cut ties with Castro , and relatives hope that with his death , the tragic story can come to an end . "  It was just shock and part of it was even relief in hopes that now this will just end all of it and that his name will not be out in the spotlight for years and years to come , " she told CNN . "  I just hope the victims can move past this now . " ` No one should be celebrating ' Castro was not a part of the general prison population , officials said . "  He was housed in protective custody which means he was in a cell by himself and rounds are required every 30 minutes at staggered intervals , " JoEllen Smith of the corrections department told CNN in a written statement . "  A thorough review of this incident is under way , " she added . At least two investigations will be done , according to another corrections department statement . The prison director commissioned a review team , to be made up of legal , medical , mental health , security and operational professionals not directly involved in the incident , to analyze Castro 's death . The Ohio State Highway Patrol will conduct a separate , independent investigation . ` Hope for everyone , ' ex-captive says before house demolished But Castro attorney Craig Weintraub said more precautions against a possible suicide should have been taken . Castro 's attorneys had requested permission for an independent forensic psychologist to evaluate their client , but were denied by officials , he said . If Castro was believed to be suicidal , he should have been under stricter protection , he said . Some will see his death as "  a happy ending to this story , and a quick ending and justifiable , " Weintraub said . "  But we 're in a civilized society and no one should really be celebrating this . " No place in the world In handing down a sentence last month , Judge Michael Russo told the kidnapper there was no place in the world for his brand of criminal . Castro pleaded guilty to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping , in exchange for the death penalty being taken off the table . The charges stem from his kidnapping , rape and assault of Knight , abducted in 2002 ; DeJesus , abducted in 2004 ; and Berry ; abducted in 2003 . Castro is the father of Berry 's 6-year-old daughter , DNA tests confirmed . Castro 's victims resilient after years of abuse ` You will die a little every day ' All three women kept diaries with Castro 's permission , providing many of the details of their abuse . "  I cried every night . I was so alone . I worried what would happen to me and the other girls every day , " Knight , 32 , said , as she addressed her abductor head-on during his sentencing . "  I will live on . You will die a little every day . " In each case , Castro lured the women into his car with the promise of a ride , according to court documents . The women and girl were freed in May after Berry shouted for help while Castro was away . Neighbors heard her cries and came to her aid as she tried to break through a door . One neighbor gave her a cell phone to call authorities . "  Help me , I am Amanda Berry , " she frantically told a 911 operator . "  I 've been kidnapped , and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here , I 'm free now . " Captives ' hellish life inside Castro 's home Plays the victim , blames the victims During his sentencing , Castro played the victim , saying he was addicted to porn and masturbation . In his oft-disjointed statement , he referred to himself as "  very emotional " and "  a happy person inside . " Castro appeared to blame the victims and accused them of lying about their treatment . He went on to say that none of the women was a virgin when he abducted them , that they wanted sex and there was "  harmony " in the "  happy household . " Castro 's 1,400-square-foot home was reconfigured to keep their whereabouts a secret , FBI agent Andrew Burke testified . The back door was outfitted with an alarm , bedspreads and curtains obscured parts of the home and a porch swing was placed in front of the stairs leading to the rooms where Castro held the women and girl hostage . Police also testified Castro would chain the women to objects , including a support pole in his basement . In the room where Berry and her daughter were held , the doorknob was removed , a lock was affixed to the outside and a hole was cut through the door for ventilation because the windows had been boarded up from the inside , Burke said . Burke also described a handwritten letter in which Castro claimed he had been sexually abused as a child and wrote , "  I am a sexual predator . " Most dramatic moments from his sentencing ` You saved us ' The first police officer on the scene , Barbara Johnson , recalled for the court how she and another officer heard the pitter-patter of footsteps in a dark room where Knight and DeJesus were held . When the captive women realized they were police , Knight "  literally launched herself " onto an officer , "  legs , arms , just choking him . She just kept repeating , ` You saved us ! You saved us ! ' " Johnson said . The women were described as scared , pale , malnourished and dehydrated when they were rescued . Dr. Gerald Maloney , who was in the emergency room when the victims arrived , said Knight requested that no male physicians attend to her . Castro 's son said he would n't visit dad in prison CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Martin Savidge , Allison Malloy , Marina Carver and Kait Richmond contributed to this report .	NEW : At least two investigations will be conducted into his death Prosecutor : Castro could n't take what he dished out for a decade Castro 's attorney says more protection should have been provided During his sentencing , Castro played the victim
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India set the stage for a new wave of competition in its booming telecom industry Thursday as it allowed its 750 million mobile users to change operators without losing their existing cellphone numbers . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh launched the mobile number portability  MNP  service , a facility that he said would cost a subscriber as less as Rs . 19 or 41 cents . "  Today 's occasion marks a very important milestone in the evolution of telecommunications in our country , " Singh said . Home to 1.2 billion people , India has made rapid strides in telecommunications in the last decade . The nation 's mobile subscriber base has now swollen to around 750 million from a mere 33 million in 2004 , Singh said . About 15 million new users are added each month , he added . "  More of our countrymen have been touched by this revolution than by any other program , product or service in the history of our nation and that too at a pace unprecedented in the world at large , " Singh said . Not too long ago -- until India unleashed economic reforms in the 1990s -- Indians had to wait for years to get landline connections at their homes and businesses from state-run telephone companies . Today , a number of private players are locked in stiff price wars as they jostle for a pie in what is now billed as the world 's fastest-growing telecom market . "  The  implementation of  the  MNP will not only give wider choices to the Indian subscribers but will also compel service providers to offer innovative , affordable and competitive tariff plans for the benefit of the masses , " said the country 's telecommunications ministry . Ironically though , one of the worst corruption scandals to have hit India in recent times is also linked to the same lucrative sector . Singh has come under intense attack from opposition lawmakers after a government audit reported the treasury lost up to $ 31 billion from below-price sale of second-generation wireless spectrum in 2008 . The alleged scam has forced the country 's telecom minister , A. Raja , to step down . Raja , a member of a key regional ally of Singh 's Congress party , denies the charges . Singh insists wrongdoers will be punished .	India 's mobile subscriber base has swollen to about 750 million , Singh says In 2004 , there were 33 million , he says At one time , Indians had to wait for years to get landline connections
Editor 's note : Dina Habib Powell , global head of corporate engagement at Goldman Sachs , served as U.S. assistant secretary of state for educational and cultural affairs from 2005 to 2007 . Dina Habib Powell says there are encouraging signs the world is ready to invest in empowering women . NEW YORK  CNN  -- As we mark International Women 's Month in March , it is encouraging to see that the movement to recognize the vital role that women play in families , nations and economies has been building for more than a decade and that developments in the past few years have shown that real progress has begun to take hold . On the heels of International Women 's Day , President Obama said Monday , "  we will not sow the seeds for a brighter future or reap the benefits of the change we need without the full and active participation of women around the world . " He also recently announced the creation of a new position , ambassador-at-large for global women 's Issues , at the State Department . To fill this critical role , the president nominated Melanne Verveer , a widely respected women 's advocate and former top aide to then first lady Hillary Clinton . Verveer was a founder of Vital Voices Global Partnership , an organization committed to empowering women and recently co-chaired by Secretary Clinton and Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas . There has also been very recent progress on Capitol Hill . Last month , the U.S. Senate created a Foreign Relations subcommittee that will focus on the global status of women , led by Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California . The efforts have been a bipartisan priority for our leaders . In 2008 , then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice successfully led the effort in the U.N. Security Council to officially recognize rape as a weapon of war . And in 2001 , Laura Bush used the first presidential radio address ever given by a first lady to focus international attention on the plight of women in Afghanistan and used her influence to protect and empower women around the world . Critical strides are also being made globally . In Rwanda , a country devastated by genocide , women have become a key part of the nation 's rebirth . Under the leadership of President Paul Kagame , more than half of the parliament is made up of women . In Liberia , President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf made history when she became the first female president on the African continent . In the Middle East , Kuwait has emerged as a leader in women 's suffrage and political participation . And in the United Arab Emirates , women such as Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi , minister of foreign trade , have been trailblazers for progress throughout the region . This social change is being promoted at the United Nations , where Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon recently noted that the protection , education and empowerment of women and girls are among the most important ingredients to achieving all other Millennium Development Goals . Such consensus should not be surprising as study after study has found that investing in the education of women improves lives . Every extra year of girls ' education can reduce infant mortality by 5 to 10 percent . In Africa , children of mothers who receive five years of primary education are 40 percent more likely to live beyond age 5 . And multicountry data show educated mothers are about 50 percent more likely to immunize their children than uneducated mothers are . But one of the most important developments of recent years has been the increasing amount of research that shows investments in women can offer not only social benefits , but also real economic growth . A growing body of evidence highlights the economic advantage of educating and empowering women . The private sector has seized on this data . There is now broad consensus that investing in women is not only just good social policy , it is "  smart economics , " as Bob Zoellick , president of the World Bank , says . Toward that end , the World Bank has convened a Private Sector Leaders Forum with companies committed to these issues , such as Standard Chartered , Cisco , PricewaterhouseCoopers , Ernst & Young , Carlson and Nike . My own firm , Goldman Sachs , published two critical pieces of research , "  Womenomics " and "  Women Hold Up Half the Sky , " which found that investments in women -- through increased education and labor force participation -- can lead to real economic growth in developed and developing countries . Specifically , this research found that a 1 percentage point increase in female education raises the average level of gross domestic product by .37 and raises annual GDP growth rates by .2 on average . Such findings led to the development of 10,000 Women , an initiative that is working with a global network of leading academic and nonprofit partners to provide women at home and abroad with quality management and entrepreneurial education . This education is helping to create a greater number of female-owned small and medium enterprises , and a new generation of leaders poised to have exponential impact . One recent graduate of the program , Tuokpe Esisi , a fashion designer from Nigeria , has already increased her revenues , and immediately invested a portion of her profits to provide tutors for the illiterate male tailors she employs . This not only positions her enterprise for greater growth , but is also a perfect demonstration of the multiplier effect of investing in women . Organizations such as Women for Women International , Camfed and the International Center for Research on Women have long touted this multiplier effect and are supported by private-public partnerships dedicated to the promotion of women leaders . For example , the State Department , with the help of Vital Voices , instituted a mentoring program for the past four years with Fortune 's Most Powerful Women . The program pairs leading U.S. executives -- such as Ann Moore  Time Inc  , Pat Woertz  ADM  , Helene Gayle  Care  and Anne Mulcahy  Xerox  -- with rising female entrepreneurs in developing countries . At the dawn of the 20th century , Egyptian poet Hafez Ibrahim said : "  When you educate a woman , you create a nation . " Nearly a century later , the cause of women 's empowerment has never been more important . As New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof recently put it , gender inequality is "  the dominant moral challenge we face in the 21st century . " This challenge also presents an opportunity we can not afford to squander . We should seize this moment and this momentum . There is tremendous work to be done , but history has shown us that women will not let us down . They will take up the challenge and build up their families , their villages and ultimately all our nations . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Dina Habib Powell .	Dina Powell : As we mark Women 's Month , there are encouraging signs Both parties in the U.S. are taking steps to invest in the role of women , she says She says studies show that more education decreases infant mortality Investing in women 's education leads to increases in economic growth , she says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- John and Elizabeth Calvert enjoyed the good life on Hilton Head Island in South Carolina , friends said , but they were growing more and more suspicious of the way their business books were being handled . Things were n't adding up . Money appeared to be missing . John and Elizabeth Calvert are featured on missing persons posters on Hilton Head Island , South Carolina . So they scheduled a meeting with accountant Dennis Ray Gerwing to address their concerns , recalled one close friend , Nancy Cappelmann . The Calverts said they were meeting with Gerwing at his offices in the upscale resort community at 6 p.m. last March 3 , she added . It would be the last time anyone would see or hear from the couple . The Calverts lived part-time on their yacht , docked at the island 's Harbor Town Yacht Basin , the same marina where they managed boat slips . They spent the rest of the year in Savannah , Georgia , and also had a home in Atlanta . They were an active , affluent couple in their mid-40s , and their absence was quickly noticed . On the evening of March 3 , 2008 , the evening they were to meet with their accountant , both of the Calverts ' phones were turned off . Family members said it was very unusual for either John or Elizabeth Calvert to shut off their cell phones . Watch an update on the case " Family and friends called police and reported the Calverts missing on March 4 , after they missed appointments and still could n't be reached . "  I was supposed to meet John that night and he is never late , so when 20 minutes went by , I got worried and called his cell , but it went straight to voicemail , like it was turned off , " Cappelmann said . She was a good friend of the couple 's and worked at one of their harbor businesses . Police and search teams scoured the island . Divers and dogs searched the harbor and found nothing . The Calverts ' small airplane was still at the island 's airport and provided no clues . Their 2006 Mercedes Benz was found parked at a hotel in Palmetto Dunes , a gated community six miles from where the Calverts ' yacht was docked . The Mercedes also contained no forensic clues . In reconstructing the Calverts ' last days , investigators concluded that Gerwing was worth a deeper look . They now say they believe the 54-year-old accountant was the last person to see the Calverts alive . Gerwing ran the management company that kept the books on the Calverts ' four businesses on Hilton Head Island . Authorities were already looking into possible financial improprieties involving the company , The Club Group . They named Gerwing as a person of interest in the case about a week after the couple disappeared . An internal audit later revealed that Gerwing had embezzled $ 2.1 million from the Calverts and others , police said . Gerwing committed suicide within hours of learning he was a person of interest , slashing his neck and legs with a steak knife , authorities said . He also left behind suicide notes with vague references to the Calvert case , said Beaufort County Sheriff P.J. Tanner . Tanner said the notes indicated some acknowledgement of responsibility for his actions , but did n't say specifically what those actions might have been . Police also gathered circumstantial evidence that seemed to point to Gerwing , including drop cloths large enough to use to wrap bodies and latex gloves purchased on the day the Calverts disappeared . In addition , police learned that Gerwing 's cell phone had been turned off for 12 hours after he was scheduled to meet with the Calverts . If Gerwing were alive , Tanner said , police would n't have enough corroborating evidence to name him a suspect and arrest him . Police executed search warrants on Gerwing 's office , home and vehicles and found soil in Gerwing 's kitchen . Investigators hope analysis of the dirt might provide clues to the origin of the dirt and a new location to continue searching for John and Elizabeth Calvert . Friends and family are offering a $ 65,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the Calverts ' disappearance . Police urge anyone with information about John and Elizabeth Calvert to call the tip line at 843524-2777 . Police also are seeking help from anyone who saw the Calverts ' 2006 Mercedes Benz E320 , Georgia Tech license plate GT821B on or about March 3 , 2008 .	John and Elizabeth Calvert were last seen on March 3 , 2008 They couple lived on board their yacht at Hilton Head Island They were growing suspicious of their accountant ; set up a meeting Have information ? Call 843524-2777 . A $ 65,000 reward is offered
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- The tribunal established to prosecute people allegedly responsible for the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri and 22 others will officially convene at The Hague in Netherlands on Sunday . White wreaths with photos of Rafik Hariri at his tomb . The car bomb in Beirut in February 2005 transformed the turbulent nation 's politics and sent shock waves across the Middle East and the world . "  All the necessary measures have been taken for the Special Tribunal for Lebanon to commence functioning , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon wrote in his latest report to the U.N. Security Council . Daniel Bellemare , a Canadian , will be the U.N. tribunal 's prosecutor . The trial judges and appeals chambers will take on their responsibilities on a date determined by Ban and the tribunal 's president . The United Nations says the case is expected to be ready for trial by 2010 . At the time of Hariri 's death , neighboring Syria had immense political influence Lebanon , where it had had a troop presence from the 1980s , after the fighting between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization in Lebanon . Hariri was admired for spearheading the rebuilding of Beirut after the country 's civil war , from 1975 to 1990 , and many Lebanese blamed Syria for the killing , citing Hariri 's patriotism and strong sense of Lebanese independence . The killing sparked widespread protests that led to the eventual withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon and the election of an anti-Syrian bloc in parliament . The anti-Syrian movement is known as the March 14 Alliance , named after the day millions of supporters of Hariri took to the streets , and its actions have been dubbed the Cedar Revolution , for the nation 's iconic cedar trees . Huge counterprotests also were staged by Lebanese supporters of Syria . Watch how Lebanon changed after Hariri 's death " Along the way , U.N. investigators tasked to probe the attack found links between Syria 's government and Hariri 's assassination . Three people detained for three years in connection with the case were released Wednesday by a Lebanese judge . Four Lebanese generals who have been held for nearly four years in connection with the attack remain in custody . The Lebanese hope the tribunal will settle the case , but there are also fears it could further divide the nation and open up older wounds in the country . Rami Khoury , a political analyst and a professor at the American University of Beirut , said the tribunal could serve as a political flashpoint , but he said the existence of the tribunal is important . "  It 's an extraordinary symbol of the whole world coming in here , to the Arab world , and saying this has to stop , we 're going to find who did it and hold them accountable , " he said . "  So it 's tremendously important , I think , in what it represents . " The special tribunal takes over from the Beirut-based International Independent Investigation Commission , which looked into 20 other attacks and found elements linking some of them to a criminal network behind the Hariri killing , the United Nations said .	U.N. tribunal for killing of former Lebanon prime minister to convene Sunday Rafik Hariri killed in car bomb in Beirut in February 2005 U.N. says the case is expected to be ready for trial by 2010 Death led to protests and reduction of Syrian influence in Lebanon
EW.com  -- This is how it generally works : Jay Pharoah or Jason Sudeikis screams "  Live from New York , it 's Saturday Night ! " The house band kicks in , the immortal Don Pardo announces the cast . And then , the stage door opens , and a smiling celebrity walks out towards the camera . You try and gauge her body language because what you really want to know is : Is this going to be funny ? It 's late on Saturday night and you just need to know whether you 're going to watch this from start to finish right now ... or whether you should go to bed and simply scan through "  Weekend Update " tomorrow on the DVR . Like a football or basketball game , a host ca n't "  win " "  SNL " with a great opening monologue , but he or she sure can screw it up . So it 's no surprise that the best hosts typically come out of the gate revving on all cylinders . Good jokes help , and so do pratfalls , but the best of the best remind us that this is live television . It can be messy , and it can even be a trainwreck . But whatever it is , it ca n't be boring . ` Saturday Night Live ' best-host contest : Who deserves a second chance ? For the second straight year , EW.com readers have voted to determine who was "  SNL 's " best host . Throughout the show 's season , the most recent host was pitted against the four most popular previous hosts in a vote , and the one with the least number of voters was eliminated while the four survivors advanced to the next week . Like any democracy , it 's a system that 's not without its flaws . This year , we rigged modified the system with what I call the Barabbas Addendum , which restored a previously eliminated host to the final vote . The electorate rescued Seth MacFarlane to join our final five : Martin Short , Justin Timberlake , Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig and Ben Affleck . I 've said before that there are very few happy accidents on "  Saturday Night Live . " Comedy is precise . Live comedy is a gauntlet that can expose and undermine the proudest of entertainers . Each of our finalists , however , delivered monologues that set the tone for excellent shows that showcased the best of their abilities . ` Saturday Night Live ' finale recap : Ben Affleck shines , but Stefon and Fred Armisen steal the show More importantly for the success of the show , all of them also had a blast . I mean , it 's possible they were terrified underneath , but once the show began , all six of them were giggly and daring and totally committed . They 're good at hosting because they embrace the experience , trusting the writers and trusting their own talent . Before we announce the winner of Mr.  or Mrs.  Saturday Night 2013 , though , there are four other non-democratic awards to present . Most Underrated Host : Louis CK  November 3 It helps , of course , if you think CK is a comic genius , but even if you 're not tuned in to his brand of comedy , his first time hosting had a refreshingly off-beat vibe . Some hosts come in to Studio 8H and adhere to the proven formula and trust the writers to protect them . You almost got the sense that CK came with his own ideas  $ " and the writing staff gave the comic 's comic a wide berth to make the show his own . It was n't perfect , but it felt like a CK joint . The monologue was a seven-minute stand-up bit on helping an ancient , disoriented Old World lady get to her airplane on time , and the show wrapped up with the original "  Last Call " sketch , co-starring Kate McKinnon . In between there was the brilliant "  Lincoln " short and the glorious "  Game of Thrones " - inspired misfire .  The latter literally gets funnier every time you watch it ... because it has to .  CK lasted a few weeks in our voting contest before being eliminated by Jeremy Renner , but if he hosts again next year he 's a total must-watch , especially with one show under his belt . Best First-time Host : Seth MacFarlane  September 15 In some ways , MacFarlane 's first appearance on "  Saturday Night Live " was an audition for the Oscars . Less than a month after hosting the season premiere , the Academy Awards announced that the creative force behind "  Family Guy " and "  Ted " would host Hollywood 's biggest night . On "  SNL , " he sang , he provided voices , he mimicked celebrities . He did everything every host tries to do  $ " he just did all of them well . Actually , I suspect MacFarlane is one of those whose second and third shows will be even better than his promising debut , in which he leaned on the easy references his biggest fans would most appreciate . With those out of the way , he should be even freer and more unpredictable the next time he visits . Seth Meyers will return to ` SNL ' this fall , leave for ` Late Night ' in 2014 Best Opening Monologue : Vince Vaughn  April 13 There was a long sad stretch this season where every action star and Oscar nominee seemed eager to prove his versatility by singing during his "  SNL " monologue . I 'll admit it is sorta funny when someone like quarterback Tom Brady tries something this outlandish , but if you 're an entertainer to start with , you have to be a-maze-ing at singing or dancing to get me to give two hoots about your hidden talent . Vaughn went in a completely different direction , wheeling out the classic , rat-tat-tat "  Swingers " / "  Old School " Vince Vaughn who likes to perform without a net . Was his interaction with the audience scripted ? Was it half-scripted ? Was it totally ad-libbed ? For a few seconds , I was sweating for him . But as time went on , he seemed perfectly in control . I dug it in a very serious way . If it was simply Vaughn being Vaughn , then kudos . But if it was the writers , then bully for them . Best Sketch Starring the Host : "  Homeland , " with Anne Hathaway If you were n't a viewer of Showtime 's "  Homeland , " which stars Claire Danes as an unstable CIA operative intimately involved with her most dangerous suspect , this sketch was likely four minutes of scrunched noses and raised eyebrows . But if you were obsessed with the show , like the nearly 6 million people who watched the season two finale , Hathaway 's impression of jazz-freakout Carrie was one of the most perceptive caricatures "  SNL " has ever showcased . Hathaway even took time during her farewell later that night to apologize to Danes for poking fun , but she had absolutely nothing to be sorry about . Can we hope "  Homeland " is in the middle of a season again the next time Hathaway gets the call ? The 2013 Mrs.  or Mr.  Saturday Night is ... ... Justin Timberlake . Timberlake 's episode , which featured him being inducted into the exclusive Five-Timers Club , had the look and feel of a coronation . The show occurred at the center of a Timberlake promotional blitz that was anything but subtle  $ " he even spent an entire week on "  Late Night " with his "  History of Rap " partner Jimmy Fallon . On his much-hyped return to "  SNL , " he dominated the cold-open as Elton John , reunited with Andy Samberg to meet two wild and crazy Czechoslovakian brothers , and brought his foam mascot get-up to Veganville . Even Internet cynics struggled to complain . Melissa McCarthy was the runner-up for the second consecutive year .  You know the saying , always a "  Bridesmaid ... "  But she 's certainly now on the short list of essential hosts , along with Timberlake , Fallon , Wiig , Zach Galifianakis and Jon Hamm  who by the way , despite popping up for frequent cameos lately , has n't hosted since 2010  . Of course , the person I 'm already looking forward to hosting next season was a cast member just five days ago . Bill Hader will be missed , and I suspect he 'll want to take some time before he returns to the show as a host . Nevertheless , it 's tempting to circle September 27 on the calendar , the day that "  Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 " arrives in theaters . Bill Hader exits ` Saturday Night Live ' Thanks again for voting throughout the year , and congratulations to Justin Timberlake , Mr. Saturday Night 2013 . See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW.com hosts a best "  Saturday Night Live " host poll Readers chose Justin Timberlake as the best host this year He beat out Melissa McCarthy , who came in second place
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Oskana Grigorieva 's appearance on "  Oprah " has been "  postponed indefinitely , " a source close to Grigorieva said . A spokesman for Oprah Winfrey told CNN Tuesday "  We have nothing to announce at this time . " Lawyers for Grigorieva have "  ongoing communications " with "  Oprah producers , " said the source , who asked not to be identified since the source was not authorized to speak publicly about it . Grigorieva 's visit with Oprah Winfrey "  was about to happen , but has been postponed indefinitely , " the source said . She had done one interview with People Magazine but that is "  hanging in the balance , " the source said . Her lawyers did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . Gibson and Grigorieva are involved in a bitter child custody dispute over their 8-month-old daughter . Both of them are also the targets of parallel investigations by the Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department . Police in Malibu Hills , California , opened the investigation earlier in July into an alleged domestic violence incident between Gibson and Oksana Grigorieva . Grigorieva has accused Gibson of striking her in the face , while he alleges that she attempted to extort him to keep controversial recordings of their arguments secret . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Mel Gibson 's ex-girlfriend has been set to appear on "  Oprah , " source says Grigorieva and Mel Gibson are in a bitter child custody battle Her lawyers are still in contact with "  Oprah " producers , source says
Atlanta  CNN  -- Rudolph Byrd , a prominent scholar of African-American studies at Emory University in Atlanta , died Friday after a long battle with multiple myeloma . He was 58 . "  For many of us Rudolph was not only a symbol of dignity , propriety , determination , elegance and stamina , he embodied what it meant to live with purposefulness and grace , even to the very end , " Earl Lewis , provost and executive vice president for academic affairs , wrote Friday in announcing Byrd 's death to the Emory community . Byrd joined Emory 's faculty in 1991 and he gained accolades with such honors as the Thomas Jefferson Award and the Andrew W. Mellon fellowship from Harvard University . He was a founder of the James Weldon Johnson Institute for the Study of Race and Difference , and the founding co-chair of the Alice Walker Literary Society , named for "  The Color Purple " author . As director of the Johnson Institute , which is dedicated to the study of civil rights history , Byrd helped create CNN Dialogues , a community forum "  that aims to highlight diverse ideas and perspectives " on the current issues of the day . "  Through these myriad efforts , Rudolph sought to fuse his abiding belief that universities helped build civil societies by engaging broadly and vigorously , " Lewis wrote in his statement . Nancy Seideman , associate vice president for university communications , knew Byrd since he joined Emory 20 years ago . She remembered him Friday as "  a wonderful scholar and a wonderful mentor ... who meant so much to all of us in the Emory community . " A graduate of Lewis & Clark College and Yale University , Byrd was the author of 10 books , including "  The World Has Changed : Conversations with Alice Walker . " Byrd had been on medical leave from the university for some weeks , and it was announced earlier this month that all treatment options had been exhausted . "  As others have said more than once in the last few weeks , Rudolph remained the consummate teacher : he taught us to live and how to die , " Lewis said . Byrd is survived by his longtime partner , Henry Leonard . A memorial service will be held next week . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	Emory University 's Rudolph Byrd was 58 He was a "  symbol of dignity , propriety , " university official says He was the founder of the James Weldon Johnson Institute
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A former motor-racing engineer has unveiled a prototype of a new hydrogen-powered city car which claims to emit less than one third of the carbon emissions produced by its nearest rival . The Riversimple Urban Car has been nine years in the making and needs further funding for city trials . The creators of the ` Urban Car , ' UK-based company Riversimple , say the vehicle emits less than 30 grams per kilometer of carbon dioxide , less than one third of the carbon produced by the Polo Bluemotion . Riversimple founder Hugo Spowers has spent nine years researching and developing the prototype car . "  I think that the auto industry is focusing a lot of money on research and development at a basic science level on hydrogen storage and fuel cell technology . We do n't think it 's necessary to do that , " Spowers told CNN . "  We can use existing technology and integrate it into a whole system design approach -- that is where the breakthrough has come . " Spowers is searching for extra funding to put the ` Urban Car ' on the streets , but he says at this stage they wo n't be for sale . Riversimple plans to lease the car to customers for a monthly fee of # 200  $ 330  . Hydrogen fuel for the cars will cost just 15 pence  25 cents  per mile . It 's a long way from the fuel-guzzling world Spowers used to inhabit as a designer and developer of high-powered racing cars . It was the industry 's appalling environmental record that encouraged him to leave to try to find a way to make driving greener . "  Certainly the first five or six years were hard work because I did have an awful lot of people telling me I was mad , " Spowers told CNN , at the launch of the Riversimple Urban Car in London . "  Gradually it all sort of gathered steam , " he said , adding "  I 'm absolutely convinced that we 're offering a better solution for a segment of the transport problem and we 'd be crazy not to pursue it . " The Urban Car 's power comes from hydrogen fuel cells which are linked to four electric motors situated over each of the car 's wheels . Almost all of the braking is done by the electric motors , which then capture the energy of the car in motion and store it in a bank of ultracapacitors . In conventional cars , the energy generated through braking is lost as heat . The energy stored in the Urban Car 's electric motors is enough to power 80 percent of the car 's acceleration . That reduces the energy demands on the hydrogen fuel cell , meaning it can be one fifth of the size of one used in a normal car . The lighter fuel cell also makes it more energy efficient . A large part of the funding for the car 's development came from the family of Ernst Pich , the eldest grandson of Ferdinand Porsche who founded the motor company of the same name in 1931 . Ferdinand Porsche 's great-grandson Sebastien Pich is a partner in Riversimple . He says the company 's nimble size has given it an advantage over larger car manufacturers whose future he says concerns him . "  It concerns me massively , because I do n't see that the model they have now is very relevant to where consumers are going . Consumers are looking for a different solution . I 'm not sure if what they 're producing is working , " he said . Riversimple plans to share the designs for its car through open-source licence agreements , a system more commonly used in the software industry . Designers and manufacturers will be invited to make improvements so the car evolves into the most efficient vehicle it can be . "  We do n't believe that making money on IP  intellectual property  is really what 's actually happening even now . We believe that service and providing the solution for customers will be where we make money , " Pich told CNN . The next step now is to find further financing , another # 20 million  $ 33 million  , to build and test ten cars . Fifty prototypes will then be built for a pilot project in a small city . The location is still to be confirmed , but Riversimple has narrowed down its options to small towns in the United Kingdom , perhaps Oxford or Peterborough . "  I 'm very confident we 'll get it to market , " Spowers said . "  I could n't say hand on heart that I 'm confident that we 'll achieve what I think technically can be done . That 's a bit in the lap of the gods and it 's all to do with people , politics and business -- all a bit more unpredictable . "	Riversimple launches car prototype with lowest level of carbon emissions Car is powered by a hydrogen fuel cell and four electric motors over the wheels Company 's looking for $ 33 million dollars to build ten cars for trials Designer Spowers used expertise he gained in motor racing to build prototype
CNN  -- Mid-table English Premier League side Blackburn Rovers want to sign former world player of the year Ronaldinho and persuade football icon David Beckham to come to them on loan from Los Angeles Galaxy . Rovers ' manager Steve Kean said the prospect of AC Milan star Ronaldinho and Beckham coming to Ewood Park during the January transfer window was a sign of the ambition shown by the club 's new Indian owners . "  If you asked any Premier League manager if they wanted somebody who had been the world player of the year twice , then I reckon they would say ` yes I 'm interested , " he told the club 's website on Tuesday . "  It is something that puts us on the map as far as trying to bring players of great stature to the club . " Who will be the bargain signings of the January sales ? Poultry giants Venky 's took control of the Blackburn in November and sacked former boss Sam Allardyce the following month when they handed the role to Kean . Ronaldinho , who was named FIFA World Player of the Year in 2004 and 2005 , has struggled to recapture his best form at the San Siro and has also been linked with a likely return to former club Gremio in Brazil . "  It shows our intent , " said Kean on Blackburn 's bid for the former Barcelona playmaker . "  It shows we are trying to go to a different level and I think that can only be positive . "  In some areas it has been perceived and written about as if it is something of a negative , but I just ca n't see that . " Former Real Madrid and Manchester United midfielder Beckham , who has been linked with a return to England during the Major League Soccer close season , has emerged as another target for Rovers . The British media reported Tottenham Hotspur and Newcastle United are also chasing the 35-year-old , but Venky 's chair Anuradha Desai told the BBC that Blackburn were "  open whenever he is ready to come . " Desai also confirmed the club 's interest in Ronaldinho and outlined the financial package on offer to the 2002 World Cup winner . "  He  Ronaldinho  is keen to play in the English Premier League and I think that goes in our favor . "  To be precise  it is  $ 7.6 m  $ 10.1 m  for the first year and about $ 8.5 m  $ 11.4 m  for the second and third years , " she added .	Blackburn Rovers have launched a bid to bring AC Milan 's Ronaldinho to England The club have also confirmed an offer is on the table for David Beckham to come on loan Manager Steve Kean says the double bid shows the club 's ambition Indian poultry giants Venky 's took control of the EPL club in November
Diane Butrym does n't fit the stereotype of an eating disorder patient . She 's a 51-year-old microbiologist and mother of two , not a troubled teen or 20-something , yet for the past decade she has struggled with bulimia . Butrym 's problem began in 2002 , which was an eventful year for her . That March she was diagnosed with breast cancer , and in October , after a successful course of treatment , she was struck by a car in a crosswalk on her way home from work , sustaining multiple ankle and knee injuries that required surgery . She had always been slim and athletic , and exercise was her outlet for stress . Sidelined with her injuries , Butrym began sharply restricting her calorie intake so she would n't gain weight , and before long she was binging and purging . The cycle started to feel addictive ; it gave her much-needed pleasure and also eased her stress . "  I was really angry about what was happening , and I did n't know any other way of getting rid of my anger , " says Butrym , who lives in Schenectady , New York . Butrym 's case is hardly textbook . Bulimia and anorexia tend to emerge during adolescence , not middle age , and the disorders are more prevalent among young people . Butrym may not be as exceptional as she seems , however . In recent years , doctors and researchers have begun to look more closely at disordered eating in mid-life . Despite the growing attention , experts say the problem is likely underreported , partly because adult women disguise behaviors such as purging , and partly because eating disorders typically are n't on the radar screen of doctors who care for this age group . "  Eating disorders are still in the closet to a large extent , especially for adult women , " says Margo Maine , Ph.D. , a clinical psychologist in private practice in West Hartford , Connecticut , who specializes in treating the disorders . "  Adult women have such shame about admitting it . " Health.com : Are eating disorders a form of substance abuse ? How eating disorders differ in mid-life Full-fledged eating disorders are rare at any age , affecting fewer than 3 % of teenagers and 1 % of adults at any given time , according to government estimates .  An overwhelming majority of cases occur in women . However , a smattering of data from around the world suggests the behaviors associated with bulimia and anorexia may be more common in mid-life than previously believed . The most recent evidence comes from a survey of 1,849 women age 50 and up , the results of which were published last week in the International Journal of Eating Disorders . Eight percent of the respondents reported purging in the previous five years , and 7 % said their efforts to control their weight led them to exercise so much that it had begun to interfere with their daily functioning . The survey , which was conducted online , is n't a reliable gauge of how common these behaviors are among adult women in the general population . But the results do provide a glimpse into disordered eating in middle age that rings true with the growing anecdotal evidence , the researchers say . "  My gut says this is pretty on-target , " says Cynthia Bulik , Ph.D. , the lead researcher of the survey and the director of the eating disorders program at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . What 's driving these women to purge or work out excessively ? Although the survey did n't examine this question in detail , a majority of the survey respondents said they felt dissatisfied with their bodies -- a hallmark of eating disorders across all age groups . Indeed , previous research suggests that many of the factors that underlie eating disorders in young people may contribute to similar problems in older populations . According to a 2008 study in the Journal of General Psychology , the most common drivers include stress , depression , perfectionism , and social pressure to be thin , in addition to body dissatisfaction . Health.com : How to help someone who 's depressed Butrym 's story is unusual in that most middle-aged women with eating disorders do not become ill for the first time as adults , Mainesays . But there is some evidence that certain stressful experiences that are more common in middle age -- such as divorce , the death of a spouse , or medical scares like Butrym 's -- may help trigger , or reawaken , an eating disorder . Weight gain and body changes related to aging likely play a role as well . As menopause approaches , metabolism slows and estrogen production drops , causing shifts in fat distribution that can lead to a thicker middle , even for women who are eating healthy and exercising regularly . Most women gain eight to 10 pounds during the transition through menopause , which could aggravate any predispositions for disordered eating , Maine says . An epidemic of body dissatisfaction Women like Butrym who develop full-blown eating disorders may simply be the most extreme examples of a widespread fixation on body size among middle-aged women , Bulik 's survey suggests . More than 70 % of the women in the survey said they were currently trying to lose weight , and 62 % said they felt concerns about weight , shape , or eating had a negative impact on their life "  occasionally " or "  often . " Forty-one percent said they scrutinized their body at least once a day -- by pinching their waist , for example . Frustration with menopause-related weight gain , in particular , shone through in the answers to the survey 's open-ended questions , Bulik says . "  A lot of the women said , ` Who stole my waist ? Where did my waist go ? " Health.com : Tips for eating healthy during menopause Maine and Bulik agree that the pressures adult women face at home , in the workplace , and in society are probably making matters worse . The changes associated with menopause are perfectly natural , but they are n't always easy to reconcile with catchphrases like "  30 is the new 50 " or the day-to-day demands of modern life . Many middle-aged women are juggling child rearing and work responsibilities , or caring for aging patients . That can leave little time for planning healthy meals or exercising , at a stage of life when the amount ofexercise needed to maintain one 's weight -- let alone drop a few pounds -- goes up . "  As a culture , we live in a very , very stressful time , and for women this is even more so , because our roles have changed so dramatically , " says Maine , coauthor of "  The Body Myth : Adult Women and the Pressure to be Perfect . " "  We have little time -LSB- and -RSB- few avenues with which to cope with the stress , and dieting and exercise abuse and weight loss are ritualistic ways for us to manage our stress . " The preoccupation with body size seen in the new survey can take a psychological toll even when it does n't develop into an eating disorder . Many women who took the survey reported feeling distracted and preoccupied by their weight and shape as they went about their everyday tasks , Bulik says . An often-overlooked problem Eating disorders are hard on the body , especially over a long period of time . They can be fatal , and even in less dire cases they can lead to serious heart problems , digestive problems , tooth decay , and osteoporosis , which is already a major concern for postmenopausal women . "  We 're actually more concerned about the physical consequences for women as they get older , because their bodies just do n't bounce back as well , " Bulik says . "  All of those systems start not being as robust as we get older . ... Add an eating disorder and the risk goes up . " Health.com : When eating healthy turns obsessive The standard treatment for disordered eating typically includes psychotherapy , as well as counseling about nutrition and eating habits . Women need to be proactive about seeking care , Maine says , since doctors -- and especially primary care physicians -- often overlook problematic eating behaviors in older women . "  There 's really a lot of help available , but women have to find it , " Maine says . "  It 's not going to come to them , unfortunately . " A good place to start , she adds , is the National Eating Disorders Association . Butrym sought treatment in 2003 . She recovered , but her life stresses snowballed : She failed to receive workers ' compensation for her accident injuries , and she wound up losing her job in a hospital lab . She started purging again , and she has cycled out of inpatient and outpatient treatment since then . Butrym is currently in recovery , and going back to school to study public health . "  I 'm excited about having a new career and having a new life , " she says . "  That 's what recovery and therapy is all about , ... realizing and seeing that you 're more important than that number on the scale , or the number of wrinkles you have . You have more to give people than that superficial life . "	Diane Butrym 's eating disorder developed after she was diagnosed with cancer Butrym may not fit the stereotype of an eating disorder patient , but she 's not exceptional Eating disorders still "  in the closet " for adult women These women have said they feel dissatisfied with their bodies
Another Washington political showdown took shape Tuesday as the House of Representatives passed a Republican plan that would extend the payroll tax cut and speed the process for government approval of the Keystone XL oil pipeline . The bill , approved on a 234-193 vote largely on party lines , now goes to the Senate , where it was unlikely to pass due to strong opposition from Democratic leaders . And the White House says President Barack Obama will veto the plan if it reaches his desk , setting up further brinksmanship with Congress scheduled to leave Washington for its holiday recess at the end of the week . "  This Congress needs to do its job and stop the tax hike that 's scheduled to affect 160 million Americans in 18 days , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said in a statement after the vote . "  This is not a time for Washington Republicans to score political points against the president . " The impasse involves a convergence of major issues , including the payroll tax-cut extension and a spending bill that must pass in order to keep the government funded after Friday . Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , agreed that Congress must not go home for the holidays without extending the payroll tax cut that saves working Americans an average of $ 1,000 a year , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . Without spelling out a specific order of necessary steps , Carney made clear that Obama wants Congress to approve both a payroll tax plan and the broad government spending bill . Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky characterized the Democratic stance as a threat to delay action on the spending plan until a compromise is reached on the payroll tax cut measure . That could cause a government shutdown after Friday , McConnell warned . Carney , however , insisted that Congress has plenty of time to act on all of the outstanding measures , and called for a payroll tax extension free of the pipeline provision . Earlier , Speaker John Boehner and other House Republican leaders told reporters that the payroll tax measure to be voted on later in the day had bipartisan support and would create jobs while also preventing a tax increase for American workers next year . When the vote came , 10 Democrats joined 224 Republicans voting for the bill , while 14 Republicans joined 179 Democrats voting against it . Asked about opposition by Senate Democrats who say they will reject the House measure , Boehner said : "  The Senate will have to do whatever they have to do . " The pipeline , which is currently in limbo as the State Department considers objections from environmentalists , would bring oil from Canada 's oil sands in northern Alberta to Texas . More on the pipeline showdown The State Department recently said its decision on the Keystone XL pipeline would be delayed until 2013 to allow examination of environmental issues raised by critics , a move Republicans labeled as political , to put off the issue until after next year 's presidential election . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said the payroll tax cut measure does exactly what Obama has been calling for by providing tax protection for working class Americans while creating new jobs through the pipeline project . Rep. Jeb Hensarling , R-Texas , offered a colorful take on what will happen if Reid blocks the House plan , as threatened . "  If Sen. Reid wants to hold up the jobs bill , he will go on Santa 's naughty list , " Hensarling said . Reid and other Democrats argue the pipeline project requires more study and should not be fast-tracked as part of a political calculation by Republicans . On Tuesday , Reid said Republicans must compromise with Democrats instead of trying to push through proposals intended to appease conservatives in their caucus . "  Speaker Boehner had to add ideological candy coating to his bill to get rebellious , rank-and-file Republicans on board , " Reid said , adding : "  They are wasting time catering to the tea party when they should be working with Democrats on a bipartisan package that can pass both houses . " The House GOP proposal would both change the process and shorten the time frame for the government to approve the proposed pipeline from Canada to Texas . But Monday , the State Department said that would make it impossible for it to complete needed environmental , national security and safety studies . "  In the absence of properly completing the process , the department would be unable to make a determination to issue a permit for this project , " the State Department said in a written response to questions about the measure . Boehner dismissed the State Department 's warning later Monday , saying the pipeline had been under review for three years and , "  All the work has been done . " "  The only thing arbitrary about this decision is the decision by the president to say , ` Well , let 's wait until after the next election , ' " Boehner said . "  The American people want jobs , and this is as close to a shovel-ready project as you 're ever going to see . " The House GOP measure extends the payroll tax cut for one year and renews aid for the unemployed , while cutting back the maximum length of jobless benefits from the current 99 weeks to 59 . The bill also allows states more flexibility in distributing unemployment assistance , permitting states to require those applying to submit to drug tests or show they are pursuing a high school degree , if they do n't have one . The bill would also avoid a scheduled cut in pay for Medicare physicians for two years , a provision known as the "  doc fix . " To pay for the bill , GOP leaders use a series of spending cuts , including freezing pay for federal employees and members of Congress , eliminating a child tax credit for those in the United States illegally , and increasing Medicare premiums for those who earn more than $ 80,000 annually . The pipeline issue is just one part of the problem for Senate Democrats who disagree with "  central elements " of the GOP bill , including the length of the unemployment insurance extension , the proposed cost offsets and the weakening of some environmental regulations . Carney said Tuesday the spending cuts go deeper than levels agreed to in August in the deal negotiated by Congress and the White House to raise the federal debt ceiling . Democrats led by Obama have been pushing for the payroll tax cut extension ; Republicans initially opposed the plan but have now signed on . However , the parties are at loggerheads over how to pay for it as well as the political optics over who should get credit , as an election year approaches . As a way to garner support from reluctant conservative Republicans , who voiced concerns about the impact of the payroll tax cut on Social Security , GOP leaders insisted on keeping the provision aimed at moving toward approving the pipeline project within 60 days . Senate Democrats have begun working on a new bill of their own after Republicans blocked progress on their previous proposals that included a surtax on income over $ 1 million . Meanwhile , in the other big bill Congress needs to get done before funding expires , House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers told reporters off the House floor Monday that negotiators have worked out a deal on the year-end spending bill that wraps nine remaining bills into one package . The Kentucky Republican said there are some "  policy riders " in the deal , but he declined to get into any specifics on which ones , saying he wants the staff to finish writing the legislation before he talks about any details . But Rogers said it is taking some time to "  cross the T 's " so the bill would not be posted online Monday night , which puts off the House vote to Thursday at the earliest . Rogers was confident the House would pass the bill , saying , "  We 'll get it done by " Friday . According to two senior House Republican leadership aides , Reid has told Boehner he would hold up the spending bill until both sides negotiate a compromise on the payroll tax cut bill . Asked about a potential government shutdown , House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer of Maryland said Congress may need to pass a short-term spending measure to prevent a shutdown if the parties fail to reach agreement on the various unresolved issues , including the extension of both the payroll tax cut and unemployment benefits . Carney also said Tuesday that a continuing resolution on spending is a possible short-term solution to provide more time to work out a deal on the payroll tax measure .	"  Congress needs to do its job and stop the tax hike , " the White House says The bill now goes to the Senate , where it is unlikely to pass Republicans are linking the payroll tax to a controversial oil pipeline from Canada to Texas Democrats accuse Republicans of playing politics with a tax cut they traditionally support
CNN  -- Slovakian sensation Peter Sagan made it a hat-trick of stage wins on his debut in the Tour de France as he sprinted to victory in Metz Friday . The 22-year-old Sagan has extended his lead in the battle for the green points jersey after denying German Andre Greipel his third straight stage win . But the 210-km sixth stage from Eperney was marred by a mass pile-up 26km from the finish which claimed a number of contenders for overall honors . Race leader Fabian Cancellara , favorite Bradley Wiggins and defending champion Cadel Evans avoided the crash . But Giro d'Italia winner Ryder Hesjedal  Garmin-Sharp-Barracuda  and RadioShack star Frank Schleck all but saw their hopes ended along with French favorite Thomas Voeckler and Dutchman Robert Gesink . The globalization of the Tour de France Britain 's Mark Cavendish  Team Sky  was also held up to leave Sagan to battle it out with a reluctant Greipel , who had gone down twice in earlier incidents to leave his confidence shaken . Australia 's Matt Goss  Orica-GreenEdge  finished third . The decisive crash came as the peloton chased a four-man breakaway on a straight but tight section of road . Several riders were injured and behind it was chaos , with many competitors held up and looking for new bikes and wheels . Hesjedal 's teammate , David Millar of Britain , summed it up on his Twitter blog : "  Oh sweet jesus that was scary . Approx 70km/h pile up , like a tidal wave of debris smashing towards us , could do nothing but brake and pray . " A whittled down peloton of eventually caught the frontrunners of David Zabriskie  Garmin  , Davide Malacarne  Europcar  , Karsten Kroon  Saxo Bank  and Romain Zingle  Cofidis  , with Sagan going on to show his undoubted class at the finish .	Peter Sagan wins third stage on his debut in the Tour de France Slovakian increases lead in the battle for the green jersey Fabian Cancellara holds on to race leader 's yellow jersey Host of leading contenders lose time after mass pile-up
Washington  CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush said Tuesday that he wanted to publish his personal biography about his father , former President George H.W. Bush , now because "  I wanted Dad to be alive -- to be able to see how much not only I care for him but a lot of people care for him . " "  His presidency in many ways was overshadowed by his predecessor , and that 's understandable , " Bush said . " -LSB- But -RSB- people are beginning to reassess the presidency of 41 and I want to be a part of that process and I wanted him to know that that process was going to take place . " Bush 's comments came at an event with his father Tuesday marking the launch of the 43rd president 's personal biography of the 41st president . The discussion was moderated by former George W. Bush chief of staff Andy Card and held at the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library at Texas A&M University in College Station . It was a heartfelt tribute to the elder Bush , who left the White House 22 years ago and is now 90 . At 90 , Bush 41 ` enjoys life to the fullest ' The younger Bush called "  41 : A Portrait of My Father , " "  a pretty good read " about the man he said is the best one-term president in U.S. history . He said the inspiration came from a conversation with the daughter of renowned presidential biographer David McCullough , who told him that her father had always wished he could have read a book by John Quincy Adams about his father , John Adams . Bush said he thought : "  Well , I can do that . " During the 45-minute event , the younger Bush told a number of stories about his father -- some funny and some touching . He said his father thinks about the men he served with when he was a pilot during World War II -- including radio man John Delaney and gunner Ted White , who died when their plane was shot down . The elder Bush was the only survivor . Bush said he did n't know until he started researching for the book that his father had invited the sisters of Delaney and White to visit him in the Oval Office . "  That 's one of the most difficult aspects of the presidency is to be the comforter-in-chief , and I learned at the knee of the master , " he said . He also discussed the friendship his father developed with his 1992 rival and then successor , former President Bill Clinton . That relationship , he said , speaks to "  Bill Clinton 's great respect for George H.W. Bush , and George H.W. Bush 's great humility that he would n't allow an election to intercede a unique friendship . " And he told several humorous childhood stories -- including the young family 's move from Yale University to Odessa , Texas , where they lived in a duplex and shared a bathroom with two "  ladies of the night . " He said his father once discovered that a 6-year-old George W. Bush had stolen toy soldiers from a local shop , and made him return them and apologize to the store 's owner . "  It was n't just putting them back in this little bowl that I 'd taken them from , " he said . "  It was apologizing and learning responsibility . " He said when he was 18 , his parents invited him to dinner one-on-one , and it became clear that his mother had something she wanted to discuss . "  I discovered and ash tray under your bed . You smoke , " Barbara Bush said . "  And Dad looked at her and said , ` So do you . ' " The event came amid increased focus on the Bush family as another member , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , considers a run for president -- with a decision expected late this year or early next year . Busy week under way for Bush 41 Bush said it "  would be awesome " if his brother Jeb runs for the White House -- and that his brother and Hillary Clinton are "  the two most qualified people in being able to tell you what it 's like to be president . " "  He ought to run for president and would be a great president should he win , " Bush said of his brother . But he said his brother is making a "  very personal decision " about whether a presidential campaign would be right for his family , and that outside pressure is n't going to influence his decision . Also , he said , his brother is troubled by the idea of a political class . "  The idea of Bush , Clinton , Bush , Obama , Bush troubles him , " he said . " ... I said , ` How 's this sound : Bush , Clinton , Bush , Obama , Clinton ? ' The point is , you do n't get to pick the environment in which you run . "	President George W. Bush has written a personal biography of his father , President George H.W. Bush Bush said he wanted his father to be alive to read the book and understand how his son feels about him Bush also said it "  would be awesome " if his brother Jeb Bush runs for the White House in 2016
John Meyers remembers standing at ground zero , feeling like a small speck amid mountains of debris . "  Everything was pulverized , " said Meyers , a former New York police officer and first-responder who provided security after the September 11 terror attacks . "  It was nothing but dust . " For 20 days , during 14-hour shifts , Meyers breathed in countless chemicals ; he even ate meals on site as the dust hovered . Most of that time , he did not wear a mask . In retrospect , he said , "  We were ingesting whole buildings . " Less than four years later , at age 46 , Meyers was diagnosed with stage IV oropharyngeal cancer . One tumor had formed in Meyers ' throat and two on his lymph nodes . An ultrasound later revealed another tumor near his collarbone . "  All four were malignant , " said Meyers , who choked up as he recalled being diagnosed . "  I asked , ` What 's my chances ? ' No one could give me an answer . " According to the most recent data from the World Trade Center Health Program , there are nearly 3,000 cases of cancer among firefighters , police officers , contractors and civilians who worked or lived near the site of the attacks . A growing number are being diagnosed with oropharyngeal cancer , but some -- including Meyers -- are being denied insurance coverage because their cancers were diagnosed too soon after 9/11 . The minimum latency period for oropharyngeal cancers -- in other words , the minimum time period required to prove a link between exposure to toxins at ground zero and a diagnosis of that type of cancer -- is four years . Absent this type of dramatic environmental exposure , oropharyngeal cancers in most cases take one or two decades to develop , although recent studies suggest that cases are being diagnosed at younger ages and more frequently . Meyers was diagnosed three years and 10 months after his work at ground zero , about eight weeks shy of eligibility for cancer coverage or compensation . "  We got screwed , " he said . "  They do n't know what the latency period should be ; four years may be right , or it may be wrong . " The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health determined the latency periods for 58 cancers , including oropharyngeal , now covered under its WTC Health Program . In a statement , the institute said it "  selected minimum latencies informed by the available science " and that it "  erred on the member-favorable side to avoid false negatives for coverage . " In documents outlining its process , the agency acknowledged that , for the most part , data in this area are scant . "  At the time they came up with the latency period , there was nothing unreasonable about it , " said Noah Kushlefsky , a partner at the Kreindler & Kreindler law firm in New York , which is representing thousands of 9/11 responders , including Meyers . That is because it was not known what effects cancer would have on this population . But in the two years since latency for cancers was spelled out -- and many cases later -- Kushlefsky says , it has become "  an inescapable fact that the latency period has to be wrong . " Wrong , he says , because of the sheer number of oropharyngeal cancer cases he is seeing cross his desk . Kushlefsky , along with colleagues at another New York law firm , represents about 7,500 people exposed to toxins while working at ground zero . He says 39 have been diagnosed with oropharyngeal cancer . About one-quarter of that group was denied coverage because of the four-year latency rule . To have so many cases of a rare cancer -- diagnosed in an unusually young population , according to data provided by Kushlefsky -- should , he says , spur a re-examination of the data by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health . Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , says that oropharyngeal cancer in this population , absent risk factors like drinking , smoking or a human papillomavirus infection , is unusual . Still , determining an accurate latency window is an exceedingly complex process . "  Four years is a group of people 's best guess ; it 's literally that , " said Brawley , a practicing oncologist . "  I do n't know of any animal models for cancers developed after sucking in that much soot and smoke  from collapsed buildings  , so people have to make a guess . " Brawley added that four years is probably a fair -- perhaps even generous -- timeline for developing oropharyngeal cancer , even considering the unique circumstances surrounding 9/11 . Not everyone agrees . "  I think  the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health  made a terrible mistake , " said Michael Banahan , a first-responder diagnosed with stage III oropharyngeal cancer at age 44 , three years and five months after 9/11 . Like Meyers , he was denied coverage because he was diagnosed too soon . "  I 'm going to die knowing I got my cancer from 9/11 . I do n't care what NIOSH says . " Advocates for responders , including medical experts , say that they will petition the institute to amend its rules concerning coverage for oropharyngeal cancer . In a statement , the institute indicated that as new scientific information becomes available , it could modify minimum latencies for certain cancers . "  This has to be a dynamic process where they look at what 's going on this community and say , ` Maybe we need to change this , ' " Kushlefsky said . Banahan and Meyers have been in remission for several years , yet both remain hypervigilant about cancer , as it could one day reappear . Compensation , they say , would provide some comfort that their families would be supported if they die . But it is less about money , Meyers says , than about not being forgotten . "  There is an abnormal amount of cancers amongst us that are n't in the general population , " he said . "  This is something that has to be looked at . " Number of 9/11-related cancer cases growing 9/11 cancer compensation too late : One man 's story	Nearly 3,000 cases of 9/11-related cancer among first responders and civilians A growing number are being diagnosed with oropharyngeal cancer Insurance coverage depends on latency period defined by WTC Health Program
Moscow  CNN  As Alexander Litvinenko lay dying on his bed in a London hospital in November 2006 , he was in no doubt as to who was to blame for his imminent death . The 43-year-old former Russian agent turned Kremlin critic pointed his finger directly at Vladimir Putin , then as now , Russia 's strongman president . "  You may succeed in silencing me but that silence comes at a price , " Litvinenko said in the statement from his deathbed . "  You may succeed in silencing one man but the howl of protest from around the world will reverberate , Mr. Putin , in your ears for the rest of your life . " READ MORE : Did Russia put polonium in spy 's tea ? It 's an allegation the Kremlin has never really managed to shake off . Officials have always dismissed the charge as "  nonsense , " but suspicions linger . The Kremlin 's case is n't much helped by the compelling evidence against it . The poison used to kill Litvinenko is a rare radioactive isotope , polonium-210 . It occurs naturally , but scientists say the high concentrations found in the Litvinenko case indicate production at a nuclear reactor , or perhaps a particle accelerator . The kinds of facilities , in other words , controlled by a state . Russia is n't the only country capable of producing polonium-210 . But the radioactive trail left by the substance -- literally a trail of detectable radioactive material -- was traced across London , while three British Airways aircraft that had flown a number of routes , including London to Moscow , were reported to be contaminated with small traces of an unnamed radioactive substance . The two prime suspects in the poisoning , Andrei Lugavoi and Dmitry Kovtun , are Russian nationals . Both are former agents of the Russian security services . But both deny involvement and the Russian government refuses to extradite either to Britain to face trial . Litvinenko had many enemies . He was a former agent of the Russian Federal Security Service , the FSB , the post-Soviet successor of the feared KGB . His last job at the agency was heading up its anti-corruption department . It was in the chaos of the 1990s , in the aftermath of the collapse of the Soviet Union that may well have brought him into conflict with ruthless colleagues . After leaving the FSB , he blamed the service for orchestrating a series of apartment bombings in Russia in 1999 that left hundreds dead and led to Russia 's invasion of Chechnya later that year . Litvinenko 's wife also claimed her husband was in the pay of the British security services after moving to the UK in 2000 . All or any of the above may have been sufficient reason to kill a man seen by his former FSB colleagues as a traitor . There are some questions that even the public inquiry now underway in Britain may never be able to answer . Why , for instance was polonium-210 chosen to kill Litvinenko ? It would have been a costly and complicated task to produce the quantity used in the murder . A bullet would have been much cheaper . Perhaps the killers hoped it would not have been detected by British investigators . Or perhaps they wanted to send a message , pointing the police towards an executioner they knew would never be held to account ? But the biggest question of all is whether the killing was ordered by the state , or was the work of rogue elements within it . Perhaps only President Putin , himself a former KGB agent , has the answer to that .	Alexander Litvinenko died in 2006 after being poisoned by radioactive material A public inquiry into the former KGB agent 's poisoning death opens in London Russian President Vladimir Putin was accused by the ex-spy of being behind it
CNN  -- The French Foreign Ministry and a top African Union official have denounced a military coup in the west African nation of Niger . The ministry said France "  condemns all taking of power by nonconstitutional means " and calls on people in Niger "  to show responsibility in the interest of the country , " which gained its independence from France in 1960 . Jean Ping , the chairman of the 53-nation African Union , meanwhile , called for a quick return of "  constitutional order " and said the organization is ready to help facilitate the process . He said he had been following developments in the nation with concern after a Niger military official announced the constitution had been suspended . President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp . The violence may have been prompted by a collapse of talks between the government and the opposition over a recent referendum allowing the president to hold power indefinitely , according to the United Nations , which also called for a quick resolution . French journalist Diallo Doudacar said the situation in Niger was calm Friday . "  The children are going to school , the shops are open , " he said . A "  demonstration of joy " in support of the military was held Friday afternoon , Doudacar said . "  The people are very happy , " he said . "  The coup ends a nine-month debate that blocked out all other subjects . We have gone through so many coups that it does n't really affect us anymore . " Ping condemned the coup . "  The chairperson of the commission stresses that the relevant AU instruments systematically condemn any unconstitutional change and , accordingly , he condemns the seizure of power by force that took place in Niger , " said a statement from his office . "  The secretary-general has called on the stakeholders in Niger to swiftly revert to constitutional order in the settlement of the political crisis , " said a statement from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Thursday 's order to suspend the constitution was attributed to the Superior Council for the Restoration of Democracy . It also suspended all institutions , urged citizens to remain calm and called for support from the international community . Dana Palade , a spokeswoman for World Vision , who is in the capital , Niamey , said gunfire rang out in the streets Thursday . The French Embassy also reported hearing intermittent gunfire near the palace . Tensions have flared in Niger recently . Tandja , in office since December 1999 , had been trying to stay in power beyond the time mandated by the constitution . "  That may well have been ... an act on his behalf that precipitated the act today , " P.J. Crowley , assistant U.S. secretary of state , said Thursday . The United States does not condone violence , but "  clearly we think this underscores that Niger needs to move ahead with the elections and the formation of a new government , " Crowley said . Niger , one of the poorest countries in Africa , has about 8 percent of the world 's uranium . It has had lucrative uranium contracts , particularly with China . The west African nation has a population of about 15 million and lies between the Sahara Desert and Nigeria . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	France , African Union condemn "  unconstitutional " coup in Niger Niger military official Thursday announced suspension of all institutions President Mamadou Tandja is said to be detained in a military camp Gunshots heard around Niger 's presidential palace Thursday
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Gunmen abducted an American development expert early Saturday , pistol-whipping him and his driver , and tying up his guards after getting past security by posing as neighbors offering food , U.S. Embassy and Pakistani officials told CNN . The U.S. embassy identified the man as Warren Weinstein , and a Pakistani official said he works for a U.S. consulting firm based in Arlington , Virginia . He 's is a world-renowned development expert , with 25 years of experience , according to his company 's website . As Weinstein 's security guards prepared for the meal before the Ramadan fast early Saturday , three men knocked at the front gate and offered food for the meal -- a traditional practice among Muslims during the Ramadan holy month , according to senior Lahore police official Tajamal Hussain . Once the gate was opened , the three men forced their way in , while five other suspects entered the house from the back , Hussain said . The men tied up the three security guards and duct-taped their mouths , he said . They pistol-whipped the driver and forced him to take them to Weinstein 's room where the men hit Weinstein in the head with a pistol , and forced him out of the house and into a waiting car , Hussain said . He said Weinstein is in his 60s . There has been no claim of responsibility nor any demands by any groups so far , according to senior police official Awais Ahmed . Weinstein has lived in the residence in an upscale Lahore neighborhood for several years , Ahmed said . He works for JE Austin Associates Inc. , according to Lahore police chief Nayab Haider . According to the company 's website , the consulting firm is based in Arlington , Virginia . The site says he was heading what the company described as the "  Pakistan Initiative for Strategic Development and Competitiveness . " It also says Weinstein is a Fulbright Scholar in Belgium and is proficient in six languages , with a doctorate in international law and economics . U.S. Embassy officials are working with Pakistani authorities on the case , embassy spokesman Alberto Rodriguez said The U.S. State Department this week updated a travel advisory for Americans traveling and working in Pakistan , warning that extremist groups operating in the country were continuing to target U.S. and other Western citizens and interests . It cited part of the reason for the advisory as "  reported " abductions of U.S. citizens "  for ransom or personal reasons , " including the kidnapping of a U.S. citizen in Lahore in June . No further details about that incident were released . Abductions are not unusual in Pakistan , though those targeted are typically Pakistani rather than American or Western . In early July , a Swiss couple was grabbed at gunpoint while traveling in the town of Loralai in the volatile southwestern Balochistan province , provincial officials said at the time . Three weeks after their abduction , Pakistani authorities said they believed the couple was still alive . Weinstein 's abduction follows another high-profile incident involving an American in Lahore . Raymond Davis , a CIA contractor , was charged with killing two men in January , but was released in March after compensation was paid to their families . CNN 's Nasir Habib in Islamabad , Pakistan , and Salma Abdelaziz in Atlanta contributed to this report	Gunmen abducted an American from his Lahore , Pakistan residence , authorities say He is identified as Warren Weinstein , the U.S. Embassy says There has been no claim of responsibility , or demands U.S. State Department updated its travel advisory to Pakistan this week , citing reported abductions
CNN  -- Despite the retail madness of Black Friday , small businesses traditionally see little difference in their sales . Bookstore owner Laura Keys actually recalls losing revenue last holiday season after Target , Wal-Mart and Amazon battled each other in a price war over last season 's hardcovers . "  People are concentrating on malls and stores for the big deals , " said Keys , owner of Blue Elephant Book Shop , an independent business in Decatur , Georgia . "  We are n't exactly the focus of activity when everyone is looking for great deals on flat-screen TVs . " According to Cinda Baxter , American Express retail expert and former small business owner , Black Friday has evolved to exclude smaller merchants . "  Since the big-box businesses came in with such financial strength in the last decade ... it 's been impossible for independent businesses to compete . " To boost small business sales , American Express held its first-ever Small Business Saturday , where consumers are encouraged to spend locally . Baxter said Small Business Saturday is an opportunity for American Express to flex its financial muscle to help out local economies . "  This is our way of working together ... to bring consumers back together with the independent businesses . " According to Civics Economics , analysis and strategic planning consultants based out of Austin , Texas , and Chicago , Illinois , 68 cents of every dollar spent at a small business stays within the community . Big retail chains keep 46 cents of every dollar within the community , the company says . With online purchases , unless the product is shipped to the same ZIP Code as its origin , the local community keeps none of the profits , said Baxter . To motivate consumers , American Express gave a $ 25 credit to 100,000 card members who register their card and use it to shop on Small Business Saturday . American Express also gave $ 100 worth of Facebook advertising to 10,000 business owners who signed up to participate on Facebook . Despite Small Business Saturday 's widespread publicity , some small business merchants such as New York boutique owner Ronen Jehezkel had not ever heard of the program . And although some retailers knew of Small Business Saturday , few reported noticeable sales increases . Keys said two customers made purchases at her store on behalf of Small Business Saturday . "  Our sales are up today for a normal Saturday . It 's hard to identify exactly why but I think -LSB- Small Business Saturday -RSB- may be having some influence . " In Scituate , Massachusetts , toy store owner Jerry Burke saw little , if any , difference to clientele . "  It 's a busy Saturday this weekend regardless , but it did n't feel significantly busier because of Small Business Saturday . " Yet , Baxter said that the annual Small Business Saturday is just the beginning of American Express ' effort to build up small businesses . The company plans to introduce more local business-building initiatives . "  We want to make sure the independent business owner has a stake in the game again , " she said . "  This is the way to do it . "	Program intended to boost local businesses Sponsor American Express offers incentives to consumers , advertisers Too early to analyze impact of first Small Business Saturday
Ansan , South Korea  CNN  -- First days back at school are usually filled with optimism about what 's ahead , but many students at Danwon High School near Seoul , South Korea , are looking back in mourning . On Thursday , a series of hearses made a slow crawl toward the school in the city of Ansan . Inside each , a person in the passenger seat held a portrait of the teenager they lost when a ferry capsized April 16 . About two-thirds of the 476 passengers on the Sewol ferry were Danwon students on a field trip . Buses with blacked-out windows followed the hearses . The school was not the vehicles ' final stop . They continued on to funerals . Danwon lost a large part of a grade . Several teachers also died in the disaster . The only students at school Thursday were those in their final year . About 100 psychiatrists and support staff from across South Korea were on hand to counsel them . Some teens arrived in hoods or wore caps to cover their faces as they made their way past journalists . A shrine of flowers and hundreds of notes to the dead decorated the school 's entrance . "  Big brother , you have to live , you have to come back , " read one note . "  I want to see you , " another read . "  I love you and pray for you . " Many of the messages from other students expressed regret at not being able to help their classmates on the ferry traveling from the port city of Incheon to Jeju , a southern resort island . Thousands of yellow ribbons were tied to the school gates , trees and posts . The ribbons have become a symbol of hope that survivors might still be found in the submerged ferry vessel , picking up a practice used in the United States for soldiers and hostages overseas . Mental health care professionals will be available to the students for at least two months , said Dr. Kim Hyun-sook , head of the community mental health program in the region . "  Koreans , when they experience trauma , they feel anger and sadness but they tend to bottle it up , " he said . "  We 're trying to encourage emotional communication to let those feelings out . " A need to heal goes beyond the school . "  I feel my heart is being ripped up , " said Ryu Chang-ryul , who has lived near the school for nine years . "  For three days I have n't eaten . It all hurts too much . " Kim Young-sook runs a small restaurant near the school . She dressed in black and wept as she spoke with CNN , explaining that students are regular customers . She played a video of a 17-year-old boy she said was like a son to her . "  He used to call me auntie , " she said . "  He was sitting here playing guitar talking about just how important this trip was to him . I feel so bad that I could not be there . All of us , we could have done something . " An investigation into why the ferry sank is under way . Authorities have arrested the captain and other crew members . The number of crew members charged in connection to the ferry sinking has risen to 14 , said Yang Joong-jin , the chief prosecutor in the city of Mokpo . Of the 29 crew members on the ship , 20 survived . The nine others are dead or missing . A South Korean lawmaker said Thursday that renovations last year expanded the top floor of the Sewol to make room for 117 more passengers . Investigators want to know if the modifications made the ferry more likely to capsize . Kim Yong-rok , an opposition lawmaker who represents Jindo , an island near where the ship sank , told CNN that the modifications raised the ferry 's center of gravity . CNN asked South Korean prosecutors about that but they were unable to confirm it . For friends gripped by intense sadness , all they can do is write messages to the dead . Many have expressed regret that they were unable to save their classmates . "  Sorry for not being there , " one note said , "  when you needed us . " CNN 's Andrew Stevens reported from Ansan , South Korea ; Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong and Ashley Fantz wrote this story in Atlanta .	Danwon High School students leave notes , flowers at school shrine One note reads : "  Big brother , you have to live , you have to come back " Hearses and buses drive to the school before heading to funerals
Washington  CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush left the White House more than five years ago and has since stayed out of most Washington debates . But it would be hard to tell that if you have been listening to Hillary Clinton over the past month . From defending her record at the State Department to defining her economic vision , Clinton has used Bush as her primary rhetorical device to both explain her vision for the future and defend her past . "  The biggest accomplishment in the four years as secretary of state was helping to restore American leadership and we did that in a number of ways , " Clinton said earlier this month before faulting Bush for the U.S. standing on the world stage when he left the White House in 2009 . Democrats have always been fond of faulting Bush and it was part of President Barack Obama 's 2012 reelection campaign . But the fact that Clinton , who is admittedly thinking about running for president in 2016 , is attacking him says as much about how she views her future as it does about the state of the Republican Party . The former first lady has started pointing to the Bush administration when talking about the turmoil in Iraq , too . When pressed about Obama removing troops from the country , Clinton regularly points out -- and did so at a CNN town hall on Tuesday -- that the withdrawal decision was made by Bush , not Obama . When asked earlier this month in New York about troops in Iraq and the failure to get a status of forces agreement , Clinton said , "  The deadline on Iraq was set by the prior administration , that if there were not a status of forces agreement ... there would not be American troops . " Strategy not without problems Democrats close to Clinton love the Bush lines . "  Seems to me Hillary thinks George W. Bush was a terrible President , " Paul Begala , a CNN contributor and a longtime Clinton confidant , said before enumerating a number of ways he feels Bush failed , including two "  botched " wars , turning "  a massive surplus into a crippling debt " and presiding "  over an economic collapse . " "  I hope she keeps it up , " Begala said . But the strategy does not come without problems . While Bush was unpopular in office -- and still is with Democrats -- his standing has improved since leaving Washington . His overall approval rating hit a seven-year high in 2013 with 47 % of Americans approving how he handled his tenure . While 50 % said they disapproved , the trend has been been up in recent years . Most presidents experience this when they leave the job . By bashing Bush , Clinton is also looking backward . Her book tour/campaign has carefully tried to keep her looking forward . She told an audience in Canada on Wednesday that she does n't think much about her legacy because she is "  very present-oriented and future-oriented . " Republicans see any strategy that has Clinton looking backward as a winner for them . "  She is the personification of a political system that voters believe needs new blood and new energy , " said Kevin Madden , a Republican strategist and former Mitt Romney spokesman . "  So looking back , Clinton may feel that she has an advantage because she gets to point fingers at George W. Bush , but it is problematic for a candidate who is essentially part of the status quo for the last 25 years , " Madden said . People close to Clinton reject that idea . "  Part of charting a new course for the future is a clear-eyed assessment of where we are and how we got here , " Begala said . "  Hillary is simply speaking her mind . Radical candor -- I love it . " The enemy of my enemy is my friend For Clinton , bashing Bush might be more than just a standard red and blue tactic , though . In front of a liberal audience at the New America Foundation in Washington last month , Clinton brought out her most fiery Bush rhetoric . The speech was , in part , an attempt to make inroads with progressive Democrats , some of whom have been apprehensive about Clinton 's more moderate positions . Bush , she said , "  allowed the evolution of an entire shadow banking system that operated without accountability " and failed "  to invest adequately in infrastructure , education , basic research and then the housing crash , the financial crisis hit like a flash flood . " Clinton then went on to say that the Bush years showed that "  we can turn surpluses into debt , we can return to rising defects , that is what happens when your only policy prescription is to cut taxes for the wealthy . " CNN contributor and progressive activist Sally Kohn said if she were in Clinton 's camp , bashing Bush "  is exactly what I would be doing . " Kohn is an outspoken Clinton critic . In a recent CNN opinion piece she asked , "  Does Hillary Clinton have to be so boring ? " Other than changing her positions on a number of fundamental issues , Kohn said , siding with the left by showing her distaste for a shared bogeyman could be effective . "  He is a universally known quantity , " Kohn said . "  It is a way for her to run against something that is concrete because she ca n't run against President Obama . " To Kohn , Bush is Clinton 's foil against the left . She shows that she shares their opinion on him , but subtly says to progressives that she does n't "  want too much noise or else " you will get another Bush . Do n't elevate anyone current Few president run for elected office again and Bush seems more content these days with painting than politicking . And Clinton knows that . By focusing on Bush , Clinton is n't elevating any other potential rivals who do n't have the name recognition she does . When Clinton is asked about gridlock in Washington or the lack of legislation getting passed on Capitol Hill , she regularly mentions House or congressional Republicans in general terms and never mentions some of her possible 2016 contenders -- like Sen. Ted Cruz or Sen. Rand Paul - by name . "  There is no distinctive Republican head of the party for her to post up against , " Madden said . "  So she is again going to this habitual reflex : Just blame Bush . " On the contrary to Clinton , Republicans like Cruz and Paul are ready and willing to be mentioned with Clinton . Paul regularly jumps at the opportunity to fault Clinton and frequently says the Benghazi terrorist attack should disqualify Clinton from holding higher office in the future . Asked about Paul 's attacks last week , Clinton told ABC that "  He can talk about whatever he wants to talk about . And if he decides to run , he 'll be fair game too . " Clinton did not , however , refer to Paul by name in her answer . Cruz , too , is eager to confront Clinton . "  Secretary Clinton from the beginning has stonewalled on this rather than acting as a partner getting to the bottom of what happened , " the Texas Republican said on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " after the town hall . This strategy , Madden says , helps elevate their profile on a level with hers and may be the most potent way to build "  a strong national profile as a potential Republican candidate . "	Hillary Clinton has used Bush to defend her record , explain vision for the future Democrats applaud her strategy but there are risks as Bush 's popularity rises Republican strategist says pointing fingers at Bush wo n't help member of "  status quo "
Dubai , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Police announced 15 new suspects in the January killing of a Hamas leader at a Dubai hotel , bringing to 26 the number of people suspected of involvement in his death . Authorities previously had released a list of 11 suspects in the killing of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing . Al-Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room January 20 . Police believe he was killed the night before and suspect the Mossad , the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit , was behind his killing . Among the new suspects are six more people who allegedly used British passports in the commission of the crime , four others using Irish passports , two other French passport holders and three people , including a woman , traveling on Australian passports , police said in a statement Wednesday . The total number of suspects using British passports is now at 12 , police said , along with six Irish passport holders and four French passport holders . Another suspect using a German passport was announced earlier this month . The three Australian passports are new . "  Friendly nations who have been assisting in this investigation have indicated to the police in Dubai that the passports were issued in an illegal and fraudulent manner , adding that the pictures on the travel documents did not correspond to the original owners , " the police statement said . Dubai authorities have informed Australia of the possible use of the three Australian passports , Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said Thursday  Wednesday ET  in a statement to Parliament . The passports were issued in 2003 to Joshua Bruce , Adam Korman and Nicole McCabe , he said , adding that Australian officials have been cooperating with Dubai authorities . "  The Australian government is very gravely concerned that these Australian passports appear to have been used fraudulently , " he said . Preliminary analysis shows that the passports "  appear to have been duplicated or altered , " he said . "  At this stage , Australian officials have no information , no information to suggest that the three Australian passport holders were involved in any way , other than as victims of passport or identity fraud . " He said he had told the Israeli ambassador to Australia , Yuval Rotem , that Australia expected Israeli authorities "  to cooperate fully and transparently with the Australian Federal Police investigation into this matter . " The European Union earlier this week said it "  strongly condemns " the use of false EU passports in connection with al-Mabhouh 's slaying . Officials have said the passports are not fake or forged but were authentic passports meant for other people . While authorities have not said how he died , al-Mabhouh 's family was told there were signs of electric shocks on his legs , behind his ears , on his genitals and over his heart . Blood on a pillow led police to believe he was suffocated , the family was told . The killers left some of al-Mabhouh 's medicine next to his bed in an apparent effort to suggest his death was not suspicious , police said . Police said Wednesday they have traced the suspects ' travel routes and their destinations before and after al-Mabhouh 's death . "  The suspects gathered in Dubai and dispersed to various locations before pairing up again in different teams and heading off to other destinations , " the statement said . The Australians , for instance , are believed to have departed Dubai in a boat for Iran . Police released a diagram showing the travel routes . The suspects are believed to have departed Dubai for places including Paris , Hong Kong and Rome following al-Mabhouh 's death . In addition , police said in a statement that 14 of the suspects used credit cards issued by MetaBank , based in the U.S. state of Iowa , to book hotel rooms and pay for air travel . Payoneer , an online payment distribution service , issues the types of cards the suspects are said to have used through MetaBank . Someone "  loads " the cards by paying Payoneer , which then contacts MetaBank to issue the card , according to Payoneer . "  We are aware of the news reports , " Mary Kae Marinac , a spokeswoman for Payoneer , said Wednesday . "  We are cooperating with -LSB- MetaBank -RSB- and the authorities to explore the matter " and identify the accounts . A spokeswoman for MetaBank confirmed the bank 's relationship with Payoneer and said the company is investigating the allegations . Meanwhile , the new list of 15 suspects "  includes people who offered prior logistical support and preparations to facilitate the crime and others who played a central role , " police said . "  Dubai police investigators are not ruling out the possibility of involvement of other people in the murder . " The 26 do not include two Palestinians arrested in Jordan earlier and returned to the UAE . In an interview Wednesday , Khairi Aloridi , the Palestinian ambassador to the United Arab Emirates , called al-Mabhouh 's death "  a major terrorist crime . " The European Union is concerned the killers acquired passports and credit cards by swiping the identities of EU citizens , Baroness Catherine Ashton said Monday . She did not name Israel , although foreign ministers in countries whose passports were doctored called in Israeli ambassadors last week to discuss the issue . In Israel , as many as seven people whose names were on the travel documents said they have no knowledge of al-Mabhouh 's death . The British Foreign Office said Wednesday it was planning to contact the British citizens named by Dubai authorities as suspects -- because the passports bear their names -- and "  we will be offering them counselor services . "  We continue our investigation into this matter and repeat that we expect full cooperation from Israel in relation to this matter , " the office said in a statement . Dubai 's police chief said Thursday he was "  99 percent " certain that the Mossad , the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit , is behind al-Mabhouh 's slaying . Hamas has called al-Mabhouh 's death an "  assassination . " Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , meanwhile , has said there is nothing more than "  media reports " linking Israel to al-Mabhouh 's death . Asked if he believed the Mossad was responsible , Aloridi said Wednesday , "  All the evidence and the clues point to an Israeli involvement . " In a report from the information office of the Ezzedeen al-Qassam Brigades , the armed wing of Hamas , senior Hamas leader Ismail Radwan said he believes Israel was behind the killing and called for "  the Zionist war criminals " to be held accountable . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Caroline Faraj , Saad Abedine and Hugh Williams contributed to this report .	NEW : Australian officials cooperate with Dubai authorities over passports NEW : Police say MetaBank issued credit cards to suspects ; company says it 's investigating NEW : Senior Hamas leader reported to say he believes Israel is behind killing Dubai police name 15 new suspects in murder of Hamas official
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Showtime made it official Thursday that "  Dexter 's " eighth season will be its last one , while teasing fans with a video clip from June 's season premiere . Les Moonves , president of Showtime 's parent company CBS Corp. , had already let it slip in an interview last month that the cable network was pulling the plug on the successful series . Season 8 debuts Sunday , June 30 , the cable network said in a news release Thursday . The clip posted online "  gives fans a sneak peek into the mindset of Dexter and Debra Morgan after LaGuerta 's death in Season 7 , " Showtime 's release said . Debra , Dexter 's adoptive sister , killed Capt. LaGuerta in the final episode of Season 7 to save Dexter from being found out as a serial killer . Dexter tracks Debra down in a grocery store . He tells her he 's been worried because she 's not returned his calls for weeks and she missed LaGuerta 's memorial service . "  Jesus Christ , I wonder why , " she said . Debra tells Dexter she 's avoiding him "  because you made me compromise everything about myself that I care about , and I hate you for it . " "  No , you do n't , " Dexter replies . "  I shot the wrong person in that trailer , " Debra says . "  Dexter " grew into a hit for Showtime since its debut in 2006 , both with ratings and awards . The show won a Peabody while earning 25 Emmy nominations . " ` Dexter ' redefined the genre , by taking the anti-hero to new heights and pushing the boundaries of the television landscape , " Showtime chairman Matthew Blank said . "  Dexter paved the way for the next generation of award-winning hit Showtime series , and its cultural impact will be felt for years to come . " Showtime is adding a new original series , "  Ray Donovan , " to replace the popular "  Dexter , " Moonves said . Liev Schreiber will star as a "  fixer " for Los Angeles ' rich and famous set .	Clip is "  a sneak peek into the mindset of Dexter and Debra Morgan after LaGuerta 's death " "  I shot the wrong person in that trailer , " Debra tells Dexter " ` Dexter ' redefined the genre " with its anti-hero , Showtime 's chairman says Season 8 of "  Dexter " debuts Sunday , June 30
CNN  -- Brutal terrain and bad weather on a remote Alaska mountain kept survivors waiting 12 hours for rescue after a plane crash that killed former U.S. Sen. Ted Stevens and four others , officials and witnesses said Tuesday . "  The weather was very challenging for those responding , " said Deborah Hersman , chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board . Investigators will be on the scene Wednesday morning . Pilots flying over the crash site said the amphibious DeHavilland DHC-3T Otter flew into the side of the mountain , which has a 40-degree slope , on Monday night and skidded about 200 feet , CNN 's Casey Wian reported . The pilots did n't believe anyone on board had survived , but four did . There was no fire on the scene , Hersman said at a news conference . The area was so rugged and rocky that rescuers airlifted in a physician with a satellite phone , and the doctor had to hike 1,000 feet to reach the site , she said . Five volunteers , including some with medical training , assisted and stabilized the survivors overnight , officials said . One of the survivors was outside the fuselage when the doctor arrived , Wian reported . The cause of the crash was not known late Tuesday , but Maj. Guy Hayes of the Alaska National Guard said weather will certainly be considered . "  Poor weather always remains a factor when you are out here ... weather can change drastically , " Hayes told CNN . The crash claimed the lives of passengers both young and old . The Alaska Department of Public Safety identified the dead as Stevens , of Anchorage , Alaska ; pilot Theron "  Terry " Smith , 62 , of Eagle River , Alaska ; lobbyist William "  Bill " Phillips Sr. of the Washington , D.C. , area ; GCI executive Dana Tindall , 48 , of Anchorage , Alaska ; and her daughter Corey Tindall , 16 , of Anchorage , Alaska . The bodies have been recovered and sent to Anchorage . Injured were William "  Willy " Phillips Jr. , 13 , son of Bill Phillips Sr. ; Sean O'Keefe , 54 ; his son , Kevin O'Keefe ; and lobbyist Jim Morhard , Alexandria , Virginia . Alaska 's Federal Aviation Administration office said two survivors had serious injuries and two had minor injuries and were hospitalized in Anchorage . Sean O'Keefe was listed in critical condition , and Kevin O'Keefe was in serious condition late Tuesday , said Kirsten Schultz , a spokeswoman for Providence Alaska Medical Center . The aircraft , on a fishing trip , crashed around 7 p.m. Monday about 17 miles north of Dillingham in the southwestern area of the state , authorities said . When the nine people onboard had not arrived at a camp on time , the search began . The pilot was not required to file a flight plan , authorities said . The Dillingham region , near the Bering Sea southwest of Anchorage , is rugged terrain surrounded by mountains . Storms there do n't move quickly during this time of year but are n't as strong as those in winter , said Rob Marciano , CNN meteorologist . "  We have n't seen visibility improve much , so fog is an issue , and we have n't seen much in the way of that clearing , " he said . Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Paul Takemoto said the plane was registered to GCI Communications Corp. , based in Anchorage . Bush pilots commonly use such planes . FAA spokesman Mike Fergus said the plane took off at 2 p.m. Monday from a GCI corporate site on Lake Nerka , heading to the Agulowak Lodge on Lake Aleknagik , the Anchorage Daily News reported . Because of its vast size , air travel is common in Alaska , often through perilous weather . Stevens expressed his own fears after a 1978 crash that killed his first wife and four others . "  Plane crashes are the occupational hazard of Alaska politics , " Stevens told The Washington Post in 1979 . The Post added , "  He said he often felt as if one 's number had to come up eventually , and even though he had been a fighter pilot in World War II , the prospect of flying around in his campaign frightened him . " In 1972 , House Majority Leader Hale Boggs and U.S. Rep. Nick Begich were traveling in a plane that is thought to have crashed in Alaska . It was never found . Nick Begich was the father of one of Alaska 's current U.S. senators , Mark Begich . Stevens , 86 , was remembered Tuesday as a "  lion who retreated before nothing " and for being a guiding light in the formation of the 49th state . Tributes poured in all day for the hard-nosed Stevens , 86 , who was the longest-serving Republican in the U.S. Senate 's history and a champion for Alaska . "  Though small of stature , Ted Stevens seemed larger than life . For he built Alaska . And stood for Alaska . And he fought for Alaskans , " Gov. Sean Parnell said at a news conference . "  How can we summarize six decades of service ? " President Barack Obama extended his condolences to the families , including that of Stevens , who flew in support of the Flying Tigers in the Pacific Theater in World War II . "  A decorated World War II veteran , Senator Ted Stevens devoted his career to serving the people of Alaska and fighting for our men and women in uniform , " Obama said in a written statement . News of the latest crash reverberated across the state and country . Sarah Palin , the former Alaska governor and the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate , said Stevens fought tenaciously for Alaska . "  In our land of towering mountains and larger-than-life characters , none were larger than the man who in 2000 was voted Alaskan of the Century . This decorated World War II pilot was a warrior and a true champion of Alaska , " Palin said in a statement . Stevens earned the nickname "  Uncle Ted " and a reputation as one of the most effective of all pork-barrel lawmakers , a senator who funneled billions of federal dollars to his home state . His footprint can be seen all over Alaska . In Anchorage , where most people fly into the Alaska , a large sign proclaims "  Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport . " Born November 18 , 1923 , Stevens graduated from UCLA and Harvard Law School and moved to Alaska in the 1950s to work as a lawyer . He was elected to the state 's House of Representatives in 1964 and 1966 , and he was elected to the U.S. Senate for the first time in 1968 . In July 2008 , a federal grand jury indicted Stevens for making false statements on financial disclosure forms . He was convicted on October 27 , 2008 . During the trial , Assistant Attorney General Matthew Friedrich said Stevens hid "  hundreds of thousands of dollars of freebies " he received from oil industry executive Bill Allen 's company , VECO , and from Allen himself . Many of the allegedly free services were given as part of the renovation of Stevens ' Alaska home , prosecutors said . The next month , Stevens lost a bid for re-election to Democratic challenger Mark Begich , then the mayor of Anchorage . Later , a federal judge later dismissed Stevens ' conviction , citing prosecutorial misconduct . Stevens ' defenders proclaimed his innocence and said he was vindicated . Olympic gold medalist Donna de Varona , who was a character witness at Stevens ' trial , remembered him for improving the U.S. Olympics team 's organization and championing Title IX , which provided equality for girls in the classroom and sports world . "  He thought everyone should have an equal opportunity , " de Varona , a broadcaster and consultant , told CNN . The Stevens family released a statement later Tuesday . "  Alaska and the nation he so loved have lost a great man . We have lost a tremendous husband and father and grandfather . He loved Alaska with all his heart . He was a guiding light through statehood and the development of the 49th state . Now that light is gone but the warmth and radiance of his life and his work will shine forever in the last frontier . His legacy is the 49th star on the American flag . " Parnell ordered state and U.S. flags to be lowered to half-staff in honor of Stevens . "  This state is in mourning , " said Sharon Leighnow , Parnell 's press secretary . "  Everybody has a Ted Stevens story . " CNN 's Scott Thompson , Mark Morgenstein , Phil Gast , Paul Vercammen and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Former NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe in critical condition Survivors were huddled in fuselage for 12 hours , witnesses say Investigators are finding weather , terrain in this part of Alaska difficult Five killed and four injured have been identified ; Ted Stevens among dead
CNN  -- Since I first became aware of the maddening case of 36-year-old Sergio Garcia , who seeks admission to the California Bar , I 've tried to convince myself this accomplished young man -- a law school graduate who passed the bar exam -- should be able to practice law despite the inconvenient fact that he is an undocumented immigrant . Yet , I ca n't . My heart goes out to Garcia . But my head wo n't go along . This week , the California Supreme Court held a hearing to decide whether Garcia is eligible for a law license in California in a case that is certain to impact the fate of other undocumented immigrants in pursuit of legal careers . Garcia is opposed by the Obama administration 's Justice Department , which cites a 1996 law that prohibits states from providing undocumented immigrants with public benefits , including professional licenses . He is supported by California Attorney General Kamala Harris , who argues the issuance of law licenses is n't a federal matter but up to states to decide . A decision from the court is expected in the next 90 days . Garcia came to the United States from Mexico with his family when he was a toddler . He returned to Mexico with his mother when he was 9 and came back to the U.S. when he was 17 . He applied for citizenship . That was back in 1994 , and he is still waiting to hear from Uncle Sam . He told AP that he is n't worried about being deported because his case is well-known and he had notified immigration officials that he is in the U.S. awaiting a decision on his citizenship . While he waits , he has been working hard toward his goal of becoming a lawyer . He paid for his studies at Cal Northern School of Law in Chico , California , by working at a grocery store . Yet , in the immigration debate , we must separate the individual from the idea . The individual -- Garcia -- looks like a keeper . The idea -- that one who has lived most of his life outside the law can practice law -- is problematic . This young man wants to put his hand on a Bible and pledge the following : "  I solemnly swear  or affirm  that I will support the Constitution of the United States and the Constitution of the State of California , and that I will faithfully discharge the duties of an attorney and counselor at law to the best of my knowledge and ability . " That oath comes from the California Bar Association , which states : "  It is the duty of an attorney to ... support the laws of the United States and of this state ... maintain the respect due to the courts of justice and judicial officers ...  and  never to seek to mislead the judge or any judicial officer by an artifice or false statement of fact or law . " How is Garcia supposed to uphold "  the laws of the United States " when he is , by his mere presence in this country , in violation of federal law ? How does he pledge to show respect for "  the courts of justice " when , for most of his life , he has lived here in defiance of the rule of law ? And how can he claim that he wo n't "  mislead " a judge or judicial officer when living in the United States illegally requires deception on a daily basis ? If Garcia had more respect for the profession that he is seeking to join , he might have second thoughts about whether he is eligible to join it . Yet , he seems to feel entitled to a law license and everything that comes with it . I 've had contact with Garcia in the past , and I 'm worried that he 's lived in the United States for so long that he 's picked up some bad habits from his fellow Americans . Several months ago , Garcia posted on Facebook : "  I have a career lined up with the potential of offering employment to U.S. Citizens , no criminal record anywhere and have been in limbo for the last 19 years . Where the hell is my American Dream ? Lol " I responded : "  Not to pick a fight , Sergio . But your question is very much part of the problem . ` Where 's mine ? Where 's my American Dream ? Gim me , gim me . ' You 're an American after all . I 'll tell the kid at Starbucks , the one with the sense of entitlement , to scoot over and make room . " I continued : "  If America gives you the chance to live the Dream , do n't you think it 's fair for her to ask for something in return ? She decided that she wanted your RESPECT , and that this could be demonstrated by you respecting her laws -- the same laws you say you want to spend your life serving and defending in a courtroom . Do n't you see the irony there ? " Garcia responded : "  Let me get done with lunch so I can address your entitlement issues . " He never got back to me . In his public comments , I have n't seen evidence that Garcia has considered for one minute the possibility that this case is about issues larger than himself , his plans , his dreams . I do n't think he has . And if the court decides in his favor , he never will . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Should an illegal immigrant be able to practice law ? Navarrette : In the case of Sergio Garcia , my heart says yes but my head wo n't go along He asks how does Garcia show respect for law when he has lived in defiance of rule of law ? Navarrette : In the immigration debate , we must separate the individual from the idea
A French hostage held in Mali has been executed by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , Mauritania 's ANI news agency reported late Tuesday . The agency attributed the information to an AQIM spokesman . Six other French hostages are still being held in Mali , ANI said . The spokesman reportedly told the agency that the March 10 execution was in response to France 's military intervention in Mali , and that French President Francois Hollande "  is responsible for the lives of the rest of the hostages . " Before the ANI report on Tuesday , the French foreign ministry released a statement quoting Hollande as saying there are no "  financial discussions " ongoing to gain the release of French hostages in various countries . The ministry said it is in constant contact with the families of those being held , and that everything is being done to gain the release of French hostages . French involvement in the Malian conflict began on January 11 , the day after militants said they had seized the city of Konna , east of Diabaly in central Mali , and were poised to advance south toward Bamako , the capital . Islamist extremists carved out a large haven in northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup by the separatist party MNLA . The militants banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also destroyed historic tombs and shrines .	French foreign ministry says everything 's being done to gain release of hostages Mauritania 's ANI news agency attributes the information to an AQIM spokesman Hostage was killed in response to French intervention in Mali , he reportedly says
In back-to-back speeches Tuesday to the U.N. General Assembly , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused the Iranian president , Hassan Rouhani , of seeking to obtain a nuclear weapon , and the Iranian representative insisted that Tehran 's nuclear program was intended solely for peaceful purposes . Rouhani , whose demeanor has been more moderate than that of his predecessor since he took office in August , is "  a wolf in sheep 's clothing , a wolf who thinks he can pull the wool over the eyes of the international community , " Netanyahu said . Western leaders have expressed optimism about Iran 's more moderate tone under Rouhani , whose recent comments have raised hopes that a deal could be struck over the Middle Eastern nation 's nuclear program . But Netanyahu urged world leaders not to be duped by Rouhani , calling him a "  loyal servant " to the Islamic regime , which he said "  executes political dissidents by the hundreds " and jails them by the thousands . CNN Poll : Most in U.S. favor negotiations with Iran over nukes "  It 's not hard to find evidence that Iran has a nuclear weapons program , " Netanyahu said . "  It 's hard to find evidence that Iran does n't have a nuclear weapons program . " Netanyahu said that even since Rouhani assumed office , "  this vast and feverish effort has continued unabated . " Rouhani "  thinks he can have his yellowcake and eat it , too , " Netanyahu said in a reference to the raw uranium ore that can be processed into nuclear weapons . International sanctions have left Iran "  on the ropes , " the Israeli prime minister told the world body , whose Iranian representative was not present . He called for the sanctions to remain in place to force Iran to halt its nuclear aspirations . "  We all want to give diplomacy with Iran a chance to succeed , " he said . "  But when it comes to Iran , the greater the pressure , the greater the chance . " But the Iranian representative rejected Netanyahu 's accusations , calling them "  inflammatory " and "  unfounded . " Iran "  has an inalienable right to peaceful nuclear energy " and is fully committed to its nonproliferation obligations , " said Khodadad Seifi , counselor for Iran 's U.N. mission . "  All Iranian nuclear activities are -- and have always been -- exclusively for peaceful purposes , " he said , adding that Tehran is cooperating with the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , and that its work is carried out under surveillance cameras . "  There is no single acceptable reason to possess nuclear weapons , but there are many agreeable reasons to abolish them all , " he said . He called further for "  respectful " negotiations . "  Iran stands ready to ensure that its nuclear program will continue to remain exclusively peaceful , " he said . Seifi also called for the international community to annul the sanctions that have crippled the nation 's economy . And he noted that Israel , unlike Iran , has not signed the nonproliferation treaty . "  Israel is the only one in the region that possesses all types of weapons of mass destruction but is not party to any of the treaties banning them , " he said . And he warned Netanyahu that Tehran is capable of defending itself if Jerusalem 's war of words goes beyond vitriol . "  The prime minister had better not even think about attacking Iran , let alone planning for that , " he said . Iran nuclear talks are key topic Netanyahu 's comments drew a sharp response from Mustafa Barghouti , a member of the Palestinian Liberation Organization 's Central Council and head of an independent political party . "  Why does he forget to speak about the facts and also ignores the facts that Israel is also a nuclear power and the way to peace in the Middle East is to make it a free nuclear zone ? " he asked . Tuesday 's repartee came a day after U.S. President Barack Obama met with Netanyahu in the White House and a few days after he spoke with Rouhani by telephone in the first such direct contact between the nations ' leaders since the Iranian revolution in 1979 . On Monday , Obama said he has a "  good working relationship " with Netanyahu , and reaffirmed the U.S. bond with the Israeli people . "  Our unshakeable bond with the Israel people is stronger than ever , " he said . "  Our commitment to Israel 's security is stronger than ever . " Both leaders said Iran was a key topic . "  Iran is committed to Israel 's destruction , so for Israel , the ultimate test of a future agreement with Iran is whether or not Iran dismantles its military nuclear program , " Netanyahu said . "  That 's the bottom line . " Obama said that if Iran wants sanctions relief , it will have to meet "  the highest standards of verifications . " "  It is absolutely clear that words are not sufficient , " Obama said on Monday . "  We have to have actions that give the international community confidence that , in fact , they are meeting their international obligations fully and that they are not in a position to have a nuclear weapon . " In the latest indication of Tehran 's new approach to Washington , Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency reported that Rouhani wants to establish direct flights between Iran and the United States . And in the latest indication of Iran 's continuing problems with Israel , the Israeli government said over the weekend that it had arrested an Iranian-born man and accused him of spying for Tehran . According to the Israeli government , the alleged spy was carrying photos of various sites , including the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv . On Tuesday , the Iranian news agency cited a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman who rejected the assertion as "  baseless . "	Iranian envoy rejects accusations as "  inflammatory " and "  unfounded " Rouhani is a "  loyal servant " to Islamic regime , Israeli prime minister says "  It 's not hard to find evidence that Iran has a nuclear weapons program , " Netanyahu says Netanyahu urges leaders not to be duped by Rouhani 's moderate tone
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors indicted an Arkansas doctor Wednesday in the bombing attack of the head of the state 's medical board . It 's the same board , prosecutors said , that had taken disciplinary action against the defendant . Randeep Mann , a Russellville , Arkansas , doctor , is charged with one count of using a "  weapon of mass destruction " against a person and property and a second count of "  maliciously " using an explosive to damage or destroy a vehicle , according to prosecutors . Both charges accuse Mann of undertaking the crimes with the help of others , though the identities of others potentially involved have not been released . The doctor who was the target of the attack survived but suffered injuries that included losing an eye . A third charge filed Wednesday accuses Mann of possessing chloroform in his jail cell , according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney of the Eastern District of Arkansas . Mann , arrested initially on firearms charges , has been jailed since March 4 . U.S. Attorney Jane Duke , speaking at a news conference , declined to comment on the suspected purpose of the chloroform . Attorneys for Mann had no comment when contacted by CNN on Wednesday . Mann , whose specialty was internal medicine and pain management , allegedly set off an explosion that injured family practitioner Trent Pierce on February 4 , outside Pierce 's West Memphis , Arkansas , home . On his way to his clinic that morning , the chair of the Arkansas State Medical Board went out to start his Lexus hybrid SUV . Before he ever got into the car , a bomb went off , Duke said . The blast , heard a mile away , threw Pierce six feet into a flower bed , police said . Pierce lost his left eye in the explosion , and suffered burns to his face . Pierce was due at a subcommittee meeting of the state medical board later on the day of the attack , Duke said . Early in the investigation , cases before the medical board were examined for potential leads . The board oversees licensing of medical professionals , and , in some cases , disciplines those professionals by suspending or revoking their licenses . Mann had "  multiple disciplinary matters " before the board , Duke said . A call by CNN to the board 's counselor for information on cases against Mann was not immediately returned . But Duke said the board had taken several disciplinary actions against Mann 's license . Mann was interviewed by federal agents the day of the bombing and showed them "  at least one grenade launcher he legally owned , " the U.S. attorney 's office said in the release . But he was n't arrested until a month later , after city employees uncovered partially buried "  high explosive rounds designed to be fired from a grenade launcher " in a wooded area of London , Arkansas , the release said . An August indictment against Mann charged him with four counts involving the possession of unregistered firearms and explosives , including a machine gun and 98 grenades , according to court documents .	Dr. Randeep Mann charged with using "  weapon of mass destruction " against a person Dr. Trent Pierce injured in bombing of his SUV ; he lost his left eye in explosion Pierce was head of State Medical Board , which was hearing case against Mann
CNN  -- Italy 's Valentino Rossi edged out Yamaha teammate and title rival Jorge Lorenzo to claim pole position for the French MotoGP at Le Mans . The top spot on the timesheets changed hands several times in an exciting qualifying session on Saturday , with defending champion Rossi setting the fastest time on the 28th of his 30 laps . Rossi lapped in one minute 33.408 seconds to edge championship leader Lorenzo by just 0.054 seconds . Spain 's Dani Pedrosa claimed the third spot on the front row for Honda . Australian Casey Stoner also strongly challenged on his Ducati , but had to settle for fourth fastest , just ahead of teammate Nicky Hayden . Home rider Randy De Puniet and Andrea Dovizioso of Italy were sixth and seventh fastest . Colin Edwards of the United States , Suzuki 's Loris Capirossi were eighth and ninth best with Aleix Espargaro completing the top ten with his last lap . Rossi , who has won three times at Le Mans , trails Lorenzo by four points in this year 's title race after both have secured wins in the opening two races of the season . The 31-year-old has been troubled by a shoulder injury after a motocross accident in April and admitted it was still a problem . "  I am still worried about my shoulder because after 10 or 15 laps today I started to lose power , but I hope adrenalin will take over in the race and that I will be able to stay fast right to the end , " he told the official MotoGP Web site . Lorenzo is hoping to double up after winning at Le Mans last year . "  I need to try to get a good start tomorrow and be stronger during the first few laps , then I think I can fight for victory , " he said .	Valentino Rossi on pole for the French MotoGP at Le Mans Rossi edges Yamaha teammate Jorge Lorenzo in final qualifying Dani Pedrosa third on the grid in his 150th MotoGP race Lorenzo leads Rossi by four points in the title race after two rounds
CNN  Paolo Ballesteros looks so much like Kim Kardashian . And her little sister Kylie Jenner . And Dakota Johnson . And Jennifer Lopez . The actor and makeup artist from the Philippines is gaining fans thanks to his Instagram account , which features pictures of him transformed to look like various female celebrities . The 32-year-old , who hosts the Filipino show "  Eat Bulaga , " says he does it using just his skill with makeup and wigs . Ballesteros told The Huffington Post that he stumbled upon his ability after watching tutorials on YouTube . Soon he was able to transform himself to look like everyone from Cate Blanchett to first lady Michelle Obama .	Paolo Ballesteros is an actor and makeup artist He hosts the Filipino show "  Eat Bulaga " His Instagram account has more than 750,000 followers
CNN  -- Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings are putting plans to tour and release a new album on hold this year in light of Jones ' cancer diagnosis . The soul singer said in a statement Monday that she had been diagnosed with stage 1 bile duct cancer . "  Over the last few weeks I have n't felt good and I did n't know what was going on . We sadly had to cancel shows while I went through a series of tests and short hospital stays , " Jones said in the statement announcing her diagnosis . " ... Luckily we caught it really early and fast and the doctors say it 's operable and curable ! " Watch : Before the show with Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings Jones said she plans to have surgery soon but will need rest following the procedure . As a result , the band is n't going to release the new album , "  Give the People What They Want , " on August 6 as previously planned . But Jones assures fans that she and the Dap-Kings will be back in business -- with an album release date and rescheduled tours -- as soon as she 's able . "  I 'll be staying in touch and keeping my fans and friends updated on my progress , " Jones said . "  I 'm looking forward to getting back on the road to give the people what they want ! "	Sharon Jones says she 's been diagnosed with stage 1 bile duct cancer As a result , singer and the Dap-Kings are postponing tour and album release plans Jones says she 's going to have surgery soon and expects to make a full recovery
The team behind a smartphone-based portable eye examination kit have just launched a crowdfunding campaign to raise money for new innovation . Peek comprises a smartphone app and low-cost adaptor that enables professional eye examinations anywhere in the world . Developed by a team of eye care specialists , software developers and product designers , it aims to increase access to high-quality eye care worldwide . The tools have been developed through a collaboration between the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine , the University of Strathclyde and the NHS Glasgow Centre for Ophthalmic Research . Their latest adaptor , Peek Retina , can be clipped over the camera of a smartphone to allow health workers to see inside an eye and capture high-quality images to be sent to experts for diagnosis . It removes the need for traditional ophthalmoscopes and bulky cameras , enabling examinations in any part of the world . Other conditions such as diabetes and high blood pressure can be detected . "  Around 39 million people are blind , " Peek 's creator Dr Andrew Bastawrous told Mashable . "  80 % of this blindness is avoidable , but in many regions people do n't have access to eye care , " he said . The Indiegogo campaign allows pledgers to purchase the kit for themselves for # 60  $ 95  or pay for it to be sent to a healthcare worker on their behalf , via their partners Mdecins Sans Frontires and the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness . The estimated delivery date is October 2015 . The kit currently only works on a Samsung S3 , so they need investment to make it universal . It also does n't currently have FDA approval so ca n't be shipped to the U.S. SEE ALSO : Hoax radio message sparks search for fake missing plane More substantial donations offer the chance to be a founding supporter , or to join their distribution network . Peek Retina was borne out of Bastawrous ' frustration at having to transport bulky eye equipment to remote areas in Kenya during a community study as part of his PhD at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine . He was carrying "  around # 100,00 of kit " , including a slit lamp , a retinal camera and big vision charts among other items . "  All required a stable power supply and people to operate them , " he said . "  I thought there must be another way . " The Peek system can replace all of that , and offers more benefits on top , he insists . For example , a phone 's GPS can be used to mark the location of someone the team has examined , so they can follow up with appropriate treatment . Another advantage of the system is that people without healthcare backgrounds can be trained to use the kit . The team saw a number of patients using both systems , the "  gold standard " original kit and the smartphone option , and sent the results to Moorfields Eye Hospital , who decided both systems were comparable . The team received funding from The Queen Elizabeth Diamond Jubilee Trust in 2013 and are using that support to conduct a series of trials over the next five years among communities in Kenya , Tanzania , Botswana , Malawi , India and the UK . Dr Giardini , Lecturer in the Department of Biomedical Engineering at the University of Strathclyde , who also worked on the project said : "  Peek Retina is the optimal combination of solid engineering experience , ingenuity and outlook to social impact . The Peek Retina adapter is the most exciting thing my group has ever designed ; it is incredibly simple and yet it will change the way we look at eyes . " See the original story on Mashable	Peek is a smartphone app that enables professional eye exams anywhere in the world It was developed by team of eye care specialists to increase access to quality eye care Creator Andrew Bastawrous : 39 million people are blind ; 80 % avoidable with right care Crowdfunding campaign launched to raise money for new innovation
New York  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Irene 's swipe at the Big Apple proved Sunday that New Yorkers can be a tough crowd to impress . "  I slept through the whole thing , " said James Trager , a writer who watched nature 's display of fury as it took place outside the windows of his apartment in Midtown and gave a tepid review : "  Nothing . It 's exaggerated . " "  I think we 're all surprised how relatively quickly the storm blew through here and the rain stopped , " said Steve Kastenbaum , a national correspondent for CNN radio , who watched the storm from the comfort of his apartment in the Boerum Hill section of Brooklyn . He said he saw lots of local street flooding and branches in the streets , but few uprooted trees ; during the height of the storm , people were walking on the street . "  I even saw one or two folks taking a jog , " he said . "  I kid you not . Pretty typical for Brooklyn . They 're not going to let anybody get in their way . " While the initial effects of the storm were less harsh than anticipated , officials said they were still concerned about flooding from heavy rains that could affect electrical systems and other infrastructure that is largely underground in New York . Gov. Andrew Cuomo said it was not yet clear when subways , Metro North trains and Long Island Railroad lines would reopen . "  The conditions are still too dangerous . We ca n't put people on bridges ; we ca n't put people in tunnels , " he told CNN affiliate WCBS . "  Once we get a full assessment , we will give people an idea of when the system will come online . " He praised New Yorkers for taking the storm in stride . "  When we have our darkest hours , New Yorkers shine their brightest , and I think this is one of those times . " But the possibility of worse occurring away from the shore was weighing on National Hurricane Center Director Bill Read . "  The biggest concern , now that  Irene 's  gone inland , is heavy rain , flash floods " and wind damage , he told CNN . Once inland , hurricanes "  start falling apart pretty fast , " he said . "  Eventually , it will exit out into Canada . " "  Overall , I think we 've gotten through this , " Joseph Bruno , commissioner of emergency management for the city , told reporters in Brooklyn , where the skies were bright . He said the hardest-hit areas were from Coney Island in Brooklyn to the Rockaway area of Queens . "  We have 50,000 people without power . That 's pretty good in a city of this size . So , we did well , but we prepared well , also . " "  Nothing really that bad happened , " said Sarah Sargenti , who spent Saturday night in a friend 's walkup apartment in Soho rather than risk getting stuck without elevator service in her 23rd-floor apartment near the financial district . "  A lot of wind and rain . " Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , a CNN contributor who was involved in a leadership role in the recovery efforts in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005 , described Sunday 's hurricane as a six out of 10 , with 10 representing Katrina . About 30 miles north of the city , in Westchester County 's Sleepy Hollow , near the Tappan Zee Bridge over the Hudson , Tom Sobolik was out early Sunday at the Philipse Manor Beach Club . Though the bridge was shut to traffic , "  the boats here are all fine , " the photographer said . "  Nobody had any problem . " On Saturday night , he attended a hurricane party in his neighborhood to discuss the brewing storm . "  Everybody just went over how they prepared and how it was going to be a waste , " he said . "  It turned out to be largely true . The media blew this all out of proportion . " It did not flood the 9/11 memorial site in Manhattan , as many had worried it might . Still , the storm left quite a wake -- sending water from the East River and the Hudson River over their banks for a brief period on Sunday morning and into New York City . The water also led officials to close for a brief time the north tube of the Holland Tunnel , from Lower Manhattan to New Jersey . Earlier , authorities had halted public transportation , closed bridges and tunnels and buttoned up ports , essentially locking down the city of more than 8 million people as Hurricane Irene began to lash the city with wind and rain . And New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg urged some 370,000 people to evacuate their residences in low-lying areas . In the Long Island community of Long Beach , massive berms were breached by 8 a.m. , with water pushing northward into town . The water yanked a lifeguard building from its foundation on the beach and streets were flooded . Bloomberg ordered evacuations for Long Beach Island , including Atlantic Beach , Lido Beach and Point Lookout . The mandatory evacuations , which also affected parts of Manhattan , Queens , Brooklyn , the Bronx and Staten Island , were a first in the city 's history , he said . CNN iReporter and Queens resident Anne Egan , who was watching events unfold from her house three doors down from the beach wall , said she disregarded the evacuation order because she was afraid of looters . "  You can see the waves breaking on  the beach wall  , " she said . "  I was a little panicked approaching high tide , which was about 7:30 a.m. . But now that the peak of high tide has passed us , I 'm not as nervous . The waves are just huge out there . " More than 905,334 people were without power in New York early Sunday afternoon , authorities said . In Brooklyn , Seunh Hong watched in despair as the water in his shop 's basement rose to his knees . "  Way worse than I 'd expected , " he said . "  It is absolutely horrible . Afterwards we have to spend lot of time and money ,  and  energy for fixing them up . " Many in New York began preparing days ago for the arrival of Irene , stocking up on essentials . By late Saturday , most stores , restaurants and bars were closed . The bread shelves were bare early Sunday at the Associated Supermarket on Manhattan 's Upper West Side , according to Aaron Herman , who said more than 1,000 people had stopped in Saturday to buy the "  essentials . " By then , the streets were largely deserted . "  For a city that never sleeps , it 's clearly taking a nap , " Herman said . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Chelsea J. Carter , Holly Yan , Phil Gast , Eden Pontz , Kristina Sgueglia , Jesse Solomon , Cheryl Robinson , Rob Marciano , and Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Katrina recovery veteran ranks Irene as 6 out of 10 "  I slept through the whole thing , " says James Trager from his Midtown apartment Some in Brooklyn chose to jog during the storm "  The media blew this all out of proportion , " says Sleepy Hollow 's Tom Sobolik
Christianity is a religion frayed over the centuries into many denominations . On Sunday , Pope Francis and the head of a major one vowed to heal one of the church 's oldest splits . The Great Schism of 1054 separated the Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches . Both profess similar doctrine and worship in similar ways , but a millennium ago , Eastern Orthodoxy rejected the ultimate authority of the Pope . Francis and Patriarch Bartholomew I -- the spiritual leader of some 300 million Orthodox Christians worldwide -- signed a declaration on Sunday committing to unity between the two churches . Together , they celebrated a divine liturgy at the Patriarchal Church of St. George in Istanbul on Francis ' last day in the predominantly Muslim nation -- his first trip there . Somber intonations and hymns reverberated through the church as the two spiritual leaders prayed and offered reflections and Francis tried to allay worries . Unity , not submission Neither church will submit to nor assimilate the other , the Pope said in his homily , but they will work "  towards the restoration of full Communion . " "  I want to assure each one of you here that , to reach the desired goal of full unity , the Catholic Church does not intend to impose any conditions except that of the shared profession of faith , " Francis said . He was at St. George 's at the Patriarch 's invitation , which he extended shortly after Francis ' inauguration . Sunday 's celebrations marked the feast of St. Andrew , the founder of the Eastern Church . He was also the older brother of St. Peter , the founding father of the Catholic Church . ` Blood of martyrdom ' In his part of the call for unity , the Orthodox leader alluded to attacks by radical Islamists on Christians . "  We no longer have the luxury of isolated action , " Bartholomew said . "  The modern persecutors of Christians do not ask which church their victims belong to . The unity that concerns us is regrettably already occurring in certain regions of the world through the blood of martyrdom . " Over the past decade , first al Qaeda and then ISIS have forced Christians to flee Iraq and Syria . Far fewer Christians remain in areas under ISIS control . Some rely on their faith in God ; others pay terrorists a protection tax . Growing numbers , especially from Syria , have ended up in Turkey.The nation is reeling from the influx of around 1.5 million Syrian refugees , the vast majority Muslim . Religion is also splitting Turkey . Opponents fear its conservative government will weaken the secular identity of the post-Ottoman Empire . Instability rages at its border , with ISIS and its leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , announcing their intention to take over large swaths of territory for their self-proclaimed Islamic State . Fourth pope in Turkey Francis is the fourth pope to travel to Turkey , following in the footsteps of Paul VI , John Paul II and Benedict XVI . The Pope was also expected to meet with young people from the Salesian community from Turkey , the Middle East and Africa before heading to the airport later Sunday . Salesians , the second largest Catholic order , help orphans and at-risk children , according to their website . On Friday , the first day of his visit , Francis called for religious tolerance and dialogue to counter extremism in the Middle East , as he met with Turkey 's leaders . "  Fanaticism and fundamentalism , as well as irrational fears , which foster misunderstanding and discrimination , need to be countered by the solidarity of all believers , " he said . The world is morally obligated to help Turkey care for the great number of refugees it has taken in , Francis said . Erdogan criticizes Islamophobia In an address given in Francis ' presence , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan highlighted what he said was a disturbing trend of increased racism and Islamophobia in the West , while Islamist extremism wracks parts of the Middle East . The world must come together if it wants to combat terrorism , he said . The Turkish leader also suggested the West should not turn a blind eye to abuses committed by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad while it pursues ISIS . The timing of the Pope 's visit , in this period of unrest , is extremely significant , Erdogan added , voicing hope that it would lead to an "  auspicious era " of improved relations in the world .	Pope Francis pushes for reunification with Orthodox Christians Pontiff to meet with youths before departing During visit , Francis calls for religious freedom and tolerance to counter extremism Pope : Fanaticism and fundamentalism need to be countered by those of faith
The famously anonymous British graffiti artist Banksy , whose work regularly commands six figures in art auctions , says he had a hard time moving his spray-painted canvases in New York 's Central Park . Banksy , whose work began popping up on New York walls this month , posted a video on his website showing an elderly man -- not the artist -- working at a stall at the park on Sunday . The selling price for each piece : $ 60 . The man sat , as people passed by the paintings with barely a glance . Banksy sets New Yorkers on race to find street art before vandals According to the video , more than four hours passed before the first sale was made , to a customer who bargained to get two paintings for $ 60 . Later , a woman from New Zealand bought two at full price , the video says . Then a man from Chicago stopped and said , "  I just need something for the walls " of his new house . He bought four more , Banksy 's video says . The total take for eight paintings : $ 420 . The artist says he 's on a "  residency on the streets of New York . " His website shows photos of a truck he parked in various places around New York after painting the interior with a garden scene . Paintings on New York walls include one of a dog urinating on a fire hydrant , with a cartoon bubble that says , "  You complete me . " Banksy never shows his face . He even asked for permission to wear a disguise to the 2011 Academy Awards ceremony when his documentary film , "  Exit Through the Gift Shop , " was nominated . The academy said no , so he did n't attend  as far as we know  . He did not win the Oscar . Devoted fans race to find his latest work in Britain , and the phenomenon moved to New York this month . Late-night TV host Stephen Colbert went so far as to broadly hint that he 'd like for a Banksy work to show up on his studio wall . But do n't look for him in Central Park . His website said , "  Please note : This was a one off . The stall will not be there again today . " Art fans lament Fans outside Banksy 's latest installment Monday lamented their missed opportunities to get their hands on an original canvas during the artist 's Central Park sale . "  I 'm really annoyed that I was n't there to get one . It 's just genius , " said Bea McMonagle who brought her 1-year-old daughter Isa with her to see the newest creation . McMonagle , who lives in Brooklyn , has been following the succession of Banksy works around the city . "  It 's really bringing people together . I recognize people from the crowd that have been at other installations . It 's kind of neat , " she said . Jackie Hadel crouched on the ground with her iPad and said she keeps a blog with all the works she has spotted around New York since the launch of the "  Better Out Than In " street show . "  I was over on Ludlow the other day and I snapped a picture of a guy leaning against a wall and I posted it on my blog and then a little while later an artist contacted me privately and said , ` Do you realize that 's Banksy ? ' Swear ! " she said . Hadel , however , recognizes that the artist shrouds his identity in complete secrecy . "  But there 's no proof of it . Nobody 's gon na call it out . No one wants to acknowledge that that could be , " she said . "  As long as he 's anonymous he 's going to keep making these incredible pieces for the rest of the month , " she said . "  It should n't be about chasing him as much as just chasing his murals and chasing his ideas . " S.M. Kamruzzaman lives across the street from the wall where the mural appeared . His opinion on the graffiti ? "  Very fantastic . This artist is very nice . Everybody likes this one , " he said , smiling . Banksy mural torn from wall , up for action	Banksy fans lament missing unusual art sale Artist who never shows his face posts an elderly salesman at Central Park stall One customer bargains for half-price deal Banksy 's paintings regularly go for six figures at auction houses
CNN  -- Don Black said he despises Barack Obama . And he said he believes illegal aliens undermine the economic fabric of the United States . A cross and swastika are burned at an event called Hated and Proud in Nebraska in July 2008 . Black , a 55-year-old former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard , is n't the only person who holds such firm beliefs , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which Thursday released its annual hate group report . The center 's report , "  The Year in Hate , " found the number of hate groups grew by 54 percent since 2000 . The study identified 926 hate groups -- defined as groups with beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people -- active in 2008 . That 's a 4 percent jump , adding 38 more than the year before . What makes this year 's report different is that hate groups have found two more things to be angry about -- the nation 's first African-American president and an economy that is hemorrhaging jobs . For the past decade , Latino immigration has fueled the growth of hate groups . Watch what the family of a hate crime victim has to say " "  We fear these conditions will favor the growth of these groups in the future , " said Mark Potok , director of the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Intelligence Project . "  In the long arch of history , we are definitely moving forward , but these kinds of events can produce backlashes . " Black claims the number of registered members and readers on his white nationalist Web site surged to unprecedented levels in recent months . On the day after Obama 's historic election , more than 2,000 people joined his Web site , a remarkable increase from the approximately 80 new members a day he was getting , Black said . His Web site , which was started in 1995 , is one of the oldest and largest hate group sites . The site received so many hits that it crashed after election results were announced . The site boasts 110,000 registered members today , Black said . "  People who had been a little more complacent and kind of upset became more motivated to do something , " said Black , who also said he joined his first hate group at age 15 . Hate groups cited by the law center include white nationalists as well as neo-Confederates , neo-Nazis , skinheads , Klansman and black separatists . Skinheads and Klansman saw an increase in membership , while neo-Nazi groups saw a slight decline , according to the law center 's report . Most of the hate groups are located in the South , but the state with the highest number of documented hate groups is California with 84 . Obama serves as a "  visual aid " that is helping respark a sense of purpose in current supporters and lure new members , said neo-Nazi David Duke , the former Klan leader who was elected to the Louisiana House of Representatives in the 1980s . Duke said he fears "  the white European-American " heritage will soon be destroyed . He added that his Web site sees around 40,000 unique visitors a day , up from 15,000 a day before Obama won the election . Racist anger toward Obama was evident even before he became president . Two weeks before Obama won , authorities said they foiled a skinhead plot to assassinate him . The two suspects , based in Tennessee , also apparently planned to shoot and decapitate dozens of African-Americans , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said . Police say a man in Brockton , Massachusetts , allegedly targeted minorities after President Obama 's inauguration . They say the man raped a woman , killed her sister and another man after several months of researching white supremacist groups on the Internet . White supremacist groups have gained traction , a reversal from the decline the groups experienced since 2000 , according to the law center report . One of the smaller Ku Klux Klan groups , the United Northern and Southern Knights , more than doubled its chapters , widening its geographic reach from eight to 24 states , according to the report . The image of a black man in the White House angers white racists , who fear nonwhites gaining too much power , said Jack Glaser , associate professor of public policy at the University of California-Berkeley . But racist fears can also be more mundane and personal : Nonwhites in the White House could lead to nonwhites in their neighborhoods , which could lead to interracial dating , a great taboo among hate groups . "  Obama poses a large cultural threat to white racists , " Glaser said . "  This may explain some of the uptick in hate groups . " Immigrants are another target of hate groups , according to the report . In a deteriorating economy , illegal immigrants have been blamed by hate groups for allegedly taking subprime loans , according to the report . Scapegoating occurs most often in times of economic distress , according to experts studying hate crimes . From the Holocaust in Europe to abuses against Irish Catholic immigrants in the 1830s in the United States , people are most likely to lash out against others when they feel vulnerable or need to displace their economic frustrations on others , psychologists say . In the city of Detroit , Michigan , where the weak economy has taken a particularly devastating toll , Jeff Schoep serves as the commander for the National Socialist Movement , one of the largest neo-Nazi groups in the United States . Schoep said he has seen membership grow by 40 percent in recent months , mostly because of the dire economic circumstances . It is the "  most dramatic growth " he has seen since he joined the movement in the mid-1990s . The group does not reveal membership numbers to the media , he said . "  You have an American work force facing massive unemployment , " Schoep said . "  And you have presidents and politicians flinging open the borders telling them to take the few jobs left while our men are in soup kitchens . " Experts studying hate crimes say there is no reliable way to link the growing number of hate groups with an increase in hate crimes , since many of the attacks go unreported . The FBI 's uniform crime report found 7,163 hate crime incidents in 2005 . However , a special report by the government that same year said the number could be 10 times higher because many of the crimes are n't reported . The most recent FBI statistics in 2007 saw a slight uptick in hate crimes to 7,624 . Some hate groups such as the National Socialist Movement do not publicly condone violence or terrorist acts . "  Violence is absolutely counterproductive , " said Duke , the former Louisiana legislator and neo-Nazi . But experts say there is a link between joining a hate group and committing violent crimes . Last week in New Orleans , Louisiana , a grand jury indicted four people in the alleged shooting of a woman who tried to leave a Ku Klux Klan initiation , the Southern Poverty Law Center reported . More commonly , members of hate groups engage in vandalism such as an incident in Los Angeles , California , this month where vandals slashed tires and sprayed the word "  Nazi " on two cars and a house , according to the center . The attack occurred in a neighborhood with signs displaying support for Obama . Dr. Alvin F. Poussaint , a professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School who studied the issue of hate crimes , said people in hate groups can feel paranoid about a specific group of people . This panic leads them to feel threatened , and they may react with violence , he said . Alternately , individuals in a hate group may sometimes transplant their own personal rage onto a particular group that has no real connection to the cause of that rage , he said . "  Their thinking is very distorted , " Poussaint said . CNN 's Stephen Samaniego contributed to this report .	Report : the number of hate groups grew by 54 percent since 2000 Obama 's election win fueled some to join hate groups , study found The FBI 's uniform crime report found 7,624 hate crime incidents in 2007 Obama is a "  visual aid " that helps lure new members , says neo-Nazi
CNN  -- Emmanuel Adebayor has praised the impact Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has had on his career , following his loan move from Manchester City last month . The Togo international striker was out of the first team picture under Roberto Mancini at City , but has already scored two goals since moving to the Bernabeu on loan , with the Spanish giants having an option to make the move permanent at the end of the season . Speaking to the club 's official website , the former Arsenal and Monaco forward said : "  It is very easy to work with Jose Mourinho . He is an excellent person and he enhances my game . "  He has his own way of dealing with people . He tells you what he expects you to do , " added Adebayor . Although the 26-year-old did not completely rule out a return to the English Premier League with City , he admitted he was loving life in Spain , despite not speaking the language . "  I want to thank my Real Madrid teammates for helping me to adapt so easily to this league championship , " Adebayor continued . "  Granero , Ramos , Ronaldo , Pepe , and Marcelo all speak English , so they understand me and I understand them . I am very happy to be here in Madrid . "	Emmanuel Adebayor has praised the impact of Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho Mourinho signed Adebayor on loan from Manchester City for the rest of the season Real Madrid have an option to make the loan move permanent in the summer Adeabyor has already scored two goals for his new club and is settling in well
Disneyland and Walt Disney World Resort will no longer allow visitors with disabilities instant access to rides , starting next month , in an attempt to reduce abuse of the policy . Under the current policy , Disney visitors can get a guest assistance card that grants quicker access to rides , often entering through exit doors to bypass the main lines . There were widespread reports of able-bodied people abusing the policy . Some wealthy park visitors were hiring disabled people to pretend to be family members so they could skip lines , the New York Post reported in May . Social researcher Wednesday Martin learned about the practice while researching a book about New York 's Park Avenue elite , the Post reported . "  It really is happening , " Martin told CNN 's "  Starting Point " in May . Starting October 9 , guests with a new disability access card will be issued a ticket with a time to enter an attraction , based on the current wait time , so they do n't have to stay in line . Disney fan site Miceage.com broke the news of the policy change last week . Disney World vows action after report of wealthy hiring disabled to skip lines No proof of disability is required under either the current or new policies . Asked why Disney could n't keep the current system and require disabled guests to provide proof of disability , Disney spokeswoman Suzi Brown said , "  Due to confidentiality laws , we 're limited in the information we can ask . " "  We have an unwavering commitment to making our parks accessible to all guests , " Brown said in a statement . "  Given the increasing volume of requests we receive for special access to our attractions , we are changing our process to create a more consistent experience for all our guests while providing accommodations for guests with disabilities . We engaged disability groups , such as Autism Speaks , to develop this new process , which is in line with the rest of our industry . " Brown stressed that the program is different from the parks ' FastPass program , which issues a limited number of FastPasses per hour for certain attractions . A guest using the new disability card would get a return time based on the actual wait time for the ride . Erin Moya , whose 4-year-old son has spina bifida , agreed that there needed to be a change to stop the abuse . But she worried that the new system makes things more complicated for families that really need help . To Disney , or not to Disney ? "  For example , my son , similar to many others living with disabilities , has special medical procedures that have to be done at a specific frequency throughout the day , " Moya , of Jacksonville Beach , Florida , wrote in an e-mail . "  To then have to worry about ` scheduling ' rides is just one more complication to add to a visit that is probably already more complex than most people realize . " Disney , which is starting to train its employees on the new policy this week , will release more details of the program closer to the October 9 rollout date , Brown said . Guests who still have concerns about the policy can talk to guest relations about their assistance needs , she added . Annual passholder Sheryl Gangano of San Jose , California , says the policy change may cause her to drop her annual pass and reduce her seven to 10 annual trips to Disneyland . Gangano , who has complex regional pain syndrome , can walk but experiences "  excruciating pain " from the lightest of touches or when she stands or sits in one position for too long . "  It makes it a challenge to be able to go and enjoy the park , " she said . "  I will need to figure out how to structure my visits differently and become more aware of my pain . This is unfortunate , as one of the things Disneyland has given me is that escape . " Ellen Seidman , whose family is heading to Disneyland for the first time in December , is willing to give Disney the benefit of the doubt during the rollout . "  Disney has an admirable history of accommodating guests with special needs , " she wrote on her "  Love that Max " blog about kids with special needs . "  There are wheelchairs and Electric Convenience Vehicles available for rent , special dietary offerings at most restaurants , designated relief areas for service animals , plus options for guests with hearing and visual impairment . I ca n't imagine that Disney would ever leave kids with special needs in the  pixie  dust . "  Parents of kids with special needs sure are n't shy about speaking up when something is n't working . If the realities of the new program prove too hard to handle , the parks will hear about it -- and hopefully make adjustments accordingly . " What do you think of Disney 's new program ? Please share in the comments section below .	Able-bodied people were reportedly using Disney 's disability policy Disney ca n't require that people prove their disability The new policy wo n't allow almost immediate access to the rides
An Al Jazeera correspondent who has been held for nearly a month by Egyptian authorities calls his detention an attack on press freedoms , according to a letter posted online Saturday by the news network . Peter Greste , an Australian , is one of three Al Jazeera employees who have been held since December 30 by Egyptian authorities , who have accused the three for allegedly meeting with members of the banned Muslim Brotherhood . "  How do you accurately and fairly report on Egypt 's ongoing political struggle without talking to everyone involved , " he wrote . The network did not say how it obtained the letter from Greste , who has previously worked for CNN , Reuters and BBC . He is being held along with producers Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed . Western leaders , human rights groups and journalists have repeatedly called on Egypt to release the men , saying their arrests were a violation of human rights and press freedoms . Fahmy worked for CNN and The New York Times prior to joined the Qatar-based network . Mohamed is a Cairo-based producer for the network . International media demand Egypt release detained journalists Text of the letter , entitled "  A letter from Tora prison , " released by Al Jazeera : I am nervous as I write this . I am in my cold prison cell after my first official exercise session -- four glorious hours in the grass yard behind our block and I do n't want that right to be snatched away . I 've been locked in my cell 24 hours a day for the past 10 days , allowed out only for visits to the prosecutor for questioning , so the chance for a walk in the weak winter sunshine is precious . So too are the books on history , Arabic and fiction that my neighbours have passed to me , and the pad and pen I now write with . I want to cling to these tiny joys and avoid anything that might move the prison authorities to punitively withdraw them . I want to protect them almost as much as I want my freedom back . That is why I have sought , until now , to fight my imprisonment quietly from within , to make the authorities understand that this is all a terrible mistake , that I 've been caught in the middle of a political struggle that is not my own . But after two weeks in prison it is now clear that this is a dangerous decision . It validates an attack not just on me and my two colleagues but on freedom of speech across Egypt . All of a sudden , my books seem rather petty . I had been in Cairo only two weeks before interior ministry agents burst through the door of my hotel room , that of my colleague and producer Mohamed Fahmy , and into the home of Al Jazeera 's second producer Baher Mohamed . Accuracy , fairness , and balance We had been doing exactly as any responsible , professional journalist would -- recording and trying to make sense of the unfolding events with all the accuracy , fairness and balance that our imperfect trade demands . Most of the time , it is not a difficult path to walk . But when the Egyptian government declared the Muslim Brotherhood to be "  terrorist organisation " , it knocked the middle ground out of the discourse . When the other side , political or otherwise , is a "  terrorist " , there is no neutral way . As George W. Bush loved to point out after 9/11 , you are either with the government or with the terrorists . So , even talking to them becomes an act of treason , let alone broadcasting their news however benign . The following day , the government fleshed out its definition of the term . Anyone caught handing out Muslim Brotherhood leaflets , or simply participating in protest marches against the government could be arrested and imprisoned for "  spreading terrorist ideology " . The Muslim Brotherhood has lost much of the support and credibility once had when its political leader Mohamed Morsi became Egypt 's first democratically elected president just over a year and a half ago . And many here hold it responsible for a growing wave of islamist violence , but it remains the single largest and best organised social and political force in Egypt . What then for a journalist striving for "  balance , fairness and accuracy ? " How do you accurately and fairly report on Egypt 's ongoing political struggle without talking to everyone involved ? I worried about this at the time with Mohamed Fahmy , but we decided that the choice was obvious -- as obvious as the price we are now paying for making it . The three of us have been accused of collaborating with a terrorist organisation -LSB- the Muslim Brotherhood -RSB- , of hosting Muslim Brotherhood meetings in our hotel rooms , of using unlicensed equipments to deliberately broadcast false information to further their aims and defame and discredit the Egyptian state . The state has presented no evidence to support the allegations , and we have not been formally charged with any crime . But the prosecutor general has just extended our initial 15-day detention by another 15 days to give investigators more time to find something . He can do this indefinitely -- one of my prison mates has been behind bars for 6 months without a single charge . ` The prisons are overflowing ' I am in Tora prison -- a sprawling complex in the south of the city where the authorities routinely violate legally enshrined prisoners ' rights , denying visits from lawyers , keeping cells locked for 20 hours a day  and 24 hours on public holidays  and so on . But even that is relatively benign compared to the conditions my colleagues are being held in . Fahmy and Baher have been accused of being Muslim Brotherhood members , So they are being held in the far more draconian "  Scorpion prison " built for convicted terrorists . Fahmy has been denied the hospital treatment he badly needs for a shoulder injury he sustained shortly before our arrest . Both men spend 24 hours a day in their mosquito-infested cells , sleeping on the floor with no books or writing materials to break the soul - destroying tedium . Remember we have not been formally charged , much less convicted of any crime . But this is not just about three Al Jazeera journalists . Our arrest and continued detention sends a clear and unequivocal message to all journalists covering Egypt , both foreign and local . The state will not tolerate hearing from the Muslim Brotherhood or any other critical voices . The prisons are overflowing with anyone who opposes or challenges the government . Secular activists are sentenced to three years with hard labour for violating protest laws after declining an invitation to openly support the government ; campaigners putting up "  No " banners ahead of the constitutional referendum are summarily detained . Anyone , in short , who refuses to applaud the institution . So our arrest is not a mistake , and as a journalist this IS my battle . I can no longer pretend it 'll go away by keeping quiet and crossing my fingers . I have no particular fight with the Egyptian government , just as I have no interest in supporting the Muslim Brotherhood or any other group here . But as a journalist I am committed to defending a fundamental freedom of the press that no one in my profession can credibly work without . One that is deemed vital to the proper functioning of any open democracy , including Egypt 's with its new constitution . Of course we will continue to fight this from inside prison and through the judicial system here . But our freedom , and more importantly the freedom of the press here , will not come without loud sustained pressure from human rights and civil society groups , individuals and governments who understand that Egypt stability depends as much as on its ability to hold open honest conversations among its people and the world , as it does on its ability to crush violence . We know it is already happening , and all of us are both moved and strengthened by the extraordinary support we have already had , but it needs to continue . Peter Greste Tora Prison Read the letter on Al Jazeera	Peter Greste is an Australian journalist who is working for Qatar-based Al Jazeera Greste was arrested along with producers Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed Egyptian authorities have accused the men of meeting with the Muslim Brotherhood Greste says he was doing his job , telling a balanced story of Egypt 's political struggle
CNN  -- A municipal police officer was shot and killed late Thursday while standing guard at a local government booth inside a mall in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , police said Friday . The officer was gunned down by three people who were trying to rob the booth , which is a place where local residents can pay their annual homeowners tax , municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez said . "  As of right now , we do not believe this had anything to do with the ongoing drug violence in the city , " he said . "  The suspects were detained and are being processed . " Photos from the scene taken just after the officer was shot showed mall patrons running for cover . The gunmen ran away , but police caught them , local journalist Arturo Chacon said . Also , around 4 a.m. Friday , a man who was being chased by gunmen in several cars drove to a municipal police station in Juarez looking for help , Sanchez said , leading to a 15-minute gunfight . "  It would be wrong to say the attack was on the police officers , " he said . "  An injured man looking for help was being chased , and he came to us . That 's when we encountered the gun battle . " No officers were injured , and the shooters fled . Since October 2010 , at least 26 municipal police officers have been killed in Ciudad Juarez , Sanchez said . Local journalist Arturo Chacon contributed to this report .	Three people tried to rob local government booth that officer was guarding Gunmen ran away , but police caught them , local journalist says Violence not thought to be drug-related , police spokesman says Later , in separate shooting , chase leads to 15-minute gunfight at Juarez police station
CNN  A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man . A police chief supports the police officer , who is ultimately exonerated , and a predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done . We 've seen this movie before . Spoiler Alert : Cop gets away with it . Routine stops for walking in the middle of the street or driving with a broken taillight -- these should not result in anyone 's death . But time and again it ends with a black man dead in the street and the community has no recourse . This time the stage was set in North Charleston , South Carolina , a city of about 100,000 people . Walter Scott was stopped by Officer Michael Slager for a broken taillight , and within minutes Scott was dead . According to the incident report , Slager said : "  Shots fired , and the subject is down . He took my Taser . " His attorney at the time , David Aylor , said that Slager "  felt threatened and reached for his department-issued firearm and fired his weapon . " But then came the video . We watched in horror as we saw Slager shoot Scott in the back multiple times . Then we saw Slager pick up something from one location and place it near Scott 's lifeless body . On Tuesday , the officer was arrested on murder charges . North Charleston police Chief Eddie Driggers told reporters , "  I have watched the video , and I was sickened by what I saw . " Apparently so was Slager 's attorney , who announced after the video was made public that he was no longer representing the officer . After the video became public , the officials in North Charleston deftly handled the situation . However , it was an easy case . There is no plausible evidence that Slager feared for his life when Scott is seen running away . In Ferguson , the video we have in the death of Michael Brown is of press conferences with police Chief Tom Jackson , who refused to release the police officer 's name , but did release a video that appeared to show Michael Brown stealing cigars . We have the video of the military weapons deployed by the police in Ferguson that were trained on its residents and the press . The world seethed . North Charleston 's police force is about 80 % white , with a population of 47 % black and 37 % white in the city . Ferguson 's police force is 94 % white  only three of the 53 police officers are black  , and the city is 67 % black and 29 % white . Both North Charleston and Ferguson have police forces that are not representative of the population they serve , yet because of a video North Charleston 's police force got in front of the story . I 'm not sure North Charleston gets here without learning something from the mistakes of Ferguson . I have heard many commentators say the North Charleston shooting does n't have anything to do with race . I do n't buy it . I wonder how many whites in North Charleston with broken taillights get pulled over ? Being pulled over for driving while black is a well-known phenomenon , which I discuss in my "  Critical Race Theory " casebook . Racial profiling by Slager could have been the catalyst for Scott being pulled over in the first place . Yes , the North Charleston officials behaved differently than the officials in Ferguson . I do n't think it 's because race had nothing to do with it . It is that perhaps the North Charleston officials are better than those in Ferguson when it comes to racially charged situations -- especially given the instructive fallout from Brown 's shooting . And , of course , the video . It remains to be seen whether Slager will be convicted of murder . Strange things can happen in a jury room . Recall how the Rodney King videotape allowed a Simi Valley , California , jury to acquit the Los Angeles police officers , but a federal jury later convicted the officers of violating King 's civil rights . What a video proves can sometimes be in the eye of the beholder .	Dorothy Brown : Shooting by cop might have followed usual narrative of blaming black suspects But video in Walter Scott 's fatal shooting showed the truth , Brown says With hindsight from Michael Brown case , North Charleston did the right thing with arrest
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Gunmen shot dead a Swedish journalist in broad daylight in the Afghan capital Tuesday , underscoring a growing insecurity threatening the country 's elections next month . The Swedish embassy identified the victim as radio correspondent Nils Horner . Swedish Radio said Horner was shot on a street near a Lebanese restaurant in Kabul , the same site where a bomb went off in January . He was doing interviews at the time ahead of elections scheduled for next month . He was shot in the back of the head , and pronounced dead at a Kabul hospital . An Afghan police statement said the journalist , who had been traveling in a car with his interpreter and driver , had arrived in the city just days before . It said police were questioning his driver and interpreter . "  Nils was one of our absolute best and most experienced correspondents and what has happened to him today is terrible . We are now trying to get as many details as we can , " Swedish Radio 's Director-General Cilla Benk  said in a statement , describing this as one of the worst days in the corporation 's history . "  We know there are high-risk areas . Kabul is n't an area Swedish Radio should not cover . " Horner , 51 , had traveled across Asia for his work , covering the 2001 fall of the Taliban in Afghanistan , the 2004 tsunami in Asia and the Iraq war . "  Among Swedish journalists , Nils was a legend . He was famous for always being on the road , going from country to country , from hotel to hotel . For many years he did n't even have an apartment , " said Johan Nylander , a Swedish journalist based in Hong Kong . "  For him , interviewing people from the Indian slum was as interesting and important as visiting the Japanese parliament . He gave a voice to the people that did n't have one , and brought life to the forgotten corners of Asia , " Nylander said . "  In a way , he died as he lived - in the middle of a news story . " "  Everyone in Sweden will remember him as the voice coming out of Asia , " said fellow journalist Per Liljas , who was with Horner just before he departed for Kabul . He was known for always being in the right place at the right time , he said . "  Sometimes it felt like he was there before things happened , " Liljas said . He described his friend as humble , kind and considerate , saying he was "  a huge role model " for younger journalists . The attack comes as Afghanistan prepares for the withdrawal of NATO forces and landmark presidential elections scheduled for April 5 . The Taliban have threatened to attack anyone who takes part . Afghan troops , supported by NATO , are helping secure the elections .	NEW : Colleague describes killed journalist Nils Horner as "  a legend " Gunmen kill the Swedish radio correspondent in the Afghan capital Horner was shot near a Lebanese restaurant in Kabul Police say the journalist had arrived in the city two days before
CNN  -- A report from Canadian researchers published Monday says there is not enough sound evidence to support routine screening of children for autism , but several autism experts are questioning the paper 's conclusions . The article , published in the journal Pediatrics , is based on a review of existing studies . Currently , the American Academy of Pediatrics -- which publishes the journal -- recommends that doctors screen children for autism during regular checkups at the ages of 18 and 24 months . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  estimates that 1 in 110 children has some form of autism , a handful of different neuro-developmental disorders that cause mild to severe social , communication and behavioral problems . Monday 's report questions whether screening for autism is the right approach . "  Good screening tools and efficacious treatment -LSB- for autism -RSB- is lacking , " it says , adding that "  none of the autism screening tests currently available has been shown to be able to fulfill the properties of accuracy . " The report 's authors are cerebral palsy experts at McMaster University in Ontario . But several leading autism experts -- who diagnose , treat and study children with autism -- said they were puzzled and concerned by the new report 's conclusions . "  By screening for autism at an early age , children are able to begin intervention as soon as possible , " said Geraldine Dawson , chief science officer for the Autism Speaks advocacy group . "  Studies have shown that early intervention results in significant increases in cognitive and language abilities , and adaptive behavior , and gives children the best chance for a positive outcome . " Dr. Patricia Manning-Courtney , a developmental pediatrician and the director of the autism center at the Cincinnati Children 's Hospital Medical Center , said the study goes completely "  against the experience in this field " in which experts have said early intervention or therapy can yield the most benefits for a child later in life . "  I have never , ever met a family that regretted being told their child may have symptoms -- not a single family , " she said . If a diagnosis of autism is later found to be inaccurate , the child is n't harmed by the therapy given in the interim , she said . But Manning-Courtney said she 's met thousands of parents whose children were diagnosed at an older age "  who wished they were listened to sooner . " Dr. Charles Cowan , medical director of the Seattle Children 's Autism Center , echoed Manning-Courtney 's concerns , saying the report 's conclusions seem to negate well established research and recommendations from people who treat children with autism , including the American Academy of Pediatrics . More research is needed , he said , but just because all the necessary research has n't been done yet , it "  does not negate the benefit of screening . " Dr. Paul Lipkin , who chaired the academy 's 2006 committee that recommended the screenings at 18 and 24 months , said the conclusions in Monday 's report overlooked significant benefits to screening . Doctors are also identifying problems beyond autism , including a wide range of developmental disorders , he said . Lipkin , the director of the Center for Development and Learning at the Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore , acknowledged that screening tools are n't perfect , but noted that doctors combine them with continuous surveillance . "  We are hoping that the combination can then overcome any of the limits of the tests or surveillance . The combination is better than either one of them , " he said , adding that some newer studies , not cited in the Canadian study , suggest that "  it does look like we 're on the right track . " Despite the apparent criticisms of screening in Monday 's article , study author Dr. Jan Willem Gorter said he and his co-authors were not specifically referring to "  the surveillance that is happening in doctors ' offices " at 18 and 24 months . They were recommending against a population-wide screening program that would require screening every child at a certain age level for autism , he said . Nobody is conducting such a study at this time in the United States . Results from a South Korean study of that nature published last month in the American Journal of Psychiatry suggested 1 in 38 children had autism -- a much higher number than previously believed . Some experts questioned the accuracy of those results , which were based on screening of 55,000 12-year-old children in South Korea , suggesting that the screening may have picked up other developmental delays , not just autism . Last month , the CDC told CNN it was considering a total population study of autism , but no such study is currently underway . Gorter said he and his colleagues did not include the South Korean study in their analysis , but he said it showed "  exactly why we wrote the paper . " He said he and his co-authors based their suggestions on what they learned from children with cerebral palsy , and that his ultimate goal is to "  find the children who truly have autism and find ways to help them . " Screening is n't the only issue touched on in Monday 's paper . The article also finds "  little support for the effectiveness for speech and language therapy for people with autism , " argues that "  applied behavior intervention did not significantly improve the cognitive outcomes of children " and says that "  screening is pointless , and almost certainly unethical . " Susan Martin , director of media relations for the American Academy of Pediatrics , pointed to the academic journal 's disclaimer , which says statements and opinions in the articles it publishes "  are those of the authors and not necessarily those of the AAP . " But several autism specialists said they feared the theoretical questions the article poses would turn back the clock to a time when parents ' concerns about their childrens ' development were n't heard . Cowan said Monday 's report completely leaves out studies that have shown benefits for children in cognitive and social developments . He cites a study published by Dawson and Sally Rogers , which found giving toddlers as young as 18 months old intensive therapy by trained specialists and their parents , can effectively improve the child 's IQ , social interaction and ability to communicate . Cowan called that study a "  landmark  clinical  trial " and said he was surprised the Canadian researchers did not include it . Manning-Courtney , who is also a member of the American Academy of Pediatrics , said the study could be misinterpreted by some , "  especially insurance companies , " which may decide they do n't have to pay for costly , lengthy autism therapies if a study says that "  efficacious treatments are lacking . " But Gorter said the study 's authors want to "  help improve the outcome for the children 's lives . " "  I would hope our debate would lead to an action , " he said .	A new paper says "  good screening tools and efficacious treatment " for autism are lacking Several leading autism experts question the article 's conclusions The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends screening at 18 and 24 months One of the report 's authors says finding and helping children with autism is his goal
