CNN  -- Dr Joseph Adelegan is the Founder and the Executive Chairman of the Global Network for Environment and Economic Development Research -- a front-line African non-profit and non-governmental organization involved in environment and sustainable development issues . Dr. Joseph Akinkugbe Adelegan In 2001 , he pioneered the first Clean Development Mechanism  CDM  project in Nigeria dubbed "  Cows to Kilowatts " . The project is abating water pollution , improving human and ecosystem health , mitigating greenhouse gas emissions and creating cheap source of domestic energy with environmentally safe organic fertilizer from slaughterhouse waste . The project was a winner of the prestigious 2005 Supporting Entrepreneurs for Environment and Development  SEED  International Awards . A Chartered Civil and Structural Engineer and Ashoka Fellow , Dr Adelegan has served as Project Director for the World Bank assisted Lagos Metropolitan Development and Governance Project in Nigeria . He was the 2006 Young Global Leader of the World Economic Forum and is a regular speaker at international conferences .	Dr Joseph Adelegan is Chartered Civil and Structural Engineer and Ashoka Fellow He was the 2006 Young Global Leader of the World Economic Forum Rose to prominence through his innovative "  Cows to Kilowatts " project The Nigerian project converted waste slaughterhouse products into energy
Seoul  CNN  -- As the snow falls and the wind bites on a stark winter 's day in Seoul , a lady rugged up in a green woolen overcoat and scarf arrives at a church nestled among shops and office buildings . Kim Ha-young comes in from the cold and greets me with a warm and gentle smile . She shakes my hand - her gold wedding band still on display . It 's not her real name but she ca n't afford to reveal her true identity : She believes that would place her family in serious danger and she 's lost far too much already . It 's almost two years since she found her husband , Kim Chang-hwan , foaming at the mouth in the Chinese city of Dandong on the North Korean border . The 46-year-old father of two had been working as a missionary , helping North Korean defectors escape across the border . Kim Ha-young was living in the border city as well , helping her husband . She had just spoken to her husband 15 minutes earlier . "  He told me he was meeting a North Korean defector and would then come home . A short time later I got a call from one of his colleagues who said  my husband  collapsed on the street and he told me to rush to the hospital , " she said . "  When I got there he was dead . " Hospital officials said Kim Chang-hwan had committed suicide by swallowing pesticides . His wife believes he was killed by a North Korean agent . "  My husband was aware of the risk . People around us were telling us that it is a dangerous job because North Korean government will severely deal with people who helped North Koreans defect , " she said . Defectors describe horror , heartbreak in North Korea 's labor camps "  But I did not think that my husband would never come back . We never expected that it would cost a life . We thought maybe the risk was prison or being expelled from the country by Chinese government . We never thought that it would cost his life . " Refusing to accept the hospital 's explanation for her husband 's death , Kim Ha-young demanded the Chinese government conduct an autopsy . The autopsy report came back saying there was no poison in his system . Fearful of a cover-up , she went to the morgue before his body was cremated and collected samples of his blood on a glove and gave them to South Korean authorities on her return to Seoul . The government report on that blood sample , reviewed by CNN , revealed levels of poison high enough to kill a person instantly . Fellow missionary Seok Sa-hyun said his friend had received threats in the past but nothing could stop him from helping defectors or providing food to North Korea 's malnourished children . "  Mr. Kim established a food company and factory in Dandong and he delivered tofu , noodles , bread and baby milk to North Korea . Mr. Kim provided food and spread God 's word , and so North Korea was threatened by it and put him at the top of their ` terrorist list ' -- I 'm certain they poisoned him . " One man was arrested on espionage charges in connection to the murder and sentenced to four years in prison , but it 's little comfort to his grieving wife . "  He was too young to die . We had so many plans and dreams . He was taken away from us ... in such a cruel way . " Defectors hold little hope for new Chinese leadership	Kim Ha-young believes her husband was murdered for helping North Koreans to defect Her husband , Kim Chang-hwan , was found dead in a Chinese town across the North Korean border Hospital officials said Kim Chang-hwan had committed suicide by swallowing pesticides A blood sample tested in Seoul found high levels of a poison to kill a person
Editor 's note : The U.S. Marshals Service last week launched one of the largest weeklong fugitive sweeps in the southeastern United States . CNN takes you inside the operation . Authorities received a tip that a convicted child molester was living here . He was captured at a hardware store . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The trail for the convicted child molester seemed to grow cold as the police combed his empty apartment . James Maurice Robinson , 25 , a confessed sex offender , had been on the run for more than two years , and it looked as if he would elude capture yet again . The authorities huddled in a nearby parking lot to discuss Plan B , an air of disgust hanging over them . James Ergas , the U.S. Marshal helping to lead this operation , acts on a tip . He pulls out his cell phone and calls a hardware store where the suspect may be working . Using a ruse , he begins speaking to the manager and , at one point , Robinson himself gets on the phone and unknowingly talks to the very man trying to catch him . Gotcha ! Authorities now know exactly where their man is . He 's seven miles away , on the other side of town . It 's 11:02 a.m. Ergas guns his unmarked sport utility vehicle at 95 miles per hour through downtown Atlanta , zipping in and out of the city 's notorious traffic congestion . Hear cops bang door , see raid on a home : "  Get down ! " " "  I 've got no place in my heart for pedophiles , " he says , pressing down harder on the gas . The vehicle thrusts forward . Ten minutes later , he whips his SUV into the store 's parking lot . The suspect 's car , a burgundy , four-door Pontiac Grand Am , sits near a back stairwell . "  When we go in there , he 's going to run out the back , " Ergas says . He parks near the front of the building and alerts his backup . Within minutes , the full team arrives . Two take position near the back stairwell . Ergas and other team members , dressed in black flak jackets , enter the front door at 11:19 a.m. Robinson does n't have a chance . He tries to run , but slips . Ergas points his Taser and prepares to zap him . Robinson knows his gig is up . He surrenders peacefully . "  He saw the Taser , " Ergas says , with a smile . "  Nobody wants to be Tased . " More than 100 miles away , the man who first arrested Robinson in March 2004 gets word of the capture . "  Anytime we can get a pervert off the street like that , it 's going to make me happy , " said Robert Tate , a detective with the LaFayette Police Department in northwest Georgia , near the Tennessee border . Robinson had been accused of exposing himself to a 10-year-old boy in a Wal-Mart bathroom and masturbating in front of him . Police records indicate the boy was so petrified he was afraid to leave the stall for 15 minutes afterward . Robinson pleaded guilty to one count of child molestation on May 26 , 2005 , according to the Walker County District Attorney 's Office . But he skipped town and never made his sentencing hearing on February 14 , 2006 , authorities said . A warrant was then issued for his arrest . Robinson now faces five to 20 years in prison , the DA 's office said . Robinson was one of 1,250 fugitives busted in Georgia last week as part of Operation Falcon , a nationwide sweep to arrest some of the most violent offenders . Of the arrests in Georgia , 724 came in metro Atlanta ; two were suspected killers , authorities said . Multiple sweeps like these have already taken place in other cities in recent weeks as part of Falcon . More are coming to undisclosed regions of the country . Authorities would not release further details about the nationwide hunt due to the ongoing nature of the operation . "  Our primary focus when we do this operation are violent offenders , sex offenders and gang members , " says Keith Booker , the commander of the U.S. Marshals Southeast Regional Fugitive Task Force leading this sweep that included 115 federal , state and local agencies . The fugitives were wanted on felony charges ranging from murder and aggravated assault to rape and armed robbery to child molestation and an array of parole violations . On this day , while Ergas and his eight - to 10-member team hit multiple spots where fugitives were believed to be living , another 150 agents , investigators , detectives , officers and deputies were working other parts of metro Atlanta . Of the 700-plus arrests made around Atlanta , authorities smashed through 154 doors . Not every suspect was captured , but the hunt generated leads that will be followed up . The work involved grueling and dangerous 14 - to 18-hour days , but the officers still found time to laugh . There was one who Tasered himself while running after a suspect , and another who held up a bag of oregano thinking it was pot and quizzed his subjects . Both provided fodder for the watercooler . Then , there was the suspect wanted for aggravated assault who authorities said tried to jump over a 30-foot wall , breaking several bones when he landed . "  He did n't want to go to jail . Instead , he went to jail crippled , " Ergas said . The police kept close tabs on the six different teams ' arrests , an internal competition to see who could bag more wanted felons . Team Vulture beat out Team Osprey with 147 arrests to 132 . At the end of the operation , about 80 officers crowded into a large conference room and were briefed on the final results . "  You prevented a lot of victims this week , " Booker told them . Law enforcement studies , he said , indicate the typical fugitive commits an average of 13 crimes while they 're on the run . If that 's true , more than 15,000 potential victims have been spared . "  These people ca n't commit crimes against other people while they 're locked up , " Booker said .	U.S. Marshals carry out massive fugitive sweep , nab 1,250 fugitives in Georgia The operation was part of a larger nationwide hunt called Operation Falcon One sex offender surrendered peacefully in hardware store : "  He saw the Taser " Authorities message to those on the run : We 're coming after you
CNN  -- In 2012 , China announced that in 2017 Hong Kong could elect its chief executive through "  universal suffrage . " Previously , the leader of the Hong Kong government was picked by an election committee of between 800 and 1,200 members , most of whom were trusted by Beijing . In effect , Beijing had established procedures that ensured that a member of the territory 's establishment would be in charge . But China 's 2012 promise created hopes among the public that the chief executive would be picked through a truly democratic election . Those hopes have now been dashed , and it is likely that China has bought itself more instability , not less . Beijing preserves control On August 31 , the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress announced a decision regarding the procedures for the next chief executive election . If the plan is actually passed , Hong Kong will get universal suffrage in the narrow sense that eligible voters will be the ones to pick the chief executive , not an election committee . But Beijing has preserved significant control by instituting a restrictive process for nominating candidates . It insisted that a nominating committee would pick candidates  not political parties , and not by popular nomination  . And surprise , surprise : the nominating committee will be modeled on the old election committee . The new body would be composed mainly of people who are sympathetic to Beijing 's desire for order and who do n't want to see Hong Kong 's economic growth , in which many of the members are invested , disrupted by politics . In addition , over half of the nominating committee would have to approve each candidate , which means that no pan-democrat could get nominated if Beijing disapproved of him or her . So under the plan Hong Kong voters would have a choice , but the pro-democracy camp suspects that the choice will be among two or three like-minded and Beijing-friendly candidates . Will it be approved ? This new system is unlikely to be established because it must be approved by a two-thirds vote of Hong Kong 's legislature . If pro-democracy lawmakers stick together , they have enough votes to veto the scheme , in which case the selection procedure reverts to the prior , "  small-circle " system . That would be a great tragedy . A sensible compromise was objectively possible -- one that democratized the nominating process in such a way that produced a competitive election and a clear choice between an establishment and pro-democracy candidate . That was an approach that would have likely commanded two-thirds approval . In the short-term , Hong Kong faces the prospect of major disruption , because the more radical elements of the pan-democratic camp , which have insisted on nomination of candidates through citizen petition , have now promised to mount a campaign to "  Occupy Central , " the major business district , through large demonstrations and even civil disobedience . The radicals ' proposal was always unrealistic and not necessary to achieve a competitive election . The Hong Kong police are perfectly capable of controlling the protests  still , the People 's Liberation Army is waiting in reserve  . But whatever one thinks of Occupy Central 's goals and tactics , it has given voice to the more general public desire for genuine democracy and to frustration at Beijing 's rigidity . Why invite trouble ? Why did China choose this course of action ? First of all , it has feared that if pan-democrats ran the Hong Kong government , they would use it as a base to destabilize Communist Party rule in the rest of China . Second , it believed that the United States and Britain were manipulating the pan-democrats to further their own disruptive goals .  Both fears have no basis in reality , but what counts is that Beijing believes them  . Third , the Chinese government and the Hong Kong tycoons it listens to worried that a democratic election would increase demands for costly social welfare programs . Fourth , there was the prospect of continued disruption if Hong Kong radicals concluded that Beijing would always back down in the face of mass protest . Finally , Chinese leaders may have worried that granting genuine democracy to Hong Kong would stimulate similar demands in China . Problems compounded ? In the end , Beijing opted for the certainty of knowing that it could control Hong Kong 's leadership by controlling the nomination process for the chief executive election . It will likely achieve that goal , but the price will be continuing instability from a frustrated public . True universal suffrage would not have solved all of the governance problems of what is becoming a more unequal and polarized society . But without genuine elections to legitimize Hong Kong 's leaders , solving those problems will be impossible .	China has announced changes to election procedures in Hong Kong New "  nominating committee " rules would likely see pro-Beijing candidates elected Pro-democracy campaigners in Hong Kong are angry , "  Occupy Central " protests planned Bush : Result of changes will be "  continuing instability from a frustrated public "
CNN  -- Miguel Cotto says he will beat Floyd Mayweather -- "  no doubt " -- but do n't expect him to dance around the gym , making it rain and running his mouth about it . It 's not how he rolls . Unlike his opponent in Saturday 's WBA super-welterweight title fight , Cotto does n't resort to third-person , braggadocio-packed soliloquies when a reporter asks a question . "  I 'm ready and prepared for anything he can bring to me the night of May 5 , " Cotto said of Mayweather . Period . That 's it . Cotto has trained his trunks off and all the Mayweather jawing in the world ca n't get into his head . "  Those guys ca n't penetrate our minds , " he said . HBO , which is airing the fight on pay-per-view , has used its prefight coverage to paint the men as entirely different species ahead of their bout in Las Vegas . It 's Puerto Rican vs. African-American , inconspicuous vs. flamboyant , custom Freightliner vs. Rolls Royce , wife and kids vs. 50 Cent . And if not for a segment showing Mayweather running a 5K for charity and cutting a six-figure check to Habitat for Humanity , good vs. evil . And let 's not forget their purses : A reported $ 8 million for Cotto and $ 35 million for the man appropriately known as Money . Where Cotto says he does n't want to dictate how history remembers him , Mayweather demands to author his own legacy . When HBO 's third installment of the behind-the-scenes "  24/7 " aired last week , Mayweather tweeted that he did n't like it , apologized to fans and called for HBO to replace the producer . Even the fighters ' styles are at odds , with Cotto employing a more aggressive technique that can resemble brawling when his opponent forces it . Mayweather prefers to size up his opponent and rely on footwork , defense , counterpunching and Joe Louis-like accuracy . Max Kellerman , a boxing analyst and commentator for HBO , which like CNN is owned by Time Warner , said their styles have evolved in recent years and he sees Mayweather today as a "  consistent , thudding puncher " who relies less on the ropes and the ring 's perimeter and more on a high guard and his ability to "  walk down " or pressure his opponent . Cotto , on the other hand , is not the all-out brawler he 's sometimes made out to be . He 's a deft puncher and he 's aggressive , but do n't expect him to go blow for blow with Mayweather . "  He 's looking to inflict damage , but he 's not like a wild , face-first brawler , " Kellerman said . Former four-division champ Roy Jones Jr. said he would n't be surprised to see Mayweather chase Cotto around the ring . He said that if Cotto is to win against a smaller , quicker Mayweather , he is going to have to "  change the game , " something he has n't seen Cotto do since his 2007 WBA welterweight title bout with "  Sugar " Shane Mosley . In that fight , Cotto used his jab to neutralize Mosley 's speed . He moved around a lot so Mosley could n't settle down , and he took a lot of punches  248 , to be exact  to set up his own attack . He 'll need to do the same with Mayweather to slow him down and change the fight 's rhythm . Cotto will also need to take some punches , something Jones is n't sure he 's ready to do . "  They 're not the most devastating punches , but at the same time ,  Cotto 's  still got to take them , " he said , adding with skepticism , "  He 's not going to stay and take no punches to get his attack in . " Jones was also concerned about some of the statements coming from Mayweather , a notorious prefight smack talker . In a recent appearance on Kellerman 's HBO show , Mayweather called Cotto "  solid " and "  one of the best fighters out there . " He went on to say he viewed Cotto as "  an undefeated fighter . " "  You do n't hear him talk like that till after the fight , " Jones said , speculating that Mayweather may feel Cotto lacks confidence or can be easily outclassed . "  That bothers me . " Cotto has lost twice in his professional career , once against eight-division champion Manny Pacquiao , in which Pacquiao made Cotto drop weight , and another against Antonio Margarito , who was suspended for a year after a subsequent fight against Mosley when officials found plaster in his hand wraps . Those circumstances are what prompted Mayweather 's remark that Cotto was undefeated . Many in the boxing world , including Cotto and Jones , believe Margarito cheated when he fought Cotto the first time in 2008 . Cotto , who defeated Margarito in last year 's rematch , said his evidence was simple : "  All the swelling in my face in the first fight did not even compare with how good , how healthy I looked on December 3 . " Cotto himself blew off Mayweather 's "  undefeated " remark , saying the losses made him a more mature fighter . "  If it were n't for those defeats , I would n't be this person , " he said . The reigning WBA super-welterweight superchamp also dismissed comparisons of his and Mayweather 's performances against common opponents . The pair have each fought Mosley , Zab Judah , Victoriano Sosa , Justin Juuko and DeMarcus Corley . They earned unanimous decisions against Mosley , and Cotto won by technical knockout in the other four fights . Mayweather knocked out only Juuko , winning by unanimous decision in the other three . On their face , those outcomes would seem to favor Cotto , but the pugilist flatly stated , "  Every fight 's different ... The fighters we have in common does n't mean anything . " It 's an assertion with which Jones and Kellerman concurred . Despite Mayweather being a heavy favorite , Cotto 's close friend and manager , Bryan Perez , told Fight Hype last month that Team Cotto had devised a "  blueprint " for beating Mayweather and that he had n't seen Cotto this motivated in "  many , many fights . " "  I trained a lot . I make my training the right training to beat Mayweather , " Cotto added Tuesday . Cotto will need something special if he 's to hand Mayweather his first loss , Kellerman said . Unlike many champs before him , Mayweather never takes an opponent lightly , and "  he has never shown up in less than top-notch condition . " Despite the sideshows surrounding Mayweather , which include a domestic violence plea that will land him in jail for 90 days beginning next month , the Money Team 's mantra has always been "  hard work and dedication , " and it pays off , Kellerman said . The analyst pointed to the once-invincible Mike Tyson , who successfully defended his heavyweight title only nine times before James "  Buster " Douglas , a 42-to-1 underdog , clocked him in the 10th round , leaving Iron Mike scrounging for his mouthpiece . Former middleweight champ "  Marvelous " Marvin Hagler said it best , according to Kellerman : "  It is n't easy to get up at 6:30 on a bitterly cold morning for road work when you 're wearing silk pajamas . " Kellerman said he expects a good fight . He felt the odds of a Cotto win , which reached as high as 7-to-1  they were 9-to-2 as of Friday morning  , were a little long but that "  Mayweather is correctly the substantial favorite . " Jones had less confidence in Cotto 's chances , especially if he does n't alter his technique . He predicted it will be a close fight for about five rounds before Mayweather starts wearing his opponent down . Cotto , of course , does n't care what the bookmakers or commentators think . He 's known he was the underdog since he began training in March , and he 's unfazed , he said . "  I 'm going for victory , " he said . "  I have no doubt I 'm going to be the winner . "	Match will pit aggressive Miguel Cotto against fleet-footed Floyd Mayweather Team Cotto says boxer has "  blueprint " to hand Floyd Mayweather first loss Former champ Roy Jones Jr. skeptical , says Cotto will have to change style Mayweather uncharacteristically heaping praise on Cotto before fight
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- Saying "  there is no doubt who is responsible for this heinous use of chemical weapons attack in Syria : the Syrian regime , " Vice President Joe Biden signaled Tuesday that the United States -- with its allies -- was ready to act . "  Those who use chemical weapons against defenseless men , women and children should and must be held accountable , " Biden said in a speech to the American Legion . The vice president 's remarks echo those made by other U.S. officials in recent days , as well as many of the nation 's foremost allies . French President Francois Hollande said his administration was "  ready to punish those who made the decision to gas these innocent people , " adding that "  everything leads us to believe " that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces are responsible . British Prime Minister David Cameron -- who talked Tuesday with U.S. President Barack Obama -- called lawmakers back from their summer vacations to consider a response to Syria , as the UK military prepares contingency plans . And U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told the BBC on Tuesday that U.S. forces are "  ready to go " if ordered to strike Syria by President Barack Obama . "  The options are there . The United States Department of Defense is ready to carry out those options , " Hagel said . Western leaders were reacting to a growing consensus that the Syrian regime was responsible for an August 21 attack that killed more than 1,300 people , most of them dying from exposure to toxic gases , according to rebel officials . The opposition -- which has said it 's been targeted by chemical weapons attacks in the past as well -- backed up its latest allegations with gruesome video of rows of dead bodies , including women and children , with no visible wounds . Opinion : For U.S. , Syria is truly a problem from hell Syrian officials , though , have steadfastly denied using chemical weapons in this or other cases . Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said Tuesday that his government would never use such munitions against its own people , daring those who disagree to present evidence publicly . He said rebel forces were to blame for security concerns near the suspected chemical sites , arguing that Western leaders are using the claims as an excuse to go after al-Assad 's regime . "  We all hear the drums of war , " Moallem said . "  They want to attack Syria . I believe to use chemical weapons as a pretext is not a right . " And if foreign powers do strike the Middle Eastern nation , its foreign minister said the government and its forces will fight back . "  Syria is not easy to swallow , " said Moallem . "  We have the materials to defend ourselves . We will surprise others . " U.N. inspectors in Syria , but what will they find ? The United Nations has sent inspectors to Syria to try to get to the bottom of the wildly conflicting accounts of chemical warfare . The opposition says chemical payloads were among the ordnance fired into the rebel stronghold of Ghouta . The government , via state TV reports , claims that its forces came into contact with toxic gas Saturday in Jobar , on the edge of Damascus -- blaming this on "  terrorists , " the term it commonly uses for rebel fighters . CNN could not independently confirm either account , including videos purported to show the aftermath of each . Missile strikes on Syria likely response to chemical attack On Monday , U.N. inspectors visited the town of Moadamiyet al-Sham , despite a close call with snipers that left one of their vehicles damaged and an explosion nearby . The inspectors had been expected Tuesday to head to Ghouta , but that trip was pushed back a day "  in order to improve preparedness and safety for the team . " Moallem blamed rebel forces for failing to guarantee the U.N. group 's safety and denying that its forces have delayed inspections by continually shelling Ghouta . Video posted Tuesday to YouTube purported to show the area being shelled , though CNN could not verify this video 's authenticity . Yet Biden reiterated the claim that Syrian forces were shelling the suspected chemical attack site . And U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said it may be too late for a valid inspection of what happened -- saying "  too much time has passed " and accusing al-Assad 's government of using the U.N. investigation "  as a stalling tactic or a charade to hide behind . " The United States , meanwhile , is conducting its own investigation : An intelligence report detailing evidence of the alleged attack could be released as early as Tuesday , a U.S. official told CNN . The report will include forensic evidence and intercepted communications among Syrian military commanders , according to the official . The vice president said that beyond whatever inspectors do or do not find , common sense and the recent past point to one culprit . "  The Syrian regime are the only ones who have the weapons , have used chemical weapons multiple times in the past , have the means of delivering those weapons , have been determined to wipe out exactly the places that were attacked by chemical weapons , " he said Tuesday . Russia leads international charge against strikes The calls for a military response were not without opposition . Russia is leading the charge internationally , with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov having said there is no proof yet Syria 's government is behind last week 's chemical attack . His office compares the Western allegations against Syria to claims Iraq was hoarding weapons of mass destruction before the U.S. invasion in 2003 -- allegations that fell apart once American troops began searching for them . Intervening in Middle East turmoil : Mission impossible ? And Tuesday , Russia 's foreign ministry accused Washington of trying to "  create artificial groundless excuses for military intervention . " Moscow bemoaned the U.S. postponement of a meeting that was scheduled for Wednesday in The Hague , where top diplomats from both countries had planned to discuss the war in Syria . And Russia criticized the United States for , in its view , trying to bypass the U.N. Security Council to take action on the reported chemical attack . Should anything be moved through the U.N. council , Russia -- which has a permanent seat on it -- could block it . Still , that 's what former British Foreign Secretary David Owen urged world leaders to do before unleashing missiles or warplanes on Syrian targets . Omran al-Zoubi , Syria 's information minister , on Tuesday challenged the United States to "  present this proof to the rest of the world " -- claiming that they are asking for trouble if they do not . "  If they do n't have proof or evidence , then how are they going to stand up to the American public opinion and to the world public opinion and explain why they are attacking Syria ? " al-Zoubi told CNN from Damascus . Some worldwide have expressed concern that intervening in Syria may provoke broader conflict in the Middle East or ensnare Western powers in another bloody conflict after years of warfare in Iraq and Afghanistan . Cameron said that he understands those concerns , vowing that any action would have to be "  proportionate , ... legal  and  would have to be specifically about deterring the use of chemical weapons . " Still , he said it 's critically important that action be taken to show the international taboo against chemical weapons will not be tolerated . "  This is not about wars in the Middle East ; this is not even about the Syrian conflict , " he said . "  It 's about use of chemical weapons and making sure , as a world , we deter their use and we deter the appalling scenes we 've all seen on our television screens . Syria diplomacy : Why Jordan wants military meeting to be hush-hush CNN 's Fred Pleitgen reported from Syria . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali reported from Atlanta and Jomana Karadsheh from Jordan . Michael Pearson wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Ben Brumfield , Boriana Milanova , Chris Lawrence , Jim Acosta , Josh Levs , Joe Sterling , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty and Saskya Vandoorne also contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. president , British prime minister talk about the situation in Syria NEW : Syria 's info minister challenges U.S. to present proof , or risk losing public opinion "  The Syrian regime are the only ones who have the weapons , " VP Biden says U.S. and British militaries , at least , preparing plans for possible strike in Syria
CNN  -- When I hear about an outrageous story involving kids -- and we know there is another crazy one just about every day -- I often try to put myself in the shoes of the parents at the center of the controversy . How would I have acted ? What would I have wanted my daughters to do ? In the case of a teen recently punished by her school for trying to drive a drunk friend home , I find myself firmly siding with the girl and her parents -- and wondering what on Earth the school administrators were thinking . Two weeks ago , Erin Cox , an honors high school student who lives near Boston , got a call from a friend at a party who was too drunk to drive . Cox went to the party to get her friend , and shortly after she got there , police arrived and arrested a dozen kids for underage drinking , warning 15 others , including Cox , they would get a summons for drinking , according to the Boston Herald . Even though Cox was n't drinking and a police officer vouched for her sobriety in a written statement , according to the Herald , her school , North Andover High , charged that she violated its zero-tolerance policy when it comes to alcohol and drug use . Her punishment ? She was demoted from her position as captain of her volleyball team and told she would be suspended for five games . What sways teens not to drink , drive ? Stories , not stats All because she did the right thing , as far as this reporter mom is concerned . I would hope my girls , now in elementary school , would do what Cox did if they ever found themselves in a similar situation . "  She did what we teach our kids to do !! Friends do n't let friends drive drunk ! " wrote Stevie Street , one of the thousands of commenters on CNN 's Facebook page expressing outrage and disappointment at the school 's decision . For some , the issue is very personal . "  My daughter was killed at age 17 riding in a car with a drunk driver . How I wish she would have called us or asked a sober friend to drive her home . The girl should be rewarded , not punished , for potentially saving a life , " Karen Donahue Moses said , also on Facebook . "  I know someone ... who was raped at a party after passing out drunk . Her friends had left without her , " a commenter named David wrote in an e-mail . "  Looking out for your friends , making sure they get home safe , that 's the responsible thing to do . If that student had just left her friend there , she could have been assaulted , she could have driven drunk or ridden with a drunk driver . " Cox 's family filed a lawsuit to force the school to reverse its decision , but a judge ruled that the court did not have jurisdiction over the school 's decision , according to reports . Now , she and her family plan to file formal legal action against the school district "  in the hope that officials there will think twice before imposing sanctions on any student whose only offense involves trying to prevent yet another drunk-driving tragedy , " Wendy Murphy , Cox 's attorney , said in a statement . "  Erin  wants to really raise awareness of the issue to the point where people understand it 's much better to encourage kids to help each other and that by pursing additional legal action , she hopes that her school and other schools will understand why it 's so important for young people to watch out for each other , " Murphy said . Repeated calls and e-mails to the school , the school district and the school 's lawyer have not been returned . In a comment to the Herald , Geoffrey Bok , who represented the high school in court , said the school had basically no choice once the police got involved . "  The school is really trying to take a very serious and principled stand regarding alcohol , " he said . "  And we all get that . Teen drinking is a serious problem . " Kendra Vinson Sales , in an e-mail and on her blog , said that Cox should be "  the example of what to do when you need a ride home from a party . " "  Instead , now students at this school are filled with mixed signals and contradictory messages , " wrote Vinson Sales . "  From now on , students will think twice about calling a friend for help or worse , they may not reach out to help a friend in a similar situation . " CDC : Teen drinking and driving rates cut in half Although 95 % of the comments we 've received via e-mail or on Facebook were wildly critical of the school for its decision , there were a few voices of support online . "  While I am not a fan of zero tolerance policies , zero means zero . If you are going to put the policy in place , you must enforce it , " Jill Worden Benjamin wrote on CNN 's Facebook page . "  She was n't punished for driving a friend home . Why do people keep saying that ? She was actually punished for being in a place  where  alcohol was served , " Nancy Taylor said , also on Facebook . "  I 'm sure she is well aware of the school 's policy . She chose to violate that policy . " "  Just because she was an honors student and the captain of the volleyball team should n't give her a free pass to disregard the school 's known zero tolerance policy , " Elyse Bruce said on CNN Living 's Facebook page . "  To let her off the hook is to discriminate against those who are not honors students or captains of sports teams who take the school police seriously and abide by it . " YouTube confession : Sincere or slick manipulation ? "  This is the second time in a week CNN has gauged levels of national outrage over a ridiculous K-12 school policy applied in a ridiculous manner , " Adam of Alexandria , Virginia , wrote in an e-mail . He was referring to last week 's story , which we covered on CNN Parents , about a school banning the use of most balls during recess and even requiring supervision of rough games of tag while the schoolyard space is restricted due to a construction project . Adam said these stories reflect a failure of common sense in education . "  Let 's hope North Andover High 's administrators pick humility over hubris , amend their anti-alcohol policy to prevent such unintended consequences , pardon the student caught up in their mistake , publicly apologize and move on , " he added . "  Then let 's hope the school district responsible for next week 's episode of '  Administrators  Gone Wild ' does the same . " What do you think of the school 's decision ? Tell us below in the comments . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Erin Cox went to a party to pick up a friend who was too drunk to drive , according to reports Cox 's school charged she violated its zero-tolerance policy against drug and alcohol use Cox was demoted as captain of the volleyball team and suspended for five games Reaction online has been fierce , with most expressing outrage at school 's decision
CNN  -- Indonesia 's government has stepped in at the eleventh hour to help save an Indonesian woman on death row in Saudi Arabia from being executed this weekend . Satinah Binti Jumadi Ahmad , a 40-year old working as a housemaid in the Gulf kingdom , was sentenced to death in 2011 after she reportedly admitted to killing her 70-year-old female employer and stealing approximately $ 10,000 . She said it was in self-defense as her boss had been trying to attack her at the time . She was facing execution on Saturday unless the dead woman 's family received 7 million Saudi riyals  $ 1.8 million  in financial compensation , known as diyya or "  blood money . " A pardon would likely follow if the payment is made . Campaigners in Indonesia had raised just over half that sum with donations coming from the public , businesses and NGOs , Jakarta 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement last week . But on Thursday , a statement on the official website of the Indonesian President 's Cabinet Secretariat confirmed that Indonesia 's government would pay the full amount -- a figure that had been negotiated down from an initial request of 10 million Saudi riyals , Indonesian Foreign Ministry official Tatang Budie Utama Razak told CNN in February . "  With the government 's offer to pay 7 million riyals , Coordinating Minister for Political and Security Affairs , Djoko Suyanto , said Satinah has been saved from the death penalty , at the Buraidah prison in Saudi Arabia , " the statement read . The statement quoted Suyanto as saying a task force representing the Indonesian government had met with Saudi officials and the dead woman 's family on Wednesday when a figure was agreed . He did not confirm whether the family had made any additional demands . Saudi authorities have yet to confirm whether the execution will be canceled . Letter to the King The execution was initially scheduled for August 2011 but has been postponed five times due to the intervention of the Indonesian government , Jakarta 's Foreign Ministry said . Yudhoyono has written King Abdullah twice over the last two years , while Ahmad 's brother and daughter have also written a letter to the victim 's family , according to the ministry . Some 41 other Indonesian workers face possible death sentences in Saudi Arabia on charges ranging from black magic to stealing , adultery and murder , according to the Indonesian Foreign Ministry and local nonprofit groups . In 2011 , Indonesian housemaid Darsem Binti Dawud Tawar was pardoned after the Indonesian government paid the required compensation of 2 million riyals  $ 533,000  . She had been sentenced to death two years before for murdering a relative of her Yemeni employer in Saudi Arabia . She claimed she acted in self-defense after he allegedly tried to rape her . Ruyati Binti Sapubi , also an Indonesian maid working in Saudi Arabia , was executed in June 2011 for allegedly killing her employer . Her beheading caused public outrage in Indonesia and a diplomatic protest when Saudi authorities did not inform Jakarta of the date of her execution . Moratorium The Indonesian government later announced a full moratorium on sending workers to the Gulf kingdom , which ended in February when the two governments signed a new agreement guaranteeing domestic workers a monthly wage , time off and contact with loved ones . Human rights groups say the pact is a step toward ensuring the protection of foreign workers ' basic rights in Saudi Arabia . But it fails to address a worrying trend of domestic helpers filing complaints of exploitation and abuse , only to face counterallegations by their employers of "  theft , witchcraft or adultery , " according to Human Rights Watch . The penalties for these crimes are harsh in the deeply conservative kingdom of Saudi Arabia , which practices a puritanical form of Islam . Around 1.5 million women -- mostly from Indonesia , Sri Lanka , and the Philippines -- work in Saudi Arabia as domestic workers , according to Human Rights Watch . They make up less than a quarter of the kingdom 's 8 million foreign workers but account for most of the complaints received by embassies of sending countries , the organization said . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	NEW : Indonesian government agrees to pay $ 1.8 M to family of murdered Saudi woman Indonesian maid was due to be executed after she reportedly admitted killing boss Saudi Arabia , Indonesia signed new agreement with work guarantees this year
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Olga A. Mendez , a ground-breaking Puerto Rican politician from New York City , has died after a long battle with cancer , Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced . Mendez , widely reported to be the first Puerto Rican woman elected to a state legislature in the mainland United States , was 84 . "  Olga 's election to the state Senate as its first Puerto Rican woman was a tremendous symbol of hope for a community that now had a seat at the table , " Bloomberg said in a release Wednesday . "  But Olga 's life was an inspiration to countless others , because the doors she bravely pushed opened stayed open for everyone else . " Mendez served in the New York state Senate 13 consecutive terms , from 1978 until being defeated in 2004 . A long-time Democrat , she had switched to the Republican Party in 2002 and failed to win re-election to her heavily Democratic 28th district , which included East Harlem and parts of the Bronx . "  Mendez was brash , bold and aggressive because she had to be , " New York 's El Diario newspaper said Thursday . "  She cut her teeth in the Senate and became a battle-ready politician . And she balanced what few politicians were able to do well -- an on-the-ground constituency services with the ability to achieve critical legislative negotiations . This , in a Senate that was controlled by Republicans during the entire 26 years she served . " Bloomberg noted Mendez 's bipartisanship . "  When I first entered public service eight years ago , Olga sat me down and impressed upon me -- in her inimitable way -- the importance of reaching across partisan lines to do what 's right for your constituents , " the mayor said . "  That 's a lesson I carry with me every day . " El Diario noted that "  Mendez successfully fought for an increase in the state 's minimum wage , ushered in legislation that provided basic rights to migrant farm workers and secured funding for senior citizen centers . She also fought for resources for early childhood development and gained bipartisan support for affordable housing and economic development initiatives in her district . " Born in Mayaguez , Puerto Rico , Mendez moved to the Mainland U.S. after receiving a bachelor 's degree from the Universidad de Puerto Rico in 1950 . She received a master 's degree in psychology from the Teacher 's College at Columbia University in 1960 and a doctorate 's in educational psychology from Yeshiva University in 1975 . An early widow , she had no children . Mendez underwent surgery for breast cancer in 1993 . "  Olga did n't recoil from public life or attempt to hide her condition , " Bloomberg said . "  Instead , she shared her story and her struggle with others . "	Mendez said to be first Puerto Rican woman elected to a state legislature in U.S. She died after a long battle with cancer , Mayor Bloomberg says Mendez served in the New York state Senate 13 consecutive terms A long-time Democrat , she had switched to the Republican Party in 2002
Can complaining too much get you booted from a frequent flier program ? It 's one of the questions at the heart of a lawsuit filed against Northwest -- now owned by Delta Air Lines -- by S. Binyomin Ginsberg , a rabbi who lives in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and frequently travels to lecture and teach . Ginsberg joined Northwest 's WorldPerks frequent flier program in 1999 and reached Platinum Elite status in 2005 . But in June of 2008 , Ginsberg said a Northwest representative called him and told him his status was being revoked "  on the ground that he had ` abused ' the program , " according to court papers . Ginsberg said the airline also took away the hundreds of thousands of miles accumulated in his account . "  It did n't make sense . Initially , when they contacted me on the phone I thought it was a prank call , " Ginsberg said . "  When I pushed for a reason and clarification , they told me it was because I was complaining too much . " In July 2008 , Northwest sent the rabbi a letter noting that he had made 24 complaints in the past eight months , including nine incidents of his bag arriving late at the luggage carousel , according to court papers . "  You have continually asked for compensation over and above our guidelines . We have awarded you $ 1,925.00 in travel credit vouchers , 78,500 WorldPerks bonus miles , a voucher extension for your son , and $ 491.00 in cash reimbursements , " the letter states , according to court papers . "  Due to our past generosity , we must respectfully advise that we will no longer be awarding you compensation each time you contact us . " Ginsberg 's lawyers countered that the rabbi and his wife had been averaging about 75 flights on Northwest each year , and that Ginsberg estimated that only about 10 % of the trips had resulted in a call to Northwest 's customer care . "  I do n't think I was a frequent complainer , " Ginsberg said . "  They should have taken their time and analyzed : Were my complaints legitimate ? Should they be doing something to improve their service and quality of product ? Instead of worrying , we 've got to shut up somebody who is complaining too much . " In November of 2008 , Northwest sent Ginsberg an e-mail , in which the airline quoted a paragraph from the fine print of the WorldPerks Program . It stated that Northwest could determine "  in its sole judgment " whether a passenger has abused the program , and that abuse "  may result in cancellation of the member 's account and future disqualification from program participation , forfeiture of all mileage accrued and cancellation of previously issued but unused awards . " Ginsberg sued for breach of contract in January of 2009 , but a California district court dismissed the class action suit , agreeing with Northwest that the Airline Deregulation Act preempted his claim . The act prohibits parties from bringing state law claims against airlines that relate to a "  price , route , or service " of the carrier , according to court documents . The airline 's lawyers also argued that the WorldPerks general terms and conditions did not require Northwest to provide frequent fliers with lengthy explanations or reasons for its decision to terminate or demote a member 's status in the program . But last month , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the lower court 's decision and ordered it to reconsider Ginsberg 's claims . It said that when Congress passed the Airline Deregulation Act , it did not intend to "  immunize the airline industry from liability for common law contract claims . " Delta did not respond to a request for comment , but the airline has requested a re-hearing in the case . Ginsberg -- who is still a frequent flier , but is no longer loyal to any one airline -- said he is hoping to get his miles back , have his status reinstated and get fair compensation for what he 's gone through . "  To me , it 's outright fraud . You ca n't take somebody 's mileage away when they 've accumulated it , " he said . "  We live in a country that was built on freedom and this to me is a tremendous abuse of freedom . "	S. Binyomin Ginsberg reached Platinum Elite status in Northwest 's program His status was revoked in 2008 ; airline said he abused the program Rabbi says when he pushed for clarification , carrier said he was complaining too much Lower court dismissed Ginsberg 's lawsuit ; appeals court reversed the decision
San Salvador , El Salvador  CNN  -- A third migrant survived a massacre that left 72 dead in a Mexican border state , and could play a key role in authorities ' investigation of the crime , El Salvador 's president said . "  He is already in the United States and fortunately avoided being killed , " President Mauricio Funes told reporters Sunday as the remains of 11 Salvadorans who were killed in last month 's massacre were returned to their families in a somber ceremony . A man from Ecuador , Luis Freddy Lala Pomavilla , was originally thought to be the only survivor . Lala was wounded in the attack and told authorities he played dead to fool his captors , Last week , Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa revealed that a man from Honduras had also survived the attack . At the time , Mexican authorities said they had not revealed news of the second survivor in order to protect the person 's safety . Mexican investigators have not released information about a third survivor . They are still in the process of identifying some of the remains of the 72 migrants killed . Officials have said the migrants hailed from Ecuador , El Salvador , Brazil , Honduras and Guatemala . Family members in El Salvador wept Sunday as a Mexican air force plane returned the remains of their loved ones in flag-covered caskets . Funes did not release the name of the third survivor Sunday . "  His testimony could be the key to investigating the crime , but above all , identifying those who committed it , " he said . Officials are investigating whether members of the Zetas drug cartel were responsible for the deaths . Funes said Saturday that authorities should not only imprison whoever executed the migrants , "  but also those who could have planned it . " In El Salvador , authorities have started an investigation to identify who were the Salvadorans ' guides as they headed north through Mexico . In Ecuador , authorities detained a man they say was responsible for coordinating Lala 's passage to Mexico . The growing reach of drug cartels has increased the risk for migrants crossing through Mexico to get to the United States , Mexico 's National Commission for Human Rights said . An investigation by the commission showed that 9,758 migrants were abducted from September 2008 to February 2009 , or about 1,600 per month . Journalist Merlin Delcid contributed to this report .	The third survivor , who is from El Salvador , is now in the United States Salvadoran president says his testimony could help authorities crack the case Authorities are still identifying the remains of the 72 migrants killed
CNN  At least 54 people have died and 15 others are missing after a Russian fishing vessel sank off the Kamchatka Peninsula , according to Russia 's state-run Tass news agency . More than 60 people were rescued Thursday from the chilly waters in Russia 's Far East . The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler -- a commercial fishing vessel -- was carrying 132 people , the ministry said . Of the people on board , 78 were Russians . The 54 others were foreign nationals from Myanmar , Ukraine , Lithuania and Vanuatu , according to the news agency , with the majority coming from Myanmar . More than 20 fishing vessels are searching for the 15 people still thought to be missing , Tass said . The shipwreck was swift , with the trawler going down in the Sea of Okhotsk within 15 minutes of getting into difficulties , the news agency reported . The most likely cause of the shipwreck was collision with an obstacle which damaged the hull , the official spokesman of Russia 's Investigative Committee , Vladimir Markin , is quoted as saying . The trawler is also thought to have keeled over as a result of hauling some 80 tons of fish on to the deck , the chairman of the emergencies commission in the Kamchatka region , Sergey Khabarov , told Tass .	Fishing vessels are searching for 15 people still thought to be missing There were 132 people on board the ship , 78 of them Russians , Tass news agency says The rest were foreign nationals from Myanmar , Ukraine , Lithuania and Vanuatu , it says
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Prosecutor Jack Mallard was waiting for the moment Wayne Williams , on trial in the Atlanta child murders case , would take the witness stand in his own defense . "  I knew he figured he could out-talk the prosecutor , " Mallard says . "  He had tried out-talking everybody else , and I knew I 'd be ready . " Under cross-examination , Williams blew up at the prosecutor , saying , "  You must be a fool , " and then telling Mallard , "  You want the real Wayne Williams ? You got him right here . " In his closing statement , Mallard would quote that outburst to the jury in describing Williams as "  a Jekyll and Hyde " personality . A day later , the jury convicted Williams on two counts of murder . He was eventually sentenced to two life sentences in prison . "  I think I made my point that he had a dual personality , " Mallard told reporters when the 1982 trial ended . "  I thought I 'd stay after him until he showed it . And it took longer than anyone else before . " "  I was my own worst enemy , " says Williams , who still argues he is innocent . "  I could almost see the shock in the jurors ' faces . " Mallard says , "  I have to admit , it was a high point of perhaps my career . " Now in his mid-70s , Mallard was a prosecutor for 40 years , winning a number of Atlanta 's highest profile trials : a drug-dealing lawyer who had his wife murdered in front of their own children to silence her ; a woman who poisoned two paramours with anti-freeze . Early in his career , defense attorneys began calling Mallard "  Blood " because of the way he went for the jugular in the courtroom . In retirement , living on a lake north of Atlanta , Mallard has written his own book on the Atlanta child murders , subtitled "  The Night Stalker . " While Williams was convicted only of killing two adults whose bodies were found downstream from the river bridge where police spotted him , Mallard believes Williams was responsible for many more deaths during two years of terror in the city . "  I would say about 25 of the 28 male victims on the list . "	Williams prosecutor nicknamed "  Blood " for going for jugular in courtroom The prosecutor , Jack Mallard , says Williams "  had a dual personality " Decades later , Williams says he could "  see the shock in the jurors ' faces "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama will meet with top congressional leaders from both parties Tuesday to discuss a war in Afghanistan that now appears to be at a potential tipping point . The meeting on the war comes as the Obama administration conducts a review of its Afghan strategy . Obama will be joined by , among others , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , House Minority Leader John Boehner , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and the heads of the Armed Services and Foreign Relations committees in the House and Senate , two Democratic officials said . The meeting comes amid the Obama administration 's comprehensive review of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan . Several top military leaders and opposition Republicans are pressing Obama to act quickly to increase the present 68,000-troop level by as many as 40,000 . "  There 's no doubt that , particularly on funding , it 's not going to happen until Congress signs off , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday . "  They 're an important part of this , and the president wants to hear from them . " In March , Obama announced a plan to send more than 20,000 additional troops to the country to provide security for a national election . That move followed what Obama and others called years of inadequate resources in Afghanistan because of the Bush administration 's focus on Iraq . The Obama strategy was based on a counterinsurgency mission intended to defeat terrorists based in Afghanistan while winning local support and helping with development . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , who took over four months ago as the top U.S. commander in the country , has submitted an assessment in which , sources have told CNN , he says he needs additional forces to carry out the counterinsurgency strategy successfully . Otherwise , McChrystal reportedly warns , the mission could fail , bringing a return of power to the Taliban . "  We need to reverse the current trends , and time does matter , " McChrystal said last week in a speech in London , England . "  Waiting does not prolong a favorable outcome . This effort will not remain winnable indefinitely . " U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates , however , appeared to push back Monday against those who are loudly urging a rapid troop increase . It 's "  important that we get it right , " he told a U.S. Army audience . Gates said that it 's also "  important that all of us ... provide the best advice to the president candidly but privately . " Gen. George Casey , chief of staff of the Army , echoed Gates ' view , telling reporters that he would be sharing his views "  in private " and that they 'd be "  the second to know . " Obama has yet to respond to McChrystal 's report , prompting opponents to accuse him of indecisiveness and playing politics that puts U.S. soldiers on the ground at risk . Watch more on the debate over the best way forward " National Security Adviser James Jones Jr. on Sunday cited three developments since March that have led the White House to reconsider its overall Afghanistan strategy :  Questions about the legitimacy of Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's election victory .  McChrystal 's conclusion that the Taliban is stronger than previously thought .  Neighboring Pakistan 's improved efforts to change the overall dynamic of the border region . "  The key in Afghanistan is to have a triad of things happen simultaneously , " Jones said on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " listing improved security , economic development and "  good governance and the rule of law . " Jones said Karzai 's government "  is going to have to pitch in and do much better " than it has to improve the governance situation after the elections , widely considered as tainted by vote fraud in some areas . Some in Obama 's inner circle , including Vice President Joe Biden , are advocating a counterterrorism approach that focuses on combating al Qaeda through the use of unmanned drones and special forces without involving additional troops . Others , especially McChrystal , are strongly advocating the broader counterinsurgency approach , which requires a much larger U.S. military footprint in the country . See who has Obama 's ear on Afghanistan " Sen. John McCain of Arizona and other Senate Republicans -- as well as other advocates of an increase in troop levels -- are pushing for McChrystal to testify before Congress about his assessment . Senate Armed Service Committee Chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , rejected their request nearly two weeks ago , calling it "  premature . " Eight American troops and two Afghan security force members were killed Saturday when militants opened fire on an outpost with rockets , mortars and heavy-caliber machine guns , according to an initial U.S. military report on the battle . The bodies of four of those U.S. soldiers -- Army Sgt. Joshua Kirk , of South Portland , Maine ; Specialists Michael Scusa of Villas , New Jersey , and Christopher Griffin , of Kincheloe , Michigan ; and Pfc. Kevin Thomson , of Reno , Nevada -- are scheduled to be brought back to the United States on Tuesday , the Pentagon said . It was the largest number of Americans killed by hostile action in a single day in Afghanistan since July 2008 , according to CNN records . CNN 's Ed Henry and Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	Heads of Armed Services and Foreign Relations panels in Congress will attend Meeting comes amid comprehensive review of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan U.S. commander reportedly has warned the mission could fail without more troops Some advisers advocate counterterrorism approach without adding troops
Just 90 miles away , Cuba inevitably shares a long history with the United States , from conquistadors to the Spanish-American War to the Cold War . Here are some of the top moments in that history , even before the countries came into being . Old World meets New World Christopher Columbus lands on Cuba in 1492 and claims the island for Spain , leading the way for that country 's conquistadors to explore the Caribbean and the part of the U.S. Southeast that 's now Florida , among other parts of the Americas . Spanish-American War The United States helps Cuba win independence from Spain in a war between the European country and the Americans in 1898 . In one of the more famous moments , Theodore Roosevelt and his Rough Riders charge up Cuba 's Kettle Hill during the Battle of Santiago , and the so-called 1st Volunteer Cavalry become instant heroes . The United States is given temporary control of Cuba under the Treaty of Paris , and Roosevelt later becomes U.S. President . Guantanamo Bay The U.S. occupation of Cuba lasts until 1902 , during which U.S. forces modernize the capital 's infrastructure . By 1903 , the new Republic of Cuba allows for the creation of a U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay in 1903 , whose military moniker becomes "  Gitmo . " Cuban Revolution In 1959 , Fidel Castro , his brother Raul and their band of bearded guerrillas stage a successful communist revolution overthrowing President Fulgencio Batista , a U.S. ally . Fidel Castro goes on to become one of the world 's longest-ruling leaders , for more than 50 years , and one of the most vocal critics of capitalism and U.S. policies . U.S. embargo After the Cuban Revolution leads to the nationalization of about $ 1 billion of U.S.-owned property on the island , the U.S. government imposes a trade embargo on Cuba in 1960 that 's designed to destabilize the communist regime . The Castros refer to this sanction as a "  blockade " that they claim causes many of Cuba 's problems . Bay of Pigs and missile crisis The United States and Cuba come to the brink of nuclear war following a series of events that begins when U.S.-backed Cuban exiles invade the island at the Bay of Pigs . But the exiles suffer a crushing defeat in 1961 , embarrassing the U.S. government . The following year , Cuba allows the Soviet Union to build missile installations on the isle , a major crisis in the Cold War . The standoff ends when the Soviet Union withdraws the missiles and the Americans promise not to invade Cuba . Secretly , Washington also agrees to remove U.S. ballistic missiles deployed in Turkey against the Soviets . Mariel exodus Flotillas of rafts and boats carry a mass movement of refugees from Cuba to Florida in 1980 . In all , about 124,000 Cuban migrants take to the water and enter the United States . Fidel Castro enabled the exodus by allowing his people to leave Cuba freely from the port of Mariel . Elian Gonzalez Only 5 , Elian Gonzalez is the only boat survivor of a group of refugees fleeing Cuba to Florida in 1999 . An international incident erupts during a custody battle between the boy 's father in Cuba and his relatives in the United States . At gunpoint , U.S. agents remove the boy from his great-uncle 's home , and Elian is returned to Cuba in 2000 . Gitmo Part II After the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States , President George W. Bush uses the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base as a detention facility for terror suspects . At its height , the facility hold more than 750 detainees and becomes a flashpoint of controversy about its legality as a prison and about alleged mistreatment of detainees . Under an agreement , the U.S. government sends Cuba about $ 4,085 a year to lease the land . Fidel Castro , however , is said to have called the U.S. base in Guantanamo "  a dagger plunged into the Cuban soil , " and the last time Cuba took the U.S. payments was in 1959 , when the Castros took power .	The United States helped Cuba win independence from Spain in 1898 The new Republic of Cuba allows the U.S. naval base in Guantanamo in 1903 U.S. comes to brink of nuclear war with Cuba and Soviet Union in 1962 A custody battle over Elian Gonzalez becomes an international incident in 1999
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- A man "  angered " by Manchester United 's defeat to Barcelona in the final of the Champions League killed four people when he drove a minibus into a crowd celebrating the Spanish side 's victory , police in Nigeria have told CNN . Barcelona fans celebrate in the city 's Las Ramblas thoroughfare early Thursday morning . Ten people were also injured in the incident in the town of Ogbo , where the driver was subsequently arrested , a Port Harcourt Police spokesperson said . "  He was displaying his anger at his team losing the match . The driver had passed the crowd then made a U-turn and ran into them , " spokesperson Rita Inomey-Abbey said . Both Manchester United and Barcelona have a large fan base across the African continent , with millions tuning in to watch European football on a weekly basis . Meanwhile , more than 100 people were arrested in Barcelona city center in the early hours of Thursday morning following the Catalan team 's 2-0 victory in Rome in the final of Europe 's top club competition . Police arrested 119 young people after violence flared at a special celebration party in Place de Catalunya near the Las Ramblas thoroughfare , while 238 people suffered minor injuries . City officials estimated the damage at up to 100,000 euros  $ 140,000  as the youths attacked police with bottles and damaged shops , parks and public utilities such as lamp-posts . The trouble took some of the gloss off the achievement of Barcelona , who became the first team to win the Champions League , Spanish League and Spanish Cup titles in one season . Manager Josep Guardiola led the club to glory in his first season in charge , ending a period of three years without a trophy .	Man drives minibus into a crowd celebrating Barcelona 's Champions League win The Manchester United supporter was angry after his team 's defeat in final Nigerian police confirm that 10 people were also injured in the attack Man was arrested after incident that took place in the town of Ogbo
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Paula pushed across western Cuba Thursday evening with wind gusts just under hurricane strength in some places , bringing heavy rain and high winds to the island nation , forecasters said . The storm is gradually weakening and is expected to become a tropical depression Friday , the Miami , Florida-based National Hurricane Center said As of 8 p.m. ET , the center of Paula was about 25 miles  45 kilometers  east of Havana , the center said . It was moving east at 14 mph  22 kph  . Paula passed just south of the Cuban capital around 6 p.m. Thursday -- with sustained winds of 41 mph  67 kph  and a gust of 54 mph  87 kph  recorded in Havana -- after making landfall at about noon near Puerto Esperanza . The storm 's maximum sustained winds have weakened to 55 mph  90 kph  , the center said Thursday night , but wind gusts of 68 mph had been recorded earlier near Puerto Esperanza . Stronger gusts were confined to a small area near the storm 's center , the center said . Paula 's tropical storm-force winds have expanded to 70 miles  110 km  outward from the center , altering the landscape of a storm that has been roughly half that size for most of its duration . Forecasters said the storm was likely to stick to an east to east-northeast track , moving across western and central Cuba Thursday night and Friday . The hurricane center said that tropical storm force winds should continue to spread eastward across western and central Cuba Thursday night , primarily along the north coast . The center discontinued an earlier tropical storm watch also was for the Florida Keys and Dry Tortugas . Emergency management officials in the Keys said Wednesday they were keeping an eye on the progress of Paula and expected some gusty winds and rain , but no protective actions had been initiated . Forecasters predict the center of Paula will remain south of the Keys . Paula is likely to dump an additional 2 to 4 inches of rain over portions of western and central Cuba over the next two days , the National Hurricane Center said . Total maximum amounts could be 10 inches in some areas . Heavy rain could trigger flash floods and mudslides , forecasters said . The Florida Keys could see between 1 and 2 inches of rain . In addition , a storm surge is forecast to raise water levels by 2 to 4 feet above normal tide levels along the coast of western Cuba , accompanied by "  large and destructive waves , " the hurricane center said .	NEW : Storm is gradually weakening , with maximum sustained winds of 55 mph  90 kph Tropical Storm Paula pushes across western Cuba Paula could become a tropical depression on Friday Forecasters say the storm could bring rain to parts of the Florida Keys
CNN  -- Just over 24 hours after Super Typhoon smashed into the coast of Tacloban just two blocks from their hotel , the three-man team of professional storm chasers knew they had to get out . Outside , the water was more than waist deep , roads were clogged with debris , and one of their team members , Mark Thomas , had a deep gash to his leg , inflicted by a jagged piece of sheet metal that sliced into him , unseen beneath the swirling water . "  On Saturday we realized we needed to get the hell out of there as quickly as possible , mostly because of Mark 's leg , " said James Reynolds , founder of Earth Uncut Productions . He and Thomas were joined by Josh Morgerman , who runs iCyclone.com , a storm chasing site from the U.S. . When the typhoon hit they were working with CNN anchor Andrew Stevens and producer Tim Schwarz . Super Typhoon Haiyan struck the capital of Leyte province in the eastern Philippines early Friday morning , creating "  blinding rain , absolutely ferocious winds  and  deafening sounds , " Reynolds said . "  Windows were blowing out , water was cascading down the staircases in the hotel , flooding all the rooms . " After a couple of hours , the storm surge hit , flooding the hotel 's ground floor before conditions eased enough to venture outside . Dazed survivors with cuts and bruises searched for anything they could salvage beneath the wreck of their homes . However , Reynolds said on day two , some were raiding abandoned shops for food and water . Pharmacies were being targeted , presumably for medication . He also saw some people carrying electrical appliances , useless in a town without electricity and covered in water . "  People in the Philippines are great and they 're tough and they 're good at fending for themselves . But the problem is in a situation like that , the more desperate people become for food and water , the more desperate their actions become , " he said . A sense of foreboding was starting to set in , Reynolds said , as people started to realize that everything they had and knew had been wiped out . "  In the immediate aftermath I got the sense that a lot of people did n't quite realize how serious the situation was and how badly it would escalate , " he said . "  Whilst we did n't personally feel threatened you could just sense it would n't take much . " "  I remember at one point looking at the security guard in the hotel and it was n't because of any specific threat , but he had his gun in his hand , and he looked like he was anxious and preparing himself for something , and that was unnerving for me . " Back at their flooded hotel , the team planned a way to get out . They 'd chosen the Alejandro Hotel because of its height -- at four stories it was one of the tallest buildings in Tacloban and they could see the airport from the roof . OPEN STORY : Haiyan 's impact They could also see kilometer after kilometer of flattened buildings and debris covering roads turning what is normally a six to seven kilometer car ride to the airport into potentially a seven-hour trek over collapsed buildings and trees . They were in their hotel room when they heard planes fly overhead . "  We rushed out of the room , sprinted up to the roof and watched the planes fly over the city . We were begging them , ` please land , please , ' because we did n't know the state of the airport . When we saw one of the planes land , we thought , right , ok the airport 's a viable option . " Reynolds and Morgerman set out , leaving an injured Thomas back at the hotel . They had handheld radios and within half an hour a call came from Thomas . He 'd learned of another way out : a military staging post where the airforce was flying people out . iREPORT : Looking for loved ones "  It was so uncertain -- we did n't want to give up our hotel room and food supplies because if we got to the staging post and they said sorry we could n't help you we would have been in big trouble , " Reynolds said . Leaving behind most of their belongings , they carried the bare minimum to the military checkpoint where they registered their names and were told : "  Yes , you can get out on an air force flight but you have to make your own way to their airport . " At that moment , a man Reynolds describes only as a general piped up : "  There is a helicopter coming , come with me . " "  We ran with him , " Reynolds said . "  The chopper landed and we scrambled onto it and got ferried to the airport . " From there they boarded a C-130 with other survivors , and the bagged corpses of four people who did n't make it . They landed in Cebu and caught flights out of the Philippines . Thomas is currently being treated in hospital in Taipei . Back in Hong Kong , Reynolds said it was clear the people of Tacloban had no idea of what was coming . "  The Philippines is n't used to getting storm surges -- it 's not usually such of an issue so this would have caught people by surprise . They do n't associate typhoons with the rising water levels like that . " The day before , his team had bought enough food and water for one week . There were no queues and shelves were well stocked . "  It was like a usual day at the supermarket , " Reynolds said . Asked whether he thought the message had got out that the storm could be the biggest ever to make landfall , he said , "  No , no , it ca n't have done . "	Storm chasers tell of dramatic escape from Tacloban after Super Typhoon Three-man team escaped on military C-130 on Saturday , day after storm Team member 's leg was gashed by sheet metal , feared infection would set in By day two , reality was starting to sink in for survivors , James Reynolds said
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- NATO forces in Afghanistan are investigating a report that a NATO airstrike killed Afghan security forces in a region rife with arms smuggling and narcotics trafficking . Afghanistan 's Defense Ministry issued a statement saying seven Afghan security forces died and Afghan and international forces were injured in the Saturday incident , which occurred in Badghis province -- a swath of territory in western Afghanistan bordering Turkmenistan . This is where NATO forces have launched a search for two American paratroopers who went missing Wednesday during a "  routine resupply mission . " The pair -- from the 4th Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division -- are operating under NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . The service members disappeared near Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan , in the Badghis town of Bala Morghab , said Sayed Ahmad Sami , the provincial police chief . ISAF and Afghan security forces personnel casualties were reported on Friday in several incidents during the search operation , a statement from ISAF said . Four Afghan soldiers , three police and an Afghan civilian working with the army were killed . Fifteen Afghan soldiers , two Afghan police , five U.S. service members under ISAF , and a civilian working with Afghan troops were wounded , the statement said . In another incident in Badghis nearly two weeks ago , seven U.S. service members and three U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration officers were killed in a helicopter crash in the province . Low visibility was cited as the cause of the crash .	Afghan Defense Ministry : Seven Afghan security forces died , Afghan and international forces hurt Occurred in Badghis province in western Afghanistan which borders Turkmenistan NATO forces launched a search in the region for two American paratroopers who went missing Wednesday
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. government experts trying to construct a model of radiation plumes emanating from Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi power plant are being hampered by a "  paucity of good data , " a senior administration official told CNN . "  We have done some  computer  modeling , " the official said , noting the government "  got a little bit of data " when helicopters from the USS Ronald Reagan encountered low levels of radiation during flights in the area . But information has been scant , the official said , adding , "  Garbage in , garbage out . " The official spoke on background because he was not authorized to speak publicly . Experts use computer models of plumes to both track radioactivity or other harmful releases and predict their paths . U.S. officials as well as industry officials and critics say radiation from Fukushima Daiichi will not pose a significant health threat to the United States . But plumes could be a factor in causing flight and maritime restrictions . The official said the United States is sending 39 people and 17,200 pounds of equipment to Japan to assist in efforts to bring the reactors under control . Among the gear is aerial measuring capability to provide radiation readings . He stressed the importance of getting "  boots on the ground " to get good data . From the first hours of the incident , the president 's chief Homeland Security adviser , John Brennan , along with personnel from the Department of Energy , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and other agencies have been maintaining close contacts "  as best we could " with people on the ground in Japan , the official said . Officials have been drawing on a variety of sources for information , including both official and personal contacts in Japan , and open-source material , such as public statements from the Japanese government and Tokyo Electric Power Company web sites . At the Department of Energy , a nuclear incident team has been monitoring developments around the clock , he said . But data has been hard to come by , and there are "  conflicting reports " about damage in some of the reactors , the official said . "  There 's a lot of genuine confusion about what is going on , " he said . U.S. officials also still do not know what caused the fire in Reactor 4 at the Fukushima Daiichi plant . There is concern that fuel rods in a spent fuel storage pool may have been exposed . That fire reportedly burned for two hours before being extinguished .	Data is scare on radioactivity coming from Japan 's damaged reactors Experts need good data in building computer models to track radioactivity Official : "  There 's a lot of genuine confusion about what is going on " Experts say radiation from Japan does not pose a significant health threat to the U.S.
Republican Rep. Tom Cotton has defeated Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor in Arkansas , according to a CNN projection . The win is one of six seats Republicans need to pick up to regain control of the Senate . Like other Democrats in contentious Senate races this cycle , Pryor has struggled to distance himself from President Barack Obama , who is hugely unpopular in the state -- only 34 % of voters in Arkansas approved of Obama , according to a CNN/ORC poll . Even Arkansas ' favorite son could n't give Pryor enough of a boost . President Bill Clinton had swung through the state more than a half-dozen times this cycle , again stumping with Pryor in the state this weekend . But Pryor 's struggles seemed to go beyond what any surrogate could fix , with the two-term Arkansas senator stumbling on a softball question on the president 's handling of the Ebola disease . "  Um ... I would say that ... it 's hard to know , uh , because I have n't heard the latest briefing on that to know all the details -- I mean , I read the paper and all but , " Pryor said in an interview last month . And that came just over a month after his campaign ran an ad attacking his opponent for voting "  against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola , " which was widely panned as misleading . Cotton faced his most stinging criticism over his opposition to reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act . Pryor slammed Cotton for voting against the bill in a brutal campaign and that claimed Cotton does n't want "  to protect women and children . " Cotton defended his vote against the bill , calling the law "  too broad " in scope . But while 138 Republicans also joined Cotton in voting against the final version of the bill , Cotton also voted against an earlier Republican proposal -- the only Arkansas Republican to do so .	After just one term in the House , Republican Tom Cotton is headed for the Senate Cotton defeated two-term Sen. Mark Pryor , who could n't overcome Obama 's unpopularity in the state The win is one of six seats Republicans needed if they are to regain control of the Senate
CNN  -- If you thought dirty money was only found in offshore bank accounts , check your wallet instead . But you may want to wash your hands afterward . Almost 60 % of Europeans believe cash is the dirtiest item they come into contact with , ahead of escalator handrails , buttons on payment terminals and library books , according to a survey of 1,000 people released on March 25 by Mastercard . A further 83 % of the respondents , taken from 15 countries across Europe , believe cash carries a lot of bacteria . And they are right . Independent tests on European money conducted by a team of scientists at Oxford University in December 2012 , revealed that the average banknote contains 26,000 bacteria , enough germs to make you feel nauseous , and possibly even spread disease . "  Europeans ' perceptions of dirty cash are not without reason , " Ian Thompson , the professor from Oxford University who tested the cash , said in a news release . "  The bank notes we tested harbored an average of 26,000 bacteria , which , for a number of pathogenic organisms , is sufficient for passing on infection . " Even the newest , and therefore cleanest , notes tested contained 2,400 bacteria , with Swiss Francs and Danish Krone the dirtiest money of all . "  The bacteria  comes from multiple hands , " Hany Fam from Mastercard told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  These notes have a long time in circulation , they 're handed , hand to hand , from different individuals and it 's inevitable that germs accumulate on them . " Clearly , a credit card company like MasterCard has its own economic interests in pushing people away from cash . "  No , I 'm not just advocating credit cards : I 'm just saying that consumers are increasingly flocking to other forms of payment -- not only for cleanliness , obviously , but for ease , for convenience , for lots of reasons , " Mastercard 's Fam said . Still , cash is dirty . A 2002 study published in the Southern Medical Journal also found bacteria-laden banknotes . Over 80 % of cash tested carried germs that could be harmful to people with lowered immunity . Seven percent of bills showed traces of bacteria that can cause serious illness , including Staphylococcus aureus and Klebsiella pneumonia , according to the study . Only 7 % of the bills were germ-free . Another study conducted in 2008 at Switzerland 's University Hospitals of Geneva found that some flu virus cells could last for up to 17 days on Swiss banknotes , according to SmartMoney.com So what to do ? To prevent infection , scientists suggest basic hygiene : Keep your hands away from your eyes , nose and mouth , and wash your hands often . But that wo n't necessarily prevent illicit banknote contamination . Last year three employees at a Michigan Circle K store became ill after handling money that had been contaminated with methamphetamine residue , according to a local news website , Ann Arbor.com . Cocaine is also a common contaminate in the U.S. . A 2009 study conducted by the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth found up to 90 % of paper money circulating in America contained traces of cocaine .	Almost 60 % of Europeans believe cash is the dirtiest item they touch An Oxford University study found an average of 26,000 bacteria on bank notes Last year , employees of a U.S. store were hospitalized after handling methamphetamine tainted cash Health officials advise basic hygiene - wash hands and avoid eye , nose and mouth contact after touching cash
CNN  -- There is one thing people seem to like about flying : Southwest . In a new survey from Zagat , Southwest Airlines swept several satisfaction categories , including best value among domestic airlines for the third year in a row . The airline also got nods for best luggage policy , best check-in experience , best consumer on-time estimates , and most eco-friendly -- the most top finishes of any airline . "  Customer service is the core of our business , " said Whitney Eichinger , a spokesperson at Southwest . "  Bottom line , we have fun . Southwest takes our business very seriously , but is known for having employees who care about our customers which , in this industry , separates us from our competitors . " Eichinger added that Southwest will continue to offer customers the chance to check their first two bags free , a major draw for the airline since other popular carriers began charging up to $ 25 to check one bag . The survey , conducted on Zagat.com , includes 8,000 opinions from frequent fliers and travel professionals , flying an average of 17 times per year . It covers 16 domestic airlines and 74 international airlines , as well as 30 airports within the United States . Continental Airlines and JetBlue Airways topped the survey for premium seating and economy seating , respectively . This is Continental 's third year winning the premium seating category among large domestic airlines . Singapore Airlines was the top-rated international airline for both premium seating and economy seating , receiving a survey-high score of 28 out of 30 for its premium seats . As for airports , Portland International topped the Overall Quality ratings with 22.47 out of 30 , while New York 's LaGuardia stayed at the bottom with 6.18 out of 30 . This is LaGuardia 's fourth year as America 's least favorite airport . "  It 's very , very crowded . ... They 're having trouble keeping up with the traffic , " said Tim Zagat , co-founder , co-chair and CEO of Zagat Survey . "  I think a lot of the infrastructure is out of date . " In order to move up in the rankings next year , Zagat said they should "  knock it down and start over . " Travelers said that direct routes were the most important factor when choosing a flight , followed by ticket price and past experience with an airline . Forty-five percent of people try to avoid flying airlines that charge for checked luggage . "  My bags get better service , but they pay extra , " one survey respondent joked . Check out the full survey results here .	Southwest swept several customer satisfaction categories in a Zagat survey Southwest is one of the few airlines that allows customers to check their bags for free Singapore Airlines was the top-rated international airline for both premium and economy seating For the forth year in a row , LaGuardia was voted the worst airport
CNN  -- Actor John Forsythe has died at the age of 92 , his publicist said Friday . He died Thursday in Santa Ynez , California , from complications from pneumonia after a year-long struggle with cancer , according to a statement from his publicist . "  Thankfully , he died as he lived his life -- with dignity and grace , " the statement said . Forsythe was perhaps best known as the voice of the never-seen Charlie in the TV show and movies "  Charlie 's Angels , " and for his role as oil magnate Blake Carrington in the 1980s TV show "  Dynasty , " for which he received two Golden Globe Awards for best actor . He is survived by his wife , three children , six grandchildren , and five great-grandchildren , the statement said . Forsythe , the son of a Wall Street businessman , was born John Lincoln Freund in 1918 in Penn 's Grove , New Jersey . After attending the University of North Carolina , he moved to New York City , where he began his career as a radio actor . He also worked as the field announcer for the Brooklyn Dodgers at Ebbets Field . Forsythe was one of the original founding members of Lee Strasburg 's The Actors Studio . He acted in many notable live television shows , including "  Studio One , " "  Philco Playhouse , " "  Kraft Theatre " and "  Robert Montgomery Presents , " including the award-winning episode "  What Makes Sammy Run ? " "  His first Broadway appearances in ` Vickie ' and ` Yankee Point ' led to a motion picture contract with Warner Brothers and his Hollywood debut with Cary Grant in ` Destination Tokyo , ' " the official biography from his family said . He enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II , and then performed in numerous Broadway productions after the war , before moving to Los Angeles , California . Forsythe was nominated for several Emmy awards for the television series "  Bachelor Father " from 1957 to 1962 . He was also working in feature films , including Robert Wise 's "  Captive City , " "  It Happens Every Thursday " with Loretta Young , "  The Glass Web , " and two Alfred Hitchcock films , "  The Trouble with Harry " and "  Topaz . " He also starred in "  The Ambassador 's Daughter , " "  Madame X , " Truman Capote 's "  In Cold Blood , " "  The Happy Ending , " "  And Justice For All " and "  Scrooged . "	Forsythe known as voice of Charlie in the TV show and movies "  Charlie 's Angels " He won two Golden Globe Awards for role in 1980s TV show "  Dynasty " He died Thursday in Santa Ynez , California , from complications from pneumonia Had been struggling with cancer , according to a statement from the publicist
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A top Taliban commander has issued a new threat to foreign aid workers , saying that under the insurgent group 's new "  constitution " they will execute them as spies or hold them in exchange for the release of Taliban fighters . Taliban militants pose with their weapons as they drive their car in Wardak province .  File photo In an exclusive telephone interview Friday night with CNN , Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said the Taliban intelligence wing was actively gathering information on foreign aid workers . "  If we get someone , that is how we will deal with it under our new constitution , " he said . He added that he was telling "  Afghan brothers not to work with NGOs . " In the 15-minute interview , arranged by an intermediary for CNN , Hanafi repeated the Taliban 's pledge to keep girls out of public schools . "  Our law is still the same old law which was in place during our rule in Afghanistan , " he said . "  Mullah Mohammad Omar was our leader and he is still our head and leader and so we will follow the same law as before . " "  In my opinion , " he added , "  Taliban are n't allowing girls to go to schools because Taliban want women to preserve their respect by staying in their homes , not to work as laborers for others . " Dozens of crimes across the country , especially acid attacks , have marred the opening of the new school year in Afghanistan . Afghan girls have been burned and scared randomly with acid as punishment for going to school . More than 600 schools did not open this year because of security issues , according to the Afghanistan Education Ministry . Watch what females face in Afghanistan " The schools that did open , however , remain defiant . Young women admitted to CNN being fearful but also said they are determined to get an education and better their lives . It is a sentiment echoed by their principal , a 35-year veteran of Afghanistan 's girls schools . "  I am asking those who close schools and throw acid on girls to let the children of this country go to school because it 's crime to close the schools , a crime against the children of this country , " said Safia Hayat , principal of the Zarghona Girls School in Kabul . Hanafi , meanwhile , went on to discuss possible reconciliation talks with the Afghan government . "  I do n't think there can be any discussion of peace until the the foreigners leave Afghanistan , " he said referring to the presence of coalition troops . While he seemed to confirm that some reconciliation talks were ongoing , Hanafi also said he wondered what kind of peace was possible as long as Afghans are still dying in NATO bombardments . Hanafi described himself as a commander in the southern province of Helmand , but announced a new Taliban offensive in the north was about to begin and that he would be playing a key role there .	Top Taliban commander issues threat to execute foreign aid workers Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said intelligence wing was gathering information Hanafi repeated Taliban 's pledge to keep girls out of public schools Commander gave exclusive telephone interview Friday night to CNN
CNN  -- Nestled in an epic landscape where two oceans meet in a flurry of foam and waves , Cape Town is one of the most photogenic places on Earth . The city attracts millions of visitors each year who come to admire its vibrant sights and breath-taking scenery , snapping pictures along the way to serve as lasting mementos . Usually , they have to buy expensive hotel Internet or wait until they get home to show them to friends and family , but now , thanks to a local start-up , they can share them almost instantly . "  Escape to the Cape , " brainchild of a 37-year-old former banker Shaheed Ebrahim , offers tours of the city in 3G Wi-Fi equipped vehicles which allows his clients to upload photos to Facebook and Instagram as soon as they take them . Ebrahim got the idea for his venture after struggling to entertain his young children on car journeys : "  My wife and I would give the kids iPads preloaded with games in order to keep them occupied , but we quickly realized that for many functions you had to be connected to the Internet , " he says . The Cape Town native , who won the Emerging Tourism Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 2012 , has always been passionate about his home city , and would regularly take family and friends visiting from overseas on sightseeing trips . Read more : Made in Ghana -- luxury shoes put sparkle in your step When the bank he was working for wanted him to relocate , he decided to leave the corporate world and use his payout to turn his hobby into a profession . However , in South Africa 's tourism industry , which was worth nearly $ 9 billion in 2012 and represented around 4.6 % of the country 's direct employment , competition among tour operators is stiff . Ebrahim soon realized he needed to offer something that would make him stand out from the crowd : "  We live in the technology age where people expect to exchange information instantly , " he says . "  They want upload their pictures on Facebook and Instagram in real-time , and I often host bloggers who wish to publish articles and pictures immediately . " When it comes to photo opportunities , Escape to the Cape tours offer plenty , visiting sites like Table Mountain and Cape Town 's colorful Bo Kaap district with its yellow , blue and pink houses . If that does n't fill up your camera 's memory card , there 's also a chance to see penguin and sea lion colonies , and Cape Point , a World Heritage Site whose 200 meter high sheer cliffs cut deep into the mixing waters of Atlantic and Indian Oceans . The company now employs five permanent staff , but Ebrahim admits that things were far from rosy in the beginning : "  It took two years for the firm to become profitable , which was nerve wracking , but we persevered , " he says . Escape to the Cape is planning to introduce a new service where family and friends at home can take part in tours virtually , via online streaming in tour cars . He is also thinking of expanding his operations to other regions : "  We have a transferable concept and there is no reason why it could n't work in other countries too , " he explains . For now , his clients can sit back and watch those Facebook likes of their Table Mountain photos rolling . Read more : Made in Ghana -- luxury shoes put sparkle in your step Read more : Numbers show that Africa is buzzing with entrepreneurial spirit Read more : Broken heart no more : Old boat sails turned into uplifting art	A Cape Town start-up offers tours of the city in 3G Wi-Fi equipped vehicles Called Escape to the Cape , the company was founded by a former banker Founder won the 2012 Emerging Tourism Entrepreneur of the Year Award
A Florida man was denied bond Monday on a murder charge stemming from a weekend shooting that started with a complaint about loud music and ended with a teenager dead . A statement by the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office described a Friday-night confrontation in a gas station parking lot that escalated into at least eight shots being fired at a car carrying a group of teenagers . Seventeen-year-old Jordan Davis , among the teens , was fatally wounded . Forty-five-year-old Michael Dunn of Brevard County , Florida , was arrested Saturday and charged in the fatal shooting . According to the statement from the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office , Dunn told authorities that he had asked the teens to turn down loud music from their vehicle adjacent to his , as he waited while his girlfriend , who was returning with him from a wedding , went inside the gas station to make a purchase . Dunn told police he felt threatened by the response from the teens , the statement said . Dunn 's attorney , Robin Lemonidis , told CNN Monday that Dunn told police that he reacted after having seen a gun barrel in the window of the teens ' car and after hearing a profanity-laced string of threats against him and his girlfriend while the teens motioned they were opening the door . Lemonidis said that was when Dunn reached for his gun and opened fire on the vehicle . She added that , "  When all the evidence has been flushed out , I believe that it will be extremely clear that Mr. Dunn acted as any responsible firearm owner would have under the same circumstances . " Eight or nine shots were fired at the teens ' car , the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office statement added . There were no guns found inside the teens ' car , the statement said . Lemonidis said her client and his girlfriend left the scene after the shooting , fearing that they had encountered gang members and that more would follow . The couple went to a local hotel for the night , and saw the news the next morning that Davis had died . They returned to Dunn 's home in Brevard County , where local police arrested him Saturday on an out-of-county warrant . Dunn was arraigned Monday afternoon , and Lemonidis said she entered a not-guilty plea on her client 's behalf . Ron Davis , the victim 's father , told CNN affiliate WAWS that he wants to see justice , "  Whether it be through the legal system or to God . God 's going to punish him for that , so me , I do n't want to do anything to him . "	A 17-year-old is dead after a weekend shooting in a gas station parking lot A Florida man is facing a murder charge The suspect 's attorney says her client reacted after he felt threatened by teens The encounter began with the suspect complaining about the teens ' loud music , police say
Mashable  -- Twitter ran on Sunday its first-ever TV spot during the broadcast of the 2012 Pocono 400 NASCAR race . Omid Ashtari of Twitter sent a tweet informing the community to check out the social networking site 's first commercial spot . The 16-second clip features NASCAR racer Brad Keselowski seated in his car and taking a picture of the scene with his iPhone . Keselowski , who came in 24th place during the race , is taking advantage of the iPhone 's capability to upload pictures directly to Twitter . He is an active user of the site . Keselowski made headlines in February when he tweeted updates and pictures following an explosion and fire on a NASCAR track that delayed the Daytona 500 . His documentation of the event earned him more than 100,000 followers in under two hours . Mashable : NASCAR Driver Tweets From Car , Gains More Than 100,000 Followers in Two Hours What 's especially interesting about the TV commercial is how Twitter plugged the NASCAR hashtag at the end of the TV spot . Instead of the typical Twitter.com / NASCAR address we would typically see , it included a hash sign : Twitter.com / #Nascar . This is the start of Twitter 's promotion of its new hashtag pages : "  The updated Twitter for Facebook integration now includes additional rich media experiences related to the first photo , URL , @mention or #hashtag in the cross-posted tweet , " Twitter spokesman Robert Weeks told Mashable last week . "  This update is available for everyone . " Twitter 's Help Center also notes the changes : "  We have fixed many issues with the Twitter for Facebook integration , including the ability to post to Facebook Pages , and added some new features ! " What do you think of the commercial , or of Twitter 's new hashtag pages ? Let us know in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Twitter ran its first-ever TV spot on Sunday during the 2012 Pocono 400 NASCAR race The clip features NASCAR racer Brad Keselowski in his car taking a picture of the scene Twitter plugged the NASCAR hashtag at the end of the TV spot with Twitter.com / #Nascar
Mental Floss  -- Memorial Day is more than just a three-day weekend and a chance to get the year 's first sunburn . Here 's a handy 10-pack of facts to give the holiday some perspective . The gravesite of Capt. Jesse Milton is seen in Arlington National Cemetery . 1 . It started with the Civil War Memorial Day was a response to the unprecedented carnage of the Civil War , in which some 620,000 soldiers on both sides died . The loss of life and its effect on communities throughout the North and South led to spontaneous commemorations of the dead :  In 1864 , women from Boalsburg , Pennsylvania , put flowers on the graves of their dead from the just-fought Battle of Gettysburg . The next year , a group of women decorated the graves of soldiers buried in a Vicksburg , Mississippi , cemetery .  In April 1866 , women from Columbus , Mississippi , laid flowers on the graves of both Union and Confederate soldiers . It was recognized at the time as an act of healing regional wounds . In the same month , up in Carbondale , Illinois , 219 Civil War veterans marched through town in memory of the fallen to Woodlawn Cemetery , where Union hero Maj. Gen. John A. Logan delivered the principal address . The ceremony gave Carbondale its claim to the first organized , community-wide Memorial Day observance . Watch the meaning of the holiday  Waterloo , New York. , began holding an annual community service on May 5 , 1866 . Although many towns claimed the title , it was Waterloo that won congressional recognition as the "  birthplace of Memorial Day . " 2 . General Logan made it official Gen. Logan , the speaker at the Carbondale gathering , also was commander of the Grand Army of the Republic , an organization of Union veterans . On May 5 , 1868 , he issued General Orders No. 11 , which set aside May 30 , 1868 , "  for the purpose of strewing with flowers , or otherwise decorating the graves of comrades who died in defense of their country during the late rebellion ... " Watch the history of the holiday " The orders expressed hope that the observance would be "  kept up from year to year while a survivor of the war remains to honor the memory of his departed comrades . " Watch military kids learn to grieve " 3 . It was first known as Decoration Day From the practice of decorating graves with flowers , wreaths and flags , the holiday was long known as Decoration Day . The name Memorial Day goes back to 1882 , but the older name did n't disappear until after World War II . Federal law declared "  Memorial Day " the official name in 1967 . 4 . The holiday is a franchise Calling Memorial Day a "  national holiday " is a bit of a misnomer . While there are 11 "  federal holidays " created by Congress -- including Memorial Day -- they apply only to Federal employees and the District of Columbia . Federal Memorial Day , established in 1888 , allowed Civil War veterans , many of whom were drawing a government paycheck , to honor their fallen comrades with out being docked a day 's pay . For the rest of us , our holidays were enacted state by state . New York was the first state to designate Memorial Day a legal holiday , in 1873 . Most Northern states had followed suit by the 1890s . The states of the former Confederacy were unenthusiastic about a holiday memorializing those who , in Gen. Logan 's words , "  united to suppress the late rebellion . " The South did n't adopt the May 30 Memorial Day until after World War I , by which time its purpose had been broadened to include those who died in all the country 's wars . In 1971 , the Monday Holiday Law shifted Memorial Day from May 30 , to the last Monday of the month . Mental Floss : 10 holidays not yet exploited by Hallmark 5 . It was James Garfield 's finest hour -- or maybe hour-and-a-half On May 30 , 1868 , President Ulysses S. Grant presided over the first Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery -- which , until 1864 , was Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee 's plantation . Some 5,000 people attended on a spring day which , The New York Times reported , was "  somewhat too warm for comfort . " The principal speaker was James A. Garfield , a Civil War general , Republican congressman from Ohio and future president . "  I am oppressed with a sense of the impropriety of uttering words on this occasion , " Garfield began , and then continued to utter them . "  If silence is ever golden , it must be beside the graves of fifteen-thousand men , whose lives were more significant than speech , and whose death was a poem the music of which can never be sung . " It went on like that for pages and pages . As the songs , speeches and sermons ended , the participants helped to decorate the graves of the Union and Confederate soldiers buried in the cemetery . 6 . Not even the Unknown Soldier can avoid media scrutiny these days "  Here rests in honored glory an American soldier known but to God . " That is the inscription on the Tomb of the Unknowns , established at Arlington National Cemetery to inter the remains of the first Unknown Soldier , a World War I fighter , on November 11 , 1921 . Unknown soldiers from World War II and the Korean War subsequently were interred in the tomb on Memorial Day 1958 . An emotional President Ronald Reagan presided over the interment of six bones , the remains of an unidentified Vietnam War soldier , on November 28 , 1984 . Fourteen years later , those remains were disinterred , no longer unknown . Spurred by an investigation by CBS News , the defense department removed the remains from the Tomb of the Unknowns for DNA testing . The once-unknown fighter was Air Force pilot Lt. Michael Joseph Blassie , whose jet crashed in South Vietnam in 1972 . "  The CBS investigation suggested that the military review board that had changed the designation on Lt. Blassie 's remains to ` unknown ' did so under pressure from veterans ' groups to honor a casualty from the Vietnam War , " The New York Times reported in 1998 . Lt. Blassie was reburied near his hometown of St. Louis , Missouri . His crypt at Arlington remains permanently empty . Watch digital memorial to troops of Afghanistan and Iraq " 7 . Vietnam vets go whole hog On Memorial Day weekend in 1988 , 2,500 motorcyclists rode into Washington , D.C. , for the first Rolling Thunder rally to draw attention to Vietnam War soldiers still missing in action or prisoners of war . By 2002 , the numbers had swelled to 300,000 bikers , many of them veterans . There may have been a half-million participants in 2005 in what organizers bluntly call "  a demonstration -- not a parade . " A national veterans rights group , Rolling Thunder takes its name from the B-52 carpet-bombing runs during the war in Vietnam . Rolling Thunder XXII  and you thought only Super Bowls and Rocky movies used Roman numerals  is Sunday , May 24 . 8 . Memorial Day has its customs General Orders No. 11 stated that "  in this observance no form of ceremony is prescribed , " but over time several customs and symbols became associated with the holiday . It is customary on Memorial Day to fly the flag at half staff until noon , and then raise it to the top of the staff until sunset . Taps , the 24-note bugle call , is played at all military funerals and memorial services . It originated in 1862 when Union Gen. Dan Butterfield "  grew tired of the ` lights out ' call sounded at the end of each day , " according to The Washington Post . Together with the brigade bugler , Butterfield made some changes to the tune . Not long after , the melody was used at a burial for the first time , when a battery commander ordered it played in lieu of the customary three rifle volleys over the grave . The battery was so close to enemy lines , the commander was worried the shots would spark renewed fighting . The World War I poem "  In Flanders Fields , " by John McCrea , inspired the Memorial Day custom of wearing red artificial poppies . In 1915 , a Georgia teacher and volunteer war worker named Moina Michael began a campaign to make the poppy a symbol of tribute to veterans and for "  keeping the faith with all who died . " The sale of poppies has supported the work of the Veterans of Foreign Wars . 9 . There is still a grey Memorial Day Several Southern states continue to set aside a day for honoring the Confederate dead , which is usually called Confederate Memorial Day : Alabama : fourth Monday in April ; Georgia : April 26 ; Louisiana : June 3 ; Mississippi : last Monday in April ; North Carolina : May 10 ; South Carolina : May 10 ; Tennessee  Confederate Decoration Day  : June 3 ; Texas  Confederate Heroes Day  : January 19 ; Virginia : last Monday in May . Mental Floss : The Confederacy 's plan to conquer Latin America 10 . Each Memorial Day is a little different No question that Memorial Day is a solemn event . Still , do n't feel too guilty about doing something frivolous , like having barbecue , over the weekend . After all , you were n't the one who instituted the Indianapolis 500 on May 30 , 1911 . That credit goes to Indianapolis businessman Carl Fisher . The winning driver that day was Ray Harroun , who averaged 74.6 mph and completed the race in 6 hours and 42 minutes . Gravitas returned on May 30 , 1922 , when the Lincoln Memorial was dedicated . Supreme Court chief justice  and former president  William Howard Taft dedicated the monument before a crowd of 50,000 people , segregated by race , and which included a row of Union and Confederate veterans . Also attending was Lincoln 's surviving son , Robert Todd Lincoln . And in 2000 , Congress established a National Moment of Remembrance , which asks Americans to pause for one minute at 3 p.m. in an act of national unity . The time was chosen because 3 p.m. "  is the time when most Americans are enjoying their freedoms on the national holiday . " For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Memorial Day was a response to unprecedented carnage of the Civil War On May 5 , 1868 , Gen. Logan issued General Orders No. 11 , for grave decoration President Grant presided over first Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington In 2000 , Congress established a National Moment of Remembrance at 3 p.m.
New York Yankees player Alex Rodriguez walked out of an arbitration hearing into his record-setting 211-game suspension on Wednesday after learning Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig would not testify , saying later that he 's done with what he called a "  farce " and an "  abusive process . " After arbitrator Fred Horowitz made the decision on Selig , Rodriguez slammed his hand on a desk , looked at MLB Chief Operating Officer Rob Manfred and then at Horowitz , and cursed , a source who was in the room in New York told CNN . The Yankees third baseman then walked out , according to the source . Later , Rodriguez appeared on WFAN radio , which was simulcast on the YES cable TV network , and said he will meet with his attorneys to decide whether he will testify Friday , as scheduled . As of now , if Selig does n't appear , Rodriguez wo n't either , he said . One of his attorneys told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " that Selig needs to answer questions about the suspension . "  Come here , sit in the chair , take an oath , explain your unprecedented , unexplainable decision to make the suspension , " attorney Joe Tacopina told CNN . "  What this really is , is cowardice and hypocrisy . " Rodriguez is appealing his suspension , which MLB levied after accusing him of taking performance-enhancing drugs and having ties to the now-shuttered Biogenesis clinic . After leaving the hearing , Rodriguez released a statement saying he was "  disgusted with this abusive process , designed to ensure that the player fails . " "  I have sat through 10 days of testimony by felons and liars , sitting quietly through every minute , trying to respect the league and the process , " Rodriguez said . "  This morning after Bud Selig refused to come in and testify about his rationale for the unprecedented and totally baseless punishment he hit me with , the arbitrator selected by MLB and the players ' association refused to order Selig to come in and face me . "  The absurdity and injustice just became too much . I walked out and will not participate any further in this farce . " A spokesman for Major League Baseball told CNN that the league will continue to take part . "  Despite Mr. Rodriguez being upset with one of the arbitration panel 's rulings today , Major League Baseball remains committed to this process and to a fair resolution of the pending dispute , " Pat Courtney said . The players ' union said it disagrees with the decision that the commissioner does n't have to testify , saying players have the right to face their accusers . Rodriguez told WFAN he invited Selig to talk in person in early in 2013 but the commissioner declined . "  I think they wanted this big spectacle , and they got it , " he said on WFAN . He said Selig has a personal problem with him and is "  trying to destroy me . " Rodriguez lashes out against MLB commissioner The suspension involves Biogenesis , the former anti-aging clinic in South Florida that MLB says supplied steroids to at least a dozen baseball players . Rodriguez was one of 14 players suspended in the Biogenesis scandal and is the only one who appealed his suspension . Though he was suspended in August , Rodriguez played out the 2013 season because he appealed . Rodriguez , 38 , is fifth on MLB 's list of all-time home run leaders , just six runs behind Willie Mays . He would make $ 25 million in 2014 if his suspension is overturned . If his suspension is upheld , he wo n't be eligible to return until 49 games into the 2015 season . Performance enhancing drugs in sports A-Rod Grocery store seeks new name	Attorney for Alex Rodriguez says Selig is being a coward Alex Rodriguez claims commissioner is out to destroy his career Yankees player is appealing his 211-game suspension MLB accuses Rodriguez of taking performance-enhancing drugs
CNN  Bill Cosby 's long relationship with his beloved Temple University has come to an end , another effect of the scandal engulfing the once adored television star and comedian . Cosby 's Monday resignation from Temple 's board of trustees , a position he held for 32 years , was first reported in the Philadelphia Inquirer . Cosby also attended Temple . At least 17 women have spoken publicly accusing the comedian of sexual misconduct , and many of the women say he drugged them before he raped them . Some of the alleged attacks took place decades ago . Cosby 's attorney , Martin D. Singer , has repeatedly denied the claims . Singer said in a written statement sent to CNN that it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " "  I have always been proud of my association with Temple University , " Cosby said in a statement released by the university . "  I have always wanted to do what would be in the best interests of the university and its students . As a result , I have tendered my resignation from the Temple University Board of Trustees . " "  The Board of Trustees accepts Dr. Cosby 's resignation from the board and thanks him for his service to the university , " was the university 's response . Rape allegations wo n't go away for Bill Cosby The board of trustees had been under pressure from alumni and other members of the Temple community to cut ties . A change.org petition demanding the university end its relationship with Cosby had more than 1,000 signatures as of Monday afternoon . The University of Massachusetts at Amherst recently also cut ties with Cosby . "  Bill Cosby has agreed to resign as an honorary co-chair of UMass Amherst 's capital campaign . He no longer has any affiliation with the campaign nor does he serve in any other capacity for the university , " said Ed Blaguszewski , a spokesman for University of Massachusetts at Amherst . Cosby got his master 's and doctorate in education from the university in the 1970s . Cosby 's accusers One of Cosby 's accusers worked at Temple . In a report to police in her home province of Ontario , Canada , in January 2005 , Andrea Constand said that in January 2004 , when she was a 31-year-old staffer for the Temple women 's basketball team , she was at the comedian 's Cheltenham , Pennsylvania , home when Cosby provided her medication that made her dizzy . She told police she later woke up to find her bra undone and her clothes in disarray . Though no charges were filed , Cosby settled a civil suit with Constand that alleged 13 Jane Does had similar stories . One of those Jane Does is now talking publicly about her ordeal . Donna Motsinger , 73 , said she worked at a restaurant in Sausalito , California , that was popular with celebrities in the early 1970s . She met Cosby there , and said he asked her to his show . She accepted . "  I was so young , so innocent , I was so impressed that somebody so famous wanted to go out with me . My goodness , I was over the moon , " Motsinger told CNN . She said they stopped for gas and had an alcoholic beverage . By the time they got to the theater , she felt sick and asked for an aspirin . Motsinger said Cosby gave her what she thought was an aspirin . "  The next thing I remember from that minute on , after that there was some conversation and laughing and stuff , but then the next thing I remember and I do n't know the time between the aspirin and this time but the next thing I remember I had become conscious in the limousine , he 's next to me , he 's got his hands on me and I look up I see the lights of the city . I could see it clear as a bell in my mind right now , the lights of the city coming back and it was all blurry , kind of the lights , and I passed out again , " she said . Motsinger continued : "  The next thing I knew I woke up the next morning in my own bed , in my own house with all my clothes off except for my underwear and I did n't tell a soul . " At least 17 women have been speaking to various media outlets accusing Cosby of sexual misconduct , including 14 women who CNN has either spoken to , who have spoken on camera about their allegations , or whose public allegations have been addressed by Cosby 's attorney . Cosby attorney John Schmitt sent a blanket denial of several allegations that have cropped up recently , but later amended his denial to say he was n't referring to Constand , who resolved her differences "  to the mutual satisfaction of Mr. Cosby and Ms. Constand years ago . " ` It 's not gon na end here ' Another of Cosby 's accusers spoke to CNN on Monday . Janice Dickinson , a former supermodel , says Cosby assaulted her in 1982 after the two had dinner in Lake Tahoe . She alleges he gave her a pill and a glass of red wine shortly before she passed out . When asked what went through her mind when she heard there were other women accusing Cosby , Dickinson said : "  I am here for those women ... I want to validate these women and I want to applaud them for their courage . " At one point in the interview , she broke down in tears and covered her face . "  But I 'm strong , and I 'm gon na stand on my own two feet and I 'm gon na tell my side of the story , and it 's not gon na end here , " she said . Singer , Cosby 's attorney , has said that Dickinson 's allegation is a "  fabricated lie , " and that it contradicts what she wrote in her autobiography and what she said during a 2002 New York Observer interview . The latest allegations come amid the revelation that Cosby gave an exclusive interview to the National Enquirer in exchange for the publication not printing the story of Beth Ferrier . Ferrier told media outlets in 2005 that she met Cosby in Denver in the mid - '80s . He mentored her for a time , but one night , she said , he gave her a drugged cappuccino . "  I woke up in my car in the parking lot with my clothes all a mess , " she said . "  I wondered , I still wonder , ` What did he do with me ? Why was my bra unhooked ? ' " The two later conducted an "  on-and-off consensual affair " that lasted several years , she told People magazine . At the time , Cosby 's publicist told People that he had no comment . "  I would give them an exclusive story , my words " Cosby said , according to court records of a 2005 deposition , talking about what his understanding was with the National Enquirer . "  What would they give you in return ? " he was asked . "  They would not print the story of -- print Beth 's story , " Cosby said . The transcript continues : "  Did you ever think that if Beth Ferrier 's story was printed in the National Enquirer that that would make the public believe that maybe Andrea  Constand  was also telling the truth ? " "  Exactly , " Cosby replied . CNN 's Dana Ford , Ronni Berke and Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	At least 17 women have spoken publicly accusing Cosby of sexual misconduct The comedian has either denied or declined to address the allegations Cosby resigns from Temple University board amid scandal He had served his alma mater for 32 years
Hillary Clinton is defending President Barack Obama 's decision to extend talks with Iran over dismantling its nuclear program . "  I think it is a very important effort to continue to pursue , and to try to see if we can reach an agreement that is in line with our requirements , " Clinton said Friday night . But she called for a tough approaching in the talks that were recently extended for seven more months , saying she is "  strongly of the view that no deal is better than a bad deal . " "  A deal that verifiably closes all of Iran 's pathways to a nuclear weapon -- and the key there is verifiably , and all , including covert efforts -- that is what is at the center of this negotiation , " Clinton said . "  And I think , one might say remarkably , our partners have not jumped ship . They have stayed in the negotiation . " Her comments came during an hour-long question-and-answer session with Haim Saban , a major Democratic donor , in an event hosted by the Brookings Institution . Clinton has claimed credit for starting those talks with Iran during her tenure as President Barack Obama 's Secretary of State -- and the issue could remain a hot topic if , as is widely expected , she seeks the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 . Republicans have criticized the Obama administration 's handling of the Iran talks , and have argued that they 'd advance legislation to impede any deal that would allow Iran to continue to enrich uranium . Clinton said she wishes she had "  spoken out more " during the so-called Green Revolution after the 2009 elections in Iran . She said the State Department urged Twitter to hold off on a maintenance update because the social media tool provided a communications channel that was fueling protests there . Iran is not the only issue where Clinton refused to distance herself from the Obama administration that came up Friday night . She backed the Obama administration on Israel -- a traditional ally with which tensions have been strained following White House warnings about civilian casualties in Gaza , and an Obama administration official , quoted anonymously , referred to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as "  chickens -- . " "  Nobody can argue with the commitment of this administration to Israel 's security , " she said . She acknowledged that the two countries have disagreements . "  We 're two raucous democracies ... you do get carried away from time to time , " Clinton said . And Clinton said an upbeat jobs report issued Friday morning is "  not an outlier " and predicted that the economy would continue to improve in the coming two years .	Clinton participated in a question-and-answer session at the Brookings Institution She said it 's important to pursue an agreement "  in line with our requirements " But she called for a tough approach : "  No deal is better than a bad deal "
CNN  The economic Mood Map is a regular part of CNN 's Davos coverage and gives you the chance to share sentiment about the economic climate in your county . You can then compare your results with CNN.com users all over the world . The four questions you answer have multiple choice answers , representing sentiments from positive to negative . Once submitted , we compile the answers and color the world map , based on an average of the responses for each country . So if 50 % of respondents were very positive and 50 % very negative , the country in question would be colored from the center of the scale . We also show how many people have responded in each country . This is not a scientific poll . The results only indicate the sentiments felt by CNN.com users and may not reflect public opinion . The CNN economic Mood Map can be found here . For more on this topic , explore the OECD 's Better Life Index . It looks at whether people are happy with the economy and their personal lives by asking them to create their own well-being index . The data mostly come from the OECD , the United Nations and National Statistics Offices .	The CNN economic Mood Map is part of CNN 's World Economic Forum coverage It enables users to tell CNN what their economic mood is across four different topics Users can see how their mood compares to others in their country and around the world
CNN  -- More than two years after a chimpanzee mauled her , Charla Nash will once again be able to eat solid foods and regain her sense of smell thanks to a full face transplant , doctors at Boston 's Brigham and Women 's Hospital said Friday . "  I am happy to report that the team has achieved tremendous success , " said Dr. Elof Eriksson , chief of the Division of Plastic Surgery . Surgeons also transplanted two hands to Nash , but they did n't thrive and were removed . In February 2009 , Sandra Herold had called her friend Nash for help in getting her pet chimpanzee , Travis , back inside her house after he used a key to escape . When Nash arrived , the chimp , who had been featured in TV commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy , jumped on her and began biting and mauling her , causing serious injuries to her face , neck and hands . Police shot Travis to halt the attack and he later died of gunshot wounds . Doctors say they see Nash as more than an animal attack victim . "  To us , Charla is a courageous , strong person .  She  inspired the team to do everything possible , using our collective expertise , to restore her quality of life , " Plastic Surgeon Director Dr. Bohdan Pomahac said . Nash 's face transplant was different than others done before because of the extent of damage to it , the doctors said . She is the third person at Brigham and Women 's Hospital to receive a full face transplant ; Dallas Wiens was the first in the United States to have such a surgery in March , also at the hospital . Nash is the second to receive a double-hand transplant at the same time as a face transplant ; the first was performed in France in 2009 . That patient died of a heart attack in a later operation . Nash had lost her nose , upper jaw , most of the soft tissue on her face , and both upper and lower lips . She was also left blind . The surgery , which was performed last month , involved removing some tissue and attaching skin and underlying muscle , based on vessels and nerves that provide motor and sensory functions , Pomahac said . The entire hard palate and teeth were also transplanted . The result was "  miraculous , " said Nash 's brother , Steve . The thing Nash is most looking forward to , her brother said , was visiting their favorite hot dog stand . As for the double hand transplant , doctors successfully attached the new hands , but a few days later Nash became sick and her blood pressure fell , causing circulation problems to the new limbs . After a few days , doctors saw that the hands were not thriving and removed them . In the next three months , Nash will regain sensation to her face , and in six to nine months will be able to smile , control her lips and otherwise make facial expressions , Pomahac said . "  All these things will gradually improve , " he said . Nash skipped her child 's high school graduation because she was afraid of taking away from the occasion , but thanks to the transplant , can look forward to being present for college graduation , Pomahac said . The surgery will give her a chance to have a more normal social life , he said .	Charla Nash was attacked by a chimpanzee in 2009 She underwent a face transplant last month Her brother calls the results "  miraculous "
CNN  -- Saudi Prince Bandar bin Sultan , the man behind the kingdom 's committed policy to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , has stepped down from his intelligence post , according to the country 's official news agency . Considered one of the most familiar faces in the Saudi Royal House , Prince Bandar was relieved of his post as chief of General Intelligence on Tuesday "  upon his request . " General Staff Yousif bin Ali Al-Idreesi has been assigned to act as Chief of General Intelligence immediately , the Saudi Press Agency reported . Prince Bandar bin Sultan served as the Saudi ambassador to the United States for 22 years until 2005 , and was appointed the chief of General Intelligence in 2012 . "  Even though he was ambassador to the United States for 22 years and very close to the Bushes , he was no friend of the United States for the last three or four years , " Christopher Dickey , foreign editor at The Daily Beast , said Wednesday in an interview on CNN . Bandar took on the thorny task of building and implementing Saudi Arabia 's policy on Syria . He became a staunch supporter of the rebel cause , supporting the Syrian Free Army in trying to topple al-Assad 's government , and leveraged his close ties with his traditional friends in the West , calling on them to arm the Syrian opposition . However , a lack of international action on Syria and a thawing of Western ties with Iran marked a watershed in Saudi 's global orientation . Iran backs the al-Assad regime . "  Bandar was extremely hawkish on Iran even before he had this official position , " said Dickey . "  One time or another he 's tried to take on Iran , and he has n't been very successful at that . " In October , Prince Bandar was widely quoted as saying the kingdom would be making a "  major shift " in dealings with Washington . This new stance , analysts say , could signal a pendulum swing when it comes to Saudi Arabia 's policy toward Syria . "  I think the American Saudi partnership in the region will probably be less rocky than when Bandar was running the show , " Dickey said . U.S. President Barack Obama , who visited Riyadh in March for the first time since 2009 , discussed "  tactical " differences with Saudi Arabia over the question of the arming of the Syrian rebels . A senior administration official told reporters after President Obama 's face-to-face meeting with Saudi 's King Abdullah that the United States and Saudi Arabia are "  very much aligned " despite recent policy differences over Syria and Iran . "  I think the moderates are coming in and they are going to set the agenda for the next stage , " said Abdulkhaleq Abdulla , professor of political science at UAE University . The United States and Saudi Arabia have a longstanding history , an alliance forged most notably by oil and most recently by the rise of al Qaeda-affiliated networks in the region .	Prince Bandar bin Sultan was appointed as the chief of intelligence in July 2012 He served as the country 's ambassador to the United States for 22 years until 2005 General Staff Yousif bin Ali Al-Idreesi takes on role as acting chief of General Intelligence
CNN  -- More than 2,000 lives lost . A vast and unfolding humanitarian crisis . And the downing of a civilian airliner that shocked the world . It 's hard to imagine -- but true -- that the raging conflict between Ukraine and Russia , or at least Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels , all started with a humble trade agreement . As tensions run high over a Russian aid convoy described by Western leaders as a provocative incursion , reports of direct Russian military activity inside Ukraine and Ukrainian fears of an outright invasion , it 's time to look back on how we got here , and where things are headed : How it started While the roots of the crisis run quite deep , what 's happening now began to unfold in earnest in the fall of 2013 . That 's when then-Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych scuttled a trade deal with the European Union that would have pulled the country , so recently a satellite of the Soviet Union , toward Europe in the latest twirl of a dance that has lasted centuries . Instead , Yanukovych jumped at Russian President Vladimir Putin 's offer to buy $ 15 billion in debt from his cash-strapped government and cut the price of vital natural gas to the country . Yanukovych 's decision set off protests in Ukraine 's more Europe-leaning west calling for the government 's ouster . Security forces responded harshly , beating protesters and firing live ammunition into demonstrations , resulting in several deaths . As clashes spread , so did international anger over the situation . By late February , Yanukovych had fled to Russia , the government had fallen and a new pro-Europe government had formed to replace it . That , in turn , set off pro-Russian demonstrations in Crimea , a semi-autonomous Ukrainian republic and the location of a major Russian navy base . After thousands of Russian troops filtered into the territory -- purportedly at the invitation of Ukraine 's self-exiled president -- Ukraine 's regional parliament called a referendum on secession , and before you could say "  borscht , " Crimea was part of Russia . And it 's here that things turned even uglier . Pro-Russian fighters occupied government buildings in the country 's east , demanding a referendum on independence . Before long , rebel forces -- believed to be supported by Russia -- had taken control of major cities in Ukraine 's east . Fighting broke out between the rebel groups and Ukraine 's military , fighting that continues today . In a major and likely inadvertent escalation in July , a suspected surface-to-air missile believed to have been operated by pro-Russian rebels shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , killing all 298 people aboard and hardening Western opinion , particularly in Europe , against Russia . What 's happening now Ukraine 's military has been on the offensive recently against the pro-Russian forces , but those successes seem to have slowed . Russian troops remain camped along the Ukrainian border , Western leaders say . And Ukrainian officials said Tuesday that they had detained 10 Russian soldiers in the Donetsk region of eastern Ukraine , further evidence , Kiev says , of direct Russian involvement in the conflict . Meanwhile , the United Nations has warned of a growing humanitarian crisis sure only to get worse unless something is done to stem the fighting . What 's next A full-scale invasion is unlikely . While Putin 's approval rating among Russians is sky-high , recent polling shows the Russian people are n't wild about an out-and-out invasion of Ukraine , said Robert D. Kaplan , the chief geopolitical analyst for Stratfor . "  He may be a dictator , but dictators care about public opinion as much as democrats , " he said . But any talk of peace from Putin is likely a stalling tactic . Putin is buying time so that he can continue slipping arms and aid to help rebels recover from their recent losses , said Heather Conley , senior vice president of Europe and Eurasia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  His best option is to have a permanent frozen conflict , " she said . Fall and winter will slow the fighting . Kaplan said the colder seasons in Ukraine mean mud and mud means a slower tempo for military operations . Just do n't expect total silence , he says -- there will still be fighting . Moscow will try to squeeze Ukraine . Putin will slow the flow of crucial natural gas and goods into Ukraine , putting further pressure on Kiev 's economy and war-fighting ability . "  The Russians will try everything to weaken the regime in Kiev , " Kaplan said . The West has some soul-searching to do . Sanctions applied by the United States and Europe against Russia have so far only played into Putin 's playbook , enhancing the image of an aggrieved Russia trying to shake off its detractors , Conley said . Putin 's strategy of assembling a larger Russian empire has significant ramifications for Estonia and Latvia , Conley said , raising questions about just what the West will do to stop Russia if Putin chooses to further extend his reach . And what will it take to end this ? Ukraine is a linchpin of Putin 's plans for Russia , whether it 's reassembling a historical empire or shoring up the Russian economy , Conley says . So whatever happens must support that . Kaplan says Putin ca n't pull back without gaining assurances that Ukraine will never become part of NATO . Ukraine , he said , needs assurances about its sovereignty and energy security .	The Ukraine conflict started with a dispute over a trade deal That ballooned into protests , then Russia stepped in Looking forward , an outright invasion seems unlikely , analysts say It wo n't be easy to unravel the complex political and economic forces tugging at Ukraine
CNN  Indian authorities in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh have made a grisly find in one of their police stations : dozens of human body parts . Contract workers made the discovery in the city of Unnao , around 60 kilometers  37 miles  southwest of Lucknow . While cleaning a disused part of a city police station late last week , the workers chanced upon sacks filled with human remains in a room that had been locked for a long time . Until 2008 , the room was used as a mortuary , where bodies were kept before funerals , Ram Kishan Yadav , an additional superintendent of police for Unnao District , told CNN . In mid-2008 , he said , the mortuary was shifted to an area hospital . "  These body parts were to be shifted to the district hospital mortuary , but we do n't know how they have since been kept here in the police station , " he said . "  An investigation is still ongoing . " Foul play is not suspected , officials say , but they are not sure why the bodies were not disposed of properly . In Hinduism and some other Indian faiths , funerals are usually conducted by cremation . Officials say the bodies are likely to be at least 20 years old . Another police official said that DNA testing would be conducted on the remains . Opposition lawmakers have called for an in-depth investigation . Bharatiya Janata Party state legislator Pankaj Gupta told the Hindustan Times that his party "  will take up the issue with the chief minister and organize a movement on this issue . " The discovery comes two weeks after around 80 skeletons and decayed bodies surfaced in the Ganges , India 's holiest river , in the district .	Workers discovered dozens of body parts in a disused room in a police station in northern India Foul play is not suspected , but officials are unsure why the bodies were not disposed of properly The discovery comes shortly after the remains of around 80 people washed up in the district after disposal in the Ganges River
CNN  -- The United States has injury worries on the track while the basketball team worries about a familiar foe . Here are five things to watch at the Olympics on Friday : 1  Men 's 4x400 relay : U.S. hopes to continue streak The United States is lucky to be in the final , lucky , that is , that Manteo Mitchell found a way to finish his opening leg despite a broken fibula . The United States will have to find a replacement for him as they challenge the Bahamas for the gold . Also keep an eye on Great Britain , which will have most of the 80,000 fans at Olympic Stadium cheering for them . Why Olympians bite their medals Final is at 9:20 p.m. London time  4:20 p.m. ET 2  Basketball : U.S. dreaming of another final Team USA faces veteran Argentina in what could be a tough semifinal matchup for the dominant Americans . Sure the United States beat them 126-97 in the preliminary round , but it was a one-point game at half and surely the Americans wo n't score 42 points in the third quarter again . Argentina figures to slow the game down a little and they are expected to have point guard Pablo Prigioni back . London 2012 : Live blog Semifinal game begins at 9 p.m. London time  4 p.m. ET  . 3  Cycling : BMX , baby Eight riders , lots of jumps and bumps , some sharp turns , lots of crashes . As the New York Times said : "  Given the carnage on display Thursday , it is safe to assume that whoever designed the BMX racetrack really dislikes BMX racers . " Both men and women compete in the event with semifinals and final on Friday . Soccer : U.S. women beat Japan The first events begins at 3 p.m. London time  10 a.m. ET 4  Boxing : Superheavyweight super fight Defending superheavyweight champ Roberto Cammarelle takes on world No. 1 Magomedrasul Medzhidov . Cammarelle , from Italy , is one of only eight boxers to win three medals  he is already guaranteed at least a bronze .  Like his opponent , Medzhidov is on the shorter side for the weight class , but he makes up for a usual reach disadvantage with a powerful punch . Swim coach : Australia getting ` soft ' Boxing begins at 1:30 London time  8:30 a.m. ET  . Superheavyweight matches begin at 10:30 p.m. London time  5:30 p.m. ET 5  Women 's 4x100 meter relay : Chance at redemption Running with two backups , the United States came within a hair of breaking the Olympic record . On Friday , Carmelita Jeter and Allyson Felix will be back in the lineup for the Americans in their matchup against Jamaica . It is unclear if Jeneba Tarmoh , Tianna Madison or Bianca Knight will run again . Each team is looking for redemption as both teams botched handoffs at Beijing . Genocide survivor leads way for Rwandan athletes Round 1 of the relays begins at 8:40 p.m. London time  3:40 p.m. ET	The U.S. relay team has three injured runners American men 's basketball team faces an Argentine team packed with veterans BMX racing has been crash-filled at London U.S. women 's sprint relay teams are looking to make up for bad races in 2008
Sydney  CNN  -- Reinstalled Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd recently announced his Papua New Guinea or "  PNG Solution " in an effort to halt the escalating number of unauthorized boat arrivals of asylum seekers to Australia shores . Under his plan , all asylum seekers arriving by boat would be transferred to PNG for "  processing " and no asylum seeker coming by boat would ever obtain permanent resettlement in Australia , even if they were subsequently found to be a genuine refugee . With an election due sometime before late November , the perception that Australia has lost control of its borders is the primary issue in a handful of marginal seats that will decide the election . Rudd is attempting to break the people smuggling business model by removing the possibility that one can arrive by boat seeking asylum and eventually win resettlement in Australia . Despite the deliberately harsh rhetoric about the PNG Solution that is designed to deter boat arrivals , Rudd 's plan will not be as effective as might first appear . READ MORE : Riots as Australia shuts door on asylum Conservative leader Tony Abbott has derided the PNG Solution as a flimsy two page-agreement "  held together by sticky tape and Blu-Tack . " Abbott has an obvious interest in doing so . But he is correct . Like all effective policies , the devil is in the detail . In this case , the lack of detail for such an important policy announcement is astounding . Can PNG absorb all Australia 's boat arrivals ? First , there are serious doubts that PNG has the capacity to absorb the number of asylum seekers that will try to make it to Australia , even if there is an initial deterrent effect following the weekend announcement . Authorities at PNG 's Manus Island Detention Centre , the primary location for processing Australia-bound boat people , openly admit that current facilities can only house around 300 people . Given that around 3,500 asylum seekers have been arriving each month since 2013 , even a dramatic slowdown would overburden the Manus Island facilities . PNG leader Prime Minister Peter O'Neill has indicated that the country could take in some 3,000 asylum seekers for processing , although no firm ceiling has been put on the ultimate number . O'Neill has only indicated that the numbers of asylum seekers that PNG is prepared to take will depend on the country 's capacity to do so . Although temporary tent shelters can be built within weeks to accommodate around 600 people , PNG officials have also indicated that permanent facilities to accommodate the 3,000 people will take two years to construct . Left unanswered is where Australian authorities -- who bear responsibility for the asylum seekers at all stages -- would send surplus asylum seekers for processing if PNG facilities could no longer cope , as is likely to be the case . Due to a 2011 High Court decision which invalidated the "  Malaysia Solution " proposed by previous Labor leader Julia Gillard , Canberra can not legally send Australia-bound asylum seekers to countries that are not signatories to the 1951 Geneva Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees and the 1967 Protocol . As PNG and the Philippines are the only signatories among Australia 's neighbors , the suspicion is that Australia-bound boat people who can not be processed by PNG will have to be processed under Australian jurisdiction and resettled in the country if found to be refugees -- which is precisely why growing numbers of boat people are arriving in the first place . If so , Rudd 's threat that no asylum seeker arriving by boat will ever gain entry into Australia will be demonstrated to be hollow -- which will likely encourage even more asylum seekers to pay smugglers in an attempt to gain Australian entry . Concerns about "  culture clash " Second , O'Neill has stated that PNG will only resettle asylum seekers who have been found to be genuine refugees . Several questions arise at this point . Over half of all asylum seekers have been found to be genuine refugees upon arriving in Australia , with the number rising to above 90 % after going through the Australian judicial appeals process . There is already strong political and social opposition in PNG to resettling refugees in what is still a vastly undeveloped country . Given PNG 's hitherto absent role in accepting refugees , many in the country express concern about an imminent "  culture clash " in the event of a refugee influx , while many have openly hostile attitudes towards Muslim immigrants who would comprise the majority of Australia-bound asylum seekers . This will only restrict the numbers of refugees that PNG would in reality accept , increasing the chances that they will be resettled in Australia . Moreover , O'Neill has stated categorically that PNG will not allow those asylum seekers who are subsequently found not to be genuine refugees to remain in the country . Given that all Australia-bound asylum seekers remain Australia 's responsibility even if they are processed in PNG under Rudd 's PNG Solution , those rejected automatically remain "  Australia 's problem " and under Canberra 's duty of care . Once again , Canberra would have few options available besides transferring them to Australian facilities . Can policy stand annual test ? Third , the PNG Solution is subject to renewal each year , meaning that there will be immense annual pressure on Port Moresby to annul what is an extremely unpopular agreement . Although Australia will bear all of the costs for the PNG Solution , the plan has not been "  costed " meaning that Australians are likely to recoil when the true ongoing expense of the proposal becomes clear . Despite all this , we need to remember that this policy is forged in the midst of an election campaign . Rudd only needs the PNG Solution to "  stop the boats " for a few weeks in order to somewhat cynically portray the initiative as an ingenious plan . Short term success in stemming boat arrivals is all Rudd needs , which is just as well -- because this is all the PNG Solution is likely to achieve . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Lee .	Australian leader Kevin Rudd plans to send "  boat people " to PNG Plan derided by opposition as flimsy deal ` held together by sticky tape ' Lee : Lack of detail for important policy is "  astounding " Where would Australia send refugees if Papua New Guinea could n't cope ?
CNN  Lest we Americans forget that -- in the wellsprings of our nation -- France bore the torch of liberty alongside us , our old ally has launched a reminder from across the Atlantic 's waves . L'Hermione , with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings , is a painstaking replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the United States ' founding fathers in the War of Independence . It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history . In 1780 , the original Hermione was assigned to a French nobleman , who fought as a general in George Washington 's army against the British . His name : Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier , Marquis de Lafayette . Lafayette carried prized cargo -- news from King Louis XVI that France was throwing men , guns and treasure behind the Colonies , according to a historical summary on L'Hermione 's website . Lafayette , who had been wounded in the Revolutionary War had gone back to his homeland to lobby on behalf of Washington , who was also one of his close friends . Lafayette rejoined the fight on the front lines in Virginia , while L'Hermione did sea battle with its 32 guns against the English farther north . Its coppered bottom was an innovation that made it cut faster through the waters . In Chesapeake Bay , it joined the blockade that led the British to surrender . After the war , Lafayette returned to live in France . More than 200 years later , in 1997 , a group of people came up with the idea of reconstructing the frigate using the same building methods applied in the original . They claim the replica is the "  most authentically built Tall Ship in the last 150 years . " After a year of testing , it set sail Saturday to retrace Lafayette 's journey , 235 years after the original , and France gave it a sendoff with the trappings of an act of state . "  L'Hermione is a luminous episode of our history . She is a champion of universal values , freedom , courage and of the friendship between France and the United States , " French President Francois Hollande said in a speech . President Obama , in a letter to congratulate the launch , called France "  our Nation 's oldest ally . " "  For more than two centuries , the United States and France have stood united in the freedom we owe to one another , " he wrote . L'Hermione will ply across the Atlantic for 27 days en route to Yorktown , Virginia , where it plans to arrive in early June . After that , it will show itself off in 12 ports along the East Coast . It should be in New York City for the Fourth of July , possibly sharing Independence Day fireworks with the Statue of Liberty . Since 1886 , that gift from France -- also a reminder of our common bond -- has been America 's quintessential national symbol of freedom .	L'Hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century ship of the same name The original fought with American colonists against the British in the Revolutionary War
CNN  Russia is rarely out of the headlines these days -- often for controversial reasons -- but does that mean it should be avoided by tourists ? Since the collapse of the Soviet Union the country 's status as a travel destination has grown steadily , with visitors drawn as much by the spectacular architecture and history of Moscow and St. Petersburg , as by the people and rich culture . However , recent events in Ukraine and the Crimean region have dealt a blow to this popularity , and could spell further trouble for Russia 's tourism industry in 2015 . Ironically , with the ruble taking a significant hit after the West slapped sanctions on Moscow following the annexation of Crimea and tensions in eastern Ukraine , there 's seldom been a cheaper time to go for visitors from many countries . But will they go ? And , crucially , should they ? Indications so far suggest that 2015 will be another tough year for the Russian tourism industry . In the past , Russia 's biggest source of visitors has been former Soviet states -- chiefly Ukraine . "  Ukraine is by far Russia 's largest foreign market . Last year , tourism from that country into Russia plunged 43 % , " says Gillian Kennedy , an analyst for the London-based Travel & Tourism Intelligence Centre . It 's a situation mirrored across other former Eastern Bloc countries . "  Traditionally , these visitors have traveled to Russia by road , which is a cheaper route than flying . But many roads to Russia from Eastern Europe go through Ukraine , which were shut down because of the conflict . " Beyond the region , tourism from Germany , the United Kingdom and United States experienced the most significant drops -- trends Kennedy says are likely to continue in coming years . "  The political situation between Russia and the EU remains difficult , which affects the economy of Russia in a negative way , " says Helen Isaeva , managing director of Moscow-based destination management company Travel Russia . "  Needless to say that Russia is currently not a popular destination to travel to for many countries there . " Russia 's rail and river voyages -- usually a strong draw for tourists -- have seen a decline in interest for 2015 excursions . According to Dmitry Esakov , director of sales and marketing for Moscow-based Volga Dream Cruises , bookings are down by up to 40 % , partly due to a backlash against Russia 's recent actions . "  Business from all Western countries has been affected in one way or the other , " he says . "  Whereas six months ago that drop down may have been mainly driven by safety concerns , now they are mostly of a political and emotional nature . " There are no major Western travel advisories warning against visiting Russia beyond its border regions with Ukraine and regions that have previously been beset by troubles such as North Ossetia and Chechnya . The UK Foreign and Commonwealth website notes on Russia : "  Most visits are trouble free . " There 's a more cautionary message from the U.S. State Department , which expresses concern about sporadic terrorist incidents , crime , harassment and demonstrations -- but there 's no explicit warning to stay away . Felix Willeke is the marketing manager for Lernidee Erlebnisreisen , a German tour operator running the Tsar 's Gold Trans-Siberian train between Moscow and Beijing . He says the Crimean crisis initially failed to dent business when it broke out in March . Since there were no travel warnings , few people canceled . "  Nevertheless , only a few new bookings came in after April for the rest of the season -- 2014 was n't the best year , but still , it was better than our forecasts for 2015 . " Willeke says his company still plans to run its full schedule of trans-Siberian trains , even though advance bookings are already down 30 % . American tour operators have experienced similar booking trends . Annie Lucas is the co-owner of MIR Corporation , a U.S.-based company with long roots in Russia . At this time last year , Lucas thought that 2014 was looking to be a strong year for tourism to Russia . While events in Crimea did n't lead to cancellations of trips already booked , there was a drop in future demand . She says those who pulled out did so because they "  were not thrilled with the notion of what was going on , and they made their decisions based on that rather than personal security issues . " Another barometer of falling demand is a cutback of 2015 tour departures by international operators . River cruise companies Viking Cruises and Uniworld are cutting capacity , while AmaWaterways has pulled out of Russia altogether . For AmaWaterways president Rudi Schreiner , it 's partly a matter of economics and partly a matter of emotion . "  I 'm the first to admit that this is both a personal and a business decision , " he says . "  One of my concerns is what the economic situation will be in the future . "  If there 's another conflict , or if trade sanctions are being imposed , we do n't want to provide support to the regime . " Economic factors are also at play , Schreiner adds . "  With the rapid decline of the ruble , it 's extremely costly to bring in goods to Russia , " he says . "  So , we can not guarantee that we can import the quality of goods and employ the right people to provide our passengers with the level of luxury they are used to . " Business travel has also been hit , although the news is n't all bad . Despite the recent downturn , Asia is emerging as a potential growth market for Russia in terms of both business and leisure travel . "  Asian countries tend to be less sensitive to the politics , " says Travel Russia 's Helen Isaeva . "  The same we hear from hoteliers : as the number of Europeans goes down , the number of Asians increases . As a result , our focus will move from the West to the East . " Outside of former Soviet states , China is Russia 's largest and fastest-growing international inbound market . According to TTIC 's Kennedy : "  Out of the top inbound countries , China was the only one to increase last year . As a result , Russia 's national tourist agency has been making a strategic switch from West to East in the last few months . " In part , it 's doing so by making visas easier to obtain , especially for Chinese groups heading to Crimea . Those groups are needed to fill the empty rooms left by the decline of Ukrainian vacationers , who previously made up 70 % of Crimea 's tourism market , according to Kennedy . Fueled by marketing efforts , easing of visa restrictions , and by the increased buying power of the yuan versus the ruble , business from China is expected to be up at least 10 % in 2015 . If Westerners do venture to Russia this year , they may discover that it 's actually a good time to go . Although Viking Cruises has dry docked a portion of its Russian fleet , Richard Marnell , senior vice president of marketing , points out that "  2015 may actually be the best time to visit Russia . It certainly wo n't be as crowded , and prices are down due to shrinking demand and favorable exchange rates against the ruble . " Lernidee 's Willeke agrees . "  What many do not see in this context is that there could n't be a better time to visit . People are friendlier than ever before , the cost for restaurants , theater visits , souvenirs , yes , even hotel overnights , are significantly lower , plus ... no queuing at the St. Petersburg Hermitage . " Laura Powell is a Washington , DC-based travel journalist . Twitter : @dailysuitcase . com | www.dailysuitcase.com	Forecasts indicate Russia 's tourism industry is on track for a tough year Tension in eastern Ukraine and annexation of Crimea have hit ruble , making it a cheaper time to visit China is now Russia 's largest and fastest-growing international inbound market
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- A second typhoon in a week pounded the Philippines over the weekend , weakening Sunday only after prompting evacuations , causing severe flooding and contributing to one death . Typhoon Nalgae , known locally as Quiel , had lost some strength by Sunday morning . But it still had maximum sustained winds of 130 kph  80 mph  , with gusts recorded 30 kph stronger , according to a 4 a.m. Sunday advisory from the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Administration . At that point , its center was 200 kilometers  124 miles  west of Baguio City . The storm follows Typhoon Nesat , which left at least 52 people dead and caused damage in 34 provinces since it hit Tuesday , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction Management Council . The two typhoons will or have already affected about 3 million Filipinos , the nonprofit World Vision group estimated in a news release Saturday . The second typhoon -- Nalgae -- made landfall in Dinapigue , in Isabela province , on Saturday morning , the disaster council said . It is expected to have moved past the east Asian island nation by Sunday , forecasters said , after having brought rain of 15-25 millimeters per hour  0.6-1 inch  in many locales . Over the course of the weekend , the storm had made several roads impassable in the cities of Calasiao and Dagupan on Luzon island , according to the state-run Philippines News Agency . Affected residents are being evacuated from those communities and others , including Santa Barbara . The disaster council , in a Sunday morning update , said that a 35-year-old man was killed and a 22-year-old woman injured in landslides triggered by the storm the previous day . At least 850 families , or roughly 3,500 people , in the provinces of La Union and Pangasinan have been directly affected by flooding , according to the council . Also Saturday , the San Roque Power Corporation opened two gates at one of its dams along the Agno River in north Luzon , due to high waters there related to the storm , the news agency said . Presidential spokesman Abigail Valte earlier Saturday urged residents of low-lying and mountainous areas that could be hit hard by the storm to evacuate , the state news agency said , citing an interview conducted on a government radio station . World Vision , the Christian humanitarian organization , said Saturday that it had to postpone some of its relief efforts due to Nalgae , with two of three emergency teams set to deploy once the storm passes . Another team is in Bulcan province , most of which is "  still submerged " because of Nesat . The group is focusing its post-Nesat efforts on two communities in Manila and three in the northern Isabela and Zambales provinces . Vouchers are being distributed so people can buy needed items , some emergency supplies are being given out directly to citizens and 3,000 Manila children will receive school supplies . Sherbien Dacalanio , a CNN iReporter in the Philippines , described one area of Manila as being devastated by Nesat . "  The damage is shocking . It 's like a damage brought by earthquake and tsunami , " Dacalanio said . CNN 's Ivan Cabrera and journalist Arlene Samson-Espiritu contributed to this report .	NEW : Typhoon Nalgae weakens , with sustained winds of 130 kph  80 mph NEW : 1 person dies in a landslide and flooding is reported after rains fall at 1 inch/hour NEW : Related flooding has affected at least 3,500 people , an agency reports At least 52 people were killed by Typhoon Nesat , which hit earlier this week
CNN  -- The pilots of a Southwest Airlines jet that landed at the wrong Missouri airport this week were not directed there by air traffic controllers , and should have known they were landing at the wrong location , U.S. Sen. Roy Blunt said on Thursday . "  The federal employees involved did what they were supposed to do . The airline employees involved did not , " the Missouri Republican said in a conference call with reporters . Related : How could this happen ? Blunt said he had talked with Federal Aviation Administration chief Michael Huerta about the incident . The FAA oversees air traffic control for commercial airline travel . Southwest Flight 4013 from Chicago 's Midway Airport with 124 passengers was scheduled to land at Branson Airport in southwest Missouri on Sunday night . Instead , the Boeing 737-700 touched down at Taney County airport - about seven miles away , and with a runway significantly shorter . The National Transportation Safety Board is looking into the incident as is the FAA . An industry official previously said the FAA had reviewed the matter initially and it appeared there had been no issue with controllers . The Taney County airport was not staffed by controllers , but they were in touch with air traffic centers along the way . The two pilots have been placed on paid leave .	Southwest Flight 4013 was headed to Branson , Missouri , airport , but landed at one nearby Investigators looking at a number of potential reasons for what happened The airport where the plane landed was not staffed by controllers
The most esteemed guardian of the English language has bestowed a prestigious honor upon debatably the most embarrassing phenomenon of the digital age : the selfie . So , grab a smartphone , put on your best duck face and celebrate . Oxford Dictionaries ' word for the year for 2013 is "  selfie . " And when you share that filtered photo on Facebook , Twitter or Instagram , you 'll join not just Anthony Weiner and Geraldo , but millions of others around the world perpetuating a tradition started over a decade ago , Oxford says . The word "  selfie " first popped up in an Australian chat room on September 13 , 2002 , to describe an undignified scene , the dictionaries ' publishers believe . Related : Young drivers snap selfies behind wheel This was the post : "  Um , drunk at a mates 21st , I tripped ofer and landed lip first  with front teeth coming a very close second  on a set of steps . I had a hole about 1cm long right through my bottom lip . And sorry about the focus , it was a selfie . " Yes , the first-ever known mention of the word "  selfie " stemmed from an inebriated mouth with teeth protruding through its bottom lip . Given those circumstances , Oxford may not much care how you spell it . You could go with "  ie " or "  y , " as in "  selfy . " Oxford says that does n't change the official definition : "  A photograph that one has taken of oneself , typically one taken with a smartphone or webcam and uploaded to a social media website . " Complete unknown For years after its birth , "  selfie " crept through the web largely unnoticed . But in 2012 , the word of the year began its ascent to digital fame , Oxford says . Suddenly , everybody around the world was using the word , as they self-snapped away . Related : ` Selfies at funerals ' must die By August this year , Oxford proclaimed it a real English-language word and gave it a place in the dictionary -- but that was merely a stepping stone to lingual infamy . "  Language research conducted by Oxford Dictionaries editors reveals that the frequency of the word selfie in the English language has increased by 17,000 % since this time last year , " Oxford wrote in justifying its choice . "  Selfie " beat out seven competitors , including "  twerk , " "  schmeat "  synthetically produced meat  and "  bitcoin " for the Word of the Year crown . "  Selfie " is not slouching on its thrown , Oxford says of its word of the year . It has spawned herds of images on social media . There are 57 million photos bearing its hashtag -- #selfie -- on Instagram alone . There is even a user account called "  selfie . " And , yes , it contains nothing but selfies . "  Selfie " has also been busy pumping out offspring in its namesake . It has given birth to "  helfie " -- a photo of one 's own hair ; "  belfie " -- a snapshot of one 's own backside ; and "  welfie " -- a selfie taken while working out , aka the most annoying kind . There 's also the "  drelfie " -- a photo of yourself when you 're drunk . Fitting , since a drelfie in Australia was the first "  selfie " that ever bore the name .	Oxford 's word of the year was "  selfie " due to the drastic climb in usage this year Oxford Dictionaries are renowned as the guardian of the English language "  Selfie " can be spelled with "  ie " or with a "  y " Usage has gone up 17,000 % since this time last year
CNN  -- Chile is unfortunately no stranger to earthquakes . A quake similar to Saturday 's struck almost exactly the same part of Chile on February 20 , 1835 -- almost exactly 175 years ago . On that occasion , the young English naturalist and geologist Charles Darwin was in Chile as part of his voyage on HMS Beagle . The 1835 earthquake has been estimated as magnitude 8.5 , whereas that of February 27 , 2010 , has been measured as 8.8 . The earthquake of 1835 occurred around 11 a.m. and lasted about two minutes . The main shock destroyed much of Concepcin in just six seconds . There were aftershocks for several weeks and three tsunamis , each one larger than the last , starting about half an hour after the earthquake and bringing further devastation . Darwin was on shore near Valdivia , 200 miles south of Concepcin , during the quake and recorded in his diary : "  I was on shore & lying down in the wood to rest myself . It came on suddenly & lasted two minutes  but appeared much longer  . The rocking was most sensible ; the undulation appeared both to me & my servant to travel from due East . There was no difficulty in standing upright ; but the motion made me giddy . I can compare it to skating on very thin ice or to the motion of a ship in a little cross ripple . ... An earthquake like this at once destroys the oldest associations ; the world , the very emblem of all that is solid , moves beneath our feet like a crust over a fluid ; one second of time conveys to the mind a strange idea of insecurity , which hours of reflection would never create . " The Beagle , with Darwin aboard , reached Concepcin on March 4 . The devastation there was appalling . Darwin called it "  the most awful yet interesting spectacle I ever beheld . " The entire city lay in ruins . The cathedral was shattered and wreckage and debris lined the coast . Darwin spent the next weeks investigating the effects of the earthquake . He found that rocks lined with recent marine shells were now elevated above the tide . The island of Santa Maria was raised an average of about 3 meters  9 feet  . Combining his own observations with those of many local people , Darwin attempted to reconstruct the event and to understand why it had occurred . He found that three volcanoes had erupted along the Chilean coast at about the same time as the earthquake . Not only did he collect widespread evidence of the uplift of the coast during the earthquake , but traveling inland and into the mountains , he discovered a series of remains of marine shells -- proof that the shifting that had recently uplifted the coast by a small amount had occurred over and over in the recent geological past . The experience convinced him that the great geologist Charles Lyell was right -- mountain chains were not created by sudden immense catastrophes , but grew almost imperceptibly , the product of thousands of successive uplifts over almost endless geological time . Even more ambitiously , Darwin later came to connect earthquakes , volcanoes and vertical movements of the Earth 's crust as the results of same great unknown subterranean phenomena . In an ambitious and important scientific paper published after the voyage , Darwin concluded that "  this large portion of the earth 's crust floats in a like manner on a sea of molten rock " and indeed that it was likely this was true of "  the entire globe . " This firsthand appreciation of an ever-changing surface of the Earth , over endless eons of time , was one of the major influences leading Darwin to ask how it was that living things changed in order to adapt to an ever-changing world . His answer was , of course , evolution , or that new species are the genealogical descendants of earlier ones , adapted according to natural selection to the environment and each other . The recent tragic earthquake in Chile demonstrates , as Darwin knew well , that our Earth is not static , it is still changing , still evolving . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John van Wyhe .	Saturday 's earthquake was similar to one that struck Chile when Darwin visited John van Wyhe says Darwin 's theories were shaped in part by the experience of the quake He says Darwin observed that the quake elevated the Chilean coastline It prompted him to ask how life changed to adapt to a changing world , van Wyhe says
Washington  CNN  -- The Afghanistan battle that resulted in a rare fatality for a classified Army unit pitted U.S. troops against waves of insurgents who attacked from bunkers and caves , a U.S. military official said Wednesday . American forces had to be reinforced several times during the two-day firefight in southeast Afghanistan 's Paktika province , said the official , who declined to be named because he was discussing the Army 's Special Operations Command . The sole U.S. fatality in the attack was Army Master Sgt. Benjamin A. Stevenson , a highly decorated member of one of the Army 's special mission units . The death in combat of a soldier from one of these highly trained units is rare , with the last occurring nearly a year ago , the official said . The classified units are sometimes publicly referred to as Delta Force , the Army equivalent of the Navy SEAL team that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in May . In the Paktika raid , U.S. and Afghan troops attacked an insurgent encampment under cover of darkness last week , killing nearly 80 foreign fighters -- mostly Arabs and Chechens brought into Afghanistan from Pakistan , the military official said . But as they searched the site in the daylight , they were attacked by two more waves of insurgents who came out from underground bunkers and caves . Additional U.S. forces were called in several times as reinforcements as the firefight stretched on . Get latest news at Afghanistan Crossroads blog Stevenson , 36 , from Canyon Lake , Texas , was on his 10th tour of duty in the war zones of Afghanistan and Iraq when he was killed Thursday . The military official said he died shortly after being evacuated from the battlefield , but the Pentagon has disclosed no other details . The story behind his death offered a rare glimpse into the work of U.S. special operations units . The target of last week 's raid was a camp full of fighters from the so-called Haqqani network , which is responsible for many recent attacks in Afghanistan and is closely tied to al Qaeda . The presence of so many foreign fighters among an insurgent group that typically relies on local Afghan and Pakistani populations for manpower is a worrisome trend , according to a second U.S. military official . "  This is how they are expanding their capabilities , " the official said .	Afghan insurgents struck from caves and bunkers in the 2-day battle The fight led to a rare combat death for a classified U.S. Army unit The U.S. military remains tight-lipped about special ops units
London  CNN  -- What do will.i.am and Iron Man have in common ? They 're both rather partial to bionic limbs . In his latest music video , "  Scream & Shout , " a human hand can be glimpsed clasping what appears to be a sophisticated robot hand stolen from the set of a high-budget sci-fi film . What many of the video 's 97 million  and counting  viewers may not realize , however , is that the appendage in question is a genuine prosthetic hand that , its makers claim , has taken us one step closer to truly simulating the real thing . Unlike conventional prosthetics , the i-limb Ultra boasts five individually-powered articulating digits , as well as a fully rotatable thumb and wrist , enabling the user to perform a variety of complex grips . "  The first generation  of prosthetics  had what I call a pincer grip -- the fingers are reflexed so they do not change shape and they move in one plane , " explains David Gow , the British inventor and engineer behind i-limb . "  Whereas what we produced is something that rotates at the knuckles . " The i-limb is the latest in "  myoelectric prosthesis " -- a process that uses electrical sensors to detect tiny muscular movements in the residual limb , which are then translated by an on-board computer into natural , intuitive movement of the mechanized hand . In practice , this requires the wearer to learn a language of muscle movements around the wrist , which correspond to a vast array of pre-programmed hand and finger motions . Although it requires a fair bit of concentration to begin with , Gow says that -- much like playing an instrument -- the mechanism is intuitive once muscle memory takes over . As well as the practical benefits afforded by the added range of grips , Gow believes the i-limb carries a significant psychological advantage because finger movements are what most people associate with the human hand . "  When you have only one shape for the hand and it is not a particularly everyday natural one , it looks strange , " he says . People who 've used the i-limb "  say they see the digit as what gives them the sense of having a hand back . " Donald McKillop lost his right arm in an accident at home 35 years ago . He was one of the first amputees to try an initial version of the i-limb back in 2007 . "  Every day I 'm finding new things with it -- it 's absolutely amazing ... It 's the hand I thought I 'd never have again , " he said . But of course , although it can rotate 360 degrees , the i-limb is still far from measuring up to the real thing . "  We ca n't approach the subtlety of skin , sensation of temperature , touching things yet , " admits Gow . "  But we 've broken through the barrier of making a hand that looks like a medical device . " As things stand , the i-limb is also prohibitively expensive . Including fitting and training , a hand costs in the region of $ 100,000 . Perhaps in part because of this , most of the 4,000 or so i-limb users in the world are war veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan . Gow notes , however , that the potential market is huge : there are presently an estimated two million upper limb amputees across the globe . Touch Bionics , the company that Gow founded to produce the i-limb , is looking to take its share . Gow , who left the company in 2009 , says sales are accelerating and 2012 saw turnover reach over $ 16 million . For the Scotland-based engineer , who abandoned his career in the defense industry to dedicate himself to the study of prosthetics , the i-limb is much more than a business . "  I have seen hundreds of people ... I have seen the father that says ` thank you ' on behalf of his son , " Gow says , wiping a tear from his eye . "  That means an awful lot because you do n't , as an engineer , get many moments where you articulate human emotions about these things . "	The i-Limb is the first prosthetic hand that has five individually-powered articulating digits Wearers control hand via an electrical sensor that detects muscle movements in residual limb Most of the 4,000 + i-Limbs in operation have been fitted to veterans from wars in Iraq and Afghanistan
The streets of Ashkelon were half empty when I arrived on a Monday afternoon . The latest war was under way , and Haaretz had just published a critical article I 'd written about Israel 's air force pilots and the grave consequences of their bombardment of Gaza . I came to this southern Israeli town , not far from Gaza , to chronicle the fear spreading throughout Israeli communities near the border . As a columnist for the country 's leading liberal newspaper , I am quite used to people being hostile towards my views , but this was something new . As I arrived in the town center for a live interview with Channel 2 , a crowd of people immediately swarmed around me , cursing me with an aggression that I 've never seen before . The bullies encircled me , jumping in front of the camera in an attempt to prevent the interview from going on . The show 's host cut the broadcast off . The mob hurled insults at me , calling me "  garbage " and a "  traitor " and accused me of claiming that Israeli pilots were murderers -- something I never said . As the crowd 's anger grew , I rushed to my car and drove out of the town center , the men 's screams trailing off as I steered my way out of Ashkelon . But it was n't just the street mobs . Leading figures in Israel have publically called me a traitor . Yariv Levin , a senior member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's party , called on TV for me to be charged with treason during war time . Haaretz has hired a bodyguard to ensure my safety , and my life has been turned upside down by the incident . They have n't succeeded in silencing me . I will continue to write about the brutality of this war , about the atrocities , the mass killing of civilians and the horrifying destruction in Gaza . But I am not the story . The real tale to be told is of the unprecedented cracks in Israeli democracy that have been revealed in just one month of conflict . Years of nationalistic incitement by the Israeli government , of expressions of racism , of anti-democratic legislation , of price-tag actions against Palestinians in the West Bank , without anyone being brought to justice -- all of that intolerance has suddenly exploded in our faces . Anti-war protesters have been assaulted in the streets by right-wing hooligans . People were reportedly fired from their jobs because of critical remarks they made on their private Facebook accounts . And social media was flooded with racist , nationalistic and exceptionally brutal and callous content , which was then spread to tens of thousands of Israelis . Several weeks ago a university professor in Ramat Gan emailed his students to say he hoped that their families , whoever they might be , would be safe during these dark times . This simple act of kindness was enough for the dean of the faculty to try to have the professor apologize to his students , some of whom claimed to have been offended by his words . Failing to make a distinction between the value of Israeli and Palestinian blood is apparently enough to contravene the values of Israeli academia and cause a public scandal in Israel in 2014 . B'Tselem , an Israeli human rights organization , was concerned that Israeli media never mentioned the names of the Palestinian victims of Israel 's offensive . So they produced a paid advertisement listing the names and ages of some of the children who had been killed in Gaza . But the Israeli broadcasting authority refused to air it , on the grounds that it was "  politically controversial " . The list of examples could go on and on . But the biggest problem is not the marginal extremist who cheers for the killing of Palestinian children in Gaza , or applauds every Israeli bomb that falls on a private residence . The biggest problem is the Israeli mainstream , which spoke with one voice during this war , and which had zero tolerance for any kind of dissent , or even the simplest human compassion with Palestinian sacrifice , suffering and bloodshed . It is all about dehumanization . As long as Israelis do n't perceive Palestinians as equal human beings , there will never be a real solution . Unfortunately , dehumanizing the Palestinians has become the best tool to strengthen the occupation , to ignore and deny its crimes and enable the Israelis to live in peace , without any moral dilemmas . If the Palestinians are not human beings , there is no question about human rights . This process climaxed in this war and this is the real basis for the moral blindness which has covered Israel . One of Israel 's greatest assets -- as well as the source of its greatest pride -- has been our liberal , democratic and free society . But what we 're doing to ourselves now is a greater threat to our existence than Hamas ' rockets could ever be . Israel likes to describe itself as "  the only democracy in the Middle East , " but it 's really only a democracy for its Jewish citizens who are quick to fall in line with the mainstream every time Israeli tanks roll across the border . It may not have always been this way , but I fear that this new phenomenon is here to stay . There is no one to stop it . The Israeli media , commercial and free , is collaborating with it ; the legal and legislative systems are stepping back , and so is the political system . We will carry the scars of this summer with us from now on . The people who were too afraid to speak out against Israeli aggression this time around wo n't be any more likely to stand up next time . Can you think of any worse news out of Israel ?	Levy : Unprecedented cracks in Israel 's democracy have been revealed after month of Gaza conflict Levy : Biggest problem is Israeli mainstream 's failure to tolerate dissenting voices Levy : Many Israelis no longer perceive Palestinians as equal human beings Levy : Dehumanization allows Israel to strengthen its occupation and deny Palestinians rights
There were three of them , one of them probably a child , and at least one met a gruesome end at the hands of a terrifying predator . About 67 million years later , a Wyoming rancher led scientists to their remains . Now experts are digging out one of the most complete skeletons yet of a Triceratops , the three-horned , plant-eating dinosaur that was one of the last of the giant reptiles . "  There 's only three other skeletons that will match the completeness of one of the specimens we 're excavating right now , " said paleontologist Peter Larson , president of the Black Hills Institute of Geological Research . Most of the remains found before now have included fewer than half of the prehistoric creatures ' bones , Larson said Monday . The most complete to date , now on display at the Houston Museum of Natural Science in Texas , has about 76 % of its skeleton . "  The largest , more mature individual appears to be the most complete , " Larson said . "  One is just a bit smaller , and there 's another one that by live weight is probably only half the size . " Will mammoths be brought back to life ? Liquid blood fuels cloning hopes The dig is going on near Newcastle , Wyoming , more than 200 miles north of Cheyenne . "  The fact that there are three of them together is really cool , " Larson said . The trio could be male and female and their young , or they could be two females looking after a juvenile dinosaur , he said . And before now , there was no indication that the Triceratops moved in groups . The Black Hills Institute is working with the Naturalis Biodiversity Center , from the Netherlands , on the dig . Larson called the discovery of a young Triceratops a "  very significant " find as well , since it will give scientists an insight into how the great lizards grew up . Newly discovered dinosaur fossil is a primitive bird Triceratops lived in the twilight of the Cretaceous Period , about a half a million years before the dinosaurs ' extinction . Much of what is now the Great Plains and southern Canada was once part of a vast inland sea , and the region is rich in fossils . "  Like most of the specimens that were found , it was brought to our attention by a rancher , " Larson said . The rancher sent photos to the Black Hills Institute , located in neighboring South Dakota , in late 2012 . Excavation began in May and is expected to take about a month . So far , the bones that have turned up point to a violent end , probably at the hands of the feared Tyrannosaurus rex . On the largest of the three specimens , at least two of the major limb bones were "  bitten through , " Larson said . "  If you can imagine , this is a bone that is nearly four feet long , " he said . But a T.rex "  would kind of chop the carcass up with their giant , shearing jaws , " ripping through flesh and bone alike . "  I think we also have a feeding site for Tyrannosaurus rex , which is very exciting , " he said . "  This is potentially a site where we can learn the behavior of two different species . " More science news on CNN 's Light Years blog	A rancher led scientists to the remains of three Triceratops One of the three may be the most complete skeleton yet found A young dinosaur is among the trio At least one may have been killed by a Tyrannosaurus rex
CNN  -- The head of an embattled Connecticut power company defended his utility 's response to a freak fall snowstorm that -- six days after it hit -- continues to leave hundreds of thousands without electricity . As of Friday night , about 283,000 households who get service through Connecticut Light and Power remained in the dark . The utility , which at one point had 831,000 such outages , has promised to return power to 99 % of its customers by Sunday night . "  I believe CL&P has done a very good job , " Jeffrey Butler , utility president and CEO , said Friday evening . "  This storm is of historic proportions ... Have you ever seen an event like this ? " Butler made his remarks a day after Connecticut 's attorney general called for regulators to investigate CL&P , the state 's main electric utility , over its handling of the storm . Attorney General George Jepsen filed the request with the state 's Public Utilities Regulatory Authority , which is already investigating CL&P over its response to power outages during Tropical Storm Irene in September . Eight people have died in Connecticut due to the storm , four of them from carbon monoxide poisoning , Gov. Dannel Malloy has said . He told reporters Friday that there have been a total of 322 carbon monoxide cases statewide . While saying he "  sure hopes " he can trust Connecticut Light and Power , Malloy acknowledged that there were definite problems that must be addressed before the winter storm season begins in earnest . To this end , the governor announced Friday that Witt Associates -- a consulting firm led by former FEMA Director James Lee Witt -- will "  do a review of Connecticut Light and Power and UI  the United Illuminating Company  in the wake of their performance . " The review will be done at no expense to the state and be completed by December 1 , before a different panel probing similar storm-related issues completes its own report . "  We are  bringing in outside expertise to take an immediate look , " Malloy said . "  I ca n't wait for the two-storm commission to make recommendations because we have winter staring us in the face . " The governor , specifically , said one area of focus will likely be the amount of tree branches that threaten power lines , adding that residents may have to sacrifice foliage for safety and energy security . "  What we have learned ... is that we are a vulnerable state to different types of weather conditions -- wind and snow are clearly two of those , " said Malloy . "  And I think we can do better , in the long run , to prepare ourselves . " Eighty shelters were open around Connecticut on Friday night , in addition to 109 warming centers . The governor said that food and water had been delivered to residents of 82 towns , with more goods set to be delivered upon request . Butler , the Connecticut utility chief , said that the effort to restore power is in full swing . While acknowledging there may be "  opportunities " for improvement , he blamed the weather conditions -- including as much as 20 inches of heavy wet snow in spots -- as the primary reason for the prolonged outages . "  Everyone I talked to , they 've never seen anything like this , " said Butler , who came to Connecticut after 27 years at Pacific Gas and Electric Company . "  The destruction of the trees was unbelievable . " He said that between 5,000 and 6,000 workers were on the job working to cut back trees and restore power , committed to the Sunday night goal . The late October storm killed at least 22 people around the eastern United States . That includes six deaths in Massachusetts , not including a seventh under investigation , said Peter William Judge , public information officer for the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency , on Thursday . In New Jersey , eight storm-related fatalities were tallied , including three people who burned to death in house fires , one person who died when a branch fell on him , another who died when a tree fell on him , and three people who died in motor vehicle accidents . A ninth death was under investigation . President Barack Obama has signed emergency declarations for New Hampshire and Connecticut , clearing the way for federal aid to supplement state and local response efforts .	The head of Connecticut Light and Power defends his utility 's handling of storm About 283,000 households remained without power Friday evening The storm led to at least 22 deaths in the eastern United States
CNN  -- Gary Kirsten has been named as the new coach of South Africa 's national cricket side following his successful three-year stint with India . The 43-year-old decided not to renew his contract with India after leading the sub-continent team to victory in the limited overs Cricket World Cup in April . Kirsten , a former opening batsman for South Africa , also transformed India into the world 's top-ranked team in the five-day Test format . "  I believe this is a natural progression as far as my coaching career is concerned . My coaching philosophy will not be any different than it was for the Indian team , " he told the Cricket South Africa website on Monday . "  I always endeavor to influence players in a positive way and give them options so that they can grow both as cricketers and as people . " CSA chief executive Gerald Majola said he was delighted to appoint a man who scored more than 7,000 runs in 101 Tests for his country , scoring 21 centuries . "  The selection of Gary has brought to an end a process that started several years ago when he first expressed interest in the position , " Majola said . "  Gary 's credentials and cricketing experiences speak for themselves and the Board of CSA is confident that he will lead the Proteas to new heights in all formats of the game . " Kirsten fills the gap left by caretaker coach Corrie Van Zyl , who took the Proteas to the quarterfinals of the World Cup after Mickey Arthur quit in January 2010 . He will be assisted by coach Russell Domingo , while former South Africa star Allan Donald will be the team 's bowling coach . Kirsten has appointed A.B. de Villiers as the Proteas ' new captain for limited overs matches , and the batsman will be Graeme Smith 's deputy for Test matches . Meanwhile , the rain-hit second Test between England and Sri Lanka at Lord 's appeared to be heading for a draw after the hosts built a 142-run lead going into the final day in London . Alastair Cook followed up his first-innings 96 with an unbeaten 61 as England reached 149-2 at stumps on Monday . The opener put on 117 for the second wicket with Jonathan Trott  58  after captain Andrew Strauss was dismissed for a second-ball duck by Chanaka Welegedara . Sri Lanka had earlier been dismissed for 479 , seven runs behind England , after resuming the fourth day on 372-3 . Steven Finn took 4-108 to become , at 22 , the youngest English bowler to reach 50 Test wickets . England will be hoping to set a target and see if they can repeat the final-day demolition of the Sri Lankan batsman that earned an innings victory in the opening match in Cardiff last week .	Cricket South Africa appoints Gary Kirsten to be new national coach The 43-year-old has just ended a three-year spell with World Cup winners India Kirsten will be assisted by his former international teammate Allan Donald Second Test between England and Sri Lanka at Lord 's is heading for a draw
CNN  -- Events continue to unfold at a rapid pace in Ferguson , Missouri . The city has been in turmoil since August 9 , when white city police officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown , an unarmed black teenager . Protesters and law enforcement officers have clashed in the streets for several nights . Here are the latest developments for Wednesday : Officer Wilson 's backers confronted Two supporters of Darren Wilson took to the streets of Ferguson on Wednesday evening , saying they wanted to express their views just like those calling for Wilson 's arrest . They quickly had company , as dozens of Brown family backers quickly converged on them -- some of them angrily confronting them . The commotion ended quickly , however , when police came and took the two Wilson backers away . Soon thereafter , strong thunderstorms rolled through the area and put a damper on the protests . Officer suspended after threatening protester A police officer was "  relieved of duty and suspended indefinitely " Wednesday after pointing a semi-automatic assault rifle at a "  peaceful " protester in Ferguson , St. Louis County police said . Video showed the officer using vulgarity to threaten a protester , as the pointed his rifle at the protester . The officer -- from nearby St. Ann , one of many communities who have contributed officers to the force charged with keeping the peace in Ferguson -- was soon thereafter led away by a St. Louis County police sergeant . Capt. Ron Johnson of the Missouri State Highway Patrol , who is heading security in Ferguson , said he was "  disturbed " by the video , adding that the officer 's actions "  disrespect " those officers who have shown restraint over the past two weeks . Attorney General Holder visits Ferguson The nation 's top federal law enforcement official , Eric Holder , paid a visit Wednesday to Ferguson -- talking with community leaders , students , and the parents of Michael Brown . The U.S. Justice Department , which Holder heads , is conducting a civil rights investigation into Brown 's shooting . Dozens of FBI agents have interviewed witnesses . Authorities would have to prove some element of "  racial hostility " to convict Wilson on a civil rights charge , CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin notes . Holder met with and complimented Johnson of the Missouri State Highway Patrol , and also addressed students at a local community college . Holder he talked about his own experiences as a black man dealing with racial profiling as he told those in the crowd , "  I understand that mistrust " of police . Prosecutor : Grand jury wo n't be done for months St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch told CNN affiliate KMOV that his office would begin presenting its case on this matter to a grand jury on Wednesday . But the end is still far off : McCulloch estimated his office wo n't be done presenting evidence until mid-October . Many Brown family supporters have asked that McCulloch be taken off the case , with St. Louis Alderman Antonio French saying that his "  relationship with the African-American community has not been good for a long time . " Yet McCulloch has shown no sign of leaving his post . Gov. Jay Nixon could decide to appoint a special prosecutor in his place , but he has n't given any indication he 'll do so . In fact , McCulloch went on the offensive after Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon tried to deflect calls for the prosecutor 's ouster by saying it was up to the prosecutor to recuse himself . PREVIOUS DEVELOPMENTS : Violence but no looting , no tear gas As midnight approached late Tuesday , it looked like protesters and police had managed to pull off a night of peace , but officers donned riot gear and formed a line in front of local businesses , commanding a crowd in a parking lot to clear out . A bottle flew at the officers , setting off a powder keg of tensions , with police sprinting after and arresting people and more bottles flying at them -- some plastic , some glass . Highway patrol Capt. Ron Johnson told journalists that "  criminals " had also thrown urine on police . Riot police presence ballooned , dogs and pepper spray came out briefly , and officers arrested 47 people . Two guns were confiscated from a car . But gone were the tear gas , rubber bullets , and Molotov cocktails that had marred protests overnight Monday . Michael Brown 's family : Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , told NBC 's "  Today " show that the only way to end the unrest is "  justice " -- which her family and their supporters have repeatedly tied to the arrest of the police officer who killed Brown . "  Justice will bring peace , I believe , " McSpadden said . The family 's attorney , Benjamin Crump , also announced that Brown 's funeral will be held Monday . The police officer : Darren Wilson , 28 , who has six years on the force with no disciplinary issues on his record , is on paid administrative leave . If he returns to duty , he would have to undergo two psychological evaluations , authorities said . Wilson has garnered more and more public support in recent days . That includes a rally held for him in St. Louis and a fundraising effort that had raised more than $ 36,000 from nearly 1,000 people as of Tuesday . School closures : The situation remains so unstable that the Ferguson-Florissant School District said it is canceling classes for the rest of the week . Two nearby districts -- Jennings and Riverview Gardens -- opted to remain closed again Tuesday as well , according to CNN affiliate KMOV . In light of the closure , the Ferguson-Florissant School District is offering food assistance -- in the form of sack lunches -- to children and teenagers at five elementary schools between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. on Wednesday , Thursday and Friday . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	NEW : A police officer is suspended for pointing an assault rifle at a protester NEW : Attorney General Holder meets with residents , Brown 's parents NEW : Prosecutor : Grand jury likely wo n't get entire case until October NEW : Backers of police officer who shot Michael Brown are confronted
CNN  -- The World Health Organization said Saturday it is investigating a possible outbreak of polio in Syria , where an ongoing civil war has decimated the public health infrastructure . The organization said it received reports Thursday of "  a cluster of acute flaccid paralysis  AFP  cases " in the country . The cluster was detected early in the month in the eastern province of Deir Ezzor , it said . "  Initial results from the national polio laboratory in Damascus indicate that two of the cases could be positive for polio -- final results are awaited from the regional reference laboratory of the Eastern Mediterranean Region of WHO , " it said . Wild poliovirus -- which is highly infectious -- was last reported in Syria in 1999 . Syria 's Ministry of Health "  confirms that it is treating this event as a cluster of ` hot ' AFP cases , pending final laboratory confirmation , " and is planning an urgent , nationwide response , it said . Neighboring countries were planning to increase their immunization activities , it added . A worldwide eradication effort has been credited with helping reduce the incidence of the disease , which primarily affects children younger than 5 , by more than 99 % in the past quarter century , from 350,000 cases in 1988 to 223 reported cases last year , according to the WHO . In 1988 , the disease was endemic in more than 125 countries ; this year , it is endemic in only three countries -- Afghanistan , Nigeria and Pakistan . One in 200 infections results in irreversible paralysis . Of those who become paralyzed , 5 % to 10 % die when their breathing muscles are affected . There is no cure for polio , but the vaccine -- given multiple times -- can protect for life . Despite its precarious public health infrastructure , India succeeded in stopping polio in 2011 .	The virus is highly infectious Wild poliovirus was last reported in Syria in 1999 Pending confirmation , Syria 's Ministry of Health is planning a nationwide response The cluster was detected early this month , WHO says
Add Nevada and Idaho to the rapidly growing list of states to have their same-sex marriage bans tossed out in definitive fashion . A ruling by a federal appeals court Tuesday adds further momentum -- and a degree of inevitably -- to the idea of a civil marriage for gays and lesbians becoming a reality in a majority of U.S. states . Three judges from the 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in California concluded the bans in the two Western states violated the equal protection rights of same-sex couples to legally marry . "  The lessons of our constitutional history are clear : inclusion strengthens , rather than weakens , our most important institutions , " said the judges . "  When same-sex couples are married , just as when opposite-sex couples are married , they serve as models of loving commitment to all . " The decision comes after the Supreme Court on Monday let stand rulings striking down bans in five states and affecting similar laws in six others . That means that in coming weeks , 32 states could allow same-sex marriage , an increase of 13 states since the beginning of the month . Colorado and Utah announced Tuesday they would order county clerks to begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . The decisions affecting Idaho and Nevada become the fourth such federal appeals court action to strike down voter-approved bans . State senator pops the question after Nevada 's gay marriage ban falls One of the original Idaho plaintiffs cheered the decision . "  It means so much for the courts to recognize our family and say that we must be treated equally , " said Lori Watsen , who wed Sharene Watsen in New York in 2011 . Their home state does not recognize their legal union . "  Our son will be able to grow up in a world where the state treats his family the same as other families . Today 's ruling means that we can finally have the same legal protections as other married couples and the security of knowing that our family is legally secure . " But advocates on both sides of the issue are waiting to see what a federal appeals court in Cincinnati will decide on bans in Kentucky , Michigan , Ohio and Tennessee . Oral arguments by a judicial panel in August by the 6th Circuit suggested those bans may be upheld , in contrast to a nationwide trend over the past 15 months . A ruling there is expected any day . A potential "  circuit split " may prove the impetus for the U.S. Supreme Court to ultimately decide whether same-sex couples nationwide have a constitutional right to tie the knot . By refusing to get involved now , the justices this week let stand appeals court rulings that immediately opened up the right to those in Indiana , Oklahoma , Utah , Virginia and Wisconsin . Because neighboring states are covered by the appeals court 's jurisdiction , same-sex marriage could be extended in coming weeks to Kansas , North Carolina , South Carolina , West Virginia and Wyoming . The high court 's deliberate move to stand off to the side may indicate its natural instincts to go slowly -- to allow hot-button issues like his one to develop on their own , without interference from nine unelected justices . But the individual members of the bench may have also done some internal head counting and concluded with a shaky 5-4 conservative-liberal divide -- and moderate-conservative Anthony Kennedy the potential swing vote -- the final outcome was too uncertain to put same-sex marriage on the docket now . The cases in the 9th Circuit Court 's decision are Sevcik v. Sandoval  12-17668  in Nevada and Latta v. Otter  14-35420  in Idaho .	Court says same-sex marriage bans violate equal protection rights Plaintiff says she feels like her family can feel "  legally secure " Decision is part of a trend overturning bans , but another circuit may soon uphold them If circuit courts issue different decisions , the Supreme Court may get back in the mix
CNN  -- A 3-year-old adopted boy -- whose death in West Texas has drawn stern criticism from Russia -- had more than 30 bruises , cuts and other marks on his body soon after he was pronounced dead , according to a report from a Texas medical examiner obtained by CNN . Along with his 2-year-old brother , Max Shatto arrived in the United States with his adoptive parents in November 2012 . Just more than two months later , his adoptive mother told authorities that she found him unresponsive in the family 's Gardendale , Texas , backyard . He was pronounced dead shortly after arriving at a nearby hospital . Soon after Max 's death on January 21 , Russia 's top child rights advocate tweeted that the boy had been "  killed " or "  murdered . " Children 's Rights Commissioner Pavel Astakhov later acknowledged he might have spoken too soon -- though he has remained highly critical of the U.S. handling of the case . Russia slams Texas prosecutors for not charging parents The documents were obtained Thursday from the medical examiner 's offices for Ector County and Tarrant County . They offered more details from the account by Laura and Alan Shatto about the boy 's time in America as well as the condition of his body at the time of his death . Russia 's consul general in Houston has received the report , said Yevgeniy Khorishko , a spokesman with Russia 's embassy in Washington . Russian officials will review the findings , but until then they have no comment . An investigator with the Ector County office who examined Max 's body externally soon after his death documented 31 bruises , abrasions , scratches and other issues from head-to-toe , according to the death investigative report . Both parents in the report claimed that the boy -- who they and a doctor said was born to an alcoholic mother -- would try to hurt himself in various ways . Russia concerned over adopted boy 's cause of death "  They stated that  Max  was displaying behaviors such as banging his head on the bathtub , throwing himself down , holding his breath and clawing himself , " wrote investigator Sondra Woolf . A Denton , Texas , doctor told authorities that after examining the child 's deteriorating condition during a second visit and listening to the parents ' accounts , he prescribed the boy Risperidone , an antipsychotic medication . The Shattoes said they first gave Max the drug on January 15 but stopped on January 18 , concerned it was affecting his ability to swallow , the report said . Laura Shatto told authorities that she last saw Max outside , believing he was about to go on a slide , just before she went inside to use the bathroom . She came out to find him prone on the ground , and she called his name and shook him vigorously before calling 911 . The documents also included a preliminary autopsy report conducted by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner 's Office , completed on January 23 . Medical Examiner Lloyd White wrote to his colleagues in Ector County , "  Based on the findings at this point , I suggest laceration of small bowel mesentry due to blunt trauma to  the  abdomen as the cause of death . I 'll leave the manner of death up to you pending investigation . "  On the whole , there appears to be a strong likelihood that this death was accidental , probably the consequence of a fall from playground equipment in his yard . " The Ector County medical examiner later concluded that Max Shatto 's death was accidental , finding that the bruises and other issues were consistent with a "  self-inflicted " injury , District Attorney Bobby Bland said March 1 . Astakhov had accused the adoptive mother of killing the boy and giving him "  psychotropic substances , " Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . But toxicology reports came back negative , and there were no substances found that could have contributed to the child 's death . Soon after the news came out that Max 's death had been deemed accidental , Russia 's Foreign Ministry expressed concerns and noted it did not receive the information from U.S. officials but rather from the media . It asked the United States to give Russian consular representatives the relevant forensic documents , including a death certificate . A few weeks later , Astakhov again slammed Texas authorities -- this time after they decided not to charge the adoptive parents . Bland announced March 18 that a grand jury had declined to indict Laura and Alan Shatto , adding that they 'd found no evidence to charge the people and stating the boy died of a "  tragic accident . " The Russian child rights advocate responded to that development with a tweet , reported by a RIA Novosti , claiming the district attorney had n't done enough to the investigate the death of the boy also known as Maxim Kuzmin . "  The Texas prosecutors ' position in the case of Maxim Kuzmin is upsetting because they refused to scrutinize the circumstances of his death , " Astakhov wrote . The boy 's death aggravated U.S. State Department efforts to push through more than 500 adoption cases in which American families have already begun the process to adopt a Russian child before Moscow in December passed a law banning adoptions of Russian children by Americans . That law bans adoptions by Americans ostensibly because of documented cases of abuse by adoptive parents . But others say the Russian move is in retaliation for a U.S. law that places restrictions on Russian human rights abusers . Americans adopted close to 1,000 Russian children last year , according to State Department figures . Though the number has dropped in recent years , Russia remains the third-most popular foreign country after China and Ethiopia for U.S. foreign adoptions .	A 3-year-old Russian boy adopted by a Texas couple died in January A Russian official has slammed U.S. authorities ' handling of the case A Texas investigator found more than 30 cuts , bruises , other marks on the dead boy The adoptive parents said the boy frequently hurt himself , a new document states
CNN  -- Surging rivers in the Czech Republic , Germany and Slovakia caused widespread flooding Wednesday in the region . Heavy rains had swelled the Elbe , Danube and Vltava rivers over the weekend , along with smaller rivers and tributaries . The flooding prompted the evacuation of about 25,000 people in Germany and about 20,000 in the Czech Republic , where about half of the country 's regions were under a state of emergency , officials said . Eight people have died as a result of the floods in the Czech Republic , fire service spokeswoman Nicole Zaoralova said . Read more : Floods bring misery to central Europe "  The situation is still critical in the city of Usti , " she said . "  We are expecting the situation on the River Labe  Elbe  in the northern Bohemia region of Ustecko to become worse during the day . The river has not peaked yet , and the levels are rising . " More heavy rain was predicted for the weekend . After it passes through Usti nad Labem , the Elbe crosses into the eastern German state of Saxony ; German cities downstream such as Dresden were expecting the surge to arrive within two days . The river was expected to crest Thursday or Friday near Dresden and Meissen at about 9 meters  30 feet  ; its average level is 2 meters , said CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . The crest will push northwest along the Elbe for the next several days but should peak below 2002 flood levels , he said . The floods are thought to be the worst since August 2002 , when swaths of Germany , the Czech Republic , Austria , Slovakia , Russia and Romania were submerged . Mud clearing A state of emergency has been declared in about half the regions of the Czech Republic , the European Emergency Response Center said . The Czech fire service was moving heavy equipment to regions at risk , Zaoralova said . In some areas of southern Bohemia , the focus was shifting to cleanup , with equipment deployed to clear mud . Nearly 23,000 firefighters , including volunteers , were deployed across the Czech Republic , she said . CNN iReport : Floods in Prague through a volunteer 's eyes The Vltava River had peaked in Prague , where waters were receding , but the fire service was monitoring the waters to clear any debris that could damage the capital 's historic landmarks . An excavator was moved onto the centuries-old Charles Bridge to protect it . Volunteer efforts Saxony appeared to be the most vulnerable area Wednesday , after river levels dropped slightly in much of Bavaria , to the south . Warnings were in place around the rivers Elbe , Lausitzer Neisse , Mulde , tributaries of the upper Elbe , Black Elster , Spree and White Elster , according to the German meteorological service . Danny Arguello , an international business student in Dresden , told CNN iReport that he was impressed by the outpouring of support as volunteers tried to protect the city . "  The participation around the whole town is just amazing , " he said . Volunteers were cooking food , moving sandbags and helping with other flood preparations , he said . Water remained high on the Danube between Regensburg and Passau , in southern Bavaria , the meteorological service said . In Passau , where the Danube is joined by two other rivers , levels broke a 500-year-old record Tuesday . During a visit to affected areas Tuesday , German Chancellor Angela Merkel promised to deliver 100 million euros  more than $ 130 million  in emergency aid . The German military has been aiding evacuation and flood defense efforts . A fireman and a laborer died Saturday in Germany 's southwestern state of Baden-Wuerttemberg , the state 's Interior Ministry said . A third man jumped into rushing flood waters in what the Interior Ministry said was an apparent suicide . Two men who were clearing storm debris died in Austria in separate incidents , Austrian Interior Ministry spokesman Karl-Heinz Grundbock said . Three other people were missing , two of them swept away by rivers . Floods and landslides prompted an emergency declaration in three Austrian regions , and a number of railways and roads remained blocked , the European Emergency Response Center said . However , with water levels receding , the situation was improving . Menace moves downstream The Danube was threatening Slovakia too . Waters had reached flood stage in the capital , Bratislava , and were expected to rise for the next day or two . "  We expect the situation in Slovakia to become critical on Thursday , when the Slovakian portion of the River Danube is expected to peak , " said Silvia Jancovicova , a spokeswoman for the Slovakian fire department . "  We are currently preparing anti-flood barriers , and planning for the possibility of evacuation of some areas in Bratislava . " No flood-related deaths had been reported there , she said . Also at risk was the southeastern Slovakian city of Kosice , where the mayor declared a flood emergency . The flooding follows rains in the region over the weekend that fell on ground already saturated by a wet spring . CNN 's Sarah Brown and Victoria Eastwood contributed to this report .	NEW : 13 people reported dead across the Czech Republic , Germany and Austria NEW : About 25,000 people displaced in Germany , 20,000 in Czech Republic , officials say The swollen Danube River threatens cities in Slovakia A cleanup operation has begun in southern Bohemia
EW.com  -- For the first time in nine years , NBC has outright won the first week of the broadcast season among adults 18-49 . CBS , for the fourth year in a row , was first among total viewers . Both networks are claiming victory , which is normal  though most in the industry believe the network that wins the adult demo has earned the greater glory since advertisers pay more to target younger adults  . No matter how you look at it , this is a good week for NBC . The network is up 12 percent from last fall , while others are down . As we pointed out a few weeks ago , NBC seemed like it might have a better story to tell this fall . So far it 's true , mainly due to the strength of adding "  The Voice " to its fall lineup , as well as the strong performance of new drama "  Revolution . " New comedies "  Go On " and "  New Normal " have been delivering survivable numbers so far , but "  Animal Practice " and "  Guys With Kids " are struggling  not the mention the network 's returning Thursday lineup  . NBC 's biggest show  $ " as rivals point out  $ " is not an entertainment program , but "  Sunday Night Football , " with last week 's game up 23 percent , so that does n't hurt either . This is the first week of the season . There 's 30-some more to go . And we all know Fox tends to come from behind and end up on top in the demo , with CBS leading in viewers . But here 's how the networks stacked up during premiere week  and for those who missed it , here 's the role DVR played  : Adults 18-49 NBC ... 2.9 ... +12 % Fox...2.6...-24 % CBS...2.4...-27 % ABC...2.2...-21 % Total Viewers CBS ... 10.7 million...-15 % ABC ... 8.3 million ... -16 % NBC ... 8.2 million ... +9 % Fox ... 6.9 million ... -18 % See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	NBC has outright won the first week of the broadcast season among adults 18-49 For the fourth year in a row , CBS was first among total viewers NBC is up 12 percent from last fall , while others are down
Washington  CNN  -- To Republicans , President Barack Obama is a gift that keeps on giving when it comes to campaign fodder to use against Democrats . A line from Obama 's economic speech on Thursday is giving Republicans more material to continue slamming their opponents as Obama surrogates . That tactic has been key to Republicans ' midterm strategy this cycle , at a time when a majority of Americans -- 52 % according to the latest CNN/ORC poll -- disapprove of the President 's job . "  I am not on the ballot this fall , " Obama said at Northwestern University on Thursday . "  But make no mistake : these policies are on the ballot . Every single one of them . " Rep. Cory Gardner , the Republican nominee for Senate in Colorado , already played up the line during an interview Friday . "  Well I think the President himself yesterday stated that his policies are going to be on the ballot , " he said . "  Those failed policies are what the people of Colorado are facing and voting on . " And Republicans in three key states for control of the Senate have already jumped on those words in videos that made it online less than 24 hours after Obama spoke . Kentucky When it comes to Democratic candidates setting up a sharp divide with Obama , Kentucky candidate Alison Lundergan Grimes has been one of the most visible , even pointing out in a recent ad , by saying "  I 'm not Barack Obama . " But Sen. Mitch McConnell 's ad released Friday looks to paint a different picture : "  Alison Grimes says this election is not about her support for Barack Obama and his failed policies , " the ad 's narrator says , before playing the clip of Grimes stating she 's not the President . "  But Obama himself says a vote for Alison is a vote for his policies . " Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts ' campaign also pounced on Obama 's comments -- even giving its take on the national backdrop to the president 's policies . "  Trillions in new debt . Obamacare . Nearly 10 million Americans unemployed , " the Roberts ' ad 's narrator says . The ad cuts to Obama 's quote from Thursday , and then ties him to independent candidate Greg Orman , painting him as a Democrat . "  A vote for Greg Orman is a vote for the Obama agenda , " flashes across the screen before the ad fades out . New Hampshire Republican Scott Brown 's campaign follows a similar formula in attacking Sen. Jeanne Shaheen . "  He 's not up for reelection , I know you 're shocked to hear that , " Brown quipped at a campaign event that opens his latest ad . "  But his number one foot soldier Senator Shaheen is . " The final words of the ad : "  Send a message to Obama . Vote no on Shaheen . "	In Kentucky , Kansas and New Hampshire , GOP Senate candidates are playing up the President 's quote . The quote comes from a speech Obama gave in Chicago on Thursday . Some Democrats in red states have tried to distance themselves from Obama .
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two blasts went off Wednesday as the governor of Helmand province was headed to Kandahar to take part in the funeral for President Hamid Karzai 's half-brother . The remotely-detonated mine explosions in Kandahar 's Maivand district wounded two soldiers but the Helmand governor , Mohammad Gulab Mangal , was unhurt , his office said . Ahmed Wali Karzai , the Kandahar provincial council chief , was killed Tuesday by a guard during a gathering at his house a day earlier . He was laid to rest Wednesday , with the president in attendance , said Hashim Watanwal , a Kandahar lawmaker . Saidkhan Khakrezwal , a member of the Kandahar provincial council , told CNN he and others were with Karzai when a guard named Sardar Mohammad came into the room and asked to talk to him . The guard then "  takes Wali to another room and shoots him with a pistol that he had in his hand , " Khakrezwal said . The shooter was shot dead by other guards . Sardar Mohammad was a trusted man who had worked as a guard for Karzai for eight years , Khakrezwal said . He was also a commander for a police post where there were about 30 policemen . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the shooting , saying that the guard accused of shooting him was working for them . Karzai suffered bullet wounds to his head and chest , said Mohammad Dawood Farhad , the head of Kandahar Hospital . "  My brother Ahmad Wali Karzai was killed today , " said the Afghan president in a previously scheduled news conference with visiting French President Nicolas Sarkozy . "  The Afghanistan people have suffered a lot . Every Afghan family has suffered . I hope one day these sufferings end . " Ahmed Wali Karzai , who has been dogged by drug dealing and corruption accusations , had been the subject of WikiLeaks cables leaked last year . Without being prompted , he discussed the accusations with a senior U.S. diplomat , according to one of the cables . He said that the claims are part of a campaign to discredit him and offered suggestions on how to stop drug dealing . "  He is willing to take a polygraph anytime , anywhere to prove his innocence , " the cable said . "  He suggested that the coalition pay mullahs to preach against heroin , which would reduce demand for poppy cultivation . " A U.S. official who authored another cable wrote that even though he must be engaged as head of Kandahar 's provincial council , "  he is widely understood to be corrupt and a narcotics trafficker . " He said Karzai 's "  reputation for shady dealings " should be considered when he recommends "  costly infrastructure projects . The official said dealing with people like Ahmed Wali Karzai represents a major challenge in Afghanistan : Fighting corruption and building support for government when government officials are corrupt themselves . Karzai "  appears not to understand the level of our knowledge of his activities , and that the coalition views many of his activities as malign , particularly relating to his influence over the police , " the author of the first cable said . Journalist Reshad Fazel contributed to this report .	NEW : The president is in attendance as his brother is laid to rest The Helmand governor is unhurt in the blast but 2 soldiers are hurt Provincial council member says shooter was a trusted guard for Ahmed Wali Karzai The Taliban claim responsibility , saying the guard was working for them
North Korea threatened Tuesday to nullify the armistice agreement that ended the Korean War in 1953 , citing U.S.-led international moves to impose new sanctions against it over its recent nuclear test , the North 's official news agency KCNA reported . Pyongyang 's military said it will also cut off direct phone links with South Korea at the inter-Korean border village of Panmunjom , KCNA added . Q&A : How worried should we be about North Korea 's nuclear test ? North and South Korea have technically been at war for decades . The 1950-53 civil war ended in a truce rather than a peace treaty . This is not the first time Pyongyang 's rhetoric has written off the armistice . In the aftermath of a previous nuclear test in 2009 , it said its military would no longer be bound by the agreement because South Korea was joining a U.S.-led anti-proliferation plan . The North 's latest threat comes amid new international efforts to clamp down on its weapons program . A draft U.S. resolution to authorize more sanctions against Pyongyang in response to its controversial nuclear test was formally introduced Tuesday at the U.N. Security Council by U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice . A senior Obama administration official earlier told CNN that the United States and China , a key North Korean ally , had reached a tentative deal on the wording of the proposed resolution . The two nations had been negotiating for weeks on the question . According to a Security Council diplomat familiar with the negotiations , the draft resolution contains sanctions targeting specific technology known to be used for uranium enrichment . These new sanctions go beyond those contained in existing resolutions . The draft sanctions resolution also includes restrictions on a list of luxury goods such as jewelry , yachts , luxury automobiles and racing cars , according to the diplomat . These are specifically singling out the interests of the regime 's ruling elite . Some luxury goods had already been banned by a Security Council resolution prompted by North Korea 's first nuclear test in 2006 . For the first time , the Security Council would be pressuring North Korean diplomatic personnel , calling for vigilance on diplomats engaged in illicit activities such as moving large amounts of cash across borders . The draft sanctions resolution would aim to stop North Korean officials using diplomatic pouches to bring money back to North Korea , according to the person familiar with the negotiations . A vote on the resolution is expected later this week . The diplomat said the United States and China are satisfied with the text and see it as balanced and appropriate . The members of the Security Council may make minor technical changes , but no major changes to the resolution are expected . ` Reckless moves ' There has been major concern in recent years among world powers about North Korea 's nuclear aspirations . Timeline : North Korea 's rocket-fueled obsession Pyongyang continues to make "  belligerent and reckless moves that threaten the region , their neighbors and now , directly , the United States of America , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a CNN interview Tuesday . "  It 's very easy for Kim Jong Un to prove his good intent here also . Just do n't fire the next missile . Do n't have the next test . Just say you 're ready to talk , " said Kerry , speaking on the last full day of his first international trip as the nation 's top diplomat . Kim is North Korea 's leader . Addressing reporters later in Qatar , Kerry again put the onus on Kim to act , saying , "  The American people and the world " would like to see him "  take responsible actions " for peace . "  Rather than threaten to abrogate and threaten to move in some new direction , the world would be better served " if Kim tried to engage in legitimate dialogue , Kerry said . "  Our preference is not to brandish threats to each other . It 's to get to the table " to negotiate , he said . As a permanent member of the Security Council with veto power , China can strongly influence the body 's decisions and has previously resisted strong sanctions on the Kim regime , which it props up economically . The two communist countries have been close allies since China supported the North with materiel and troops in the Korean War . The United States backed the South in the conflict , fighting side by side with its troops . In pictures : Rare glimpse inside North Korea Analysts say Beijing wants to maintain the North as a buffer between its border and South Korea , a U.S. ally . Beijing 's government on Tuesday said it strives for a "  nuclear free peninsula . " It repeated its support for the U.N. Security Council 's condemnation of North Korea 's nuclear tests but also called for a muted response to it . ` Paying the price ' Mark Fitzpatrick , director of the Non-Proliferation and Disarmament Programme at the UK-based International Institute for Strategic Studies , told CNN that while the resolution will probably not be too onerous , the fact that China went along with another U.N. sanctions measure against North Korea reflects the growing anger and disillusionment that Beijing feels toward its supposed ally . "  Kim Jong Un is now paying the price for going ahead with a nuclear test despite Chinese warnings not to create trouble during the political transition that has been under way in Beijing the past year , " Fitzpatrick said . "  The real question , though , is the degree to which China will be willing to implement the U.N. sanctions and to impose punishment of its own . "  A sharp drop in Chinese grain sales to North Korea in January may be a sign that China 's support for U.N. sanctions is more than just a symbolic punishment . " Fitzpatrick characterized North Korea 's reported threat to nullify the 1953 armistice as "  largely bluster , " pointing out that the country has "  broken the armistice many times , most recently in 2010 by sinking a South Korean corvette and shelling a South Korean-populated island . " But , he added , "  the threat does point to more trouble to come from the recalcitrant hermit kingdom . Things are going to get worse before they get better . " Military exercises Pyongyang said the underground nuclear blast it conducted on February 12 was more powerful than its two previous detonations and used a smaller , lighter device , suggesting advances in its weapons program . It was the first nuclear test the isolated state has carried out since its young leader inherited power in December 2011 after the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , who made building up North Korea 's military strength the focus of his 17-year rule . Like the regime 's previous tests in 2006 and 2009 , the move prompted widespread international condemnation , as well as a promise of tough action at the United Nations . A Cold War response to North Korea 's latest challenge North Korea 's government regularly rails against sanctions imposed on it . The staging this week of joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises , known as Foal Eagle , has added to the simmering tensions , KCNA reported Monday . It described the training exercises as "  an open declaration of a war " in the face of repeated warnings from the North that they should not be held . The exercises have "  touched off the pent-up resentment of the service personnel and people of  North Korea  and compelled them to harden their pledge to take thousand-fold retaliation against the enemies , " the news agency said . But the South Korean military warned Wednesday that it would respond strongly to any attack from its northern neighbor . "  If North Korea goes ahead with provocations and threatens the lives and safety of South Koreans , our military will strongly and sternly retaliate against the command and its supporting forces , " Maj. Gen. Kim Yong-hyun , a senior official at the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said at a news conference , according to the semiofficial news agency Yonhap . Kim said South Korea notified the North that the drills with the United States "  are defensive in nature . "	South Korea says it will respond strongly to any threats to its citizens ' safety Draft resolution targets the North 's nuclear technology and top officials , a diplomat says Analyst : North Korea 's threats are mostly bluster , but there is more trouble to come Pyongyang continues to make "  belligerent and reckless moves , " John Kerry says
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. official in charge of investigating fraud in Iraq said Monday he is carrying out a third audit to see if it might determine what happened to $ 6.7 billion in cash that was flown into Iraq eight years ago and is now missing . "  It has not been properly accounted for , " said Stuart Bowen , special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction . The money -- which belonged to Iraq -- was part of a sum of $ 20 billion that was shipped into war-torn Baghdad in bricks of hundred-dollar bills . They were shrink-wrapped and stored in the Central Bank of Iraq to pay for reconstruction . "  Our job as auditors is to find out how that was used , whether it was wasted or fraudulently misused , as we fulfill our mandate to get to a conclusory answer , " he said . Bowen blamed the system that existed then . "  The system was too loose and unregulated in 2003 and 2004 , " he said . "  Billions of dollars being flown into , effectively , a war zone ; an insurgency exploding into a civil war ; and fairly continuous turnover in government ministers and ministry personnel presented an atmosphere that some have described as Wild West-like and I think that 's a fair description . " Bowen said he did not want to speculate on who the potential criminals might be , then added , "  But this money was delivered to Iraqi control , and we have in the past had a number of cases reported to us about interim ministers who did steal . " During 2003 and 2004 , he said , the money was under the aegis of the Coalition Provisional Authority , the entity created by the United States to govern Iraq after the fall of the regime of Saddam Hussein . Afterward , Bowen said , the Pentagon and the fledgling Iraqi government shared responsibility for safeguarding some of the money ; it was the Pentagon that asked him to investigate the whereabouts of the cash . A Pentagon spokesman contacted by CNN said the investigation found that "  all of these funds remained under the control of the government of Iraq at all times . " The money came from the sale of Iraqi oil , and was diverted by international sanctions and stored at a Federal Reserve facility in the United States before being shipped to Iraq . Though it was never U.S. taxpayer money , Americans may still be on the hook for some of it . Iraqi officials have told Bowen they may sue to reclaim the lost money , and they may have a case , said Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , the former chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee . "  The truth of the matter is , the U.N. said to the United States , ` You are now entrusted with this money ; you have a fiduciary responsibility for the Iraqi people to use it for their benefit , ' " Waxman said . "  And now we ca n't account for $ 6.7 billion . " The Iraqi Embassy in Washington did not respond to suggestions that Iraqi officials may have stolen some of the money , but a high-ranking Iraqi official said the inspector general 's report has shown that "  the United States failed to put in place accountable and transparent financial controls to safeguard Iraqi funds . " Already , fraud and abuse have been uncovered and a number of convictions obtained , Bowen said . He predicted that , before the matter is closed , there will be more prosecutions .	Stuart Bowen 's job is to try to find out what happened to $ 6.7 billion in missing funds The money belonged to Iraq , but U.S. taxpayers might be on the hook "  The system was too loose and unregulated in 2003 and 2004 , " Bowen says
Bartow , Florida  CNN  -- After more than three decades in prison , a man in Florida was set free Thursday after a DNA test showed he did not kidnap and rape a 9-year-old boy in 1974 . James Bain , 54 , was 19 when he was convicted on charges of kidnapping , burglary and strong-arm rape . Now he will be allowed to go home for the first time in 35 years . "  Mr. Bain , you are a free man , " the judge said in a Bartow , Florida , courtroom . Bain was serving a life sentence . Bain 's mother , who has been in and out of hospitals in recent years , said that her son 's exoneration is "  hard to believe . " "  He was just a child when he went in there , " Sarah Reed told CNN . "  I 've been trying to hold on . I 've had things wrong with me , and I was afraid I would n't be here when he got out . " Of the 245 people in the United States who have been exonerated by DNA testing , none has spent more time behind bars than Bain , according to the Innocence Project , a national organization dedicated to exonerating wrongfully convicted people through DNA testing . "  I thanked the Lord . He must have did it for a reason , " Reed said . "  The Lord has a reason for putting him in here , and he has a reason for keeping me around for me to see this . " Melissa Montle , an attorney with the Innocence Project , called Bain last week at his prison in Okeechobee , Florida , to tell him the news . "  I told him and he got very quiet , " she told CNN . Then he said , "  I 'm really happy , " and began to choke up , she said . "  He 's been so worried about his mom . He wants to be home to take care of her , " Montle said . Bain was convicted in 1974 of taking a 9-year-old Lake Wales , Florida , boy from his bed and raping him . According to police records , the victim told police that he fell asleep with his brothers and sisters , but when he woke up a man was dragging him by a baseball field . The boy said he was forced to the ground and raped . The Lake Wales police report says that the boy told police that his attacker had bushy sideburns and a mustache . After being shown five photographs of potential suspects , the report says , the victim picked out the photo of Bain . That 9-year-old boy , now 44 , still lives in Florida and has been made aware of the situation , according to multiple sources . "  He is terrified for people to know who he is , " said one source familiar with the story . "  Somebody hurt him and scarred him badly , and the right person should be punished for that . " Florida in 2001 passed a statute allowing cases to be reopened for DNA testing . Four times Bain submitted handwritten motions seeking such testing , only to be denied . His fifth try was successful only after an appeals court ruled that he was entitled to a hearing . Bain 's family has stood by him all of these years . His twin sister , Jannie Jones , told police that James was home with her , watching a popular television medical drama called "  Medical Center " at the time of the attack . Another sister , Patsy Amos , said , "  I still do n't understand why this happened , but we never doubted him . We knew what type of child he was . " It was incredibly frustrating , she said . "  It 's just like a death , 'cause there was nothing we can do . He was a family member and we could n't bring him home . There was nothing we could do . It was like death . We had no control over it , " she told CNN . The prosecutor in the case , Edward Threadgill , is now retired after a career that culminated with a seat on the 2nd District Florida Appeals Court . He will be 78 this month . "  I do n't remember any of the details -LSB- of the case -RSB- , " he told CNN . "  I do n't remember the defendant . " But he added , "  It upsets me that an innocent man was in prison . It disturbs me greatly . ... I think we did the best with the technology we had . We did the best we could with what we had . " Bain 's mother said that while her son was in prison he "  turned away from God , because he thought God abandoned him . " But , she said , she stayed on him -- on the phone , and during twice-a-month visits -- and eventually , over the years , he came back around to find God again , in prison . Watch report on the DNA exoneration of an Arizona man convicted of rape and murder Now , she said , she is taking steps to ensure her son is taken care of in a world that has changed so much since he entered prison . She 's putting her house and her car , a 1992 Toyota Camry , in his name . "  I want him to have something by himself . He 's suffered enough . He will never worry about where to stay . No more suffering . He 'll be taken care of , if anything happened to me , " Sarah Reed said . "  He worries about me all the time . He thought he was doomed to stay there , and now he says , ` Do n't let go . I 'm coming home . ' "	NEW : James Bain released from prison after more than three decades behind bars Bain was convicted in 1974 of abducting and raping a 9-year-old Florida boy His case was reopened after his fifth request to use DNA evidence The victim , now 44 , said "  the right person should be punished " for the crime
CNN  -- A Philadelphia judge sentenced a faith healing couple to up to seven years in state prison Wednesday for failing to seek medical care for their 7-month-old son , who died last year . Catherine and Herbert Schaible turned to prayer rather than medicine to treat their son Brandon , who died in April from bacterial pneumonia , dehydration and strep , according to the district attorney 's office . The pneumonia and strep are treatable with antibiotics . The couple were sentenced to 3 1/2 to seven years at the Criminal Justice Center in Center City . The Schaibles are lifelong members of the First Century Gospel Church in Philadelphia , one of several religious groups in the U.S. that believes God alone heals the sick . "  Catherine is a completely devoted mother . While her way of caring for her children is clearly different than many , it does n't mean she cares for them any less , " Mythri Jayaraman , the Schaibles ' attorney , told CNN . This is the second of their children to die because of their beliefs . The Schaibles were already on probation for the 2009 death of another son , Kent , who also died from untreated bacterial pneumonia . A jury convicted the couple of involuntary manslaughter and sentenced them to 10 years probation . Six of the couple 's seven remaining children will be in foster care , according to Jayarman . CNN 's Sarah Hoye contributed to this report .	Catherine and Herbert Schaible turned to prayer rather than medicine to treat their son The 7-month-old died from untreated bacterial pneumonia last year Another son also died from untreated bacterial pneumonia in 2009
CNN  -- A jury Thursday acquitted a former Louisville , Kentucky , high school football coach of all charges connected to the heat-related death of a player last year . David Stinson leaves the courtroom Thursday after being found not guilty in the death of a high school player . The jury found former Pleasure Ridge Park football coach David Jason Stinson not guilty of reckless homicide and wanton endangerment in the death of 15-year-old Max Gilpin , who collapsed during a practice on August 20 , 2008 . The teenager died three days later . Gilpin 's body temperature reached 107 degrees , officials say . Stinson also was acquitted on a charge of wanton endangerment . Watch Stinson after his aquittal " Prosecutors said Stinson ran a tough practice on a hot day that made several of his players sick . "  The defendant said to his kids , ` We 're going to run until someone quits , ' " prosecutor Jon Heck alleged in his closing argument . "  A young man given that ultimatum , he ran until he collapsed . He turned white , his eyes rolled back . He could no longer support himself . ... He lost his consciousness , was ultimately taken to the hospital where his body temperature exceeded 107 degrees , " Heck said of Gilpin . The defense argued that nothing was wrong with the practice and that other factors may have contributed to Gilpin 's heat stroke . "  We 're the first place in this country to indict a coach for a homicide or a felony involving a practice that nobody says they would have stopped , " defense attorney Alex Dathorne said in his closing argument . "  There 's nothing wrong with the practice ; there 's nothing wrong with it . " The defense presented witnesses who said Gilpin had complained that he was n't feeling well the day he collapsed . Gilpin 's parents have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against six coaches at the school . The suit claims they were negligent in their actions and that more than 20 minutes passed between the time Gilpin collapsed and the time one of the coaches called paramedics , according to CNN affilliate WHAS . Stinson is the only person who has been charged with a crime . Days after he was charged , Stinson told supporters that his "  heart is broken . " "  Part of my life has been taken away , " he said , according to WHAS . "  I no longer teach , and I no longer coach at the school that I love . ... "  The one thing people keep forgetting in this is that I lost one of my boys that day , " he said . "  It was a boy that I loved and a boy that I cared for and a boy that meant the world to me . That 's the thing that people forget . And that 's a burden I will carry with me for the rest of my life . "	Jury found Jason Stinson not guilty of all charges in the death of Max Gilpin Stinson , ex-coach at Pleasure Ridge Park was charged with reckless homicide Gilpin , 15 , collapsed during practice in August 2008 and died several days later Gilpin 's death was determined to be related to heat exhaustion , authorities said
CNN  -- The U.S. Army said Monday it "  regrets " an incident in which a U.S. solider was shot after allegedly refusing to stop for South Korean police , leading to a car chase through Seoul late Saturday night . The 23-year-old private first class was shot in the shoulder after midnight on Saturday during the incident , according to Yonhap , a government-affiliated South Korean news agency . South Korean police claim the soldier tried to run over a police officer on a dead-end street , according to Yonhap . The officer fired a warning shot and three shots into the car , but the car sped away and was later found near the Yongsan Garrison , home of the 8th U.S. Army in South Korea , Yonhap said . The shooting victim -- whose name has not been released -- is in stable condition at the Brian Allgood Community Hospital in Seoul , according to the 8th U.S. Army Public Affairs office . U.S. forces received a subpoena Monday morning for the two other individuals involved in the incident , U.S. military officials told CNN . The pair met with South Korean police later in the day , officials said . The U.S. Criminal Investigation Command , who is responsible for investigating criminal incidents among U.S. forces anywhere in the world , are helping the Korean National Police with the investigation , the spokesperson said . The serviceman was tested but "  initial results do not indicate the presence of alcohol , " the army said . "  Although the details of this incident are unclear , we take all incidents involving U.S. service members in the local community very seriously and will work closely with the Korean National Police as they continue their investigation , " said Brig. Gen. Chris Gentry , Eighth Army deputy commanding general , in a news release . The incident began when police received calls American soldiers were threatening people with an air rifle near Itaewon subway station , local police told Yonhap . The soldier , a U.S. Army staff sergeant and his wife then fled in a vehicle , beginning a high-speed pursuit with local police . A police officer and two bystanders suffered minor injuries and four cars were damaged in the chase , Yonhap reported . "  Eighth Army 's relationship with the Korean community is very important and we regret this unfortunate incident , " the 8th U.S. Army Public Affairs office said in a news release . "  We are thankful for the continued support to our soldiers and families by our Korean hosts as we continue to enforce the highest standards of professionalism among our service members . " There are about 28,500 U.S. soldiers in South Korea , a military ally of Washington . U.S. troops have been in the region since the Korean War , in which an armistice was signed in 1953 but a peace treaty never ratified . Tensions still flare on the Korean peninsula , as seen by the recent North Korean rocket launch and underground nuclear testing .	The U.S. Army said Monday it "  regrets " an incident in which a U.S. solider was shot Yonhap : Soldier allegedly refused to stop for South Korean police and shot in shoulder The solider and two others were involved in a late Saturday car chase through the streets of Seoul
CNN  -- A Dubai-based perfume , cosmetics and jewelry chain is set to become one of the first international luxury retailers to open its doors in previously war-torn areas of Iraq . Paris Gallery , known across the Gulf for its opulent premises piled high with glass cabinets of designer watches , perfumes , and other mainly European luxury goods , has unveiled plans to open at least five stores across major cities in Iraq -- including Baghdad and Basra -- over the next three years . With the first shop due to begin trading in the first half of 2013 , Paris Gallery CEO Mohamed A. R. Al Fahim says that now is the time to invest in Iraq 's domestic market . "  We 've been waiting for years for the right conditions , " he said . "  We 've done extensive assessments and believe that now the country is really moving away from what it was to what it wants to be ... there is great potential . " The IMF estimates that between 2009 and 2012 , GDP per-capita based on current prices in Iraq more than doubled , and Paris Gallery is hedging its bets on the growth of a previously stagnant consumer culture and Iraqis with more disposable income . "  When companies like ours move into places like Iraq , it tells the people something which is : ` Look guys , you deserve it -- you deserve to feel better about yourself , you deserve to have some of the best products from around the world at your doorstep , ' " Fahim said . "  It 's a confidence boost for the people . " Sura Alrawi is an accountant earning $ 19,000 a year -- over four times the national average based on IMF figures . She has lived and worked in Baghdad her whole life and welcomes the prospect of being able to purchase branded cosmetics and perfumes locally . The price of bottle of perfume starts at $ 50 dollars and many cosmetics brands familiar in the West will be easily available for the first time . "  I 'm an Iraqi woman who can afford and wants to buy the kind of things that very few shops here sell , " she said . Now 23 , Alrawi was just a young girl before the 2003 U.S.-led war in Iraq that toppled Saddam Hussein , but she still recalls that the most basic international brands were then prohibitively difficult to buy . "  Our borders with Iran and Kuwait were blocked and there was an international economic blockade , so I remember it was very expensive to buy anything fancy , " she said . Even now , Alrawi -- who lives at home with her parents -- says that imports are inconvenient and import duties costly . As such , she and her friends are looking forward to the sheer convenience of stores like the Paris Gallery opening in their city . "  Yes there is still a lot of variation in incomes here , and of course I do n't believe that these kind of products will immediately be affordable to everyone . But after years of having so little , there is now definitely a feeling of great demand , " she said . Continued sectarian violence , like the car bombings that killed at least 13 people in northwestern Baghdad over the weekend , as well as stalling government infrastructure programs , mean that a flourishing mainstream consumer culture is still some way off , according to William Watts , director of operations at Dunia Frontier Consultants . "  Iraq is sitting on one of the world 's largest oil reserves , so there 's no question it has enormous economic potential , " Watts said . "  However , as things stand the infrastructure is not where it needs to be . " Iraq is still struggling just to transport oil from its vast oil fields to the shipping tankers that export it to the rest of world , according to Watts . "  It all comes back to oil ... Revenue from oil constitutes around 96 % of Iraq 's budget , so the more money they can make from that , the more they can then spend on building roads , reliable electricity supplies and security , " he said . "  These are the building blocks that make for a stable and attractive business environment . " Watts say that Iraq nonetheless has a historic reputation as a good place to do business , the culture of which still remains . "  Despite the last 35 years of instability , Iraqis retain their entrepreneurial instinct . They 're great at making deals , diversifying their interests , working hard and solving problems , " he said . On the other hand , Watts points out that the legacy of the Saddam era is a heaving , highly bureaucratic state , which makes conducting business slow and difficult . "  I 've heard of companies who have had equipment held up in customs for eight months , " he said . "  And getting routine work visas can be a nightmare . " Al Fahim , however , is undeterred . He explains that Paris Gallery has teamed up with the Al Handle Group , an Iraqi firm established in 1975 that he says understand the local business environment and will run the stores on a franchise basis . "  There are always problems setting up a businesses in a new country , no matter how developed it is . But there are no difficulties we can see that ca n't be solved , " said Al Fahim . "  Once we 've shown everyone that it can be done then I would love nothing more than to see other international firms who specialize in shopping and entertainment , moving in and helping make Iraq a happier place to live . "	Luxury jewelry , perfume and cosmetics chain store plans to open number of shops in Iraq The Dubai-based Paris Gallery says that the economic conditions are now right to invest Projected growth of middle class and current unmet demand for luxury brands account for decision , says CEO
Washington  CNN  -- What 's the most emotional and divisive issue in American politics ? Abortion , right ? Just this weekend , former Republican front-runner Rick Perry used the abortion issue to slam current Republican front-runner Herman Cain at the Iowa Faith and Freedom forum . Perry said : "  It is a liberal canard to say I am personally pro-life , but government should stay out of that decision . If that is your view , you are not pro-life , you are pro having-your-cake-and-eating-it-too . " Over the previous week , Herman Cain had alarmed anti-abortion voters with a series of verbal miscues , indicating both that abortion must be stopped but also that the decision should be left to the individual woman , with no role for government . At the Faith and Freedom forum , Cain over-corrected for his week of stumbles : "  No abortions . No exceptions . " That new position goes far beyond the usual pro-life policy , which allows exceptions for rape , child abuse , and to save the life of the mother . Pro-life activists must unhappily confront the probability that many of the leading candidates for the GOP nomination in 2012 - while all professedly pro-life - in reality neither care very much nor think very much about the abortion issue . But now look at the world from the politicians ' point of view . They must hold together a coalition that is sliced apart by the abortion issue . Pro-choice Republicans do not hold forums . But they exist , and they have power . With the result that while you ca n't get nominated for president by the GOP if you are pro-choice  see Giuliani , Rudy  , you also ca n't get nominated if you oppose abortion too much  see Huckabee , Mike  . For the politicians , it 's all baffling and vexing . And yet -- incredible as it sounds now -- there is reason to expect that the abortion issue may someday just vanish from national politics . After all , that 's what happened to the last great moral issue to rattle the American party system : alcohol prohibition . For 70 years from the end of the Civil War to the Great Depression , a human lifetime , the "  drys " and the "  wets " mustered all the passion , commitment , and moralism of the pro-life and pro-choice movements of our day . "  It is my opinion that the saloonkeeper is worse than a thief and a murderer . The ordinary thief steals only your money , but the saloonkeeper steals your honor and your character . The ordinary murderer takes your life , but the saloonkeeper murders your soul . " That 's from the famous "  booze sermon " of Billy Sunday , the great popular preacher of the 1910s and 1920s . Thousands of such passionate speeches -- millions more passionate words -- were uttered by names now brown with history : William Jennings Bryan , Carrie Nation , Elizabeth Cady Stanton . It was not all talk . Ferocious legislative battles were bought to prohibit alcohol at the county , state and then ultimately national level . The great scholar of American politics , Judith Shklar , estimated to her graduate students that through the long run of American history , more elections at more levels of government have turned on alcohol than any other issue , including slavery . Politicians hated the alcohol issue for the same reason they now dislike the abortion issue : It sliced apart the existing party structure . The Republicans could not win a national majority without the support of Protestant immigrants from Germany in cities like Milwaukee and St. Louis . The Democrats could not win without the enthusiastic support of Irish Catholics in New York and New England . City-dwelling Germans and Irish intensely resented attempts of their country-dwelling neighbors to regulate their behavior for them . "  If they do n't feel like takin ' a glass of beer on Sunday , we must abstain , " a contemporary Irish-American politician bitterly complained . "  If they have not got any amusements up in their backwoods , we must n't have none . " National politicians responded to Prohibition then in the same way they respond to abortion now : by looking for ways to avoid and de-escalate a destabilizing issue . "  Questions based upon temperance , religion , morality , in all their multiplied forms , ought not to be the basis of politics , " declared Senator John Sherman of Ohio in 1873 . "  We do n't want to alienate anybody ! " complained a Michigan Republican leader of the 1880s as quoted in a contemporary newspaper . As Richard Jensen observes in his classic history , "  The Winning of the Midwest " , "  Very few prominent Republican politicians were abstainers ... The politicians were not less likely to be churchgoers  many voters , after all , attended church  , but they had developed their own standards of personal morality . " Then as now ! And yet a century later ... the issue is dead . Vanished . Forgotten . What happened ? Three things . 1 . Alcohol prohibition did finally get a national trial , from 1919-1933 and was universally experienced even by former supporters as a disaster . 2 . The problem addressed by prohibition has dwindled away . While it 's difficult to know with any precision how much people drank in the years after the Civil War , it 's almost certain that 19th Century Americans drank much more than they do today .  For that matter , Americans today drink nearly 20 % less than they did as recently as 1980 . 3 . And maybe most important , drinking and non-drinking are no longer so intimately associated with other ethno-cultural divisions within American life . As alcohol ceased to be a cultural symbol , the appropriate regulation of alcohol ceased to be an ideological issue . When alcohol regulation flared up again in the 1980s , during the debate over stricter punishments for drunk driving , the debate never turned into a culture war because "  alcohol " was not code  as it had been a century before  for a dozen other identities and grievances . Can we imagine such a fate for the abortion issue ? Condition number one could well happen , and would be revolutionary . But even in its absence , condition number two is beginning to obtain in the United States . In the early 1980s , there were some 29 abortions per 1,000 women of child-bearing age . Today that rate has declined to about 19 abortions per 1,000 women . The rate will never reach zero , but we may expect that it will continue to decline as contraceptives improve and attitudes to out-of-wedlock birth become more accepting , and as younger generations increasingly reject abortion as an acceptable resolution of a pregnancy . What about condition three ? Alcohol became central to American politics at a time when Americans were arguing whether the country should be rural or urban , a farm economy or industrial , and whether Catholics could ever become good Americans . As those arguments lost their intensity , so did the alcohol issue . Abortion became central to modern politics at exactly the same time as Americans were arguing over sexuality generally , over the status of women and the rights of gays . I think it 's a good guess that if we come to a new consensus about the status of women -- absorbing and digesting the sexual revolution of the 1960s and the feminist revolution of the 1970s into a new dispensation more comfortable with both women 's equality to men and their differences from men -- disagreements over abortion will come to matter less . Such disagreements wo n't disappear , any more than we 've seen the end of debates about whether bars should open on Sundays . But the disagreements wo n't matter so furiously much as they now seem to do . Too bad for Herman Cain that day still seems at least a couple of decades remote . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Herman Cain 's comments on abortion brought him heavy criticism David Frum says abortion may be the hottest social issue , but it may not always be so He says American politics was riven by debate over alcohol for generations Changing social views and behavior may greatly lessen abortion issue , he says
The U.S. Coast Guard fired at an Iranian fishing dhow in the Persian Gulf after the Iranian boat pointed a machine gun at the American crew , the Navy said on Tuesday . The incident occurred earlier in the day when a team from the Coast Guard patrol vessel Monomoy was dispatched in a smaller boat "  to query the Iranian dhow " in international waters , the Navy said in a statement . "  The dhow 's crew trained and prepared to fire a .50 caliber machine gun on their small boat as it approached as part of a routine maritime security operation , " the Navy statement said . "  This action by the dhow 's crew demonstrated hostile intent , " prompting the Coast Guard crew to turn away and then fire one round "  in self defense , " the Navy said . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said there was no indication whether the dhow was struck . The Navy statement said the dhow crew did not respond when fired upon and left the scene without communicating with the Monomoy . Earlier , the Monomoy had established communication with the dhow and determined that it was an Iranian-flagged vessel , the Navy said , adding that it subsequently refused to communicate further . No U.S. personnel were harmed and the small boat 's crew returned safely to the Monomoy , the Navy statement said . The Coast Guard is in the gulf operating with the Navy 's Fifth Fleet . Marines test new beach assault vehicle ` Aggressive ' Chinese fighter jet flies dangerously close to U.S. Navy plane	A U.S. Coast Guard vessel was on a routine operation in the Persian Gulf The Pentagon said an Iranian fishing boat pointed a gun at a Coast Guard patrol The Coast Guard crew fired a single shot in response , ending the incident No one was hurt , according to the Pentagon and the Iranian boat left the area
CNN  -- Harry Devert left a job as a trader in finance to take a transcontinental motorcycle journey from the United States to Latin America . Six months ago , he vanished after sending his girlfriend in New York an ominous text message from a troubled region in Mexico , about being escorted from "  an area too dangerous for me to be . " Mexican authorities , acting on tips , on Thursday located his green Kawasaki motorcycle in a shallow grave in the state of Guerrero , along with the badly decomposed remains of a man in two plastic bags , said Darren Del Sardo , an attorney for Devert 's mother . The identity of the body has not been confirmed , said a statement from the Guerrero office of public safety . The discovery was made nearly 300 miles southwest of where Devert was last heard from in January . "  We do n't know whether it 's Harry or not , " Del Sardo said . On Saturday , Devert 's mother Ann was to fly to Mexico after identifying the VIN number on the motorcycle found in Mexico . A day earlier she provided a DNA sample to police in New York to match against the remains . "  She 's just remaining hopeful as any mother would , " Del Sardo said . "  One way or another , she 's hoping for either closure or hoping that she 's at least one step closer to finding him due to the fact the motorcycle was found . " Del Sardo said Ann Devert spent time in Mexico after her son 's disappearance , meeting local authorities and residents in the southwestern Mexican state of Michoacan in an attempt to find him . There was hope with unconfirmed tips that he was being held at a ranch . This week , she was notified of the remains and the bike in the shallow grave . Mexican authorities said the motorcycle was found along a road leading to La Majahua beach in Guerrero . The statement said "  10 packages of what appeared to be narcotics  marijuana and cocaine  " were found near the motorbike and body . Del Sardo said Ann Devert was told that the remains may have been moved to the shallow grave . Devert 's mother hopes to examine the remains for any signs that they are her son 's , Del Sardo said . "  She 's keeping her spirits up at this point and , most importantly , hoping that she gets confirmation one way or another as soon as possible , " he said . Devert , 32 , had not been in touch with his mother or girlfriend in New York since January 25 . That day he sent girlfriend Sarah Ashley Schiear an ominous text via the WhatsApp messenger app . "  Just got an hour and a half long escort out of some area it was too dangerous for me to be , " the message said . "  Stopping for lunch and ... voila Internet . ... Gon na get back on the road soon . Apparently there 's another military escort waiting for me in some other town ... I 'm running way late because of the crazy military stuff ... hopefully get a chance to talk to you tonight when I  hopefully  finally arrive . " He had checked out of a bed and breakfast in Michoacan and planned to travel to a beach in Zihuatanejo , on the Pacific Ocean , that was in the final scene of the film "  The Shawshank Redemption , " according to friends and family . Ann Devert last heard from her son January 23 . The phone connection was poor . He told her he 'd be out of cell phone and Internet range for a few days . She told CNN earlier this year that he would call every January 29 , his late father 's birthday , "  and when he did n't , I felt a misgiving but I thought maybe it would take a couple of days , " she said . "  He did n't call . " Then , Ann Devert heard from a friend who recently returned from Michoacan , where vigilante self-defense groups in numerous communities have engaged in deadly confrontations with the Knights Templar drug cartel . After vigilantes threatened to descend on a key cartel area last month , the Mexican government sent in thousands of troops and police to try to keep the peace . The government has even joined forces with the vigilantes as the Knights Templar become further entrenched in the agricultural state . Ann Devert had been in touch with both the American and French embassies in Mexico . Her son , born in France , has dual citizenship . Devert 's friends and family were hopeful that his disappearance was only temporary , another story to recount from his wild travels around the world -- from Pamplona , Spain , to Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , and beyond . "  I 've been chased with a gun in Colombia , chipped my tooth on a gun that was shoved in my mouth in Venezuela and shot everything from a bazooka to a machine gun , an M16 to a Colt .45 , " Devert wrote in his travel blog , A New Yorker Travels . "  I 've been in some of the poorest and some of the most dangerous parts of the world and to many of the finest , and I still ca n't tell which I liked more . I think that life is a pilgrimage . " In an October 19 post , Devert described his latest journey on a type of vehicle he had no experience using . "  I 've never ridden a motorcycle , " he wrote . "  Mostly , naturally , because I do n't know how . So tomorrow I 'm going to go to the DMV , get my motorcycle permit , buy a bike and hopefully figure out how to ride it home without crashing . Which I 'm sure will be an adventure in itself . " He added , "  Then in the next 2 or 3 weeks I 'm going to drive it across America , through Central America , down to Brazil for the World Cup , and eventually south to Ushuaia , which as far as I can tell from a map is about as far south as one can get on the continent . " He purchased a green 2002 Kawasaki . Ann Devert said her son took a safety course and spent hours studying YouTube videos on how to survive falls from bikes . But the fact that he had never driven a motorcycle concerned her , she said . He promised not to travel faster than 55 mph , yet he took a nasty spill while speeding in Florida , Ann Devert said . He emerged unscathed . Friends and family created the Help Find Harry page in Facebook , with more than 25,000 likes . Remains found in desert are California couple missing since 2010 Couple lost on snow-covered road writes goodbye letters Trapped and dying in the desert , man leaves behind love notes	Authorities try to determine whether body found in Mexico is that of missing American Harry Devert was on a motorcycle ride through Mexico Family and friends in New York have not heard from him in months His last message mentions getting an "  escort out of some area "
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 63 people were killed and 285 others were wounded in a series of explosions across the capital Tuesday , police said . The blasts included 14 car bombs , two roadside bombs and mortar attacks in at least 17 neighborhoods of the capital , most of them in Shiite neighborhoods , police said . In an earlier report , police said there had been three roadside bombs and a sticky bomb : a device typically placed on a vehicle . Explosions struck the Shiite neighborhoods of Kadhimiya in the northwest ; Amil , Bayaa and Shulaa in the southwest ; Ur and Zuhour in the northeast ; Sadr City , Kamaliya and Amin in the east ; and Abu Dhsir in the southern part of the city . Other blasts struck mixed Sunni-Shiite neighborhoods , including Waziriya , Yarmouk , Jihad and Eghraiat . "  We are aware of multiple explosions in the Baghdad area with resultant casualties , " the U.S. military said in response to a query from CNN . "  At this time , no request for -LSB- U.S. Forces - Iraq -RSB- support has been made but we are providing intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance coverage over some of the explosion sites . " A U.S. military spokesman , Lt. Col. Eric Bloom , said the strikes are typical of al Qaeda in Iraq attacks . During the height of the Iraq war , sectarian violence tore through Baghdad on a daily basis in Sunni and Shiite neighborhoods . Also Tuesday , the Committee to Protect Journalists protested Iraq 's move -- carried out Monday -- to close Al-Baghdadiya TV 's offices in Baghdad and Basra . The decision came after the Cairo , Egypt-based satellite channel broadcast demands of gunmen who attacked a church in Baghdad on Sunday . The hours-long standoff ended after Iraqi security forces stormed the Sayidat al-Nejat church . In all , 58 people died , and 75 others were wounded ; most of the casualties were women and children , the officials added . The Al-Baghdadiya bureau chief in Cairo , Abdelhamid al-Saih , told the journalists group that the shutdown was illegal since there was no judicial order and that he believed authorities were using the broadcast as a pretext to close the offices because the channel had previously given Iraqis the opportunity to criticize the government . "  We are concerned by the closure of Al-Baghdadiya TV and demand that -LSB- the government 's Communications and Media Commission -RSB- explain under what authority it has stormed the station 's offices and censored it , " said Mohamed Abdel Dayem , Middle East and North Africa program coordinator for the Committee to Protect Journalists . "  We call on the authorities to allow the station to resume its operations immediately . " According to the committee , the government commission said in a statement that the attackers had "  contacted the station and selected it to be the exclusive platform for their inhumane practices with the purpose of disrupting Iraq 's national unity and to inflame religious discord . " It said , "  the station 's broadcast of demands ` amounts to incitement to violence ' and that Al-Baghdadia 's coverage was not objective , creating a threat to the military operation by providing attackers with information about ongoing operations to rescue the hostages . " CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : Journalists group criticizes closure of TV offices Shiite neighborhoods are hit in a wave of explosions The explosions struck areas across the city U.S. has received no requests for support , military says
CNN  -- South Africa fought back after Sachin Tendulkar 's 99th international century to claim an unlikely three-wicket win over World Cup co-hosts India Saturday . India looked set to run up a massive score in Nagpur but after Tendulkar went for 111 they lost their last nine wickets for just 29 to be bowled out for 296 . Paceman Dale Steyn did the damage with a brilliant five-wicket burst but it was still a tough total to chase on a slow pitch . Jacques Kallis , Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers all scored half centuries to keep them in the hunt before Faf du Plessis and JP Duminy plundered late runs . But 13 were still needed off the final over by seamer Ashish Nehra with Robin Peterson on strike and du Plessis at the other end . Only four balls were needed as Peterson hit a four , a massive six and then two runs to pull the scores level . A boundary through the covers clinched victory and left the Indians , who still top Group B , crestfallen . Earlier , Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag put on 142 in just 17.4 overs in an explosive opening stand . Gautam Gambhir  69  joined Tendulkar in another century partnership and a score well in excess of 300 looked on the cards . But Steyn , who was named man-of-the-match for his inspired spell , turned the game his side 's way after their disappointing defeat to England in their previous match . Tendulkar has scored 48 one-day international tons to add to his record 51 Test match centuries . Meanwhile , England off-spinner Graeme Swann has been fined 10 per cent of his match fee for his conduct in his side 's shock World Cup defeat to Bangladesh Friday . Swann was openly furious that the night-time dew at the Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury stadium made it difficult for him to grip the ball .	South Africa beat co-hosts India in World Cup cricket match in Nagpur Robin Peterson strikes winning runs in three-wicket victory Sachin Tendulkar scores 48th one-day international ton for India Five wickets for Dale Steyn cause late Indian batting collapse
CNN  -- It 's Election Day in America . Across the country , mayors , governors and other officials will be elected . The results will be dissected for meaning . Mandates will be claimed and trends extrapolated . And we 'll all pretend not to notice that somewhere between 60 % and 80 % of eligible voters did n't bother to cast a ballot . It 's an off-year election , yes , with no compelling national contests . But even in years that we think of as high-water marks of civic participation , such as 2008 , four out of 10 eligible voters stay home . In the world 's self-proclaimed greatest democracy , a norm is now setting in that says , quite simply , voting is for suckers . That certainly was the message of a recent interview and essay by the comedian Russell Brand . Both went viral , especially among young people , and it 's easy to see why . He 's an irreverent , facile commentator . And his message , meant for a British audience but applicable here too , is that politics is now fundamentally rigged , making voting a folly and revolution a necessity . But what Brand really ends up proving , in entertaining fashion , is that being half-right can be a very dangerous thing . It 's hard to dispute that politics in America has become a rigged game . Why else is Congress is in a mad rush to cut food stamps while shielding corporate subsidies ? How else would more than half the $ 400 billion in annual federal tax breaks flow to the richest 5 % of Americans ? We live in an age when advantage and disadvantage are increasingly undeserved , when economic inequality and unequal political voice reinforce each other in a vicious cycle . This is what the scholars Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson described in their book "  Winner-Take-All Politics " -- a methodical , bipartisan array of national policies to disinvest in the middle class and the poor and to reward the privileged for already being privileged . And this is what gave us both the tea party and Occupy Wall Street , movements united by little except their deep-seated anti-elite anger . It 's understandable , then , why millions of younger , poorer , darker-skinned Americans -- for that 's who disproportionately fills the ranks of the non-voters -- would check out of politics and voting altogether . But the stark contrast between what the tea party and Occupy each did after their first bursts of anger underscores precisely why checking out makes a bad situation worse . The tea party organized at the precinct level , fielded candidates , won elections and became if not a majority then a king-making  or at least government-shutting  minority in legislatures across the land , including the U.S. House of Representatives . The Occupy movement did n't . That helps explain why American politics still tilts more rightward on economic issues than its people do , and why a president re-elected by a wide margin a year ago is still playing defense . Critics such as Brand may be astute in their diagnosis , but they 're deluded in their prescription . There is no such thing as not voting . In a democracy , not voting is voting -- for all that you detest and oppose . While abstaining from the ballot can be dressed up as an act of passive resistance , it is in fact an active delivery of power and voice to those who 'd like to take advantage of you . Far from weakening an unjust system , not voting only amplifies the system 's pain-inflicting power . So perhaps the most compelling appeal to today 's nonvoters is n't that "  it 's our patriotic duty "  though it is  or that "  others gave their lives for this right "  though they did  . It 's this : not voting is for suckers . Some frustrated nonvoters claim there 's no meaningful choice anyway between the two parties . This is colossally naive . Imagine for a moment where the country would be today if all the people who formed the tea party had decided that politics was just too sordid or that their individual votes could n't possibly make a difference . Politics may indeed be sordid , but it changes only to the extent we aggregate votes . To be sure , today 's political debate is too narrow , disallowing ideas such as a guaranteed minimum income or single-payer health care . But it also , at least for now , disallows a dismantling of Social Security or repeal of civil rights laws . The question is this : Which set of disallowed ideas would you hate to see become law ? And what 's more likely to usher in what you fear -- voting or not voting ? Brand and his fans speak vaguely of the need for a "  revolution " to upend everyday democracy . It turns out everyday democracy already provides for revolution . In the 2012 election , youth voters , low-income voters , Latino voters and Asian voters all turned out at less than 50 % . Mobilize 100 % of them and our nation 's political priorities become completely different and our government radically more responsive to all the people . You say you want a revolution ? Vote for one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Liu .	Eric Liu : Between 60 % and 80 % of eligible voters wo n't vote in Tuesday 's elections Liu : Russell Brand says it 's a folly to vote , politics are rigged ; we need a revolution Liu says in a democracy , not voting amounts to voting for all you detest and oppose Liu : If all young , poor , black , Latino , Asian voters cast ballots , that would cause a revolution
Washington  CNN  -- Miriam Regalado sued her employer for alleged gender discrimination . Three weeks later , the company fired her fianc , citing "  performance issues . " The couple then sued , claiming job retaliation for the original complaint aimed specifically at the man . On Monday , the U.S. Supreme Court handed down a unanimous ruling favoring the couple and concluding that federal protections can include third-party victims of retaliation . In an 8-0 ruling , the high court said Eric Thompson had "  standing " to file his own lawsuit to address the injuries he said he suffered as a result of the retaliation . "  Accepting the facts as alleged , Thompson is not an accidental victim of the retaliation -- collateral damage , so to speak of the employer 's unlawful act , " Justice Antonin Scalia said . "  To the contrary , injuring him was the employer 's intended means of harming Regalado . " The decision allows Thompson to continue his lawsuit against Kentucky-based North American Stainless . The case began when Regalado , one of just a few female engineers at the plant , filed a gender discrimination claim in February 2003 . She alleged that male supervisors treated her unfairly . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act prohibits companies from retaliating against workers who report discrimination based on sex , race or religion . Three weeks after the complaint was filed with the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , Thompson was dismissed from his job as a metallurgical engineer . He then filed his own separate retaliation claim . Lower federal courts were divided over whether he could pursue such a lawsuit . A federal appeals court in Cincinnati , Ohio , ultimately dismissed the case , concluding that Thompson did not himself engage in any "  statutorily protected activity , " such as protesting his fiance 's treatment or assisting in her complaint . Thompson and Regalado are now married . There was no immediate comment from them or the company to the ruling . The Obama administration had supported Thompson , and then-Solicitor General Elena Kagan had filed supporting legal briefs in the appeal last year . She has since been named the Supreme Court and recused herself from the case to avoid an appearance of conflict . At oral arguments last month , both the company and the couple agreed that Regalado had the right to file her lawsuit alleging that Thompson 's firing was retaliation . The company denied the specific claims and said Thompson himself could not bring the separate lawsuit . Scalia , in an eight-page opinion , concluded that the case for Thomspon was clear-cut . The anti-retaliation provision in Title VII is "  worded broadly , " he said . "  We think it obvious that a reasonable worker might be dissuaded from engaging in protected activity if she knew that her fianc would be fired . " In a concurring opinion , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg added a "  fortifying observation " : that Equal Employment Opportunity Commission rules clearly give Thompson -- even though he was not married to Regalado -- the right to press his allegations in court . Ginsburg has long been a champion of gender equality on the job . She issued a famous dissent in 2007 after the high court dismissed a workplace discrimination lawsuit by tire manager Lily Ledbetter . She alleged being paid less than her male counterparts for equal work over about two decades but did not find out about the discrimination until she was about to retire . President Obama , in the first bill he signed when taking office in 2009 , signed the Lily Ledbetter Act into law . It nullified the high court decision and said every new paycheck received over the years based on a discriminatory act -- regardless of when the first discrimination occurred -- would extend the statute of limitations 180 days . The current case is Thompson v. North American Stainless , LP  09-291  .	Eric Thompson was fired after his fiance alleged sex discrimination Plaintiff was clearly "  collateral damage " of employer 's act , Scalia writes Court ruled 8-0 that Thompson has standing to sue for retaliation Employment rules clearly favor Thompson , Ginsburg writes
CNN  The bureau chief for Reuters in Afghanistan and Pakistan , Maria Golovnina , died Monday after falling unconscious , her employer said . Golovnina , 34 , passed out at her office in the Pakistani capital , according to a statement from Reuters . Medical responders were unable to save her . The cause of death is being investigated , police official Mohammad Yaqoob said . "  Maria was a superb journalist with a long and varied career at Reuters , " the news agency said . She joined the company in 2001 as a foreign correspondent in a number of places , including London , Singapore , Moscow , Afghanistan and Iraq . She had been bureau chief for Afghanistan and Pakistan since 2013 . CNN 's Sophia Saifi in Islamabad , Pakistan , and Chieu Luu in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Maria Golovnina died Monday after falling unconscious , Reuters says Medical teams were unable to save the bureau chief
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy is once again top of golf 's world rankings and , on the evidence of his current form , the Northern Irishman is set for a long stay at the summit . Two weeks after winning the British Open , McIlroy overhauled Spain 's Sergio Garcia to triumph at the WGC Bridgestone Invitational in Akron , Ohio on Sunday . The 25-year-old posted a four-under-par final round of 66 to finish 15 under for the tournament , two strokes clear of Garcia -- who tied for second behind McIlroy at Hoylake last month . McIlroy is now red-hot favorite to seal his fourth major crown at the U.S. PGA Championship , which begins Thursday at the Valhalla Golf Club in Kentucky . "  It 's the most comfortable I 've ever felt trying to close out a golf tournament out there today , " he told the PGA Tour 's official website after eating up Garcia 's three-shot overnight lead in the final round at Firestone , during which Tiger Woods withdrew with a recurrence of his back injury . "  I felt normal , " McIlroy added . "  I felt like it was the first round or the second round . It did n't feel like a fourth round . " His fortunes are in stark contrast to this time last year . A switch of equipment supplier coincided with a slump in performance which culminated with McIlroy enduring a torrid time at the 2013 British Open , where he failed to make the cut . Fast forward 12 months and McIlroy has the Claret Jug sat on his mantelpiece after successfully mastering his Nike clubs -- in particular his driver . He hit the ball further than any of his competitors over the four days of play at the World Golf Championships event , leading the field in driving distance with an average of 317 yards . "  The big thing for me is if you let it affect you mentally , it makes it more difficult , " said McIlroy , reflecting on his difficult spell last year . "  If you can stay strong mentally when you 're going through the struggles you always seem to come out the other side OK . "  It 's when it affects you mentally you can start to lose confidence , then you 're losing confidence in your swing . It can spiral out of control , kind of like I did last summer . " McIlroy will be aiming to win the season 's final major for the second time in his career when the action tees off later this week . Blog : McIlroy fulfills golfing destiny	Rory McIlroy is back on top of golf 's world rankings The Northern Irishman won the World Golf Championships event in Akron , Ohio It was the first tournament McIlroy had played since winning the British Open McIlroy is favorite to win this week 's U.S. PGA Championship
CNN  -- An A380 superjumbo bound for Sydney came loose from a tow truck and partially rolled onto grass at Singapore airport . Singapore Airlines was the first carrier in the world to operate the double-decker aircraft . No-one was injured in the incident involving the world 's biggest airliner , a Singapore Airlines spokesman said , but passengers were taken off so the plane could be repositioned and inspected for any damage . A truck being used to push back the plane in preparation for the flight "  experienced some form of failure " causing it disconnect from the aircraft , a Singapore Airlines spokesman said . "  As a consequence of the failure on the truck , the aircraft ... came into contact with the grass verge off the airport tarmac . The aircraft was not under its own power at the time , " he said . "  It is too early at this time to know the cause of the incident but Singapore Airlines will investigate this quickly , and is filing reports with the appropriate Singapore authorities , " the spokesman said . An airline spokesman told CNN 's Richard Quest that four wheels had ended up on the grass . All four tires had now been replaced . "  As far as Singapore Airlilnes is concerned , the plane is ready to fly again , " Quest said . The airline made arrangements for as many customers as possible to continue on their journey from Changi Airport to Sydney aboard a Boeing 747-400 . Most passengers departed for Sydney on a new flight early Friday morning , while some others flew to alternate destinations such as Melbourne and Brisbane on existing flights . "  The remaining customers , about 10 of them , have left , or will be leaving , for Sydney today , " the spokesman said . Singapore Airlines received its first A380 in October last year to become the first carrier in the world to operate the double-decker aircraft , which it is currently using for the Singapore-Sydney route . Changi Airport , which is home to the Singapore Airlines A380 fleet , has declared itself ready to handle the plane . It widened and lengthened existing runways and widened runway shoulders to allow the plane to maneuver . Airports around the world have had to make changes to accommodate the A380 , such as enlarging runways and gates and bringing in vehicles which can tow the plane and lift high enough to reach its upper decks . E-mail to a friend	Four wheels of A380 superjumbo roll onto grass at Singapore airport Truck being used to push the plane experienced "  some kind of failure " No-one injured in the incident ; passengers transferred to other flights Singapore Airlines was first carrier in the world to operate the A380
New York  CNN  -- When Dr. Jessie Stone decided to give up her career as a doctor in New York in favor of full-time kayaking , she could never have imagined that a kayaking expedition in Africa would ultimately lead her back to it . A native of Purchase , New York , Stone worked hard to achieve her goal of becoming a doctor , attending New York Medical College . But at the time of the expedition , in 2003 , Stone had decided a full-time medical career just was n't for her . "  I really did not see myself going back to medicine , " she said . "  Then the trip to Uganda happened , and everything changed . " According to the UNHCR , the United Nations refugee agency , Uganda has one of the highest malaria death rates in Africa . Despite being warned the country was facing a dire outbreak , Stone embarked on a cross-country kayaking trip to the Nile along with E.J. , a boat designer for one of her kayaking sponsors , Wave Sport . They took antimalarial drugs and slept under mosquito nets . They figured they 'd be fine . They were wrong . It was n't long before E.J. came down with malaria , and Stone 's background as a doctor was called upon . "  Luckily for all of us , E.J. ended up being fine , " she recalls , "  but it was a wake-up call . " It was a wake-up call that piqued Stone 's interest as a doctor . If E.J. could catch malaria despite precautions , how about those who lived in these malarial regions year-round ? Stone went to the nearest village and conducted a 50-hut survey . The results astounded her : "  Nobody had a mosquito net , not one single person we interviewed . Everyone reported at least one child in their household dying from malaria , and everyone wanted more information . " Residents of a small village named Kyabirwa asked Stone , or "  Dr. Jessie " as she 's known locally , to stay and build a clinic . "  I knew absolutely nothing about it , " she admitted . But the will was there : On her return to New York , Stone raised $ 25,000 -- enough to build a clinic and found Soft Power Health Uganda . Stone says that aside from the funds , the support and encouragement of the villagers was vital to bringing the project to fruition . "  To do this work , you need the community 's support and blessing , " she said . "  The entire process is a shared endeavor . " Kyabirwa is 10 kilometers  6.2 miles  downstream from Jinja , Uganda , which sits at the source of the Nile River . The clinic now receives 50 to 100 patients a day -- up from eight to 10 when it first opened . Patients run the gamut from tiny babies with malaria to those with advanced cancers and other disorders . As well as treating patients , outreach and educational programs form a large part of Soft Power Health 's doctrine . Stone says its malaria outreach programs have taught more than 100,000 people about prevention and provided more than 45,000 mosquito nets to the community at a fraction of the cost . With one of the highest birth rates in Africa , Stone discovered , many Ugandans had little to no education about conception or contraception . Her family planning outreach works in 39 villages every three months and has overtaken even the malaria outreach in popularity . Stone describes vast differences in the communities she serves since the clinic began . She says knowledge of malaria prevention is much more widespread , and she 's seen a huge increase in the numbers of people sleeping under mosquito nets . Stone says Soft Power Health 's reputation has grown to the point where patients now come from all over Uganda .  It has implemented a referral system to assist with some more complicated diseases  . These days , kayaking has taken a back seat to doctoring for 44-year-old Stone , who has relegated it from full-time job to part-time stress reliever , but she still takes part in freestyle kayaking and will be competing in the American circuit in Colorado this summer . Stone now lives in Uganda five or six months of the year , despite the fact that a recently completed dam has turned the nearby section of whitewater she used to kayak into a lake . She says the locals fear that fewer kayaking opportunities mean she 'll leave , but she reassures them that as long is the need is there , so is she . "  I feel very lucky to be able to do this work , " she said . "  You just never know what life has in store for you ! "	Dr. Jessie Stone gave up medicine to be a kayaker , but medicine found her again She is helping tackle malaria in Uganda Soft Power Health Uganda also offers outreach and educational programs Family planning outreach has become even more popular than antimalaria efforts
Shailene Woodley and Theo James were n't expecting a frenzied mass of "  Divergent " fans to greet them at a premiere in early March . Well , they 'd better get used to it . The two stars of the new film , set for release Friday , were the focus of a swarm of at least 200 fans , mostly female , who screeched and cheered for their heroes at a special Atlanta screening . Woodley wore Alexander McQueen ; James , an affable Brit , signed autographs . Both answered questions . The fans ate it up . And why not ? "  Divergent " is being touted as the new "  Hunger Games . " That 's no surprise , given its action-oriented female heroine , youthful cast and post-apocalyptic setting . The film is based on the first book in a best-selling trilogy by Veronica Roth , a series that also earned comparisons to Suzanne Collins ' "  Hunger Games " works . If "  Divergent " does half as well as the "  Hunger Games " films -- the most recent of which , "  Catching Fire , " topped the 2013 box office and made $ 865 million worldwide -- its backers will be very happy . Which is why Woodley -- perhaps best known for performances in the film "  The Descendants " and the TV series "  The Secret Life of the American Teenager " -- is receiving Jennifer Lawrence-type attention . She 's on the current cover of Marie Claire , has been the subject of press releases noting her choice of designer clothing , and is being mentioned in gossip-style headlines mentioning the age of her first kiss  15 , incidentally  and her love of "  Descendants " co-star George Clooney . Woodley , 22 , says she 's a little surprised by the response . "  I do n't know much about that world . None of us really engage in social media , " she said at a CNN Center interview the day after the Atlanta screening . "  So last night was sort of a shock . ` Oh , other people know about this movie , too . ' " James , 29 , has n't escaped the microscope . The actor is also the subject of publicists ' e-mail blasts and has been romantically linked to Woodley in British tabloid headlines . Though Woodley told Teen Vogue that she has n't had a boyfriend in five years , the two do have an easy rapport . James said he welcomes the fans ' passion . "  It 's good to be involved in something that has a bunch of people invested in the material already , " he said . ` You have to make bold decisions ' Ah , passion . It certainly does n't hurt ticket sales -- and neither does the tittle-tattle . "  Divergent " has been a hot property ever since author Roth sold the rights to the trilogy before she even graduated college . The story is set in a post-apocalyptic Chicago in which the culture has been divided into five factions : Abnegation , who believe in altruism ; Amity , the peaceful ones ; Erudite , the intellectuals ; Candor , the bluntly honest ; and Dauntless , the fearless warrior class . Beatrice "  Tris " Prior -- the character played by Woodley -- is the daughter of two Abnegation parents . At 16 , like everyone else , she takes an aptitude test to find the most appropriate faction for her personality . She finds out she 's "  Divergent , " with equal aptitude for more than one faction . However , since such a classification is considered threatening to society , she 's told to keep the information to herself . She ends up joining Dauntless , much to the disappointment of her parents -- "  faction before blood , " goes one of the culture 's mottoes -- and undergoes a boot camp at which she meets Four  James  , one of the camp leaders . From there the plot concerns Tris ' attempts to fit in -- or not -- Four 's secrets  there 's a connection with a political leader  and run-ins with the Erudite chief , Jeanine Matthews , played by a chilling Kate Winslet . The book series , which also includes the sequels "  Insurgent " and "  Allegiant , " has sold more than 10 million copies . More importantly , it 's got that powerful fan base . There are several fan sites devoted to the series on the Internet , and Roth has more than 200,000 Twitter followers . Such a following can both help and hurt a movie . Certainly there will be huge crowds awaiting "  Divergent 's " midnight showing , but if Tris and Four  and the ruins of Chicago , which are their own character in the movie  do n't live up to their vision , the backlash could be fierce . James , however , says that comes with the territory . "  You have to make your own decisions based on what you perceive the character to be , " said James . "  You have to make bold decisions , stick with them , and whatever will be , will be . " Your guide to film adaptations in 2014 ` Everyone is multi-dimensional ' The two had plenty of help getting into character . They had their own boot camp to get into physical shape , and did some of their own stunts -- though stuntpeople stood in for the big falls , and special effects helped with certain details , like a zip-line run off Chicago 's John Hancock Center . They did go up in the big Ferris wheel on the Navy Pier , which Woodley remembers as a special night . "  It was a full moon , so we got to watch the moon go across the sky and go up and down this crazy 75-foot ladder . It was just magic , " she said . "  It 's one of those moments where you wonder how you got this life . " Indeed , Woodley continues enjoying "  this life . " She says she 's had good mentors in actors such as Clooney , Laura Dern and Winslet , people who "  show up early , show up prepared . " "  They all have in common the fact that they love the art of acting , still . They love being on a movie set , " she said . As "  Divergent 's " release nears , the two -- along with youthful co-stars including Miles Teller , Jai Courtney and Ansel Elgort -- will see if they can hold on to their love of acting in the midst of a celebrity culture that would like to reduce them to gossip fodder as superficial as members of "  Divergent 's " single-minded factions . History offers mixed lessons : The shrewd and award-winning Lawrence and the "  Harry Potter " kids have apparently succeeded . Other young actors burn out as quickly as they rise . James -- a veteran of several British TV series , including an episode of "  Downton Abbey " -- seems intent on making the most of the opportunity to widen his horizons . As pre-production begins on "  Insurgent " and "  Allegiant , " he 's already done two other films : A version of Martin Amis ' novel "  London Fields " and a film called "  Franny " from indie director Andrew Renzi . He may be living by one of the lessons of the film . "  One of the key messages of the film is that no one can be categorized , " he said . "  Everyone is multidimensional . " And Woodley ? She 's taking it easy for now . But , like the quietly astute Tris , she understands that you do n't present all that you are . "  I think it 's important to have your own secrets , preserve your own personal space , " she said . "  You do n't give all of yourself away . " Young adult books from page to screen	"  Divergent " has expectations of being new "  Hunger Games " Film , like book , features strong teen heroine , postapocalyptic society Stars Shailene Woodley and Theo James somewhat prepared for what 's coming Film opens Friday
Washington  CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry said in an interview released Wednesday that he was "  a bit arrogant " when he launched his ultimately failed bid for president in 2011 , but that after spending nearly two years "  in preparation " for another , he feels "  substantially more prepared to run . " Perry told The Washington Post that he may have drawn undue confidence because of his experience as governor of an expansive and economically influential state . During a sit-down at the Republican Governors ' Association meeting in Florida , he said that experience made him feel he could "  step into that role of candidate and stand up in front of the American people . " "  I was mistaken , " Perry admitted . The Republican governor entered the 2012 presidential race to high expectations and great fanfare in late 2011 , quickly rising to the top of the polls before plummeting to the bottom after a series of gaffes and missteps derailed his bid . Perhaps the most infamous -- his declaration of "  oops " when he forgot the final federal agency he 'd nix if he became president -- continues to dog him as he contemplates another bid . Perry acknowledged the fact that his 2012 failures will shadow his political future , but he said he believes Americans would give him another chance if he decides to run again . "  It 's never going to go away , " he said of his failed bid . "  It 's always there , just as Bill Clinton 's 1988 -LSB- long-winded Democratic -RSB- convention speech is always there . It 's always part of your past . I 'm a big believer that Americans ... are interested in how do you perform after you 've been knocked down . " But he was satisfied with how his 14-year tenure as governor of Texas had turned out , as Texas continues to boast a strong economy , he said . Perry also expressed pride in Texas ' transformation from "  an intellectual and cultural backwater to a place that is very much on everyone 's radar screen on where would be a good place for us to either relocate or expand . " The governor said that experience would be part of his main pitch as he runs again , something he said Americans wo n't find in "  another relatively young , inexperienced United States senator or a congressman for that matter . " Perry , if he does run , will likely face a wide array of challengers for the GOP nomination , many of them members of the U.S. House or Senate . And he said he 'd perform much better in a second presidential campaign after spending "  the last 22 months in preparation . " "  I 'm comfortable I 'm substantially more prepared to run for the presidency , " he said . "  I know the challenges . And so , again , I 'm not ready to pull the trigger and say I 'm in , but I 'm comfortable that the process I 've put in place here is a proper , timely and thoughtful process . " "  The decision -LSB- about running -RSB- may be no , but it will not be a no because I 'm not prepared , " he added . Those preparations have included multiple trips abroad and chats with policy experts , including former secretaries of state Henry Kissinger and George Shultz . And he 's become a more outspoken critic of President Barack Obama on immigration in recent months , framing his own experience governing a border state as a competent alternative to Obama 's handling of the nation 's immigration problems . On Wednesday , he told the Post that the President 's expected executive order delaying deportations of thousands of illegal immigrants is "  unconstitutional " and "  unlawful . " "  It is bad public policy , and the American people are not for it , " Perry added , calling on Congress to send various immigration reform measures to Obama 's desk to put him on record explaining his opposition to any such reforms . But he framed himself as a pragmatist against the more conservative voices in the GOP calling for the President 's impeachment over the executive order . "  No , " he said , asked about whether impeachment should be on the table for the GOP in the party 's response . "  I think the American people want to see government work . ... I do n't think the vast majority of people see impeachment as government working . That is a last ditch effort to stick a finger in the eye of the President . "	Gov. Rick Perry of Texas says with 22 months of preparation , he 's ready for another bid Voters will give him a chance to overcome 2012 campaign gaffes , Perry believes He says impeachment should be off the table for the GOP response to executive action
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The trial of American hikers charged with espionage in Iran will resume May 11 , the state run Islamic Republic News Agency reported Sunday , citing the head of the Justice Ministry . The trial began behind closed-doors last month , and allowed Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal "  the opportunity to explain their innocence to the court , " according to February 7 statement from the men 's families . Iran accuses Bauer , 28 , Fattal , 28 , and Sarah Shourd , 32 , of spying and trespassing . They were detained July 31 , 2009 , after they allegedly strayed across an unmarked border into Iran while hiking in Iraq 's Kurdistan region . Shourd was released on bail in September 2010 because of a medical condition and immediately left the country . She has not responded to a court summons to return to stand trial , Masoud Shafii , the hikers ' attorney in Tehran , has said . Iranian authorities say she will be tried in absentia if she does n't appear in court . All three have pleaded not guilty . Fattal and Bauer continue to be held in Iran 's notorious Evin prison .	Three hikers are being tried for espionage in Iran One of the hikers has been released on bail and has left the country
CNN  -- It 's been one year since Fort Bragg soldier Kelli Bordeaux went missing , and there 's now a reward being offered for information that could help authorities solve the mystery , according to police in Fayetteville , North Carolina . The military is offering $ 25,000 for information that could help explain what happened to Pfc. Bordeaux , Detective Jeff Locklear told CNN on Monday . Last April , police and the military searched an area near a Fayetteville bar where Bordeaux was last seen and last used her cell phone , authorities then told CNN . Read last year 's story about Bordeaux The 23-year-old soldier left the Froggy Bottoms bar early on a Saturday , police told CNN then . She had been drinking and was given a ride home by a bar employee , according to a U.S. Army official who spoke on condition of anonymity at the time of that story . At some point , the Army official said , Bordeaux sent two text messages . One said , "  got home safely . " The official did not know who the text was sent to or the contents of the second text message . Last April , Fayetteville Police Chief Tom Bergamine said that Bordeaux was described as a "  very good soldier , not the type of person that would come up AWOL or missing . " The Army official told CNN that police searched Bordeaux 's apartment and vehicle , but the official did not know where the vehicle was found . Bordeaux was reported missing on April 16 of last year when she failed to report for duty , the official said . Bordeaux 's older sister , Olivia Cox , told reporters last April that it was out of character for her to miss work . Bordeaux 's mother , Johnna Henson , said she had been told by police that an individual gave her daughter a ride to the bar , where Bordeaux sang karaoke .	A Fayetteville , North Carolina , police detective says military is offering a $ 25,000 reward In April 2012 , Kelli Bordeaux disappeared after leaving a Fayetteville bar Last April , police and the military searched near the bar , where she was last seen
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has rejected an appeal over a federal law banning felons from having bulletproof vests or body armor . The 7-2 decision on Monday not to intervene was a reaffirmation of congressional authority over a wide range of commerce . The order was one of several hundred pending appeals the court summarily disposed of by the court . By refusing to accept the case for review , the justices let stand the conviction of Cedrick Alderman , a Washington state man who was stopped by police in 2005 on suspicion of selling cocaine . Officers then discovered he was wearing a bulletproof vest . That in itself did not violate state law , but because Alderman was an ex-felon -- convicted of armed robbery in 1999 -- and the vest was manufactured in California , he was convicted under federal law . He was sentenced to 18 months in federal prison . Congress had passed the law in 2002 in response to a series of high-profile shootings involving police , including bank robbers wearing body armor . Alderman 's lawyers argued owning such equipment had nothing to do with interstate commerce , and that Congress had no power to intervene . "  The federal power claimed is the authority to regulate anything -- from possession of french fries to the local theft of a Hershey 's kiss , " his lawyers told the high court . Opponents of the sweeping health care reform law promoted by President Obama have made similar arguments , saying constitutional authority by the government has been improperly exceeded . In particular , nearly a dozen states and private groups have challenged a provision of the law requiring Americans to have some form of health insurance by 2014 or pay a tax penalty . Justices Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia strongly dissented from the court 's refusal to intervene in the Alderman case . "  Today , the court tacitly accepts the nullification of our recent Commerce Clause jurisprudence , " wrote Thomas in a seven-page dissent . The court 's failure to step in "  threatens the proper limits on Congress 's commerce power and may allow Congress to exercise police powers that our Constitution reserves to the states , " he said . The case is Alderman v. U.S.  09-1555  . In other pending cases : The justices let stand the criminal conviction of an Oregon man who was found guilty despite votes from two jurors to acquit him . At issue was whether the Constitution requires a unanimous jury verdict to convict a person of a felony . Oregon and Louisiana alone among states allow criminal convictions by non-unanimous verdicts in some crimes . Alonso Herrera was convicted by a 10-2 jury vote in 2008 for unauthorized use of a vehicle -- borrowing a friend 's car and not bringing it back . He served 13 months behind bars . The case is Herrera v. Oregon  10-344  . The justices rejected for a second time the appeal of an outspoken figure in the "  birther " movement involving whether President Obama is in fact a U.S. citizen . Attorney Orly Taitz has been challenging a $ 20,000 fine imposed by a federal judge who determined the California attorney had filed a frivolous lawsuit . Taitz had represented Capt. Connie Rhodes , an Army physician from Columbus , Georgia , who protested her pending deployment to Iraq . Taitz had argued in court the deployment was illegal because Obama had no authority to act as commander in chief because he was unconstitutionally serving as president . A motion for a restraining order was ultimately rejected by Judge Clay Land of the Middle District of Georgia . According to court records , Taitz then filed for a rehearing , and publicly labeled the ruling an "  act of treason . " Rhodes later said that second motion , which also was rejected , was filed without her consent . Land then ruled the lawyer had filed "  frivolous " litigation , had abused the civil judicial process , and fined her . The high court in August had rejected a similar motion for relief from Taitz . The justices had also dismissed earlier , unrelated lawsuits from individuals questioning Obama 's citizenship . State birth certificate records show he was born August 4 , 1961 , in Honolulu , Hawaii . His mother is a native of Kansas ; his father was born in Kenya . Among the claims of various "  birther " movement organizers are that the president was born in Kenya or Indonesia ; that his birth certificate is a forgery ; and that he had dual American-British citizenship at birth because of his father 's Kenyan heritage and therefore is not a "  natural born " citizen , as is required to be eligible for president under the U.S. Constitution . The case is Taitz v. MacDonald  10-541  . And the high court said no to the claims of a Native American inmate who wanted to grow his hair long behind bars , for what he said were a necessary part of his religious rights . Iron Thunderhorse , a 66-year-old practitioner of Native American shaminism , also claimed Texas corrections officials denied him the right to wear a colored headband and to use a pipe in his cell as part of his tribal ceremonies . At issue was whether a prison grooming rule violated a federal law protecting the rights of prisoners to religious practice . The inmate claims corrections staff has harassed him about his religion , confiscating his medicine bag , religious medallion , and quartz crystal . According to Thunderhorse , an altercation with a guard four years ago resulted him being denied the right to conduct pipe ceremonies in his cell , or being allowed to have musical instruments . The opinion says it does allow the man to wear a plain white headband . Thunderhorse is serving a 99-year prison term for robbery , rape , kidnapping and attempted escape . The Connecticut native says in his legal filings he is "  Hereditary Grand Sachem and Powwamanitomp  shaman  of the Quinnipiac Thunder Clan . " Lower federal courts have had differing views over the level of deference owed by prison officials to inmate religious practices that conflict with grooming rules . The Obama administration had recommend the court turn aside the appeal , which it did without comment . The case is Iron Thunderhorse v. Pierce  09-1353 .	Thomas and Scalia dissent from rejection of appeal on felons owning body armor The Supreme Court turns aside a challenge to a law allowing less-than-unanimous guilty verdicts Another appeal from a "  birther " also is rejected
Mashable.com  -- You ca n't block CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook . Try it . You 'll get an error message that says , "  General Block failed error : Block failed . " We do n't know whether it 's a bug or an intentional inside joke , but Facebook 's developers have created jokes and pranks in the past , so we would n't put it past them . Of course , we 're also not sure why you 'd want to block him ; it 's not likely that he 's spamming your wall with unwanted FarmVille invitations . Nevertheless , there 's a website called Block Zuck that acts as a sort of catharsis for people fed up with some of Facebook 's recent choices , such as allowing your friends to location-tag you in Facebook Places by default with no confirmation from you . Maybe you 'll want to block Zuckerberg after you see the fictionalization of his early years at Facebook in the upcoming movie "  The Social Network " just for the principle of the thing . Or maybe you 'll just laugh a little at this easter egg or bug and move on with your life . Either way , you can verify this by going to Zuckerberg 's Facebook profile , scrolling down near the button of the left panel and clicking "  Report/Block this person , " then checking "  Block this person " and clicking "  Submit . " Assuming this is n't just a bug , is it a funny easter egg , or a joke in bad taste ? Let us know in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	An error message will pop up if you try to block Facebook 's CEO There 's a website called Block Zuck for people fed up with Facebook 's recent choices Facebook friends can tag you in Facebook Places by default with no confirmation from you
As an infant 20 years ago , Spencer Elden was thrown into a pool in Southern California to be photographed , naked , underwater , appearing to reach for a dollar bill . The photo would become one of the most iconic images of 1990s music : Nirvana 's "  Nevermind " album cover . Released on September 24 , 1991 , "  Nevermind " catapulted the band and its music to the top of the charts , with songs including "  Smells Like Teen Spirit " giving birth to the Seattle-based grunge musical style . On the 20th anniversary of the album 's release , Elden , the now-20-year-old son of an artist , said in jest that now he suffers more tribulations than other famously photographed babies whose images are associated more with cuteness than grunge . "  When I am introduced , they introduce me as the Nirvana baby , " said Elden . And because he was sans diaper when the famous shot was taken , there are other questions . "  They usually poke fun at me asking me , ` Is it the same size ? ' " "  I always say , "  It 's changed , do you want to see it ? ' " Elden , also an artist , said he never met Nirvana 's Kurt Cobain , whose looks and demeanor epitomized the '90s Generation-X subculture , a group and a mindset chronicled in films such as "  Slacker . " "  Definitely , I like Nirvana a lot and there are no songs that I do n't like -- they all have a special place for people , " Elden said . Elden said he is not swimming in cash as a result of his baby celebrity status . His father , artist Rick Elden , agreed in 1991 to work on the cover with fellow photographer Kirk Weddle . He received no royalties for the job . "  My dad was an artist rigging special effects for Hollywood , " said Elden . "  They went to the local pool , threw me in the water and that was it . It was a friend-helping-a-friend kind of thing . " On Saturday , Elden said he celebrated the historic release of "  Nevermind " with friends . "  We hung out ... and just listened to Nirvana music , drank beer and hung out . It was a good time , " he said .	As a baby , Spencer Elden was thrown into a pool for the cover photo of Nirvana 's famous album Released in 1991 , Nirvana 's "  Nevermind " launched grunge rock Elden , now 20 , loves Nirvana music
CNN  -- There are cool whites instead of lush greens , herbal showers instead of holes-in-one and empowering juices not intoxicating malt whiskies on the bar menu . A sleek health club in central London and Muirfield -- home to golf 's 2013 British Open -- might not have much in common but they are agreed on one thing -- they only accept members of a certain sex . Grace Belgravia is one of a few female private members club in the U.K. while , north of the Scottish border , Muirfield is notorious for its men-only membership code . Women are invited to play at the historic club as visitors or guests but can not become members , a policy the club has no plans to change . But is there still a place in the 21st Century 's equality-conscious society for single-gender institutions ? "  Why should there not be ? " Kate Percival , co-founder of Grace Belgravia told CNN in the club 's tranquil environs . "  It 's not anti-feminist , it 's not anti-men . "  It 's just a fact that some women , not all women , feel more comfortable in an environment where there are other women around . Battle of the testosterone "  The women that come here know it 's a very relaxing place because the men are not here . This becomes a haven , a sanctuary from the battle of the testosterone . " At Muirfield the "  battle of testosterone " will be very much in evidence when golf 's oldest major tees off on Thursday and no-one watching the prestigious tournament will be particularly troubled by this primeval male instinct . But when the Open is awarded to Muirfield -- one of three clubs along with Royal St George 's and Royal Troon on the Open rotation which still operate men-only membership policies -- there is always intense criticism . Scotland 's First Minister Alex Salmond has publicly pronounced his disapproval of the male-only policy by effectively boycotting the event . There is a view that holding a global tournament at a club which does not accept female members vindicates Victorian values of patriarchy and keeps women in their place . But Percival does not necessarily agree -- instead she argues that male-only or female-only policies represent an expression of freedom , not constraint . "  If what people are trying to say is that it is putting women down because they are n't allowed to join , I do n't think that 's the issue , " Percival said . "  If men want to have their own club by all means have their own club , if women want to similarly . "  If some men choose to play golf only with men that is absolutely fine . No-one is forcing anyone to go to an all-male club . "  When Grace Belgravia opened there was just one comment right at the beginning when a journalist said this was anti-feminist . "  I think the point that they were trying to make is that women have striven for hundreds of years to have equality and someone is going backwards by having a women 's only club but I just could n't understand that argument . "  For me , this is really liberating and really being independent of thought , saying no , we want our space because there are lots of issues we want to take up . " Golf economics Nestled at the back of the19th Century village of Lundin Links is a parkland golf course , home to the Lundin Ladies Golf Club -- which claims to be the oldest female-only golf club in the world and the only one in Scotland . The club was established in 1891 as a separate entity from the nearby men 's club and is now run solely by women as a picturesque place for a game of nine holes . Men can play on the ladies ' course but only women can become members . "  It 's a nice welcoming environment for ladies getting into golf , " club captain Anne Dobie told CNN . "  We have beautiful views up to the north . " But with a dwindling number of local ladies that play golf , Dobie concedes that it might be difficult to survive as a single-gender club . "  A lot of our members are quite elderly , " Dobie explained . "  It 's the way that things are now . Young women are working and working longer . That 's a bit of a downside . "  Most clubs are just a ladies section in a mixed club so it does mean there are considerable extra responsibilities such as staff , ground maintenance , starters and two greenkeepers . "  Financially it 's becoming more difficult as time goes on as we do n't have the numbers . The older ladies here will talk about when they used to come up to pay to play on the course in the summer holidays . "  People used to be desperate to play and queue up but we 're not in that favorable position now . "  We are finding it harder to make ends meet and the longevity of the club probably is not too rosy . " Just up the road at the Lundin Links men 's club -- where a weekday round costs $ 120 -- the scenario could not be more different . "  There is no comparison with our wealth and the wealth that is in the men 's club , " Dobie added . "  They still have a waiting list for membership . They are in a very fortunate position financially . "  The ladies ' club might just be sustainable if we have a closer relationship with the men 's club . " In fact , Dobie argues that closer relationships between men and women in the game of golf -- and beyond -- could be the solution to the furore over the female-ban at Muirfield . "  We may all have to give in to the point where all clubs are mixed , " she said . "  It 's the way things are going in society and in sports . "  I do n't see that sports clubs have any reason to be any different . It 's just equality in all things . "  In time , what we 're doing just now will look pretty archaic to future generations when they see that certain people were excluded from certain golf clubs . " Historic hangover Peter Dawson , chief executive of the R&A , which organizes the Open , argues that the single-sex policy of Muirfield -- and others -- is a historic hangover . "  Single sex clubs are still something of a feature in Scotland , " Dawson told CNN . "  It 's a historical thing actually because women came to the game of golf when men were already established . "  It 's something that is reported as an issue far more than the actuality of it . We have a situation where about 1 % of clubs in the UK are single sex - it 's a very small number . "  Golf has moved on from the stereotypes of 50 years ago . It is chalk and cheese and we 'll just have to wait and see what happens in the year ahead . " In Windsor in the south of England there is already a positive example of a single-gender club that has happily merged into mixed living . The Sunningdale Ladies ' Golf Club -- which can count the late Queen Mother as its club captain in the 1932 -- was established in 1902 as a place for women to play the game . It took more than a century for men to be admitted as members -- but club secretary Simon Sheppard says the advantages of mixed membership are self evident . Good mixers "  There are ladies out there who do not want to join a ladies-only club , " Sheppard told CNN . "  Then there are other people who might feel intimidated by a male-dominated environment . Here those people might feel less intimidated . "  Society is mixed so there is no reason for this club not to be . The best friends I 've made , I 've made playing golf . "  I play golf here with my wife very happily and afterwards we have a damn good Sunday lunch in the clubhouse . " Whether it is tee for two or tea for two , the concept is one that Percival is also happy to endorse , even within the walls of female oasis Grace Belgravia . "  Invariably in the evening , our members invite male partners in for drinks or an event or lectures , " Percival explained . "  A lot of women love the fact that they have their own space during the day but it 's nice to have a mix of things . "  It 's fine to invite the opposite sex in as guests -- it 's quite civilized as men and women do sit side by side -- but if the core of the club is also about single-sex , that 's fine too . " And if golf 's global organizers wanted to make a stand for equality they could always hold the men 's Open at a ladies-only golf club . Would n't that equal things out ? "  The Open , held at a ladies club ? " Dobie ponders incredulously . " It will NEVER happen . "	British Open - one of golf 's four majors - starts Thursday The decision to hold the Open at Muirfield has attracted criticism Grace Belgravia 's Kate Percival says there is a place for single-gender clubs Others argue future generations may see single-sex golf clubs as "  pretty archaic "
CNN  -- American airstrikes earlier this month during a western Afghanistan battle with Taliban militants may have killed up to 30 civilians , an interim U.S. military report said on Wednesday . Villagers sit near the graves of victims of airstrikes in Garni , in western Farah province . The report is part of an ongoing investigation into a fight in Farah province , where villagers reported civilian casualties as a result of U.S. bombing runs on May 4 . "  A review of the physical evidence is inconclusive in determining the exact number of civilian and insurgent casualties , " the military said in a statement detailing the report . "  In all , the investigation team estimates that 60-65 Taliban extremists were killed in these engagements , while at least 20-30 civilians may have been killed during the fighting . The investigators continue to attempt to better confirm casualty numbers . " The report was released amid widespread dismay and anger in Afghanistan over several incidents of civilians caught in the crossfire of the war between international and Afghan forces , and Taliban militants . As the report was released , NATO 's command reported that a Tuesday airstrike caused casualties among civilians it says were held as human shields by insurgents in the southern Afghanistan province of Helmand . Complicating the U.S. military effort to determine an accurate death toll for insurgents and civilians in the Farah incident is the fact that Muslims quickly bury their dead and the Taliban do n't wear traditional uniforms . The military statement said that incident began when "  a large number of Taliban fighters " came to the villages of Ganj Abad and Grani on May 3 and demanded payments from village officials . The military said there were reports that militants executed three former officials of the government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan . Afghan National Police and soldiers embarked on an operation to oust the Taliban militants , the report said . When police approached Grani , they were ambushed and five police died . That prompted the local governor to call in coalition troops . As coalition and Afghan troops worked to help the police , Taliban militants fired on those forces . During this fight , the coalition called in F/A -18 air support to counter enemy fire and rescue a wounded Afghan soldier trapped by Taliban fire . That soldier , a first sergeant , was hustled to safety by coalition and Afghan troops . "  Following this , one B-1 provided fires in coordination with the ground commander on buildings and a tree grove insurgents were firing from or massing in , " the military said . Afghan and U.S. forces remained in the area until morning and saw the return of villagers who fled the area before fighting . A U.S. military source , who requested anonymity because the full investigation has not been made public , said a review of combat camera footage and cockpit audio recordings indicates three F/A -18 s and a single B-1 bomber took sequential turns over Farah province during the fighting . The B-1 dropped three bombs and the F/A -18 s dropped five , the official said . The military statement said video "  clearly depicts insurgents entering the buildings , which were then targeted in the final strikes of the fight . " "  Combined with audio recordings of the ground commander and air crew conversations , the investigators were able to confirm that the insurgents fleeing from the firefight were regrouping in several small rural buildings , which were then subsequently destroyed . " The source said civilian deaths were "  most likely " accidental . Military investigators who went to the region found one grave site with 22 fresh mounds and another site with four . They also went to a mass grave , but could not determine how many people were buried there . Military investigators thought it was an insurgent grave site , because the mass grave was not pointed toward Mecca -- usual for Muslim burials -- and did not have the markings of a traditional grave of the region , the official said . Insurgents usually are buried in that untraditional manner , the U.S. military source said . In the past , the U.S. military has paid compensation to victims ' families and intensely criticized the Taliban for holding civilians in conflict zone -- and did so again on Wednesday . "  We regret the loss of any civilian life and express our condolences to the families who lost loved ones in this fighting with insurgents firing from and regrouping in villagers ' homes , " said Col. Greg Julian , a U.S. military spokesman . "  We continue to work closely with the Afghan National Security Forces to bring security and progress to Afghanistan , and to do everything we can to avoid civilian casualties . We strongly condemn the Taliban for their brutality in deliberately targeting and using civilians as human shields . " NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said on Wednesday that an airstrike targeting militants in Helmand province caused civilian casualties and said possibly eight civilians died . The incident occurred in Nawa -- south of Lashkar Gar in Helmand province on Tuesday , and it began when about 25 insurgents attacked an ISAF patrol . Troops called in air support during what ISAF called a "  dangerous situation , " and an aircraft dropped "  one piece of ordnance , which ended the engagement . " "  The ISAF troops , however , were not aware that the insurgents were once again using civilians as human shields . If this information had been known by ISAF troops , no ordnance would have been used , " ISAF said . "  This terrible incident again shows the insurgents ' blatant disregard for the lives of Afghan people . " The bombing happened about 8 a.m. Wednesday  0430 GMT  on the road between Kabul and Bagram . The attack was under investigation , a military statement said . Further information was withheld , pending notification of next of kin . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	U.S. airstrikes in Afghanistan killed 30 Afghan civilians , U.S. says Deaths of civilians in airstrikes this month were "  likely " accidental , U.S. says Civilian casualties politically sensitive for government of President Karzai
Washington  CNN  Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley told an audience at the University of Chicago on Thursday that he has been "  seriously considering " a running for president , and suggested his decision on whether he 'll jump in to the race will come this spring . "  Right now , my primary responsibility is to move my family back to Baltimore , which I will do in another week , " said O'Malley , whose term ends this month . "  So I 'm going to be taking some time over the next couple of months to get my family situated . " He added , "  I 've been very encouraged as I travel around the country by a number of people who repeat again and again and again their desire for getting things done again as a country and also for new leadership to get those things done . " If the phrase "  seriously considering " sounds familiar , that 's because it is . O'Malley has been "  seriously considering " running for president since early 2014 . He told the LA Times after a speech in Iowa in July 2014 that he was "  seriously considering " a bid . He told Fusion in August 2104 that he was "  seriously considering a run in 2016 " and he told CNN in February 2014 that he was preparing the "  ground work necessary to offer a better direction for our country . " The two-term governor from Maryland has long been "  considering " a run for president , but his polling numbers have not responded to his planning . In a December 2014 CNN/ORC International poll , O'Malley garnered only 1 % support , putting him 65 % behind frontrunner Hillary Clinton . Voters rejected O'Malley 's Maryland Democratic Party at the ballot box in 2014 when the governor 's handpicked successor , Anthony Brown , lost the governor 's race to Republican Larry Hogan . "  I can tell you my feelings were hurt , " O'Malley said about the loss . "  We had done a lot of really good things in Maryland and in the end you did not hear much about it during the campaign . " He added , though , "  I was not on the ballot . "	He told an audience in Chicago on Thursday that he was ` seriously considering ' a presidential bid O'Malley said however he would focus on his family ` over the next couple of months ' O'Malley 's says his "  feelings were hurt " when his hand picked successor lost his gubernatorial bid in 2014
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Two cargo ships collided just outside Tokyo Bay , according to the Japanese Coast Guard . The Panamanian-flagged Beagle III crashed into another vessel , the South Korean-registered Pegasus Prime , causing it to sink . The incident occurred southeast of the Miura Peninsula in Kanagawa Prefecture . Of the 20 crew members -- all of whom are Chinese nationals -- aboard Beagle III , 12 have been found and eight are still missing . Of the rescued crew members , six have slight injuries . The Chief Engineer of he ship was found drifting and seriously injured on Tuesday , He was taken to the nearby Miura City Hospital in a "  state of cardiopulmonary arrest , " but was confirmed dead Tuesday , the Japan Coast Guard confirmed . The 14 crew aboard the other vessel , Pegasus Prime , are all accounted for , according to the Coast Guard . The two ships collided at 3:20 a.m. Tuesday . Japan 's Transportation Safety Board has dispatched five marine accident investigators to look into the cause of the accident . The area the collision occurred is the entrance of Tokyo Bay , a well-known sea route for more than 400 vessels that use the port in Tokyo or Yokohama . Beagle III , a 12,630-ton general cargo ship , last reported its position as just south of the entrance to Tokyo Bay . It is currently reported as "  out of range . " Its last known port was nearby Yokohama . The Coast Guard has confirmed that it had departed Yokohama and was heading to Kobe . The 7,406-ton Pegasus Prime had departed Kunsan , South Korea and was heading to Tokyo . The Chinese Embassy reported that the search and rescue operation is comprised of 10 ships and a helicopter . The statement also indicated that "  emergency mechanisms " were in place between the Japanese and Chinese authorities in Tokyo to ensure proper cooperation and continued efforts to search for the remaining missing crew members . The Japan Coast Guard is continuing search operations by patrol boats and aircraft , but there have been no clues regarding the missing crew members yet , they said Wednesday . Death toll hits 55 in Philippines ferry disaster CNN 's Junko Ogura reported in Tokyo and Euan McKirdy wrote in Hong Kong .	Vessels collide outside of Tokyo Bay , one sunk 12 crew members of Beagle III rescued , one confirmed dead in Japanese hospital Eight Chinese crew members remain missing
CNN  -- Benjamin Scot Miller and his wife , Lyndsey , did n't expect to be parents on July 16 , 2012 . The Ohio couple 's son was n't due for another 3 1/2 months . But the cramps that Lyndsey felt that day at work were actually contractions . Doctors could not stop the baby from being born that day . Ward Miles Miller was a delicate 12 inches long . He weighed 1 pound , 13 ounces , but soon dropped to 1 pound 7 ounces . "  One doctor told us straight up the first night that there was a 50/50 chance that he would be normal , " said Benjamin Miller , a professional photographer . "  We definitely prayed and prayed . " Miller captured some of the key moments in Ward 's journey and stitched them together in a video running almost seven minutes long , now hugely popular on Vimeo . Watch the video of Ward 's first year Miller 's footage shows how Lyndsey Miller first held her son , at 4 days old , when Ward was covered in tubes and cords . Hospital staff helped position the baby and the medical equipment so he could nestle against his mother 's chest . In the video , Ward 's mother looks straight at the camera and smiles , gently stroking the baby , then suddenly tilts her head down and covers her mouth with her hand in a flood of tearful emotion . The early birth was n't Ward 's only challenge . At 10 days old , a scan revealed blood in his brain tissue , meaning blood had gotten in there at some point . His father remembers crying and praying the whole way to the hospital that day . "  And then you get there and you see him , and he 's laying there . He 's still the same old self , " he said . "  We just felt so bad . He has no control over this . It 's not his fault . " Over time , the bleed did n't grow , and the blood was slowly reabsorbed by the brain . The problem has not persisted . Ward finally got to go home after spending more than 100 days in the NICU at Nationwide Children 's Hospital in Columbus , Ohio . "  HOME " is displayed in large capital letters in the video . "  When we finally brought him home , it was amazing , " Miller said . "  That was the day . Everything was leading up to that day , and to have him there was amazing . It was how it was supposed to be from the get-go . We had to wait 107 days before we could experience that , so it was just amazing . " Miller had originally wanted to prepare a video for his son 's first birthday , but after that day went by , he found the next best opportunity : October 31 , the anniversary of Ward 's homecoming and one day before Lyndsey 's birthday . The video found a large audience online ; it 's been watched more than 3.6 million times . "  It 's definitely spreading awareness about NICUs , " Ward 's dad said . "  People have no idea ... that there are these NICUs with these babies holding on and parents scared out of their wits , and it 's going on every day all around the nation . " The main comments Miller has been getting on the video are from other fathers who sharing their stories . Miller is struck by how similar their tales are . "  Pretty much everyone is saying , like , ` That was me . This video could have been me . That is exactly what I went through , ' " Miller said . Today , Ward is technically 16 months old , but since he was n't supposed to be born until October 27 , 2012 , he seems just over a year old , Miller said . "  All the doctors who meet him and we say he was 15 weeks early , they just ca n't believe it , " Miller said . "  He does n't even look like he was a preemie . " It 's possible that the brain bleeding could result in problems later on , Miller said , but so far Ward does n't need any speech or physical therapy . "  He just had his 15-month developmental assessment , and he 's right on track with his age group , " he said . The child has no major health issues except for one : an inflammation in his throat . He sometimes vomits once every two days , which may be related to an allergy , but the family is n't sure . They have "  a great doctor " helping , though , Miller said . Ward has seen the video on his mother 's iPad and likes watching himself , Miller said . "  But yeah , he does n't understand it , " Miller said , "  and it 's not going to be until he 's probably 16 , 17 , 18 that it really sets in , what 's happened . "	Benjamin Miller made a video of his son 's first year of life Ward was born 15 weeks early and had bleeding in his brain Ward Miles Miller is now mostly healthy
CNN  After landing a probe on an icy comet and possibly shedding new light on the origins of life on Earth , the European Space Agency  ESA  is now looking at scorching-hot Mercury for its next mission . The innermost planet of our solar system orbits so close to the Sun that , in some instances , surface temperature surpasses 400 C . Areas of the planet without sunlight , on the other hand , can become as cold as -170 C . No other planet has variations in temperature so severe . The reason for this is the absence of any significant atmosphere , which Mercury is too hot and too small to retain . With a diameter of just over 3,000 miles , it 's just a third larger than the Moon , and smaller than two other moons in the solar system -- Saturn 's Titan and Jupiter 's Ganymede . ESA 's mission to Mercury will tentatively launch on 21 July 2016 , to reach Mercury 's orbit seven and a half years later , in 2024 . The spacecraft is called BepiColombo -- in honor of Italian space pioneer Giuseppe "  Bepi " Colombo . Mercury is the least studied of the inner planets , but it has many peculiarities . "  Mercury is special , " said Johannes Benkhoff , the project scientist in charge of the BepiColombo mission , "  It 's the densest planet in our solar system , even denser than Earth - if we consider uncompressed density - and has a magnetic field , like Earth , that no one expected before , so I guess it 's a cool planet to go to . " There are many challenging aspects to a mission to Mercury , most prominently its proximity to the Sun , with its mighty gravitational pull and intense radiation . The planet 's high orbital velocity of 48 kilometers per second -- compared to Earth 's 30 kilometers per second -- is also an issue . Any probe en route to Mercury must not only cover an average linear distance of 48 million miles , but carefully gauge its velocity so that it can catch the fast planet 's orbit without getting sucked into the Sun 's gravitational well . As a result , only two missions have visited Mercury so far . The first was NASA 's Mariner 10 , launched in 1973 . This was the first spacecraft to use the "  gravitational slingshot " technique , which uses a planet 's gravity to affect the trajectory and the speed of a spacecraft , saving on fuel and time . Bepi Colombo 's calculations were used to plot Mariner 10 's trip to Mercury , in a maneuver that has been widely used in space exploration ever since . The second mission is still underway : it 's called Messenger and it was launched -- again by NASA -- in 2004 . It is currently orbiting the planet and will continue to study it well into 2015 . Nevertheless , ESA feels that there is enough mystery about Mercury to warrant a third mission . "  Messenger found so many surprising , unexpected results that we have a lot of good reasons to follow-up on what they did , " Benkhoff told CNN , "  It 's a huge benefit that we have this mission in that stage , because only ten years later we will be at Mercury , follow-up on what Messenger did and get a huge , wonderful exploration of this planet . " The mission will , once again , use gravity assists to reach its destination : it will first complete a fly-by of Earth , essentially returning to our planet two years after launch . Then it will perform two fly-bys of Venus , before finally heading toward Mercury . Upon arrival , a module called Mercury Planet Orbiter  MPO  will separate from the rest of the spacecraft and perform a detailed study of the Mercury system . This module is designed by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency , which jointly conducts the mission along with ESA . BepiColombo will help us understand how planets can form so close to their parent star , and will analyze Mercury 's geology and magnetic field . It will also provide further confirmation of Einstein 's general theory of relativity . Mercury 's strange orbital pattern first puzzled physicists in 1845 , when it was discovered that it did not conform to Newton 's theory of gravity . This was later explained by relativity , which revealed that Mercury 's warped orbit was due to curved space and not some unseen object . BepiColombo will be in an optimal position to gather extremely precise data about the planet 's dance around the Sun , offering the ultimate validation to Einstein 's idea . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Are obese crash test dummies to key to preventing road deaths ? Turn your kitchen into an orchestra with this magic device An end to all airport security lines ?	ESA 's next mission , BepiColombo , will explore the planet closest to the Sun , Mercury The probe will launch in 2016 and reach Mercury in 2024 It will endure temperatures of 350 degrees Celsius and observe Mercury from orbit The data will be used , among other things , to confirm Einstein 's theory of relativity
London  CNN  -- Environmental campaign group Greenpeace has warned that if oil leaks from the stricken cruise liner Costa Concordia it could cause an environmental disaster , threatening marine life including birds , whales and sharks . At least six people died when the huge ship hit rocks and slid onto its side . The vessel -- containing hundreds of tons of fuel oil -- is now partially submerged off the Italian island of Giglio , which lies inside the Pelagos Sanctuary for Mediterranean Marine Mammals . The sanctuary was set up 10 years ago in an agreement between France , Italy and Monaco , with about half of it existing in international waters . Pelagos is a haven for many marine species including the fin whale , sperm whale , bottlenose dolphin , tuna , swordfish and sharks , as well as supporting sea bird populations . Greenpeace has previously criticized what it called a lack of management of the sanctuary and warned regional governments about ship congestion , particularly in the straits between Corsica and Sardinia . In a 2010 report the group highlighted the large number of ships in the area and says it has spoken to cruise companies about the risk of pollution from their ships . Greenpeace Pelagos report  in Italian "  If all this fuel is lost it is going to be a serious disaster , " said Greenpeace Pelagos expert Alessandro Gianni . "  Fuel oil is much worse than diesel . It 's sticky , very heavy . They must ensure they clean the tanks as fast as possible and then remove the shipwreck , " he said . Italian Environment Minister Corrado Clini told Italian newspaper La Repubblica : "  We have to hurry because if the weather changes the situation could get worse . We must protect our natural heritage and landscape . " Clini has already given backing to a plan to restrict cruise ships in the Venetian lagoon and said in an interview with La Stampa that he would consider a levy on passengers to protect the coastline . Greenpeace is particularly concerned about the Mediterranean fin whales which it says spend the winter off the northern coast of Africa and then migrate to summer feeding ground inside the sanctuary . They are the second longest whale in the ocean after the blue whale , and the International Whaling Commission has previously reported concern about the high number of collisions with ships . "  If there is pollution this could have a big effect on the migration of the whales , " said Gianni . Costa chairman and chief executive Pier Luigi Foschi confirmed that the vessel is carrying 2,300 tons of oil , split between heavy fuel oil and gas oil . "  It is in a sea we want to protect , " he said . "  We are taking steps to avoid environmental issues . " In a statement , Costa Cruises said : "  We have engaged the services of a worldwide leader , a specialized salvage company to develop an action plan and help establish a protection perimeter around the ship . " A company spokesman added : "  The main risk is the fuel . We are not aware of any leakage . At the moment we are not aware of any other contents which could be a problem . " The search for survivors and victims was suspended on Monday because the ship began to move . Greenpeace is concerned that other toxic substance that may be on board -- such as lubricants and paints -- could spill into the sea and get into the food chain .	The Costa Concordia , which grounded off Giglio , contains more than 2,000 of tons of oil Giglio is in the Pelagos Sanctuary for Mediterranean Marine Mammals which was set up in 2002 Greenpeace fears that there will be an environmental disaster if the oil leaks Costa Cruises has employed an expert salvage team to try to protect the sea
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Jonathon Levine was a fiercely ambitious 25-year-old with a Masters degree -- but stuck in a dead end job . This is not how it was meant to be for a boy raised in New York City , nourished on the American dream that hard work and a good education would bring rewards and riches . So what did he do ? He left . After researching job vacancies abroad , an opportunity in reclusive North Korea grabbed his attention . Deciding his ambitions did n't stretch that far , Levine settled on a teaching job at Beijing 's Tsinghua University instead . "  In the  United  States everyone is so mopey -- it is the end of the world , no jobs , and income inequality is through the roof . We 're back to the gilded age in the U.S , " he said . Fact Check : China tire case I met Levine in the crowded Tsinghua campus cafeteria . He 's had to get used to a lot in a short time . But he 's getting to grips with the language and can now order exotic new local food . "  You could say it has been a long march , " he said . He is part of a new generation waking up to a new reality . America is no longer the land of opportunity . China is . While people like Levine get it , U.S. politicians seem bent on casting China as the bad guy . Beijing is accused of keeping its currency low to win an export advantage and steal American jobs . The China bashing moved to center stage in the second U.S. presidential debate . Both candidates tried to score points against each other by getting tough on China . "  China has been a currency manipulator for years and years and years . And the president has a regular opportunity to label them as a currency manipulator , but refuses to do so . On day one , I will label China a currency manipulator , " proclaimed Republican Mitt Romney . What questions were n't answered in the debate ? In response , President Barack Obama , looking far more engaged than he did during the first debate , said Romney was the last person to get tough on China , accusing him of sending jobs to Asia during his business career . "  Governor Romney talked about China , as I already indicated . In the private sector , Governor Romney 's company invested in what were called pioneers of outsourcing . That 's not my phrase . That 's what reporters called it , " Obama said . "  And as far as currency manipulation , the currency has actually gone up 11 % since I 've been president because we have pushed them hard . And we 've put unprecedented trade pressure on China . "  That 's why exports have significantly increased under my presidency . That 's going to help to create jobs here . " After a softly-softly approach at the beginning of his administration , Obama has switched tack . He 's pivoted U.S. geostrategic policy towards Asia after a decade of war in Iraq and Afghanistan . While some countries express concern about the intentions of a more powerful and assertive China , the United States is bolstering its relationships in the region . It is boosting its military presence by carrying out military exercises with allies Japan and South Korea , while some U.S troops have been placed on Australian soil at a new base near the northern city of Darwin . Many China watchers have couched this as an attempt to block the emerging super power 's rise . China 's Foreign Ministry has said U.S politicians need to treat China fairly and that in the interests of security the relationship needs to be based on trust . Checking candidates ' facts on foreign policy Ahead of a visit to Asia by U.S. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton last month , an editorial in the state-run Chinese Global Times newspaper claimed "  many Chinese people dislike Hillary Clinton . "  She has brought new and extremely profound mutual distrust between the mainstream societies of the two countries . " One of the sources of this hostility has been Washington 's perceived interference in maritime disputes with China 's neighbors in the region . During her recent visit , Clinton urged those involved in the various territorial disputes to "  begin to engage in a diplomatic process toward the shared goal of a code of conduct . " While Chinese officials responded diplomatically by saying that "  freedom of navigation and safety in the South China Sea is assured , " another editorial in the Global Times was more scathing , saying it hoped Clinton "  can reflect upon the deep harm she is bringing to the Sino-U.S. relationship in the last few months before she leaves office and try to make up for it . " For her part , Clinton has stressed the importance of deepening bilateral ties . "  As we continue to expand our work on the consequential issues of our time , we must continue to build on this historic opportunity to deepen our relationship , because a thriving China is good for America and a thriving America is good for China , " she said in a goodwill message to mark China 's National Day on October 1 . Meanwhile , Levine is watching all of this unfold as he teaches his students about the United States , the country he 's left behind . He says it is misguided to fear China . "  It 's not like going to the moon , like it might have been a hundred years ago because communication links us much closer together . " For him this is a new world , interdependent with China as a rapidly emerging new axis of power . And for people like he used to be -- back home and struggling -- he has some only half-joking advice . "  Get out , get out , leave everyone behind you . " Global reaction to final debate : Disappointment	Grant : America is no longer the land of opportunity -- China is Romney , Obama attempt to score points in debate by bashing China Romney : "  On day one I will label China a currency manipulator " Obama : "  We 've put unprecedented trade pressure on China "
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad indicated Monday he might consider a halt in fighting in the city of Aleppo to allow U.N. humanitarian aid into the beleaguered city , according to Syrian state-run SANA news agency . Aleppo is Syria 's largest city , and rebels fighting the al-Assad regime still have a strong hold in parts of the city . Isis is also a threat in areas outside of Aleppo . Al-Assad met Monday in Damascus with U.N. envoy Staffan de Mistura to discuss a U.N. proposal for a fighting "  freeze , " which was first presented to the U.N. Security Council last month . A U.N. statement called the meeting a "  constructive " discussion . The plan "  merits consideration , " al-Assad said after the meeting , according to the Syrian state-run news agency SANA . Aleppo would only be the first local "  freeze " in Syria under the U.N. plan . "  The proposed ` freezes ' as envisaged by the United Nations are intended first and foremost to lead to a de-escalation of violence , starting from specific areas with a national impact , and allow for return to some normalcy for the civilians caught in the conflict , " the U.N Statement said .	Bashar al-Assad says a UN plan to "  freeze " fighting in Aleppo "  merits consideration " UN plan calls for local "  freeze " zones to allow humanitarian aid UN envoy calls talks with al-Assad "  constructive " Parts of Aleppo are still a stronghold for Syrian rebels
Only a few people would feel at ease to send Hillary Clinton cartoon clippings . Diane Blair was one of them . Throughout much of Bill Clinton 's eight years in the White House , Blair -- a political science professor and longtime Clinton friend -- exchanged political and humor cartoons with the first lady . Nothing , it seemed , was too small or inconsequential to send back and forth . In May 1996 , Hillary Clinton clipped a "  Mixed Media " cartoon and sent it to Blair and her husband , Jim , with a note that read , "  It is rare that I can send you a comic strip you and Jim have n't seen -- but this one is too good not to share . " It showed a cow lying on a psychologist 's chair with a thought bubble reading , "  I 'm not a mad cow . ... I just have issues ... " -- a reference to the mad cow scare at the time and the criticism of Hillary Clinton 's role in her husband 's failed health care reform effort in his first term . Romney : Hillary Clinton wo n't be judged by her husband 's legacy In the reliably loyal and closely protective Clinton inner circle , Blair was a power center for most of the former first lady 's life . She counseled Clinton -- her friend since 1972 -- during the failed push for health care reform and was there for her through her husband 's affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky . She had the first lady 's ear on everything from Supreme Court nominees to relations with Capitol Hill . During all of these exchanges , Blair took copious notes and kept a sporadic diary of her interactions with the Clinton White House . Those documents , which were donated to the University of Arkansas after Blair 's death in 2000 , give an unguarded and detailed view into Clinton 's life . CNN reached out to Clinton 's office for comment about the documents , but a spokesman did not respond . Inside Politics : Eleanor Roosevelt 's advice for Hillary Clinton The comfort of old friends The documents also show Blair 's relationship with Clinton was one of trust , love and the comfort of old friends . Blair was born in Washington in 1938 and raised in the District until she went to Cornell University for a political science degree . She came back to Washington after graduation and worked as a legislative secretary and speechwriter for Sen. Stuart Symington of Missouri . Aside from a love of politics , both Clinton and Blair were Arkansas transplants , moving to the state because of the men they married . Clinton on critics : ` Do n't get dragged down ' In 1963 , Blair married Hugh Kincaid , a member of the Arkansas Legislature , and the couple settled in Fayetteville , where Blair taught political science at the University of Arkansas . Skip Rutherford , a close friend of both women , called Blair a "  very welcoming person . " Rutherford , who is mentioned throughout Blair 's documents , is now dean of the University of Arkansas Clinton School of Public Service in Little Rock . "  When you were around her , you knew the conversation was going to be exhilarating , " he said . In "  Living History , " Clinton 's 2003 memoir , the former first lady described Blair as the "  closest friend " she had during those early years in northwest Arkansas . "  We played tennis and traded favorite books , " Clinton wrote . "  Diane regularly met for lunch in the Student Union " to "  share stories and gossip . " The fact that Blair and Clinton had arrived in Fayetteville by fate led her to call it "  Fate-ville " in notes to Clinton . The Clintons and Blairs shared many of their most important moments together . After Diane and her first husband divorced , she married James Blair , a lawyer at Tysons Food , in 1979 . Then-Gov . Bill Clinton performed their marriage and Hillary was the "  best person , " as Clinton described in her book . Jim and Diane Blair stayed at the White House on the Clintons ' first night there in 1993 . And when the Democratic Party renominated Clinton in 1996 , Blair was in the skybox with Hillary Clinton 's family and closest friends . An unguarded look into the Clintons Blair 's documents give an unguarded look into the lives of Hillary and Bill Clinton , from Bill Clinton 's days as Arkansas governor and rising Democratic star to the couple 's time in the White House , warts and all . Blair wrote in her diary that Hillary Clinton called Monica Lewinsky , the White House intern who nearly brought down her husband 's presidency , a "  narcissistic loony toon . " Hillary Clinton defended her husband 's adultery by saying it was caused , partly , because "  the ugly forces started making up hateful things about them , pounding on them . " Blair also noted a 1994 conversation in which the first lady asked her for advice on "  how best to preserve her general memories of the administration and of health care in particular . " When asked why she wanted to keep the documents , Clinton replied , "  Revenge . " Confidante 's diary : Hillary wanted to preserve records for ` revenge ' During all of these times , Blair used her background as a historian and a researcher to document her interactions with Clinton . She kept fastidious notes , and her journal entries were incredibly detailed . Her boxes of documents are chock-full of White House letterhead , invites to Washington parties and internal campaign memos . Blair worked on both of Bill Clinton 's presidential campaigns , and throughout much of it , the historian would document the ups and downs in polls , the stories that critiqued him and the positive moments the campaign experienced . After the 1992 race , Blair received permission to interview most of the campaign staff for a possible book , and now historians at the University of Arkansas are cataloging the interviews for an oral history collection . An inside view of a presidential campaign "  What you really do get is this inside view of a political campaign , " said Andrew Dowdle , the political science professor overseeing the oral history project . "  It is one of those really interesting situations where you have somebody that is an academic who is obviously thinking about the historical record about what is happening and at the same time is Hillary Clinton 's best friend . " Blair papers offer insight into Hillary Clinton In a sign of the times , Blair clipped magazine and newspaper stories about the Clintons . In the 16 boxes of documents housed at the University of Arkansas , dozens of folders were filled with newspaper clippings from Bill Clinton 's time as governor and president . A Time magazine cover story was folded among those from Arkansas newspapers . These clippings also regularly made their way to the White House , where Blair 's letters were expedited to go right to the Clintons and not to the White House correspondence office . After news of what Blair 's notes revealed emerged last week , some columnists questioned her motivation for allowing the notes to be released . "  One might at least wonder whether Blair told Hillary she was taking notes that she would release posthumously , " The Washington Post 's Kathleen Parker wrote . "  That 's certainly one form of life insurance . But would n't it have been more close-friendish to wait until all parties concerned were enjoying the hereafter before publishing notes that could damage the living ? " Friends in Arkansas close to both Clinton and Blair reject that notion , with one saying there was nothing "  sinister or Machiavellian about the notes that everyone are interested in . " "  I do n't buy it . Knowing them both , I do n't buy it , " said Rutherford , the dean at the Clinton School of Public Service . "  I think her motive was history and political science . " He added , "  These are just two ordinary human beings , both brilliant , both smart , but who are above all personal buddies . " Hillary Clinton was a supporter of making the Blair records public in 2010 . Blair 's "  contributions will grow and live on , enlarging our understanding of history , politics and culture , " Clinton said then . "  I hope also that some young scholar will come along and write the story of Diane , " she said . "  We miss her still but this , along with so many of her contributions to us , lives on . " In May 2000 , Blair was diagnosed with lung cancer . That year , the University of Arkansas awarded her an honorary doctor of laws degree , and she spoke at the commencement . Blair died a little more than a month after learning of her illness . She left behind her husband and two children . "  The tragic part in all this is that she got sick and she died , and the process was left unfulfilled , " Rutherford said . "  It is tragedy for history , for Arkansas , and it is a personal tragedy for her friends . "	Longtime friend kept fastidious records of all things Clinton Diane Blair 's papers give insight into Bill Clinton 's campaigns , Hillary Clinton 's thinking Hillary Clinton considered Blair , who died in 2000 , one of her closest friends
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Justice Department prosecutors are moving closer to seeking indictments for a small number of Blackwater security guards in connection with the deadly shootings of 17 Iraqi civilians in 2007 . A woman walks past a burned car in September 2007 after an incident involving Blackwater security guards . Sources close to the investigation say senior officials are weighing proposed grand jury indictments against as few as two to as many as six guards on criminal charges to be determined . The sources say final decisions would be presented to a federal grand jury at U.S. District Court in Washington . Iraqi authorities have accused Blackwater guards of killing 17 civilians and wounding nearly 30 in the shootings . But Blackwater has repeatedly said its guards were acting "  in response to a hostile threat , " a statement repeated by company spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell in August . The deadly 2007 incident heightened tensions between U.S. and Iraqi government officials and contributed to a protracted , ongoing debate over the extent of immunity that U.S. military personnel and civilian contractors will have from Iraqi laws . Blackwater and other contractors are exempt from Iraqi law and it remains uncertain whether U.S. laws apply to their actions abroad . Although indictments may be approved by officials of the Bush administration Justice Department , any trial would be carried out in 2009 by prosecutors under President-elect Barack Obama 's Justice Department , which may have a different view of the complex legal issues presented by the case . CNN Executive Producer Suzanne Simons contributed to this report .	Anywhere from two to six guards could be charged in connection with deaths of Iraqis Iraqi authorities say guards killed 17 civilians and wounded nearly 30 in 2007 Charges have yet to be determined Incident heightened debate over immunity that contractors have from Iraqi law
It was with a call for the protection of the weakest in society that Francis was officially inaugurated Tuesday as the Catholic Church 's 266th pontiff , before a crowd of tens of thousands bathed in sunlight . Giving his homily before the throngs in St. Peter 's Square , Francis showed the humility and concern for ordinary people that have been noted since he became the first Latin American to be elected pope six days ago . What do you think about the new pope ? Tell us Before he spoke , he was given the official symbols of his papacy : a lamb 's wool shawl , to represent his role as "  the good shepherd , " and the Fisherman 's Ring , to represent his role of spreading the gospel . The ring is not solid gold like that of his predecessors , but made of gold-plated silver -- again reflecting his desire for simplicity . The pope delivered his homily in Italian , rooted in a message of looking after the poor and sick , as well as the natural world . He reflected first on the symbolism of the date : this is the day that Catholics celebrate the Feast of St. Joseph to honor Jesus ' father on Earth , the carpenter Joseph . Francis spoke of Joseph 's role in protecting not only Jesus and Mary , but also the church . He spoke too of the need to protect "  all creation , the beauty of the created world " as instructed by the Bible and shown by St. Francis of Assisi , whose name he took as pope . This , he said , "  means respecting each of God 's creatures and respecting the environment in which we live . It means protecting people , showing loving concern for each and every person , especially children , the elderly , those in need , who are often the last we think about . " Catholics : 5 ways for Francis to move forward He warned of the consequences if people do not look after one another . "  Whenever human beings fail to live up to this responsibility , whenever we fail to care for creation and for our brothers and sisters , the way is opened to destruction and hearts are hardened . " And he urged those in power to live up to their duties , and to all to avoid evil , hatred and pride . "  I would like to ask all those who have positions of responsibility in economic , political and social life , and all men and women of goodwill : Let us be ` protectors ' of creation , protectors of God 's plan inscribed in nature , protectors of one another and of the environment , " he said . Kissing babies After his homily , 500 priests dispensed communion to the throngs of locals , pilgrims , tourists and dignitaries gathered for the historic occasion . Between 150,000 and 200,000 people turned out in and around St. Peter 's Square , said the Rev. Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman . Police in the area told CNN there were fewer people than expected but declined to give an estimate . Pope Francis earlier made his way into the square atop an open-top vehicle , spending 17 minutes circling among the crowds in bright sunshine . He wore the simple iron cross that he 's had since he was appointed bishop and that he had on when he first appeared to the world as pope . And he chose black shoes rather than the red ones favored by Benedict XVI . When the gathered faithful held up babies and young children for him to kiss , he obliged . He also stepped out of his sport utility vehicle to kiss the head of a man with a physical disability . Even though at least a dozen security officers in suits walked alongside the SUV as he circled the square , his decision to bypass the Popemobile , which his last two predecessors used , was telling . The Mercedes Benz G-Class SUV afforded him the kind of direct contact with people he has embraced since becoming pope . Had he been in the Popemobile , he would have been behind bulletproof glass , which was installed in 1981 after an assassination attempt on John Paul II . Filipino priest and CNN iReporter Joel Camaya , who was among those in St. Peter 's Square , was enthralled by the spectacle , and the contrasting humility , of the newly elected pontiff . "  The Pope spoke with such passion and force that the words exuded life and thus , as he spoke , there were instances of spontaneous applause , " he said . "  In the piazza , people who have n't even known each other exchanged smiles , happy that they belonged to one big family . " Francis called his predecessor , Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI , Monday afternoon to wish him well on the day of the Feast of St. Joseph and to thank him again for his service . Benedict , in turn , said he had been following the events since Francis ' selection closely and assured his closeness in prayer . Pope 's sister prayed he would n't be picked ; now she 's proud Style or substance ? The Mass which inaugurated Francis as bishop of Rome and marked the official start of his papacy was short , lasting about two hours . This was in keeping with the spirit of simplicity embraced by the new pontiff , the Vatican said before the occasion . Francis has already made an impression as a pope of the people who is concerned about the welfare of the poor . But he inherits a church wracked by a decades-old sexual abuse scandal and claims of corruption in the clergy . Monsignor Kevin Irwin told CNN the Catholic Church probably would not have to wait long before the changes in style already seen under Francis become changes in substance . "  It comes down to personnel , " he said . "  The personnel changes you make in any corporation make all the difference . Leadership matters -- but then who are the other people who help implement his program ? " The Vatican said Saturday that Francis had provisionally confirmed members of the Vatican hierarchy in their positions , but would take time to reflect before any final appointments are confirmed . Irwin said he believes the key changes are likely to come in the late spring or early summer . Francis , as a member of the Jesuit order , "  gets into things " and is tenacious , he said . "  This is a ` take-charge ' pope , I would say . " Pope 's openness to keep guards on their toes World figures Back in St. Peter 's Basilica , the newly installed bishop of Rome greeted the dignitaries who had flocked from around the world to attend the inauguration Mass. . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , from Francis ' native Argentina , was the first head of state to step up . Vice President Joe Biden , leading the U.S. presidential delegation , was also among those to meet the 76-year-old pope , as was Zimbabwe 's controversial President Robert Mugabe . Mugabe is subject to a European Union travel ban but allowed to visit the continent for religious events and international conferences . Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone -- effectively the Vatican 's prime minister -- was at the pope 's side as , standing , he gave his greetings for close to an hour and a half . The formal encounters over , Francis then went to the barriers around the sides of the basilica to greet priests , nuns and other well-wishers . In his first tweet after his inauguration on the @Pontifex account , Pope Francis said : "  Let us keep a place for Christ in our lives , let us care for one another and let us be loving custodians of creation . " He then tweeted again : "  True power is service . The Pope must serve all people , especially the poor , the weak , the vulnerable . " Argentines watch Mass Back in Francis ' home city , the Argentinian capital , Buenos Aires , the faithful packed the main square to watch the event on large screens set up throughout the Plaza de Mayo . According to the state-run newspaper Telam , a telephone call Francis had made from the Vatican was played to all present , saying : "  Thanks for the prayers . " He added , "  Let us be aware of one another , care for life , nature , children and old people , " before concluding by asking those present to pray for him . Groups also gathered in other cities throughout Argentina to watch the early morning Mass , Telam reported . The event in St. Peter 's Square was attended by 132 delegations from around the world , including six reigning sovereigns and 31 heads of state . Bergoglio 's journey to top of the church Those delegations are among scores from nations and international organizations traveling to the Vatican , led by heads of states and governments . European Union leaders Jose Manuel Barroso and Herman Van Rompuy were among those present . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi accompanied Biden in the U.S. delegation , the White House said . On Friday , House Speaker John Boehner , a Republican , said he would send a separate bipartisan congressional delegation . Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York , in a letter sent to Francis on Tuesday , offered the "  deep affection , prayerful support and sincere pledge of fidelity " of the U.S. bishops and more than 70 million Catholics in the country . Also at the Vatican were groups from the Americas , including Brazil , Chile , Mexico and Canada , and from European nations such as Italy , Holland , Belgium and Germany . Representatives from across Christianity -- Eastern and Western -- were also present , along with members of other religions , including Judaism , Islam , Buddhism , Sikhism and Jainism . This is also one of the busiest times of the year on the Christian calendar , which will mean many public appearances for the new pontiff . Less than a week away is Palm Sunday , the holiday that kicks off Holy Week , which culminates in Easter celebrations . The Vatican press office said Francis will also have one other task to keep him busy : figuring out "  how to answer the millions of e-mail messages that have already been received , despite the fact that he still does n't have an official address . " Pope Francis breaks with tradition	The newly inaugurated pope already has millions of e-mails to answer , Vatican says Pope tweets : "  True power is service . The Pope must serve all people , especially the poor " Argentina 's president is the first head of state to greet Francis after the Mass Pope circles St. Peter 's Square in an open-top vehicle , not surrounded by bulletproof glass
CNN  -- A University of Oklahoma professor has been suspended amid allegations of sexual abuse , school police said Tuesday . "  OU officials acted swiftly to suspend  Dwain Pellebon  from any contact with students and from use of any university facilities , " said Catherine Bishop of the university police department . "  In accordance with university procedure , he was immediately placed on administrative leave with pay until more of the facts of the investigation are known at which time it could be changed to without pay . " The 54-year-old associate professor teaches social work . Norman police arrested him Friday on two complaints of rape in the first degree and one complaint of lewd acts with a child under age 16 , CNN affiliate KFOR reported . Official charges have not been filed . "  We can say there is one alleged victim , and we are working to determine if there are any additional victims , " Tom Easley with the Norman Police Department said , according to KFOR . An attorney for Pellebon told KFOR that his client denies all the allegations against him . The university 's web page says Pellebon teaches a course on human sexuality , described as "  an examination of sexual behavior , gender differences and sexual values . " CNN 's Joe Sutton and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Norman , Oklahoma , police say the professor was arrested last week Dwain Pellebon , 54 , is an associate professor of social work He faces two complaints of rape in the first degree , one complaint of lewd acts with a child
CNN  -- Egypt 's presidential race has been a political roller coaster . After banning 10 candidates earlier this month , the country 's election commission banned and unbanned this week yet another well-known candidate , former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq , although the constitutional court is still reviewing that decision . The remaining front-runners for president speak a similar language on the need for economic reform and political transition , but they hold very different positions on the role of Islam in a new Egypt . In this sense , the presidential election will be an important indicator of how much weight Egyptians give to Islam as a factor in their political life . It will not be the only factor in their decision , which will no doubt turn on questions of personality and name recognition as much as anything . But a vote for a candidate with more conservative Islamist leanings -- and there is evidence of strong support for such candidates -- will likely influence the writing of the constitution , with potential for a long-lasting impact on the rights of minorities and women in particular . With only a month until the vote , and with the slate of potential candidates in such flux , it is not surprising that concerns are growing about the credibility and fairness of the elections . The recent disqualifications of former intelligence chief Omar Suleiman , Salafist preacher Hazem Salah Abu Ismail , and the Muslim Brotherhood 's Khairat el Shater have fueled charges that Egypt 's military rulers are trying to manipulate the election from behind the scenes to deliver a candidate suitable to their interests . According to the latest Al Ahram poll , conducted after the disqualification of Suleiman , Abu Ismail , and el-Shater , the front-runner now is clearly Amr Moussa , with support among voters of roughly 40 % . Moussa is very likely the military 's choice at this point . A former diplomat who served as secretary general of the Arab League , he is an establishment figure who has vowed to give the military a voice in key policy decisions through a national security council that would include top military officers . Moussa 's election , however , is far from a done deal . The big swing factor is the Islamist vote . Moussa , a secularist , has said that Egypt can not afford an "  experiment " in Islamic democracy at this time . Yet more than 70 % of voters in the parliamentary election last fall opted for Islamist candidates . With the rejection of el-Shater , the Muslim Brotherhood candidate is now Mohamed Morsi , 60 , who represents the older , more conservative wing of the Brotherhood and openly endorses a strict Islamic vision , which will appeal to the Salafist vote . Morsi has called for a council of Islamic scholars to review whether state laws are in accordance with Sharia law , although he has said the council 's decisions need not be binding . El-Shater , in contrast , stuck to a pragmatic , economic-oriented message and stressed his support for tolerance and democracy . Voters will likely find the Brotherhood 's claims of support for pluralism less plausible under Morsi 's banner . But the Brotherhood has strongly thrown its weight behind Morsi , telling its broad base of followers that they must vote for him , and many will do so . The other leading Islamist is Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh , a charismatic doctor who rose to national attention in 1977 when he publicly chastised former President Anwar el-Sadat at a public forum at Cairo University . Aboul Fotouh , popular among the younger generation of Muslim Brotherhood members , has over the years become increasingly critical of the Brotherhood 's conservative stances . When the party published a platform in 2007 , drafted by Mohamed Morsi , Aboul Fotouh spoke out against controversial provisions excluding non-Muslims and women from the presidency . In 2009 , Aboul Fotouh was purged from his leadership position in the Brotherhood . He was kicked out of the party last year when he declared his candidacy for president . Although Aboul Fotouh remains an Islamist , on the stump he focuses on justice and pragmatic economic issues and appears dismissive of talk of Islamic law . Despite all the political turmoil , it seems likely that Egypt 's election will go forward next month , and voters will be faced with relatively clear choices . While it is possible that Islamist voters will throw their weight behind Amr Moussa , perhaps out of name recognition or in hopes of a return to stability , others will inevitably lean toward an Islamist candidate . A vote for Mohamed Morsi will consolidate the Brotherhood 's political influence , which could translate into a constitution with weaker provisions for protection of minority and women 's rights . If Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh emerges as the winner , it will be a sign that Egyptians are interested in a more pluralistic agenda within an Islamic framework . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Isobel Coleman .	Isobel Coleman says Egyptian vote a roller coaster ; unclear how big a role Islam will play Military 's disqualifications of candidates raise question about election 's fairness , she says She says secularist Amir Moussa , a front-runner , faces challenge from Islamist candidate Coleman : Votes for Muslim Brotherhood 's Morsi could mean trouble for minorities , women
CNN  -- Maybe there 's something in the snow up in Minnesota . That hearty Midwestern state consistently has the highest rate of voter participation in the country . In 2008 , 78 % of eligible people voted in the presidential election , according to an analysis from George Mason University . That number masks an amazing fact : Some districts of Minnesota turn out more than 90 % of the eligible population , according to Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie . None of that seems out of the ordinary to Ritchie , whose office handles elections . In fact , he says the state should do more -- that statewide voter participation should be as near to 100 % as possible . Change the List Tumblr : Where does your state rank ? "  We 're happy . We 're proud . We stand up and shout , " he told me by phone , referring to the state 's top rank in voting . "  But an average means there 's some above and some below  the average  . Like every place , our young adults vote in a lower percentage than older adults . And we 've discovered that 's because there are more barriers for them , and we 're working to tear down those barriers . " The state already has torn down plenty . I 'm looking to Minnesota for solutions to low voter participation in other states . I recently visited Hawaii because the Aloha State had the absolute lowest rate of participation in the 2008 election . Less than half of eligible people voted . As the Pew Charitable Trusts ' election expert David Becker told me , what works for one state may not work for another . Still , it makes sense to at least consider a few things Minnesota is doing right . "  I do think it 's worthwhile for the states to experiment , " Becker said . With that caveat in mind , here are five factors that likely contribute to Minnesota 's status as a voting paradise . Take a look and let me know what you think in the comments section below . 1 . Same-day voter registration : Americans who want to vote should be able to decide that on Election Day . That 's true in Minnesota , where you can walk into your polling place , register and cast a ballot -- all at the same time . It 's not true in many states , where voter registration closes days or weeks before Election Day . Research shows that states with same-day registration have turnout rates 5 % to 7 % higher than those that do n't , according to Michael McDonald at George Mason University . The drawback , some would argue , is an increased risk of voter fraud . Ritchie , the Minnesota secretary of state , told me that has n't posed a real threat , and the state has been using the system since the 1970s . "  Imagine you 're registering a voter that 's standing in front of you versus registering someone through a form in the mail . Which one of those has more integrity ? Obviously the person who is standing in front of you . " The state checks on Election-Day registrations against computer databases the next day to catch duplicates , he said . 2 . Civic culture : It 's harder to quantify , but Minnesota 's civic-minded culture may play a role in its high turnout . About 38 % of Minnesotans volunteer , putting it third in the country , according to the federal government . Ritchie told me people in Minnesota take pride in their state -- and they see voting as part of their civic duty . Becker and McDonald pointed to this factor , too , noting that it could be why the state implements laws designed to encourage high rates of voter participation . "  Minnesotans take pride in the fact that they are always in the top in turnout , " Becker said . 3 . Raising awareness : The fact that people see voting as part of their civic duty may be no accident . Minnesota has programs that encourage young people to volunteer as polling place monitors before they 're eligible to vote . Schools use voting machines for high school elections -- like those for prom king and queen -- so that kids are familiar with the process . The state 's Vote in Honor of a Veteran campaign asks people to wear a sticker that has the name of a loved one who fought for the right to vote in this country . Ritchie wears one in honor of his dad , a Marine in World War II . 4 . No voter ID laws : For now , at least , the state has few barriers to voting . That could change if a proposed amendment to the state 's constitution passes in November . The amendment would require voters who cast ballots in person to present a government photo ID or cast a certified provisional ballot . One consequence , as Ritchie writes in the Minn Post , is that voters may not be able to register and vote on the same day . That could have a negative impact on voter participation . The benefits of making it easy for people to register and vote outweigh the risks of fraud . 5 . A vibrant political scene : Close and contentious elections can boost turnout , and Minnesota has had plenty of those in recent years . The state is home to polarizing politicians like Michele Bachmann and Al Franken . Additionally , according to Ritchie , it has seven "  functioning political parties , " meaning there 's little reason to feel disenfranchised . Remember governor/wrestler Jesse Ventura ? He ran as a Reform Party candidate -- and won . In Hawaii , by comparison , all levels of political life are more or less dominated by the Democrats , giving some voters the sense their votes do n't matter .	Minnesota has the highest voter turnout rate in the country Same-day voter registration accounts for some of the state 's lead The state also has a hearty , civic-minded culture
London  CNN  -- A British Airways employee was found guilty Monday of four terror-related charges , including plotting to blow up an airplane , a court in London said . Rajib Karim , 31 , worked as a software engineer for British Airways in the northern English city of Newcastle . He used his position to pass on information to al Qaeda 's affiliate in Yemen , including to U.S.-born radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , jurors in the four-week-long trial in London were told . Karim , who was arrested last year , admitted offering himself for terrorist operations , making a jihadi recruitment video and fundraising for terrorism , but denied knowing that information he gave al-Awlaki would be used for terrorism . Prosecutors said he passed on information that would have been useful for terrorists plotting to blow up a plane and also information that could have been used to help plan a "  disruptive " cyber attack on British Airways . Al-Awlaki is thought to be hiding out in Yemen , and was recently described by U.S. President Barack Obama 's counterterror chief , Michael Leiter , as posing a bigger threat to the U.S. homeland than Osama bin Laden . A key part of the prosecution case was a series of heavily encrypted messages between al-Awlaki and Karim , in which al-Awlaki pressed for information about Karim 's job and his knowledge of airport security . "  I pray that Allah may grant us a breakthrough through you ... can you please specify your role in the airline industry , how much access do you have to airports , what information do you have on the limitations and cracks in present airport security systems ? " Karim replied : "  The kuffar  a derogatory term for non-Muslims  are planning to install full body scanners across UK airports . This allows them to see things under clothes . " But he warned al-Awlaki to be realistic : "  You are probably hoping that I work at the airport , but the fact is I do n't . I personally know two brothers , one who works in baggage handling at Heathrow and another who works in airport security . Both are good practising brothers and sympathize towards the cause of the mujahedeen . " Replying , al-Awlaki got straight to the point : "  Our highest priority is the U.S. Anything there , even on a smaller scale compared to what we may do in the UK , would be our choice . So the question is : with the people you have is it possible to get a package or person with a package on board a flight heading to the U.S. ? " Karim , who was born in Bangladesh and is now a British citizen , had been in the UK three years at that point , prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw said . CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said this communication confirmed what U.S. intelligence officials had been saying for some time : "  This trial has presented Awlaki not only as the charismatic driving force behind al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula but also a key operational figure in the group , a guy who is orchestrating plots against the West . " The exchange of messages took place in January 2010 and February 2010 , just weeks after AQAP was blamed for a failed bomb attack on a Delta Airlines transatlantic flight from Amsterdam to Detroit . Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , a 23-year-old Nigerian man , had trained with AQAP in Yemen before attempting to detonate explosives sewn into his underpants , according to U.S. officials . AQAP has also been widely blamed by western intelligence officials for twin foiled attacks on cargo aircraft last October . One device , hidden in a printer cartridge and described as "  viable " by British officials , was uncovered on a UPS plane after it landed at East Midlands airport in the United Kingdom . The other -- also hidden in a printer cartridge - was found on a FedEx plane at Dubai airport . British investigators say they have no evidence that links Karim to either of these plots . They describe him as "  dedicated to the terrorist cause , " though they say there was no imminent danger of him launching an attack himself . Police have also refused to say where the original tip-off about Karim came from , saying only , "  We had some information that made him of interest to us . " Karim is due to be sentenced March 18 .	Rajib Karim gave information to radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , a court finds Al-Awlaki was seeking to blow up a plane in the United States , decrypted e-mails show Karim admitted to other terror-related charges He will be sentenced March 18
