CNN  -- South African police are investigating abuse allegations at the Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy , the talk-show host 's $ 40 million school for disadvantaged girls near Johannesburg . Oprah Winfrey , who founded the school this year , has apologized in connection with the incident . Investigators declined to provide details of the alleged abuse and said no charges have been filed . The academy 's CEO , John Samuel , said in a statement earlier this month that an internal inquiry was launched based on a claim of misconduct involving a dormitory parent . According to an article in The Cape Argus , a Cape Town newspaper , the dorm parent allegedly grabbed a pupil by the throat and threw her against a wall , the girl claimed . Girls at the school also claimed that the matron swore and screamed at the girls and assaulted them , the newspaper reported Saturday . The newspaper said one of the pupils ran away from the school , blaming the alleged abuse . In an emergency meeting with pupils and parents at the school , Winfrey apologized in connection with the incident . "  I 've disappointed you . I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry , " she said tearfully , according to numerous South African media reports . Winfrey 's representatives said she flew to South Africa twice in October to meet with parents of girls at the academy , although they would not specify what the meetings were about . Previously , Winfrey -- who has spoken publicly about the abuse she suffered as a child -- issued a statement on October 17 saying , "  Nothing is more serious or devastating to me than an allegation of misconduct by an adult against any girl at the academy . " In the statement , Samuel said South African child protection services were notified and that the dorm parent was removed from the campus . "  We have engaged professional investigators of the highest standing from South Africa and the United States to conduct a fair and impartial inquiry into these claims , " the statement said . The school 's head has agreed to take a paid leave of absence pending the results of the investigation , although she is not the subject of the allegation , Samuel said . The national prosecuting authority is deciding whether or not criminal charges will be filed . In an October 23 statement , Samuel referred inquiries to the South African Child Protection Services Unit . The academy opened in January with a student body made up of some of South Africa 's poorest children . The academy provides its 450 students with textbooks , uniforms and meals . E-mail to a friend	Report : Student says dorm parent grabbed her by the throat Winfrey aides say she flew to South Africa twice to speak to parents , pupils Winfrey founded $ 40 million school in January to help disadvantaged girls
ALEXANDRIA , Egypt  CNN  -- "  Quick , I-V . " "  Is he breathing ? " "  Flip him over . " "  Heart rate ? Pulse ? " The nurses ' commands and questions filled the recovery room at an Egyptian hospital . Adnan Saleh 's "  after " photo . The tot from Egypt received surgery from Operation Smile to fix a cleft lip . Seven-month-old Adnan Saleh had just come out of surgery to fix a cleft lip . But suddenly his newly repaired mouth was filling with blood . The post-op nurses rushed to make sure he did n't choke . "  Mother ! We need a mama , " one of the male nurses shouted in his South African accent , once Adnan was stabilized . "  Speak to him ! " Adnan 's mother did what we 've all seen our own mothers do : pretend that she was n't crying . "  Habibi , habibi , " Ghada Saleh tried to say in as singsong-y a voice as she could muster , so Adnan would recognize her . "  My love , my love , " in Arabic . At the same time , she attempted to discern her only son behind the stitches on his nose and lip , and wires everywhere else . "  Adnan , Adnan ! It 's me , Mommy , " she bravely and desperately called out in Arabic . Just a moment earlier , I had come out of the operating room , running with the doctors and anesthesiologist to the recovery room , to tell his worried parents that everything had gone well and Adnan looked great . But now , this complication . His father 's usually jovial demeanor was stiff . Once the commotion started , he left the room . I could n't help but tear up . I would be lying if I said I had n't gotten attached to Adnan and his family . I had been following their entire journey of "  kissing his cleft lip goodbye " with the Operation Smile volunteers at their mission site in Alexandria , Egypt . I tried imagining what Adnan would have looked like without the surgery . Even with the cleft lip , he was "  Gerber baby " cute -- but what about when he grew up ? In countries like Egypt , people with cleft lips and/or palates are looked upon as "  cursed " and virtually shunned from society . "  I just want my son to have a chance , " Adnan 's father told me the first day we met . Mohammed Saleh and his pregnant wife waited for hours for their turn with the Operation Smile doctors . The global rate for cleft lip and/or palate is about 1 in 750 births . In the United States , we do n't think about the condition much because the surgery to repair it is routinely performed soon after a baby is born . But in Third World countries , the corrective surgery is expensive and hard to come by -- especially for families like the Salehs . Experience the sights and sounds of Adnan 's journey " "  Papa ! We need the father , " the nurse called out again , after Adnan had awakened . I pushed open stainless steel doors and motioned with my head . Saleh came back in , calmer and smelling of cigarettes . It was the "  after " moment . Adnan 's eyes were closed , his face was puffy from the medication , but his nose and mouth were aligned , like the real "  Gerber baby . " His parents quietly studied their son . After spending a week with this family , I thought I could read some of the wonder and fear in their eyes . Wonder at the possibility of what their son could now become , be it doctor , lawyer or policeman . Fear at the prospect of going through this journey again with the baby on the way . The doctors I spoke with do n't know exactly what causes the deformity . They point to genetic , environmental and nutritional factors . For example , they say in Third World countries , the lack of folic acid and the practice of intermarriage increase the likelihood of cleft lip and/or palate . Operation Smile focuses on the areas with the greatest need , from Bolivia to Bangladesh . The organization received a burst of publicity during the last presidential race : Republican nominee John McCain 's wife , Cindy , has volunteered at the organization since 2001  the couple 's youngest daughter , adopted from an orphanage in Dhaka , Bangladesh , was born with a cleft palate  . The doctors and nurses who volunteer their time and skill come from all over the world , pay their own way , are housed in places like military barracks  as we were  , and work long days through the screening , surgery and recovery process . Despite the long hours , hard work and rustic conditions , all the professionals I encountered woke up and went to bed with a smile , knowing they were giving these youngsters a chance to do the same . I left the hospital to go to the airport while the Salehs were still sleeping , together , on one hospital bed , in a room with five other families just like theirs . Since then , I 've received e-mail updates from Mohammed Saleh . "  Now he has the chance to do anything he wants , anything that makes him happy . The father is happy when the son is happy , " Saleh wrote , ending with a smiley-face emoticon .	Reporter volunteers for Operation Smile mission in Egypt ; meets Saleh family Son Adnan has cleft lip ; his parents are concerned that new baby will have it , too Salehs wait for hours for shot at surgery that would give Adnan a "  normal " life Operation Smile goes on missions to Third World countries to repair birth defects
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Sevket Sahintas works the night shift driving his taxi around Istanbul , Turkey , from midnight until dawn . Sevket Sahintas says he did n't know anything about photography when he began snapping photos . His route takes him past symbols of wealth old and new : the ornate carved stone gates of a 19th-century Ottoman sultan 's palace , the gleaming high-rises in the city 's rapidly growing financial district . Periodically , Sahintas stops his yellow cab not for customers , but for photos . Under a roaring overpass , he steps out of his vehicle and walks across the street to two homeless men who sleep huddled on the concrete under a blanket next to a half-finished plastic bottle of water . Sahintas pauses for a moment and presses a button on his small camera . A flash erupts , then he turns and walks slowly back to the car . In addition to being a cabbie , Sahintas is a self-taught photographer . He focuses his lens on the poorest segments of Istanbul 's society . Sahintas , who began driving a taxi when he was 19 , said he started taking photos five years ago when he began working the night shift . Watch Sahintas as he photographs street scenes " "  I saw people on the street in winter . They were cold at night , " he said . "  To make their voices heard , I wanted to buy a camera and show that these people are living in difficult conditions . That 's how it started . " Sahintas takes photos of homeless people , who often sleep barefoot in bus stops next to billboards where smiling models advertise everything from ice cream bars to credit cards . See the streets through Sahintas ' lens " "  I like to capture those contradictions , " he said . "  Happy smiling people on the ad boards beside that unhappy person who is trying to sleep . I want the happy people to see that minority and do something about it . " Sahintas also takes black-and-white portraits of the other characters who roam Istanbul 's streets at night : dirty street children , garbage pickers , transvestite prostitutes . Eventually , Sahintas ' nocturnal perspective on Turkey 's largest city began attracting attention , both at home and overseas . This month , an exhibit of his photos titled "  The Other Side of the Night , " is on display in an Istanbul gallery . "  Basically , we were amazed by his photos , " said Anna Heidenhain , one of the directors of Manzara Perspectives , the art program displaying Sahintas ' work . She compares his photographs to the social documentary form of photography that rose to prominence in the 1930s . iReport.com : Share your view of the world But Sahintas is the first to acknowledge he approached photography as an amateur . "  I did n't know anything about photography , " he said . "  I did n't know any technical terms , just an on and an off button . " He keeps an eye out for subjects while driving Istanbul 's winding streets . At 2 a.m. , he spotted a freelance garbage-picker patrolling Istanbul and hauling giant rolling carts through traffic . Sahintas stopped and met with the man , named Yasar , and offered him a cigarette . Yasar told Sahintas he scavenges packing paper and cardboard boxes from garbage bins for resale to private recycling companies . Working until dawn , he can make the equivalent of $ 7 a night to feed his family of six . "  We are struggling to earn enough money to buy bread , " Yasar said , before trundling off into the night with his cargo of paper , a lit cigarette hanging from his lips . This week Turkey , one of the world 's 20 wealthiest economies , is holding an annual meeting of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund . The delegates are expected to discuss ways to battle poverty and strategies to prevent a repeat of last year 's global economic crisis . But Sahintas disagrees with experts who rate economies based on gross domestic product . A country 's wealth "  should be related to how that money is distributed , " he said . "  If all the money is controlled by a few monopolies , I believe it shows a country 's poverty , not its wealth . " Sahintas ' work highlights the huge income gap in Turkish society . Even though the Turkish economy enjoyed steady growth for much of the past decade , the latest government statistics show that nearly one in five Turks live below the poverty line . During the past year , the economic crisis pummeled Turkey 's export-driven industries , pushing unemployment to record highs . The downturn has hit many Turks -- from Istanbul 's garbage-pickers , who say there is less useful trash to scavenge , to the city 's cabbies , who complain that fewer customers can afford their services . Still , at the station from where Sahintas operates his cab , taxi drivers are quick to heap praise on their colleague . "  We are proud of our friend . We like his pictures , as well , " Tolga Donmez said between glasses of steaming hot Turkish tea . "  He makes us want to learn new skills , as well . " Despite the attention , Sahintas does n't make enough money from his photos to earn a living . For that , the photographer has to work the night shift in his yellow cab .	Cabbie 's familiarity with cameras once consisted only of "  an on and an off button " Sevket Sahintas garnering attention for photos taken on his night shift Fellow cabbie says , "  He makes us want to learn new skills , as well " Sahintas wants Istanbul 's "  happy people " to see how cold , poor residents live
CNN  -- Sports stars seem to have it all -- from seven-figure salaries to big endorsement deals . But lately , what some do n't have is a good reputation . The NBA 's Dwyane Wade started a foundation to help inspire kids in at-risk situations . With the steroids controversy in baseball and drug allegations against the world 's greatest swimmer , many adoring fans may wonder , "  Where are the good guys in sports ? " Dwyane Wade of the Miami Heat is one of those good guys . He stays out of the controversy and insists that his fame should be used to help others . CNN 's Nicole Lapin talked to the NBA star about the foundation he started and his partnership with National Recess Week . The following is an edited transcript of the interview . Nicole Lapin : It feels like you 're getting paid for recess now . You 're 27 years old . Do you look at your paycheck sometimes and are like , "  I get paid for this ? Watch more of Nicole Lapin 's interview with Dwyane Wade " Dwyane Wade : First of all , to do something that you love , and to get compensated for something that you love at a very , very great rate , is unbelievable . And it 's something that a lot of kids dream of . They 've just got to have somebody who believes in them . And that 's something I 'm trying to do with being the spokesman for this Recess Week . Y' all need to get back out there . We need to get back out there with the kids and help them believe in themselves . Lapin : Some people see you as the role model . Who was your role model growing up ? Wade : You know , I had different role models growing up . Of course , I 'm from Chicago , so when it comes to sports and when it comes to basketball , Michael Jordan . No question about it . But , you know , on a personal level , I always looked at people that were close to me that were doing things . My sister was always a role model to me , just because of the way that she always helped kids . And even though we did n't have much , she always helped the ones that were less fortunate than us . And it 's something that just stuck with me . And it 's something that I 'm trying to do now . Lapin : So , as a role model , to take little kids wearing your jerseys and playing video games of you , do you take that seriously ? Wade : It 's still , you know , crazy to me when I see people wearing my jersey . I mean , just on a regular day . Not a game day . Just on a regular day walking down the street , see somebody with your name on their back . It 's like , wow . Or when you see yourself on video games . All that to me is still , you know , mind-blowing . And the main thing , the only thing you can do is try to go out and talk to kids . You try and tell them the importance of being you . You try and tell them the importance of being a certain way . You try and give them the message that a lot of people gave you . Lapin : In 2003 , you started Wade 's World to help those kids , to talk to those kids . Because you were never talked to when you were growing up . Wade : Yes , yes . I never was . It may have helped me out ; helped my drive out . But unfortunately , I 've never had anyone come to the community I grew up in and give out that helping hand . And to give us hope , in our community , that we can do something special . I always heard that we could n't or you know , it 's one in a million or something like that . Well , our job and my job at the Wade 's World foundation is to go out and let these kids know that we believe in them . And there 's more than what you see out your front window or your front door that 's in life . And you can do anything you want . Lapin : You said on your bio that you want to leave the world a better place . You think you 've done that ? Wade : I think I 've got a lot more "  doing " to do . Lapin : What do you want to do ? Wade : I think the main thing you think of is to know you can change the whole world , but you can touch many people on the way . And my main thing is like , when I go out and talk to kids or I do different events through my foundation , I just want to change one person 's thought in that room . They had a negative thought or belief coming in , I want to make them believe . And if I can change one kid 's mind , he can change someone else 's mind , and it can be a chain effect that can continue to keep going .	Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade started foundation to help at-risk kids Wade is national spokesperson for National Recess Week NBA star says sense of community and sportsmanship are pivotal for kids Says he wants to leave the world a better place
CNN  -- Two years ago , Carlo Ratti , the head of MIT 's Senseable City Lab , decided to find out what happened when city residents disposed of trash . His team recruited 500 volunteers in Seattle to put sensor tags on items they were throwing away , and the researchers tracked the travels of the trash . Of the 3,000 discarded items that were tracked and visualized in the research , some traveled considerable distances , with one , an ink cartridge , being shipped to the East before winding up in Baja California , a journey of nearly 4,000 miles . "  When you have all these traces of trash moving around , " said Ratti , "  you can ask yourself how can we make the system more efficient . Then we can make better decisions . And perhaps we will not throw away the plastic bottles that go every day to the dump . " Ratti , a civil engineer and architect , spoke at the TED2011 conference in Long Beach , California , in March and was interviewed by CNN . Watch Carlo Ratti 's TED Talk "  Cities are 2 % of the earth 's crust but they are 50 % of the world 's population , " and consume 75 % of the world 's energy , he said . As computer technology has advanced in past decades , cities have been transformed into digital networks that can be analyzed and activated to improve urban living , Ratti said . Ratti sees technology as a two-way street . You can use it to make sense of the physical world , digitizing what 's out there as he did with the Seattle trash project . But you can also take something that 's purely digital and make it real in the physical world . Among other projects he has worked on was the "  Digital Water Pavilion , " a building built for an expo in Zaragoza , Spain , with exterior and internal walls produced by flowing water controlled by a computerized system . When you approach the building to enter , sensors stop the water flow to create a doorway you can step through without getting wet .	Carlo Ratti heads MIT 's Senseable City Lab He used sensors to track flow of trash discarded by volunteers in Seattle He found that some items travel thousands of miles Ratti 's projects use computers to create new urban structures
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If riding on top of a Mexican freight train while bandits lie in wait , or inviting real-life gang members to improvise street battles does n't sound like the wisest approach to making your first feature film , try telling Cary Fukunaga . "  Sin Nombre " portrays one boy 's struggle to escape Mexico 's gang culture set against the backdrop of the trade in illegal immigrants . Because those are exactly the scrapes the 32-year-old writer-director got into during production of his highly-acclaimed debut "  Sin Nombre . " Set in Mexico against the backdrop of the country 's ballooning people trafficking problem , Fukunaga 's social-political thriller shows one boy 's struggle to escape Mexican gang culture after meeting a Honduran immigrant girl . The half-Japanese half-Swedish director decided that it would be impossible to portray street gang culture or the treacherous immigrant experience without fully immersing himself in both . "  To tell a story of what it 's like to travel on top of freight trains , or the camaraderie of living in a gang , are all things I could imagine maybe , " Fukunaga told CNN . "  But I would n't be able to get it right without meeting the people who actually experienced it , and experiencing some of that with them . " After Fukunaga first conceived "  Sin Nombre "  which translates as "  Without a Name "  in 2005 he embarked on a mammoth research tour in order to fully understand what it is like to be both a desperate immigrant and a street gang member . He spent two weeks with immigrants at a train yard in Tapachula , Mexico , before risking his life illegally riding on the roof of a train traveling across the border state of Chiapas . "  People get shot , trains derail , assaults happen , " said Fukunaga . "  I had to understand that if I fell off the train and lost a limb , I could just bleed to death out there , there 'd be no-one to come pick me up . " The filmmaker , who is an American citizen , was taken aback by the camaraderie among the immigrants in spite of the danger and violence . "  Some of the bits of humor that would happen on the journey really surprised me , " he told CNN . "  You could laugh minutes after someone had been shot . " It is this 27-hour train ride , during which a there was a bandit attack , that forms the basis of a substantial portion of the action in "  Sin Nombre . " Fukunaga also visited members of the notoriously violent Mara Salvatrucha street gangs in jail in Mexico . "  I spent about two years in two different prisons , and reduced a group of gang members down to a couple guys I could trust , " he explained . Fukunaga courted them with with gifts in the hope they would aid his research . "  After bringing them grilled chickens and enough India ink and CD components so they could make tattoo guns , they felt like they could trust me enough to hook me up with one of their outside people . Then they knew I was n't just a cop . " The end result is a starkly realistic portrayal of the Central American gangs that make their living trafficking people to the United States . The film 's action includes a dramatic shootout scene featuring real gang members as extras alongside actors . "  All the guns had blanks , " Fukunaga said . "  I had a gun too , if I had to regulate the situation . " Not that that made the scene entirely unproblematic : "  The guy who plays the leader in that scene is a gang member , " said Fukunaga . "  Once we shot that scene he was gone . I do n't know where he went , and there was no way to track him down to come back in and record audio or anything . " Nevertheless , Fukunaga maintains that the characters he chose to portray are inherently likeable people . "  I liked the gang members and the immigrants I met equally , and had equal respect for them " Fukunaga said . "  Some of the kids in these gangs , they seem like they 're 28-years-old , but they 're actually only 19 . They just look old because of the things they 've experienced . " "  Sin Nombre " is executive produced by acclaimed Mexican actors Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna . It impressed judges at this year 's Sundance Film Festival so much they awarded it directing and cinematography awards . But even after such an ambitious and successful debut , Fukunaga is not ready to let up and his next project could n't be more different : a musical with Arcade Fire collaborator Owen Pallett . After all , he said , "  If you 're just going to do a paint-by-numbers film , then what 's the point ? "	"  Sin Nombre " opens a window on Mexico 's Mara Salvatrucha gangs Cary Fukunaga 's debut thriller set against backdrop of immigrant trafficking on trains Fukunaga visited gang members in jail and rode an immigrant train for research Film won directing and cinematography awards at 2009 Sundance Film Festival
CNN  -- Sports fans worried about being caught between the World Cup and the Winter Olympics in 2022 have no need for concern , Olympic chiefs say . International Olympic Committee  IOC  President Thomas Bach told CNN that he had "  100 % " confidence that football 's flagship event , which has been awarded to the Middle Eastern state of Qatar , would n't clash with the 2022 Winter Olympics . Timing is naturally key to hosting the Winter Games , which are typically held in February . Bach told CNN 's Amanda Davies : "  It was very clear that it is nobody 's interest to have such a clash and  FIFA  President Blatter gave a clear commitment that there would be no such clash . " Temperature concerns It may be over seven years away , but the 2022 edition of football 's flagship event is already causing organizers headaches . The sports ' national federations and players ' unions have raised concerns about the heat of the Qatari summer , saying the extreme temperatures would be hazardous to the health and well-being of the athletes . Temperature concerns have led to calls , including from European football chief Michel Platini , for the tournament to be held in the winter . FIFA has yet to confirm the scheduling for the event . Bach , however , is confident that Blatter will honor his promise to avoid scheduling conflicts . "  I have no reason not to believe that he would deliver on this commitment . " He said that he was "  100 % " confident "  because I always believe that people are taking reasonable decisions . " While European leagues are unhappy with the idea of a winter Cup , which would interfere with their domestic tournaments , the chairman of the European Clubs Association  ECA  , Karl-Heinz Rummenigge , told CNN that it would be "  acceptable " to change the schedule for just "  one season . " 2022 Games yet to be awarded The 2022 Winter Olympics will be held either in Almaty , Kazakhstan , or the Chinese capital Beijing after all other bids were withdrawn . The Qatar edition of the World Cup itself is beset by controversy , as human rights groups have previously slammed the country 's treatment of migrant workers . Qatar says it is reforming contentious practices , such as the kafala system , which ties employees to a specific employer . The system , according to Human Rights Watch and the International Trade Union Confederation , is open to systematic abuse and has created a de facto form of slavery for the more than one million migrant workers living within Qatar 's borders . Allegations of corruption during the bidding process for both Qatar and the 2018 edition of the tournament , to be held in Russia , have tarnished organizing body FIFA 's image . READ MORE : World Cup bids corruption : ` Picasso painting offered as kickback ' WATCH : FIFA sponsorship troubles continue	IOC chief confident there wo n't be a scheduling clash between 2022 sporting events World Cup usually held in summer but Qatar temperatures deemed too high "  No reason " to believe FIFA president would renege on his promise Qatar edition of World Cup already mired in controversies
CNN  -- A French soldier was killed during a clash with Islamist fighters early Wednesday in northern Mali , the French Defense Ministry said . Four French soldiers have been killed in Mali since the beginning of France 's military intervention there in January . Interactive : Africa 's rocky road to democracy Islamist extremists carved out a large haven in northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup by the separatist party MNLA . The militants banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also destroyed historic tombs and shrines . France has more than 2,000 soldiers on Malian soil , with 1,000 more troops supporting the operation from elsewhere . French involvement in the conflict began on January 11 , the day after militants said they had seized the city of Konna , east of Diabaly in central Mali , and were poised to advance south toward Bamako , the capital .	A French soldier was killed during a clash with Islamist fighters in northern Mali Four French soldiers have been killed in Mali since the intervention in January . France has more than 2,000 soldiers on Malian soil
CNN  A new poll brings good news for Mitt Romney and his allies at a time when the 2012 GOP nominee faces vocal skepticism from the right about a potential third bid for president . According to a new CBS News survey , however , nearly six in 10 Republicans  59 %  say they 'd like to see Romney run for the White House in 2016 , compared to 26 % who disagree . Romney confirmed Friday night in a speech at the Republican National Committee 's winter meeting that he 's seriously thinking about jumping back into the fray , hinting that his campaign would focus on making the world safer and lifting people out of poverty . But critics and some of his potential opponents have expressed concern about backing a twice-railed presidential candidate , especially in what many consider an already strong field . The poll indicates that Romney is in stronger demand , or at least has higher name recognition , than former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who 's wanted to run by 50 % of Republicans , while 27 % do n't want him to run . Less than a third -- 29 % -- say they 'd like to see New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie jump in , while 44 % think he should n't run for president . Such underwater numbers come as Christie struggles to find relevance among the donor and business class against heavyweight competition like Romney and Bush . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky also has an underwater rating , with 27 % of Republicans wanting him to run , compared to 34 % who would n't liked to see a Paul for president campaign . Thirty-eight percent say they do n't know enough to say . Forty percent of Republicans , meanwhile , would like to see former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , who ended his Fox News show earlier this month to more seriously consider a second presidential bid , to throw his hat into the ring , while 29 % disagree . Slightly more than a quarter  26 %  want Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida to run , while 21 % say the same about Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas . As for the remainder of the potential GOP field , Texas Gov. Rick Perry has interest at 21 % , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is at 14 % , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker gets 22 % , renowned neurosurgeon Ben Carson is at 21 % , and former Sen. Rick Santorum comes in at 19 % . The poll , which was conducted by telephone January 9-12 , surveyed 1,001 adults nationwide , with a sampling error of plus or minus six percent for the questions directed only at Republicans .	A new poll indicates that 59 % of Republicans wants Mitt Romney to run for president in 2016 That 's higher than the 50 % who want Jeb Bush to jump into the race Meanwhile , only 29 % want Chris Christie to run , compared to 44 % who disagree
CNN  -- Britain , Italy and Greece on Sunday confirmed that hostages from their countries were among seven construction workers reported killed in Nigeria over the weekend . "  This was an act of cold-blooded murder , which I condemn in the strongest terms , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement announcing that a British construction worker was among the dead . Nigerian militant group Ansar al-Muslimeen claimed responsibility for the February kidnappings of the seven construction workers from an office in northeastern Nigeria . The group , widely known as Ansaru , released images of some of the bodies Saturday . Italy 's Foreign Ministry said Sunday that it appeared the report of the deaths "  is founded . " Greece said one of its citizens was among the dead , and that his captors "  at no stage either communicated or expressed demands for the release of the hostages . " Ansaru blamed the deaths on a joint Nigerian-British military operation intended to free the hostages . Without directly addressing the claim , Hague said , "  Responsibility for this tragic outcome rests squarely with the terrorists . " "  I am grateful to the Nigerian Government for their unstinting help and cooperation , " he said . "  We are utterly determined to work with them to hold the perpetrators of this heinous act to account , and to combat the terrorism which so blights the lives of people in Northern Nigeria and in the wider region . " Some of the other hostages were from Lebanon , which had not commented on the reports Sunday . All seven hostages were seized from an office of Lebanese-based construction firm Setraco in northeastern Nigeria on February 18 . In claiming responsibility for the attack , Ansaru said it taken them captive because of "  transgression and atrocities " against Islam in Afghanistan , Mali and other locations . Setraco 's Nigerian subsidiary is involved in many major road construction projects in northern Nigeria . U.S. officials say Ansaru is an offshoot of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram , which Nigerian authorities say is behind a recent rash of killings and kidnappings in the country . Boko Haram -- whose name means "  Western education is sacrilege " -- has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria , according to Human Rights Watch . Ansaru has previously claimed responsibility for the December kidnapping of a French citizen near the border with Niger and for an attack on a prison in Abuja in November . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome and Per Nyberg in London contributed to this report .	"  This was an act of cold-blooded murder , " British official says The hostages had been seized from a construction company office in February Their captors blame a raid ; Britain says blame "  rests squarely with the terrorists "
CNN  -- Economists pore over central bank interest rate decisions , key retail numbers and consumer confidence figures for signs of economic health -- but could road toll collections also carry clues for the future ? Academics at Germany 's Institute for the Study of Labor , based in Bonn , believe they can . They have developed a system , called the Toll Index , to tap road toll data for indications of industrial production in Europe 's biggest economy . "  Toll collectors use it to bill people , to finance our roads . We use it usefully to solve early forecasting problems , " Klaus Zimmermann , one of the institute 's directors , told CNN . Most heavy vehicles in Germany carry GPS technology which links to a satellite system for collecting road tolls . The data -- which calculates the number of trips made across borders -- is then used by Zimmerman 's team for economic forecasting . DSV head Jens Bjorn Andersen , one of Europe 's biggest transport companies , points out the industry is one of the first to feel the brunt of an economic downturn . The industry suffers if consumers cut back on spending , because there is less need to transport goods . Transportation was hit by a rapid drop in volumes after the third quarter of 2008 , as the global slump kicked in , Andersen said . "  The downturn in the whole world economy was probably seen first in transport companies , " he added . Driving a truck through Europe 's debt crisis According to Zimmermann , the transportation industry is able to give analysts a quick status check on the economy , rather than having to wait weeks or months for official data to be released . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- the first forecast of the economy which is actually better than existing economic indicators , " he said . Nikolaus Askitas , the institute 's chief technology officer , said they considered exploring river and rail transport for economic indicators but the trucking industry provided the best data . " -LSB- How do you -RSB- bring the product from the production site to the harbor or to the railway station ? By trucks , " said Askitas . The Toll Index still has some kinks , such as inability to differentiate between trucks which are carrying goods for export and those which are not . But its developers argue the speed of its data analysis delivers an insight into market movements as they are happening . CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this story	Academics have developed a system to examine industrial production by analyzing the number of trucks on the road The pair examines toll collections to track trucks containing goods The CEO of DSV says transport companies are one of the first industries to feel the brunt of economic downturns
CNN  -- A Texas man convicted of murdering a San Antonio police officer before turning his gun on his wife was put to death Thursday evening , soon after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected his last-minute appeal . The time of death for Frank Martinez Garcia was 7:02 p.m. CT  8:02 p.m. ET  , said Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokeswoman Becky Blanton . Garcia was 28 on March 29 , 2001 , when San Antonio police officer Hector Garza responded to a call about a domestic disturbance at the home Garcia shared with his parents , his wife , Jessica , and their children . Garza , 49 , died first after being shot three times by Garcia , the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said on its website . Garcia 's wife died after he shot her six times . He also fired several shots at others outside the home , wounding his wife 's uncle , according to authorities . The couple 's 5-year-old daughter witnessed the murders , according to the Department of Criminal Justice . The office of Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott stated , on its website , that Garcia -- who had been arrested with gang members in 1992 -- also fired his weapon at the vice principal of a nearby elementary school , hitting the front door of the school . Garcia eventually surrendered to police , later admitting in a formal written statement that he had intentionally killed both the police officer and his wife , according to the attorney general . A Bexar County grand jury indicted him in September 2001 for capital murder . During his trial , jurors saw photos from inside Garcia 's home showing him and his wife brandishing weapons . Prosecutors also noted that his wife Jessica sought help from a battered women 's shelter in 1994 , after alleging physical and emotional abuse , while her co-workers had seen marks and bruises on her . In February 2002 , Garcia was convicted and sentenced to death . The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals affirmed his conviction two years later . And in 2007 , the same court denied his application for habeas corpus relief -- in other words , claiming the state did n't have a right to hold him -- according to the attorney general . A U.S. district court turned down a similar petition in 2009 , and a U.S. Circuit of Appeals court rejected his appeal the following year . In March 2011 , the U.S. Supreme Court denied his writ of certiorari review , a legal term related to a higher court reviewing a lower court 's decision . CNN 's Bill Mears and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Frank Martinez Garcia was convicted of murdering his wife and a police officer He also wounded a relative and fired at a nearby elementary school The U.S. Supreme Court turned down his last-minute appeal Thursday
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Sears Tower is history . As of Thursday , the iconic Chicago , Illinois , skyscraper is now named Willis Tower . It still looks the same , but Sears Tower in Chicago , Illinois , will have a new name : Willis Tower . At least that 's what the owners of the 110-story skyscraper now call it after its new main tenant , the London , England-based insurance broker Willis Group Holdings . However , there are plenty of people who refuse to call it that . More than 90,000 people have joined the group "  People Against the Sears Tower Name Change , " on the social networking Web site Facebook . "  This name change is absurd , " one member wrote . "  Would Paris change the name of the Eiffel Tower ? Or London change Buckingham Palace ? Or New York , the Statue of Liberty ? I believe the Illinois Congress needs to proclaim the Sears Tower a recognizable landmark that is known all over the world by people who have traveled to Chicago . " The group has gathered more than 34,000 signatures on an online petition against the name change . The name change seemed to be a fait accompli , though . A renaming ceremony was scheduled for Thursday with Chicago Mayor Richard Daley . The skyscraper 's Web site also features the new name . Watch sky-high perspective of tower " "  Having our name associated with Chicago 's most iconic structure underscores our commitment to this great city , and recognizes Chicago 's importance as a major financial hub and international business center , " Willis CEO and Chairman Joseph J. Plumeri said in a news release . The landmark opened in 1973 with its original occupant , Sears Roebuck & Co. . The retailing giant has since moved its headquarters to suburban Chicago . That does n't matter to those against the name change . "  I asked a cabdriver to take me to the Willis tower . He said , ` Where the hell is that ? ' " a member of the Facebook group wrote . "  That pretty much sums it up . No one will start calling it the Willis Tower . "	Chicago 's Sears Tower renamed Willis Tower after London insurance broker Thousands join online group opposing building 's name change Landmark opened in 1973 with original tenant Sears Roebuck & Co. .
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday blocked a lawsuit challenging the federal government 's sweeping electronic eavesdropping on suspected foreign terrorists and spies . The case put personal liberty at odds with national security , making it one of the most important rulings of the high court 's term . The 5-4 conservative majority concluded the plaintiffs -- which included attorneys and journalists -- lacked "  standing " or jurisdiction to proceed , without proof that suspects have been eavesdropped upon . The super secret National Security Agency has in turn refused to disclose specifics , which detractors call "  Catch-22 " logic . Justice Samuel Alito said plaintiffs "  can not demonstrate that the future injury they purportedly fear is certainly impending . " The justices did not address the larger questions of the program 's constitutionality , and this ruling will make it harder for future lawsuits to proceed . At issue : Can these American plaintiffs who deal with overseas clients and co-workers file suit if they reasonably suspect -- but can not know for sure -- that the government was reading and hearing their sensitive communications ? The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act was revised by Congress in 2008 to give the attorney general and the director of national intelligence greater authority to order "  mass acquisition " of electronic traffic from suspected foreign terrorists or spies . The law previously required the government to justify a national security interest before any monitoring of phone calls and e-mails originating in another country . A federal judge had to sign any search warrant . The larger issue involves the constitutionality of the federal government 's electronic monitoring of targeted foreigners . A federal appeals court in New York ruled against the Obama administration , prompting the current appeal . After such "  warrantless wiretapping " was exposed , President George W. Bush and his congressional allies moved to amend the existing law , which supporters say is designed to target only foreigners living outside the United States . Alito said that there were enough legal safeguards to ensure that any information gathered by the NSA would be used properly in court , and that a judicial FISA panel could review any particular surveillance . "  If the government were to prosecute one of the  plaintiffs '  foreign clients using authorized surveillance , the government would be required to make a disclosure , " Alito said . He was supported by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia , Anthony Kennedy and Clarence Thomas . In dissent , Justice Stephen Breyer said the harm claimed by the plaintiffs "  is not speculative . Indeed it is as likely to take place as are most future events that commonsense inference and ordinary knowledge of human nature tell us will happen . " He was backed by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan . Groups like the American Civil Liberties Union and Amnesty International told the court that little is known about the FISA Amendments Act , such as who has been targeted , how often it has been used and whether any problems or abuses have occurred . A key point of contention was whether those amendments would stifle free speech of the work of lawyers , journalists and activists by forcing them to do their jobs less diligently , for fear of being monitored and perhaps prosecuted . Solicitor General Donald Verrilli , speaking for the Justice Department , said that to the contrary , if the lawyer "  took precautions , it would be because of a belief that  he or she  had to comply with an ethics rule , and the ethics rule would be the cause of  him or her  taking those precautions . " Either way , he said , there was no "  concrete application " of the law permitting someone to come into court and make a claim based on "  speculation . " The case is Clapper v. Amnesty International USA  11-1025  .	In dissent , justice says the harm claimed by plaintiffs "  is not speculative " Supreme Court 's conservative 5-4 majority says plaintiffs lack "  standing " to proceed Justices did n't address the larger questions of government program 's constitutionality
Hold the obituary . Experts now think Comet ISON -- or at least part of it -- survived its close encounter with the sun . Karl Battams , a comet scientist for the Naval Research Laboratory , said it is believed some parts of ISON 's nucleus survived perihelion . "  It now looks like some chunk of ISON 's nucleus has indeed made it through the solar corona , and re-emerged , " he said . "  It 's throwing off dust and  probably  gas , but we do n't know how long it can sustain that . " However , he said , its fate is uncertain . "  Now it has emerged and started to brighten , we need to observe it for a few days to get a feel for its behavior , " Battams said . ISON swept about 730,000 miles over the sun 's surface Thursday about 2 p.m. ET . A fleet of spacecraft watched ISON plunge toward the sun , including NASA 's STEREO satellite , the European Space Agency/NASA SOHO spacecraft and the Solar Dynamics Observatory . Comets are giant snowballs of frozen gases , rock and dust that can be several miles in diameter . When they get near the sun , they warm up and spew some of the gas and dirt , creating tails that can stretch for thousands of miles . Most comets are in the outer part of our solar system . When they get close enough for us to see , scientists study them for clues about how our solar system formed . Astronomers Vitali Nevski and Artyom Novichonok discovered ISON last year using a telescope near Kislovodsk , Russia . ISON -- officially named C/2012 S1 -- was 585 million miles away at the time . Its amazing journey through the solar system had been chronicled by amateur astronomers and by space telescopes . "  From the beginning , ISON has confused , surprised and amazed us , and in hindsight its latest little escapade really should not shock us , " Battams said . "  Nonetheless , this has been one of the most extraordinary comets we have ever encountered , and just goes to reiterate how beautiful , dynamic and exciting our universe is . " Observers have been watching the comet for more than a year , hoping it would survive its sunbath and emerge to put on a sky show , visible to the naked eye in the Northern Hemisphere . Earlier Thursday , NASA scientists had pretty much declared ISON dead at the end of a Google Hangout to watch the comet swing by the sun . But professional and amateur astronomers were undeterred by the reports and kept analyzing NASA satellites . They found images that clearly show something emerging from the sun . "  What we see here is the dust tail emerging first , pointing away from the sun , " said Padma Yanamandra-Fisher with the Space Science Institute and a member of the ISON Observing Campaign . A video made by observing campaign member John Maclean shows the comet slicing toward the sun and then something -- apparently ISON -- emerging from the other side . Maclean is a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society at Norman Lockyer Observatory Sidmouth in Devon , England . The discovery stunned many in the comet-watching community and led some to nickname ISON the zombie comet . Others repeated an old joke about comets and cats . "  Comets are like cats ; they have tails , and they do precisely what they want , " David H. Levy said . This comet also seems to have something else in common with cats -- nine lives . 5 things to know about Comet ISON 2013 : The year of the comet  we hope	Comet ISON -- or at least part of it -- may have survived , experts say Earlier reports indicated ISON disintegrated The fate of the comet remains uncertain It was making its closest approach to sun
CNN  -- An Eastern European gang of hackers bent on stealing company secrets was responsible for recent attacks on Apple , Facebook and Twitter as well as dozens of other less-publicized hacks , according to new reports . Two unnamed "  people familiar with the matter " told Bloomberg that the hackers appeared to be looking for research , intellectual property or other private information that they can sell on the underground market . Apple confirmed Tuesday that some of its employees ' computers had been compromised after they visited a hacked website for iPhone developers . That site exploited a vulnerability in the Java browser plug-in . Weeks earlier , Facebook said that some of its computers were also compromised after employees visited a developer site . Both Facebook and Apple said no user data were accessed in the attacks . Earlier in January , Twitter said it , too , was attacked and that about 250,000 user accounts may have been compromised , with names and e-mails possibly being uncovered . As news of the intrusions spread , suspicions turned toward hackers in China . The nation 's government denies it supports hacking . But experts said it would n't be surprising if the attacks originated in Eastern Europe instead . "  We 've all been watching China , but they 're not the most advanced cybercriminals , " said Tom Kellermann , the former commissioner of President Barack Obama 's cybersecurity council and head of security at Trend Micro . "  The most advanced are from the Eastern Bloc and Russia . " Kellermann said that a "  giant arms bazaar " has developed in Eastern Europe by which criminals sell cybertools to others . That way , he said , organized crime elements and even terror groups end up with the same kind of advanced tools some governments possess . "  That 's what I 'm most worried about , " Kellermann said . "  I wish this stuff were just nation-state on nation-state , so then we could crank up our diplomacy . But regimes do n't have a monopoly on Big Brother , and they do n't have a monopoly on cyber capabilities . " The recent hacks appear to have used what cybersecurity experts call a "  water hole " attack . Like a lion waiting for those speedy gazelles to slow down and have a drink , criminals hack and load viruses onto sites they suspect attractive targets will visit , then wait . They do n't know exactly who their victims will be . But once the victims are infected , the hackers can follow them back to their own businesses ' networks to snoop around . One site used in the attacks appears to be called iPhone Dev SDK , a forum for developers who work with Apple 's mobile operating system . "  iPhoneDevSDK has learned it was used as part of an attack whose victims included large Internet companies , " read a message at the top of the site 's home page Wednesday . "  We have no reason to believe user data  were  compromised , but to be safe , we 've reset all user passwords . " Security holes in Oracle 's Java programming language have been responsible for a number of the recent attacks . The Department of Homeland Security released a warning about the software in January . Apple pointed out in its statement that Macs running the most recent operating system , OS X Lion , have not come with Java pre-installed and that the computers automatically disable the plug-in after 35 days of inactivity . CNNMoney 's David Goldman contributed to this report .	Cybersecurity expert says most savvy Web crime originates in Eastern Europe Apple , Facebook , Twitter attacks came from Eastern European gang , report says "  Water hole " attack apparently used a site for developers on Apple 's mobile system Apple said this week that some employees ' computers had been compromised
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Defense Department will release "  a substantial number " of photographs showing abuse of prisoners at prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan , according to the American Civil Liberties Union . Aggressive techniques to interrogate terror suspects are making headlines again . The release will be in response to an open-records lawsuit filed by the ACLU , the group said in a written statement . The statement released late Thursday said the photos were taken at facilities other than Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq . "  These photographs provide visual proof that prisoner abuse by U.S. personnel was not aberrational but widespread , reaching far beyond the walls of Abu Ghraib , " Amrit Singh , an ACLU attorney , said in the release . The photos are to be released by May 28 , the ACLU said . The Department of Defense announced in a letter addressed to the federal court on Thursday that it would release the photos . In a copy of the letter posted on the ACLU 's Web site , acting U.S. Attorney Lev L. Dassin said that 21 photographs would be released and that the government "  also is processing for release a substantial number of other images . " The lawsuit was filed in 2004 after the Bush administration denied a 2003 open-records request by the ACLU . The 2nd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals ruled last year that the photos should be released . The Defense Department will not appeal the case to the U.S. Supreme Court , Dassin said in the letter . Attempts by CNN to reach the White House and Department of Defense for comment were not immediately successful .	Photos showing abuse of prisoners in Iraq , Afghanistan to be released , ACLU says ACLU filed lawsuit in 2004 against Bush administration for access to photos Defense Department says it will not appeal court ruling , will release pictures ACLU : Pictures , taken at facilities other than Abu Ghraib , to be released by May 28
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ordinarily , walking on a treadmill is no big deal for Carol Elam -- except when she 's dressed in a hospital gown and attached to a heart monitor . Carol Elam 54 , started to worry about her heart health after turning 50 ; her own mother died at age 64 . Elam , 54 , recently underwent a routine stress test at the Piedmont Heart Institute in Atlanta , Georgia . "  I decided I ca n't control too many things in my life , but if I can control something , I 'm going to do as much as I can to control my health , " she remarked . Elam is among a growing number of middle-aged Americans who are n't waiting until they feel the first warning signs of a heart attack to see a doctor . Dr. Winston Gandy , a cardiologist at Piedmont and Elam 's physician , noted the trend not just in his own practice but in talking with colleagues across the country . "  Ten years ago , 60 percent of the people we took care of were people we had seen before , " he said , referring to patients who were returning for post-treatment follow-ups . With the advent of medical therapies and technology that can help with early detection , he says , now 60 percent of patients are new to his practice . Watch more on the new prevention trend " And , like Elam , he said , many do n't have any symptoms of heart disease . Dr. Timothy Gardner , president of the American Heart Association , also noted the positive trend . "  What Dr. Gandy said is true . It is encouraging to see the number of people who are getting the message . " Gandy credited nationwide awareness programs , such as Go Red for Women day February 6 , with helping spread the word about heart disease detection and prevention . He reminds his patients that cardiovascular disease is the No. 1 killer in the United States . More than 80 million American adults suffer from some sort of cardiovascular disease ; it 's responsible for more than 864,000 deaths a year -- that 's one death every 37 seconds . Diagnosing heart disease often starts with a routine visit to a primary care physician . Elam started worrying about her heart health shortly after she turned 50 . "  My grandfather died at the age of 54 . My mother passed at 64 . ... I guess I had a wake-up call with my mother because of her high blood pressure , " Elam explained . She also learned that three of her siblings and a nephew were being treated with medication for high blood pressure . Given her family history , Elam decided to undergo a baseline screening in 2005 with a treadmill stress test . At the end of the 20-minute exam , Gandy informed her that she had a leaky heart valve and would need to be checked annually . Today , her condition is routinely monitored using a treadmill stress test ; she was not put on medication . Under her doctor 's guidance , Elam stepped up her exercise regimen , running up to 20 miles a week . She also sticks to a low-fat diet . "  I 'm going to be honest : There are days where I do n't really feel like running ; I want to eat that fried chicken , but then I think that in the long run , that it 's a lifestyle that I do n't want to chose , " Elam admitted . After her latest stress test , Gandy gave Elam some good news . "  Overall , she did well . I would put her in the top 1 percent , " he said . He cautioned that this was just a screening test . If she felt any chest discomfort , he would want to see her again immediately . When it comes to heart disease , "  if we find it before it finds you , the chances of something bad happening are less than 1 percent , " he said . "  But if it finds you , the chances are upwards of 75 percent that you will die . " The sobering message is n't lost on Elam . Her four children range in age from 12 to 23 . "  I have to be here as long as I can to take care of my children , " she said . "  I also have to set an example for my children . "	Heart disease affects 80 million Americans , kills more than 864,000 a year More people getting message that preventing heart disease is ideal Visiting your doctor , exercising and eating right are all key to prevention
CNN  -- The Dalai Lama announced Thursday his plan to retire as political head of the exiled movement , according to his website . "  Tibetans need a leader , elected freely by the Tibetan people , to whom I can devolve power , " the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader said in a statement . "  Now , we have clearly reached the time to put this into effect . " He said he will formally propose amendments to the Charter for Tibetans in Exile to make the change at the upcoming session of the Tibetan Parliament in Exile that begins Monday . If the changes are made , leadership of the group would be passed to an elected leader . The Dalai Lama told CNN in October that he would like to retire at some point . "  I 'm also a human being . ... Retirement is also my right , " he said while on a speaking tour of North America . Without saying exactly when , he said , "  Sooner or later , I have to go . I 'm over 75 , so next 10 years , next 20 years , one day I will go . " The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule . The exile group is headquartered in Dharamsala in northern India . CNN 's Ben Brumfeld contributed to this report	The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule Changes will be proposed to the Tibetan Parliament in Exile which meets Monday "  Tibetans need a leader , elected freely by the Tibetan people , " the Dalai Lama says
About a month from the 2014 midterm elections House Democratic Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was already predicting a sweep for her party in the 2016 election . Referring to Republicans , Pelosi said , "  Their days are numbered . I know that in two years there will be a Democratic Congress and a Democratic President . " Pelosi has publicly urged former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to run for president and said if Clinton does decide to run she would win . While she was clearly looking ahead the top House Democrat was careful not to concede the election this November . Pressed about the prediction she made earlier this summer that her party would pick up the 17 seats they would need to regain the majority in the House , Pelosi replied , "  I think we will do OK . " Pelosi brushed off the negative attack ads featuring her image in several House races , but said she was "  offended " by what the GOP was saying about President Barack Obama on the campaign trail . The California Democrat seemed more than happy that Republicans are again using a strategy from previous election cycles to try and tie vulnerable House Democrats to her , remarking , "  oh my goodness , they 've helped me raise money every time . " Asked about her personal political plans given her confidence of a Democratic takeover on Capitol Hill , Pelosi pointed out she was already running for re-election in 2014 . But when asked whether she intended to remain in her top leadership position beyond the 2016 election , she told reporters she had to check with her husband first .	Pelosi says "  there will be a Democratic Congress and a Democratic President . " On the 2014 midterms , Pelosi says "  I think will do OK . "
CNN  After two weeks of failed negotiations , Houthi rebels announced Friday that they will chart Yemen 's political future , setting up groups to replace the volatile Arab nation 's parliament and form a presidential council . This all follows last month 's resignations of President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi and other officials after Houthis moved into the Yemeni capital , Sanaa . The chaos in Yemen has far-reaching implications for the United States and its allies , which had considered Yemen 's previous government a key ally in its fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The United Nations-sponsored talks aimed to find a resolution to the satisfaction of all parties , including the Houthis , who are Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country . But Friday 's news suggests no such accord . Instead , the Houthis -- politically recognized as Ansarullah -- announced that the country 's top supervising authority will become the Houthi Revolutionary Committee . That committee will be charged with setting up a 551-member National Transition Council in place of Yemen 's parliament . That body , according to the announcement , will then choose members of a five-person Presidential Council , which will lead the country during a two-year transition . There was no immediate response to the announcement from other Yemeni factions or from officials outside the country . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Yemen 's President , Prime Minister resigned as Houthi rebels advanced U.N.-sponsored talks did n't lead to a resolution agreed to by all parties The Houthi Revolutionary Committee will be in charge , with a new parliament coming
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- The return to school after the summer break is an annual milestone in every child 's life . But as the school buses pulled up to take more than 5,000 children back to class in Newtown , Connecticut , Tuesday , it was far from an ordinary day . The returning students were greeted not only by their teachers but also the presence of more armed guards -- and with them a solemn reminder of the tragedy that struck their town last year . Mark and Jackie Barden are among those for whom the back-to-school ritual will be hardest . While their children Natalie , 11 , and James , 13 , are returning to class as they have each year , their youngest child , 7-year-old Daniel , is not . He was one of 20 young children killed during the horrific shooting spree inside Newtown 's Sandy Hook Elementary School last December . Six teachers were also killed by Adam Lanza , 20 , who then took his own life . "  This will be our first time back to school without Daniel , " said his father , Mark . The family 's pain is still raw -- and it 's hard not to imagine how it would have been to see their boy going off to second grade . "  It 's still day to day , and we have better days than others , " his mother said . Sandy Hook Elementary is being torn down and its students will head Tuesday to Chalk Hill Elementary instead , the site to which they moved when classes resumed in January . The heightened security they will find there will be replicated in schools across the district . Opinion : Does your child 's school have a security plan ? Armed security The school board is doing everything it can to put families at ease in the wake of last year 's shooting and the recent gun scare in Georgia . Steps taken include better locks on doors , real-time monitoring systems and more armed guards at every school . "  It 's not a normal back-to-school but we 're trying to put the resources in place to make it as normal as possible , " said Debbie Leidlein , who chairs the education board . "  Parents will definitely see armed security at each school and there will be additional guards at multiple schools . " The number of guards present will depend on the size of the school and number of students , she added . More safety measures are expected to be put in place in Newtown schools over the course of the school year , but officials did not go into detail . It 's not just Newtown where the security of children and their educators is at the forefront of people 's minds . School districts across the country are adding more security guards , particularly to their elementary schools . At least three states have also passed laws recently allowing teachers to be able to carry handguns on campus . For the Bardens , the daily struggle to carry on family life without Daniel continues . What they 'd like to see are positive changes in the way people act , such as showing more kindness to others , to try to prevent others suffering a similar loss . "  We have to try to do the good work that he was supposed to do here , " said Mark . "  We 're gon na try our best to do it for him . " Newtown residents find their voice	Students in Newtown , Connecticut , return to school amid heightened security "  This will be our first time back to school without Daniel , " say parents of slain student School board says it is bringing in more guards , better locks on doors "  Parents will definitely see armed security at each school , " says education board chair
Maputo , Mozambique  CNN  -- More Brazilian companies are moving into Africa amid a government drive to build closer economic ties with the continent . A year ago Vale , the Brazilian mining giant , exported its first overseas coal shipment from Mozambique . The shift of 35,000 metric tons of thermal coal from the port of Beira to the United Arab Emirates marked the southeastern African country 's emergence into the global minerals market . It was part of Vale 's ambitious push into the country , and its plans to double capacity to 22 million tons of coal annually over the next few years . And Vale , the world 's second largest miner , is not the only Brazilian company eyeing Africa 's potential . With ties that date back to the era of slave trade , Brazilian leaders are quick to use the country 's cultural affinity with Africa as an advantage in its competition . Ricardo Saad , who oversees Vale 's Asia , Australia and Africa operations , says the continent is a "  new opportunity . " He adds : "  I 'm based here in  Mozambique capital  Maputo because our investments here in Mozambique are the most important . " Vale operates across several African countries , including Angola , the Democratic Republic of Congo and South Africa . It has been in Mozambique since 2004 . The thermal coal was mined from the company 's Moatize concession in western Mozambique , an area believed to hold one of the world 's biggest untapped reserves . Vale is making a broader pitch to access the country 's natural resources . It is spending millions on infrastructure , including a railway line passing through Malawi and connecting its Moatize facility with Nacala , the largest deep-water natural port on Africa 's eastern coast The company plans to spend more than $ 12 billion across the continent over the next five years . Read related : Brazil competes with China , India to invest in Africa Vale is not alone . Over the last few years , Brazil 's state and private firms have quietly made inroads into the continent , operating mostly in strategic sectors such as infrastructure , energy and mining . Odebrecht , Brazil 's biggest construction company , and Petrobras , a state-controlled energy group , have also stepped up their African operations in recent years . Trade between Brazil and Africa has jumped from around $ 4 billion in 2000 to about $ 20 billion in 2010 . Read more : Why Asian giants scent opportunity in Africa Analysts say that Brazil 's interest in Africa shot up during Lula da Silva 's eight years in power  2003-2010  as the former president made Africa a strategic priority for Brazil as part of the country 's efforts to expand its global influence . "  Lula visited Africa more times than any other statesman in the world during his tenure in government , " says Lyal White , director of the Centre for Dynamic Markets at the Gordon Institute for Business Science in South Africa . Brazil 's deepening engagement with Africa continued under the leadership of Dilma Rousseff , who became Brazil 's president early last year . In her first year in office , Rousseff visited Angola , Mozambique , and South Africa . The cultural ties feed into the relationship , analysts say . "  The fact that the majority of Brazil 's population is of Afro-Brazilian origin -- making Brazil the world 's largest black population after Nigeria -- is frequently quoted by the almost exclusively white governing elite of Brazil in order to stress Brazil 's cultural similarities with the African countries , " according to Christina Stolte , researcher at the German Institute for Global and Area Studies . Read more : Is the West losing out to China in Africa ? Stolte says Brazil is very keen to avoid being viewed as a "  neo-imperialist " power that is only interested in exploiting Africa 's natural resources -- an accusation often directed at other emerging powers operating in the continent . "  Lula and Rousseff have more than once openly critizised China 's way of engagement with Africa , trying to distance Brazil from its resource hungry BRICS partner , " she says . "  Brazilian officials as well as businessmen frequently stress the aim of contributing to the development of African countries by pointing to the fact that Brazil is hiring and training local workforce and offering social projects to foster local development . " Back in Mozambique , Saad says that Vale , along with making profits , is committed to the development of local communities . "  When we talk about Africa , it 's not possible to talk about Africa not thinking about sustainable development and respect to the people , respect to the environment , respect to the planet , but having the sense that our development is going to be also a local development , " he says . "  We are here to be a Mozambican company -- we come from Brazil , but we are Mozambican now , " Saad adds .	Mining giant Vale is one of the many Brazilian firms eying Africa 's potential It plans to spend more than $ 12 billion on investments in Africa over the next five years Analysts say Brazil is very keen to avoid being viewed as "  neo-imperialist " power Trade between Brazil and Africa jumped from $ 4 billion in 2000 to $ 20 billion in 2010
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Wildcat miners in southeast Peru called off a week-old protest Thursday , a day after three people were killed in clashes with police . Leaders called off demonstrations and agreed to meet with Peruvian officials Monday , Peru 's state-run Andina news agency reported . "  We are open to discussions ... and we will search for a solution , " union leader Luis Otzuka said , according to Andina . Miners in the country 's Madre de Dios region have been demonstrating ahead of the enforcement of several decrees aimed at cracking down on illegal mining . The protesters tried to take over an airport , a bridge and a market Wednesday . Police pushed them back with tear gas and warning shots from their rifles . Protesters rained rocks on the riot police . The government blamed the protesters ' actions for igniting the clashes that led to the deaths of Carlos Lanci Yumbato , 46 ; Julio Ticona Medina , 31 ; and Francisco Areque Jipa , 35 . According to the government , another 38 civilians and 17 police officers were injured . At least 60 people were arrested . "  The government of Peru rejects the acts of violence by the illegal miners in Madre de Dios and asks the regional authorities and the general public to support the work of the police to re-establish order and peace in that jurisdiction , " the government said in a statement . President Ollanta Humala 's Cabinet chief , Oscar Valdes , said Thursday that the government remains firm on its intention to regulate the informal mining sector . There are thousands of wildcat miners in Peru . The new decrees would impose sentences of as much as 10 years for operating illegal mines . Other informal mines must meet certain environmental standards or be abandoned . Valdes said the issue is important because illegal mining has negative consequences such as child slavery , deforestation , drug trafficking and mistreatment of workers . The new decrees also have the support of union leaders in the formal mining sector . The president of the General Confederation of Peruvian Workers , Carmela Siguentes , said that formalizing the illegal miners would guarantee their right to a fair wage and provide an escape from exploitation by "  mafias . " But the protesters say that the new decrees will deny them their right to work . Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this report .	NEW : Demonstrators call off protests and say they will meet with government officials Wildcat miners say the new decrees will deny them the right to work Three people were killed in clashes with police The government says the new laws are necessary to protect workers
CNN  -- Barcelona 's Sunday celebrations started early with a 6-1 romp over Getafe , and ended late with a slip-up by second-placed Atletico Madrid which has all but ended the Spanish title race . Atletico 's 2-1 defeat at Rayo Vallecano gave Barca a commanding 12-point lead with 15 matches to play , as third-placed champions Real Madrid languish another four points adrift . "  It was an unusual time to play but we had a party in the stadium , " the Catalan side 's assistant coach Jordi Roura said after the midday kickoff at the Camp Nou , where more than 85,000 fans turned up . "  The players were at an extraordinary level . They were intense from the first minute , " added Roura , who is running the team while Tito Vilanova is receiving cancer treatment in New York Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring in the sixth minute with his first league goal this season before Lionel Messi netted for a record-extending 13th successive La Liga game before quarter of an hour had been played -- his 35th in the competition from 23 appearances . David Villa and substitute Cristian Tello scored in the second half before Getafe hit back through striker Alvaro Vazquez , but then Andres Iniesta and defender Gerard Pique netted in time added on . "  We felt great on the pitch , a lot of people were able to make it to the stadium and the atmosphere was fantastic , " Pique said . "  It would n't be an inconvenience if we had to play at the same time in the future . " Atletico striker Radamel Falcao scored his 19th league goal this season , putting him third in the Pichichi standings behind Real 's Cristiano Ronaldo -- who took his tally to 24 with a hat-trick in Saturday 's 4-1 win over Sevilla . However , it came far too late -- the last kick of the match -- as Vallecano moved up to fifth place on goal difference above Valencia thanks to first-half goals from Guinean striker Alhassane Bangoura and Brazilian forward Leo Baptistao . Real Sociedad moved up to eighth with a 2-1 win at Zaragoza , while Barcelona 's city rivals Espanyol eased relegation worries with a 4-0 win at Athletic Bilbao . Italy Mario Balotelli scored his second successive penalty for AC Milan to rescue a 1-1 draw at Cagliari , but his team surrendered fourth place in Serie A to city rivals Internazionale . Balotelli took his tally to three goals in two games since signing for $ 30 million from English champions Manchester City with an 82nd-minute spot-kick , but the Italy striker also missed a late chance to snatch victory . Inter won 3-1 at home to Chievo to move within a point of third-placed Lazio , as striker Antonio Cassano scored in the second minute then defender Andrea Ranocchia restored the lead with a header after Luca Rigoni 's equalizer , and Diego Milito added the third in the second half . Germany Freiburg moved up to fifth in the Bundesliga following Sunday 's 1-0 win at home to lowly Fortuna Dusseldorf . An 87th-minute goal from Czech player Pavel Krmas put Freiburg above Mainz and Hamburg on goal difference . Mainz drew 1-1 at second-bottom Augsburg , while Hamburg crushed second-placed defending champions Borussia Dortmund 4-1 on Saturday . France Lyon 's title hopes suffered a blow in Sunday 's 3-1 home defeat by Lille , which meant Paris Saint-Germain ended the weekend with a six-point lead . Third-placed Marseille also dropped points , drawing 1-1 at Evian -- who moved out of the bottom three on goal difference . PSG beat Bastia 3-1 on Friday , with star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic scoring a penalty for his leading 21st goal this season .	Atletico Madrid 's defeat to Vallecano gives Barcelona a 12-point lead in Spain Catalan side thrashed Getafe 6-1 in midday kickoff as six different players score Mario Balotelli 's AC Milan surrender fourth place in Italy to city rivals Internazionale Lyon 's defeat gives PSG a six-point lead in the French title race
Washington  CNN  -- A South Korean competitor of DuPont Co. allegedly stole the U.S. chemical company 's trade secrets for Kevlar , according to a federal indictment . The six-count indictment unsealed on Thursday in Alexandria , Virginia , alleged that Kolon Industries engaged in a several year effort to steal trade secrets related to the high-strength product used in protective vests , body armor , fiber optic cables and other industrial products . Kolon makes a product called Heracron that competes with Kevlar . Five Kolon employees were charged in the indictment that was returned on August 21 by a grand jury in Richmond but kept sealed until U.S. and Korean authorities could decide how to handle the case . Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer said at a news conference that the Korean government has been fully cooperative , and the process of extraditing the Kolon employees has begun . Officials would not speculate on when the defendants might be turned over for trial . A DuPont plant in Richmond makes Kevlar . Neil MacBride , the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , said the government will seek at least $ 225 million from Kolon . The amount approximates Kolon 's profits from the sale of Heracron over six years . DuPont 's primary competitor in the industry , the Japanese firm Teijin , was also targeted by Kolon for intellectual property theft , the indictment said . Officials say the theft of trade secrets and other intellectual property amounts to hundreds of billions of dollars a year , and negatively impacts the U.S. economy . The charges of conspiracy and stealing trade secrets carry penalties of up to 10 years in prison and fines of $ 250,000 .	Indictment says Kolon Industries stole trade secrets from DuPont and a Japanese firm A DuPont plant in Richmond , Virginia , makes Kevlar The high-strength fiber is used in body armor , fiber-optic cables and industrial products
CNN  -- ISIS , al Qaeda , weapons of mass destruction -- it 's easy to understand why these threats to global stability consistently make the headlines . But it does n't take a nuclear device to devastate countries . While the international community has mobilized to tackle global threats posed by terrorism and nuclear proliferation , hundreds of thousands of people have already been killed by conventional weapons that have largely been overlooked by headlines and policymakers . Despite the immeasurable human suffering caused from Latin America to the Middle East by conventional weapons such as machine guns and grenade launchers , it has been an uphill battle to generate the international will to control and regulate this trade -- until now . After years of difficult negotiations , governments joined together to adopt the Arms Trade Treaty . The treaty , which enters into force this week , is the only global , legally binding defense against the irresponsible and largely unregulated international arms trade . I spent more than five years advising the United Nations and the diplomats that drafted it , and the treaty has enjoyed widespread global support since the U.N. General Assembly adopted it in April 2013 . Indeed , only three countries opposed its adoption : Iran , Syria and North Korea . And it 's a good treaty . It 's not a perfect one , but for the first time , the estimated $ 85 billion annual trade will have clear rules : outright prohibition of some arms transfers , greater scrutiny over others and government obligations to consider whether a transfer would contribute to violations of international humanitarian law , human rights law or be used to commit gender-based violence before a transfer is granted . In short , the treaty represents a global foundation from which countries can build and adapt their own policies . And , by formalizing the global rules of the road to help prevent powerful weapons from falling into the hands of bad actors , the security of the United States and our allies will be strengthened . So why is the United States suddenly absent from the front lines of recent discussions to shape the treaty 's future ? To its credit , the Obama administration actively participated in treaty negotiations , demanding that the text meet U.S. requirements , including that there be no change in U.S. law . These concessions allowed the United States to sign the treaty three months after it was opened for signature , and as a result the United States maintained that it wanted to be part of the treaty and help plan for its future . Yet at a meeting to discuss the future of the Arms Trade Treaty last month in Berlin , the United States was conspicuously absent . The Obama administration said it skipped the gathering because it was protesting the decision not to allow all U.S. civil society organizations and industry into the meeting . The Berlin meeting was only open to those organizations that could demonstrate a record of actively promoting the Arms Trade Treaty and supporting its objectives and purpose , preventing groups that have worked to try to undermine the treaty , such as the National Rifle Association , from admission . As a result , other governments are now questioning the depth of U.S. commitment to the treaty . And while missing one meeting may not harm the United States moving forward , its strong-arm tactics hardly seems constructive . Insisting other governments give in to U.S. demands and open the meeting to treaty opponents and nonsignatories alienates treaty supporters . After all , the treaty is no longer being negotiated -- after Wednesday it is international law , and it is time to set the treaty up for success in the long term . Of course , the Arms Trade Treaty is far from a panacea -- it is not going to put an end to all global illicit arms transfers . But it will help states develop laws , regulations and good practice to inhibit illegal and irresponsible transfers and better regulate the legitimate flow of weapons to help reduce human suffering . The U.S. reluctance to engage constructively is all the more disappointing because it has good practices and experiences on the arms trade to promote and share with other countries , and also , as the largest arms producer and exporter , its views and actions carry significant weight internationally . This treaty has been years in the making , and will help address an issue that is far too often overlooked . The United States should therefore embrace the leadership platform -- something it ca n't do from the sidelines .	Conventional weapons are often overlooked in headlines , Rachel Stohl says Stohl : Arms Trade Treaty enters into force this week U.S. must take leadership role , she says
CNN  -- An Oklahoma man said he does n't hate African-Americans and counts some of them among his best friends . Murder and hate crime charges were filed on Friday accusing him and another man of killing three strangers because they were black . Clark Brewster , lawyer for 19-year-old Jake England , told reporters Friday he would not comment specifically about the April 6 shootings that left three dead and two others wounded in Tulsa , Oklahoma . He did show a video of an interview his team conducted and recorded with England from jail , in which the suspect described the trauma of watching first his father and then , nearly two years later , his girlfriend being shot dead a few feet away from him . England also talked of growing up and living in North Tulsa , which has a large African-American community , and saying he had friends of all races . "  I always got along with everybody , " he said in the tape , recorded Friday morning . "  It did n't matter what color he was . " That view is starkly different from the portrayal of England offered by prosecutors , as well as in the probable cause affidavit that led to the arrest of him and 33-year-old Alvin Watts . In addition to commenting on his girlfriend 's suicide in January , England lamented his father 's death exactly two years earlier "  at the hands of a f -- king n -- r " in an April 5 message on his Facebook page . England said in the jailhouse interview that he used those words "  just to express how I was upset at the guy who shot my Dad " and they do not mean he was a racist . Authorities say he and Watts went into a largely African-American section of Tulsa shortly after midnight and gunned down apparent strangers at four locations . Two men and one woman died after being shot in the chest -- with one of them found "  lying face down " outside a funeral home -- while two others were shot and survived . All the shooting victims are black . Police have identified Watts and England as white , though the probable cause affidavit released Friday noted England was a co-owner of a truck that had Cherokee Nation license plates . Three Crime Stoppers tips helped lead authorities to the men , according to the affidavit . In the first , made last Saturday , a caller described England as "  a racist  who  hates black males " and said he had "  bragged about other shootings . " Another person phoned to say that England had gone off to burn his truck , which was similar to the vehicle seen by several people -- including one of the survivors -- in and around the area where the shootings took place . Sheriff deputies soon after found a 1989 Chevy truck with the Cherokee Nation tag on fire in North Tulsa . The third caller to contact Crime Stoppers on April 7 said England had "  made several comments about killing black people " and wanted "  justice " for his father 's killing . This person added that England "  uses drugs and will not go down without a fight . " Neither England nor Watts offered resistance when they were taken into custody early Sunday , Tulsa Police Capt. Jonathan Brooks said . England confessed to shooting three people , while fellow suspect Watts admitted to police that he shot the other two , both of which were fatal , according to police documents . Tulsa County District Attorney Tim Harris on Friday filed charges against both men on three counts of first-degree murder tied to the deaths of 54-year-old Bobby Clark , 49-year-old Dannaer Fields and 31-year-old William Terrell Allen . They also face two counts of shooting with intent to kill related to the two people who were wounded , according to the press release from the district attorney 's office . In addition , the men face five counts of malicious harassment . The district attorney notes that , according to Oklahoma law , the charge infers that a person has acted "  maliciously and with the specific intent to intimidate or harass another person because of that person 's race , color , religion , ancestry , national origin or disability . " The charge is equivalent to a hate crime under Oklahoma law , according to Partners Against Hate , a joint project of the Anti-Defamation League , the Leadership Conference Education Fund and the Center for Preventing Hate nonprofit groups . The Rev. Jesse Jackson , speaking Friday outside the First Baptist Church in North Tulsa , challenged why this "  hate crime " charge is considered a misdemeanor , and not a felony , in Oklahoma . The maximum penalty for a conviction is a year in prison and a $ 1,000 fine . Still , the civil rights leader lauded authorities for filing charges in the case that effectively asserted the victims were targeted due to their race . The Rev. Al Sharpton voiced a similar sentiment , canceling a planned trip to Tulsa and saying in a statement he was "  glad that  prosecutors  filed first-degree murder and hate crime charges . " "  We 're glad that they 've made that decision in the right direction today , " Jackson said . Brewster said he decided to represent England after getting a letter Monday from the suspect 's mother , who has been incarcerated for the past 11 years . The lawyer described his client as a hard-working young man who had served as a father figure to his teenage sister and is himself the father of a baby son born to his late girlfriend . He also said England harbors no ill will toward African-Americans . "  Many  of his friends  are black . He has family members that are black . And there 's no hatred of blacks in him at all , " said Brewster . The U.S. Justice Department is investigating the Tulsa shootings to determine if federal civil rights were violated , said spokeswoman Xochitl Hinojosa . She called it an "  open investigation , " but not a hate crimes investigation per se . Watts and England will appear in court Monday , when a judge will set a date for a preliminary hearing . Prosecutors filed a motion Friday asking that both defendants be held without bond and not be released if they come up with the $ 9.16 million bond set Monday , when authorities outlined murder but not the malicious harassment charges . "  Both defendants are a danger to public safety in this community , and they have strong incentive to flee the jurisdiction if they were able to make bond , " the prosecution argued . The maximum sentence for each charge of shooting with intent to kill is life in prison . England and Watts could face anywhere from life with the possibility of parole or a death sentence for the murder charges . First District Attorney Doug Drummond said in a press release that the prosecution likely will decide whether to seek the death penalty after the preliminary hearing is complete . Calling the shootings "  tragic and senseless , " Drummond characterized the filing of charges as a "  first step to obtain justice . " Jackson similarly cautioned against celebrating too early that the suspects were detained and charged , noting the legal process ahead could be long and complicated . "  This is a first down , not a touchdown , " he said . "  This is a charge , not a conviction . " CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Jake England says he got along with everybody , "  no matter what color " NEW : Tipsters said England was "  racist " and talked of killing black people NEW : Prosecutors ask that he and another suspect be held without bond They are accused of killing 3 blacks last week in Tulsa , wounding 2 others
CNN  -- Meet Phonchan Kraiwatnutsorn  Newey  and you quickly get the feeling , she is a no-nonsense young lady with a driving personality . But you do n't need Thai lessons to pronounce her name , because she goes by the nickname "  Newey " . Most Thais forsake their formal names for a single nickname . At 30 , Newey is a Thai citizen and director of the Youth Venture program in Thailand , an initiative that is empowering young "  changemakers , " as the parent organization Ashoka calls them , to improve the quality of life in their communities . Ashoka is a global , not-for-profit organization working to promote social change . What they do and how they do it will be the subject of Newey 's blogs , because it is very different from anything you 've ever seen . We 'll link you to Ashoka 's Web site as well . Newey has quite a track record of working in this field , having co-founded YIY , a youth group that creates opportunities for young people to grow into engaged citizens and social entrepreneurs . Her day-to-day role as Youth Venture director takes her to all parts of Thailand to meet , encourage and support 14-24 year-olds -- be they middle class , underprivileged , marginalized , or delinquent . The challenge is to develop an idea that benefits their community . Youth Venture provides them with the necessary tools and resources in addition to linking them with mentors , ultimately allowing them to develop and implement projects that are far more broad and sustaining than they could achieve on their own . By helping the programs get off the ground , dealing with the obstacles , learning from mistakes , she and her Youth Venture teams are really making a difference in people 's lives . Newey 's going to show you how they are doing this . As for Newey , she 's a deep individual and an artist at heart . She doggedly pursued her desire to learn the art of bookmaking a few years back , something that requires severe patience , all the way to the U.S. . She paid for the trip with her own savings . "  Reading and writing is a way to peace and a channel to express myself , " Newey says of her true love . Over the course of the next year , Newey will show you her work in the teeming city of Bangkok , but also take you to the rural countryside , where conditions can be even more challenging . E-mail to a friend	Phonchan "  Newey " Kraiwatnutsorn will be reporting from Bangkok , Thailand She is director of Youth Venture , a program started by parent organization Ashoka Newey works to meet and support young people from a range of backgrounds
CNN  -- U.N. officials on Tuesday put the number of rapes and other sexual attacks in eastern Congo since late July at more than 500 , more than double the previous estimate . In remarks prepared for delivery to the Security Council after returning from a fact-finding trip to the region , U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Atul Khare cited 267 rapes or other sexual attacks in the town of Uvira -- on the eastern edge of the country -- and other nearby regions of North and South Kivu , in addition to the 242 rapes that had already been reported in and near the village of Luvungi . Among the additional cases was a report of 10 women raped by members of the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of Congo on August 17 and 18 in the community of Katalukulu , in Fizi territory , South Kivu , he said . On August 17 , at least 40 rapes were committed in the village of Mubi by an alleged coalition of Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda and Mayi-Mayi , a militia group active in the region , he said . Another 13 rapes occurred in Pinga area in Chuho market , he said . On August 26 , Khare received reports of 74 cases of sexual violence -- including 21 directed at girls 7 to 15 years of age -- and six men in the village of Miki in the territory of Mwenga , he said . The incidents occurred in July and August , he said . Five days later , he said , 130 cases of rape were recorded in several villages in the territory of Shabunda . There were reports that in one village , "  all women might have been systematically raped , " he said . Khare had gone to Congo to find out why peacekeepers said they had n't learned about the rapes near Luvungi sooner . The United Nations reported last week that some 242 people were raped by armed Congolese and Rwandan rebels in villages in North Kivu province between July 30 and August 3 . Attackers blocked roads and prevented villagers from reaching outside communications . Many homes were also looted and burned . Many of the victims were gang-raped by as many as six men at a time , according to the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The rapes were first publicly reported on August 22 . The United Nations initially said it did not learn about the attacks until August 12 , when it was alerted by International Medical Corps . That group said it first told the United Nations about the rapes on August 6 . But on Tuesday , the United Nations acknowledged that it first learned of a report of rape on July 30 , nearly two weeks earlier than it had previously said . "  We can confirm that the Daily Field Security Report from North Kivu on 30 July included the following : ` Today 30 July 2010 during morning hours , the locality of Mpofi  52 Km E of Walikale  passed under control of FDLR -LSB- Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda -RSB- combatants . One woman was reportedly raped and locals fled towards Walikale and Kibua . More information to be ascertained . ' "  We can also confirm that , on the basis of this information , an e-mail was sent by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs transmitting information of the FDLR movement , " it said . The July 30 internal U.N. email was relayed to relief agencies working in the area and warned that the rebels had taken over the villages , and had already committed one instance of rape . U.N. officials have said they will toughen efforts to stop rapes in the region . "  The women of eastern DRC deserve better , " said Margot Wallstrom , a U.N. special representative for sexual violence in conflict who sent a senior member of her staff with Khare on his fact-finding mission to the region . "  For them , there is no safe place . They are raped when harvesting crops ; when going to market ; when fetching water and firewood ; when carrying their babies ; when in their homes at night , among their loved ones . " She added that the rape is becoming a weapon of choice in eastern DRC . "  The sad reality is that incidents of rape have become so commonplace that they do not trigger our most urgent interventions , " she said . Noting that the information about the rapes "  was slow to surface , " she called for the United Nations to focus on how to improve its response to such reports . "  We should examine the U.N. 's response , including that of our peacekeepers on the ground , not in a spirit of self-recrimination but with a determination and resolve to do better to protect civilians in what is undoubtedly one of the most complex , vast and volatile conflict zones in the world . " She noted that some rebel leaders have been identified as having been present during the attacks and called for them to be used "  as a starting point " to bring the attackers to justice . "  Our policies of ` zero tolerance ' can not be backed by a reality of ` zero consequences , ' " she said .	The figure is more than double the previous number All women in one village may have been raped , according to some reports A U.N. Daily Field Security Report cited July 30 rape "  The women of eastern DRC deserve better , " says U.N. official
CNN  -- Cleanup efforts unfolded Monday in Pakistan 's largest city , Karachi , after torrential monsoon rain over the weekend killed dozens , cut power to 15 million and broke a 32-year record . Pakistanis push a stranded auto-rickshaw along a flooded street in Karachi on Sunday . Officials combed the city looking for bodies . The health department confirmed 32 deaths and said it received reports of more . "  Most of them are either from drowning or they were deaths when the walls or roofs of their houses collapses , " said Dr. A.D. Sajnani of the health department . "  The entire city is disrupted , " said Muhammad Aly Balagamwala , a Karachi businessman . "  Most places lost power for 28 to 30 hours , and some are still without power . The rain flooded offices . We lost water . Everything is shut down . " Many residents took to the streets to protest the massive power outage in the southern city . They threw rocks at the offices of the power company and burned tires . "  I guess there comes a point you just snap and you ca n't take it anymore , " Balagamwala said . "  To the credit of the government , a lot of cleanup work has been done since last night . " The rain began Friday night , and by Sunday the city had received almost 9 inches  22.9 cm  , the most since 1977 , said Mayor Syed Mustafa Kamal . Storm drains overflowed , water-logging streets and alleyways . Monsoon rains sweep across the subcontinent from June to September . While they bring much-needed relief to often-parched farmlands , they also leave a trail of landslides , home collapses and floods that sometimes claim dozens of lives .	By Sunday , Karachi had received almost 9 inches  22.9 cm  of rain , mayor says Last time city received as much rainfall was in 1977 , mayor adds Deaths mostly from drowning , wall or roof collapses , health department official says
He was a basketball-loving kid from the Midwest who turned into a jihadi-fighting terrorist in Syria -- and then died there . Exactly what spurred Douglas McAuthur McCain 's metamorphosis remains murky . But while his radicalization and death have stunned loved ones back home , his actions abroad have raised fears that other Americans may follow suit . Here 's what we know about the 33-year-old man who died while fighting for ISIS , the radical militant group that has captured swaths of Iraq and Syria and spawned major concerns in the United States : U.S. on alert amid new claim of American killed in Syria He grew up in Minnesota McCain grew up in the Minneapolis suburb of New Hope , his friend Isaac Chase said . The two lived in the same New Hope apartment building and became fast friends . "  When I first moved here , I did n't know anyone , so I went to the park and I would see him and his brother and a bunch of other people playing basketball , and he asked me if I wanted to play , " Chase said . "  We just hung out pretty much from 10 o'clock in the morning all the way until nighttime . We 'd just play basketball and talk . ... He was an older guy that I looked up to . He was actually a good dude . " Chase remembers McCain as a nice , quiet young man , but one who was looking for purpose in life . When Chase joined the Air Force in 2007 and served in Iraq , McCain was impressed that his friend was making something of his life and wanted to do the same , Chase said . But after learning that McCain died while fighting for ISIS , which is trying to establish an Islamic state across Iraq and Syria , his friend was bewildered . "  It just hurts a little bit knowing that if he was over there and I was over there at the same time , we would 've been going against each other , " Chase said . "  That 's what hurts the most because he was a good person , and I just do n't understand why anyone would do anything to the U.S. " His family is stunned And he was raised by good parents , Chase added . He said McCain 's mother attended church regularly , while the father is deceased . Ken McCain described the nephew he knew as "  a good person , loved his family , loved his mother , loved his faith " -- the latter being a reference to Christianity he practiced before his conversion to Islam several years ago . Opinion : When Americans leave for jihad The family was n't alarmed by his conversion . But McCain 's Facebook posts sympathetic to ISIS got relatives ' attention , the uncle said . "  We are devastated , and we are just as surprised as the country is , " Ken McCain said of the news his nephew had become a jihadi in Syria . But not every family member believes Douglas McCain joined ISIS , a group with tactics so brutal even al Qaeda has disowned it . "  We 're from Chicago . We grew up in Minnesota , " his cousin Kenyata McCain told CNN affiliate KARE . "  He 's not a terrorist . That 's crazy . " "  His religion was very important to him , but those people -- the ISIS people -- they do n't represent what my cousin 's beliefs are or were at all . " Kenyata McCain -- who said Douglas commented about her sons growing up on a Facebook photo a few days before his death -- wondered if her cousin may have gotten caught up in the wrong crowd . "  Why was he in Syria ? ... What kind of people was he hanging around ? I feel like maybe it was the people he was hanging out with because that 's not who he is . He 's not ISIS , " she said . Spent time in California , Sweden , Turkey Douglas McCain did n't take a straight path from Minnesota to Syria , from Christianity to an extreme brand of Islam , from "  good person " to accused terrorist . Physically , he moved around some as well . That includes time in Southern California , where he attended San Diego City College , according to spokesman Jack Beresford . At the beginning of this decade , McCain also spent time in Sweden . An acquaintance of his in that Scandinavian nation , Kevin Tornstrom Kohlin , remembers him as "  a really good basketball player " and a "  fun guy who spread a lot of good energy . " "  I never noticed him giving any bad energy , at all , to anybody , " Kohlin said from Vasteras , Sweden . "  Everybody who met him , of those I know , remember him the same way . " McCain appeared to have no problem with anyone 's religion -- including that of Kohlin , who is Christian . While all his stops are n't publicly known , uncle Ken McCain did say that his nephew was in Turkey when he last touched base with him a few months ago . Not coincidentally , Turkey borders Syria . From hip-hop dancer to jihadist : How dad tracked down son in Syria U.S. government had been monitoring him McCain had several run-ins with local law enforcement in Minnesota since 2000 , according to the Hennepin County Sheriff 's Office . These include arrests for disorderly conduct , speeding , driving after revocation , theft by swindle and giving an officer false information . And in 2003 , he paid a $ 250 fine after pleading guilty to having marijuana in a motor vehicle , according to court records . Still , these were minor issues , certainly not matters of national security . In the early 2000s , though , Douglas McCain did come to the federal government 's attention , according to a U.S. official . He was associated over the years with numerous people who authorities were watching -- including one from Minnesota who ended up dying in Somalia while fighting as a jihadi -- the official said . But there was no indication that McCain was involved in anything nefarious during his time in the Midwest . Things changed , though , as the years went by . U.S. counterterrorism investigators had been looking into his activities for some time before his death , a U.S. official said . McCain was on a list of Americans who are believed to have joined militant groups and who would be stopped and subjected to additional scrutiny if he traveled . It 's not clear when McCain got on that list . Moreover , U.S. authorities did not learn that he was in Turkey until he was already there , according to a U.S. official . How and why he moved on to Syria , how and why he became a jihadist and joined ISIS , befuddles those who knew him back in the United States . Some clues about his final days , weeks and months may lie in a Twitter account reported to be that of McCain 's . A June 9 message read : "  I will be joining you guys soon . " He followed up the next day , "  I 'm with the brothers now . " Then came this perhaps telling retweet , on June 26 : "  It takes a warrior to understand a warrior . "  Pray for ISIS . " Who is the ISIS ? How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda	Retweet from McCain 's purported account refers to warriors ; says "  pray for ISIS " Cousin says McCain commented on a photo of her sons just before his death The Minnesota-bred McCain died while fighting for the radical militant group ISIS in Syria The U.S. government had tracked McCain , but did n't know he had traveled to Turkey
Camden , Maine  CNN  -- Want to help save the humpback whale ? Pick up a camera and start taking pictures , says Gale McCullough , a "  fluke matcher " at Allied Whale , a research group . McCullough is a citizen scientist -- a do-goodery term for volunteers who help collect data about the natural world -- who uses the photo-sharing site Flickr to catalog photos of whales . Not just any photos , though . She 's specifically interested in the humpback 's fluke , or the tail . On humpbacks , the underside of the fluke carries unique identifying information in the form of a splotchy black and white pattern . This can be used to tell one whale from another , much the way fingerprints work for humans . McCullough spends time looking through these whale-tail photos and matching them to each other . Combining that data with dates , she and other scientists can track a particular whale 's movement over time , giving each of these enormous marine mammals a story that otherwise would be unknown . To learn more about the whales , however , more photos are needed . "  If you go whale watching , take a camera , " she said in an interview on a boat off the coast of Maine , where she was speaking to a group of people attending the annual PopTech conference . "  And then put it on Flickr . I 'll find it . " The conclusions scientists draw from these amateur photos are not insignificant . Last year , for example , McCullough -- a spry , gray-haired woman who wears tinted glasses that nearly cover her face and an orange jacket bright enough to make onlookers wish they had tinted lenses of their own -- did a casual Flickr search and noticed that a particular humpback whale , No. 1363 in the official whale catalog , had been spotted by a man who was on vacation in Madagascar . Two years before that photo was taken , the same whale was seen off the coast of Brazil , some 6,000 miles away . That migration route was longer than any that had been recorded for a single humpback , according to a journal article that cited the finding . "  This observation is altogether unprecedented , " Peter Stevick , a marine biologist at College of the Atlantic , and author of that article , told Wired Science . "  There are only a few humpback whales that have been seen in more than one breeding ground before this , and they moved to relatively nearby areas -- eastern to western Australia , eastern to western Africa , for example . " "  We have to rearrange the way we feel about the ocean now , " McCullough said in 2010 . With more photos to comb through , more discoveries could be made , she said . She encouraged anyone who goes on a whale-watching trip to try to take photographs of the whale 's fluke . Wait much longer than you think you should to click the shutter , though , because the fluke becomes visible just before the whale dives back down into the ocean , she said . If you upload the photos to a public photo-sharing website -- Flickr is just one of many -- and tag them with a date and location , then scientists may be able to use that photo to track the whale on its journeys through the ocean . McCullough said photos of whales in South Africa and Madagascar are particularly needed . Taking a photo of a whale can be the start of a lifelong learning experience , she said . "  Whales are a great way to take people down into the ocean . "	Volunteers match and analyze whale photos on Flickr Citizen scientist discovers record migration on photo-sharing site Gale McCullough : More whale photos could lead to new findings Researchers need photos of the underside of whales ' tails , or flukes
CNN  An improvised bomb exploded near a U.N. vehicle traveling near the northeastern Somali city of Garowe on Monday morning , killing six people -- including four aid workers for the international children 's agency UNICEF . Somalia 's President called it "  an attack against the future of our country . " The attack follows a separate incident Sunday in which three African Union troops died in an ambush in the Lower Shabelle region of Somalia . The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for Monday 's attack , which occurred about 8 a.m. in the administrative capital of the autonomous Puntland region , according to the United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia . Four of the victims were foreigners and two were Somalis , said Ahmed Abdullahi Samatar , the police chief of Puntland . UNICEF , the U.N. aid agency focused on children , said it employed four of the dead . Four other workers were in serious condition , the agency said . The bomb went off as a vehicle was taking workers from their guest house to their office . The local police chief said the bomber was inside the vehicle among the U.N. staff . The bomber also died in the attack , according to authorities . Nick Kay , the special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Somalia , condemned the attack on his Twitter account . "  Shocked and appalled by loss of life , " he said . Somalia 's President , Hassan Sheikh Mohamud , said he was horrified by the attack . "  This attack is not just targeted at the United Nations , but in attacking UNICEF , Al-Shabaab has also attacked Somali children . It is an attack against the future of our country and I condemn it in the strongest possible terms , " he said . UNICEF called the slain workers "  an integral part of UNICEF 's work in Somalia , dedicated to improving the lives of others . " Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-affiliated terrorist group based in Somalia , caused outrage this month by carrying out an attack on a Kenyan university . Nearly 150 people , most of them students , died in that attack . In the Sunday incident , three African Union troops were ambushed in the Lower Shabelle region . The African Union Commission for Somalia , or AMISOM , said Sunday that the troops died during a "  spirited fight " with attackers . "  This attack on AMISOM peacekeepers is part of the continuous effort to subvert Somalia . It is an attempt at disrupting the growth that is evident across all regions , by the enemies of the Somali people . The blood of our brothers will however not be shed in vain . AMISOM will remain committed to pacifying Somalia , " said AMISOM Ambassador Maman S. Sidikou . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau and journalist Omar Nor contributed to this report .	The bombing is "  an attack against the future of our country , " Somalia 's President says UNICEF says the staff members ' vehicle was hit by an explosion on its way to their office Four wounded staff members are in serious condition , the agency says
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- A Kurdish separatist movement has denied involvement in a bombing Thursday that killed nine people in a southeastern Turkish province , an explosion that drew swift condemnation and a vow to respond from Turkey 's prime minister . The Kurdistan Workers ' Party , known as the PKK , said the cease-fire it declared last month , which is slated to expire September 20 , "  is still continuing . " "  Our decision will definitely remain the same unless a new serious situation emerges , " said a PKK statement published on Firat News Agency , a pro-Kurdish website . The casualties -- which included four wounded -- occurred when a minibus drove over a landmine in a Hakkari province village . Provincial officials initially said 10 people had died , but amended that count . In a news release sent to CNN , the PKK blamed the attack on what it called pro-government contra-guerrillas . Later , the PKK warned the Turkish government , saying , "  The people of Hakkari is -LSB- sic -RSB- not alone . " The cease-fire had been declared for the Muslim month of Ramadan , which ended last week . It was issued in response to a call from Kurdish intellectuals and civil society organizations . Speaking at an event in Istanbul , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that "  terrorism " is forcing Turkey to "  pay a price . " "  This will not be without a response , " he said . The volatile southeastern region is home to Turkey 's ethnic Kurdish minority and the PKK , a one-time separatist group considered a terrorist organization by the Turkish government . Turkey is reeling from a bloody summer of clashes with the PKK , the latest in a conflict that has simmered for more than 25 years . More than 30,000 people , mostly ethnic Kurds , have been killed . Initially , the PKK fought to carve out a separate homeland for Turkey 's ethnic Kurdish minority , which makes up roughly 20 percent of the Turkish population . But in recent years , the rebels have said they are giving up their demands for an independent Kurdish state , and are instead fighting for more cultural freedoms . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this story .	Erdogan vows to respond to explosion in southeast Turkey The death toll stands at 9 PKK denies involvement in the attack
CNN  -- Taliban insurgents have killed 14 Afghan National Security forces , including two policemen , in northern Afghanistan , government officials said . About 180 Afghan security forces were traveling in a convoy Sunday when more than 200 Taliban fighters attacked them in a very remote part of Sar-e-Pul province , Gov. Abdul Jabar Haqbeen told CNN . The Taliban captured six soldiers , 17 others were injured , and 23 Taliban insurgents were killed in the fighting , Haqbeen said . Also on Sunday , a suicide attack in Wardak province killed 14 people , including nine civilians , a province spokesman said . A car full of explosives blew up near an Afghan National Army vehicle , according to Wardak officials . Two other vehicles with civilians were also destroyed in the blast , and six people were injured , officials said . Drone strikes kill 8 in Afghanistan , Pakistan Mohammad Ehsan Popalzai contributed to this report .	Insurgents strike a military convoy in northern Afghanistan and kill 14 people , officials say 200 Taliban fighters attack 180 Afghan forces in a remote part of Sar-e-Pul province Taliban capture six soldiers , Afghan forces kill 23 Taliban in the fighting , officials say A suicide car bomb in Wardak province kills 14 people , including nine civilians
CNN  -- Images of chimpanzees on television or in the movies depict cute , cuddly and smart animals . So it 's no wonder that some people , perhaps those with exotic tastes , may seek them out as pets . A chimp comes up to the fence to inspect visitors at an animal sanctuary in Fort Pierce , Florida . Some chimp owners will even dress the animal in diapers and treat them like a doll or a child . But playing that way with chimps is risking lives , the president of the Humane Society of the United States said . Wayne Pacelle wants people to know that chimps kill in the wild . "  Their behavior , which is born into them , can come out even if you put the animal in a bed at night , even if you dress them up in a tutu . They are still wild animals , " he said . Pacelle 's organization estimates about 15,000 monkeys and other primates are living as either pets or in private zoos . "  As infants they are fascinating , " said Beth Preiss , who directs the organization 's Exotic Pet Campaign . "  But they grow up and become dangerous to manage . " Just how dangerous was demonstrated Monday when a pet chimp named Travis attacked his owner 's friend in Stamford , Connecticut . When Sandra Herold could n't pull her nearly 200-pound chimp off of Charla Nash , she tried to drive him away by stabbing him with a butcher knife and hitting him with a shovel . When that failed to stop the vicious attack , Travis ' owner -- heard on a 911 tape -- asked the police to shoot the chimp in order to stop the attack . They did and Travis died of gunshot wounds . The victim of the attack remains hospitalized with extensive injuries to her face and hands . While being raised by Herold , Travis was treated like a member of the family . "  I cooked for him , I shopped for him , I lived with him , I slept with him , " Herold told WNYW . Preiss said she believes the only place primates should be sleeping is under the stars . "  When chimps are kept in captivity we think they should be kept in as natural environment as possible , " she said . One of those seminatural environments for chimps raised in captivity is operated by the nonprofit organization Save The Chimps . The sanctuary in Fort Pierce , Florida , has several three-acre islands among 200 acres of wilderness where 150 chimpanzees roam free . The chimps arrive from different types of captivity . Some are former pets , but there are also some descendants of NASA 's space chimps and some chimps used in labs for medical research . Watch what life is like for the animals at the sanctuary " It is the former pets that have the hardest time adjusting , according to Jen Feuerstein , director of operations for Save the Chimps . "  We make them dependent on human beings for their survival , " Feuerstein said . Travis was 14 years old when he attacked , six years older than the age chimps used for entertainment are usually retired . They are adorable as babies but "  when grown , they are seven times stronger than an adult human and capable of causing some very serious harm , " Feuerstein said . Herold said she did not have a problem with Travis in the past . "  He did n't have anything but love until this freak accident , " she told WNYW . Pacelle saw it differently . "  This is a perfectly predictable outcome of an inherently dangerous situation , " he said . Police in Connecticut say Travis had acted out previously . The chimp , which was well-known and liked in the community , escaped in 2003 and "  wreaked havoc " on the streets of Stamford for a couple of hours , said Stamford Police Capt. Rich Conklin . Pacelle finds it outrageous that some people raise chimps as pets . "  If the owners are stupid enough to allow this animal into their home , they should n't be allowed to jeopardize the rest of the community , " he said . At least 20 states have laws that make owning a primate illegal . The Humane Society is asking people to support the passing of The Captive Primate Safety Act , which would prohibit interstate and foreign commerce for primates as pets . Preiss gave three reasons why chimps should n't be pets . "  One ,  they 're  too dangerous , two , they can transmit disease , " she said , and third , "  they belong in the wild . "	Chimp owners who treat them like pets are risking lives , Humane Society says About 15,000 monkeys and other primates are living as either pets or in private zoos Pet chimp viciously attacked his owner 's friend in Stamford , Connecticut , on Monday Save The Chimps is among groups offering sanctuary to chimps raised in captivity
CNN  -- Johnny Cash was , at heart , a storyteller . In that dramatic , Old Testament voice , he sang songs -- about prisons , about trains , about loneliness and hurt and truth -- and made them his own , sounding as if he 'd lived them himself . "  Folsom Prison Blues , " "  One Piece at a Time , " "  The Beast in Me " -- whether Cash wrote them or not , he made you believe . "  That was his chief strength , " says Robert Hilburn , the author of a new Cash biography , "  Johnny Cash : The Life . " "  He was always best when he tried to tell his own story , or something he cared about . " The thing about being a storyteller , of course , is that stories are often embellished . Cash was no different . Despite being the subject of scores of articles -- and having written two autobiographies himself -- the tales of his life often varied , depending on the time , the setting and the tale-teller . This is not to diminish Cash 's faith and character , but it proved a challenge in writing a biography , says Hilburn , a longtime music reporter who interviewed Cash several times and witnessed the famed 1968 Folsom Prison concert . "  The surprising thing to me was how much you had to check what John said . He would often exaggerate or dramatize what happened , " he says . "  It would be a germ of truth , but he would make it into something more interesting to convey that truth . " Moreover , Cash 's complete story was mostly hidden . When Hilburn asked Cash manager Lou Robin how much of the Cash story had been told , Robin replied , "  About 20 % . " "  Johnny Cash : A Life " attempts to clear the air . Herewith , a few of the fascinating stories from Johnny Cash 's colorful life : 1 . His name was actually J.R. Cash . His mother wanted to name him John , after her father . His father wanted to name him Ray , after himself . So the two settled on "  J.R. " Cash did n't adopt the name "  John " until he was in his teens . 2 . He , ah , borrowed a lot of what became "  Folsom Prison Blues . " Cash was fascinated by prison songs , and more to the point , by loneliness .  He never served hard time himself , though he did a few nights in local jails .  For his signature hit , he was inspired by a prison documentary he saw in the Air Force and a Gordon Jenkins song called "  Crescent City Blues . " The Jenkins song has a similar structure , a similar melody and many of the same lines , but what Cash added was his distinctive directness -- "  I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die " is all Cash -- and that uptempo chicka-chicka rhythm . He never denied using Jenkins ' song . "  He will tell you in a minute that he stole the song , " his longtime bassist , Marshall Grant , told Hilburn . "  But he made it a more interesting song . "  Cash did , though , end up paying Jenkins $ 75,000 . 3 . The chicka-chicka sound was an accident . Cash 's songs are noted for their distinctive rhythmic clicking sound , one that echoes the trains he liked to write about so much . You can thank the amateurishness of early Cash practices with Grant and Luther Perkins , the Tennessee Two . "  They were literally going from one note to the next like someone typing in a halting hunt-and-peck style , " writes Hilburn . "  They just could n't get beyond that simple , primitive sound . ... It was just about the only way they could play . " 4 . He and Elvis Presley had the same manager . No , not Tom Parker . Try Bob Neal , originally a DJ at a Memphis radio station . Neal was a friend of Sun Records ' Sam Phillips -- the two later founded a management firm -- and handled Elvis for about 18 months until Parker came into the picture in 1955 . Neal let Parker take over Presley 's management and took on Cash and other Sun Records musicians . But lightning struck him twice : Cash struck up a friendship with Stu Carnall , a California booking agent , who became Neal 's management partner -- and then Cash 's sole manager . "  All of a sudden Stu Carnall comes in and  Neal 's  thinking , ` This ca n't happen twice , ' and he takes him away , " says Hilburn . Cash later left Carnall for Saul Holiff , who guided his career until the 1970s . 5 . He did n't start wearing black for "  the poor and beaten down . " That may have become true , as he sings in "  Man in Black " -- Cash always had sympathy for the downtrodden -- but the original reason was simply because he liked it . "  I 'm comfortable in it , " he told Larry King in 2002 . And why not ? Fashionistas will tell you : Black is stylish and hides a host of sins . 6 . He was a champion hotel room destroyer . Wrecking hotel rooms is now associated with the excesses of rock stars -- Keith Moon was a particularly bad boy -- but Cash was so adept at it that he knew exactly what the furnishings cost . Hilburn quotes George Jones -- admittedly a pretty good tale-spinner himself -- who once got in an argument with Cash and went on a spree . With each item Jones broke , Cash named the price . Jones was then sent a bill by management . "  All of Cash 's predicted costs were accurate right down to the penny , " Hilburn writes . 7 . The Nickajack Cave suicide attempt ? Probably did n't happen . This story has become part of Cash lore . Hooked on drugs , miserable over his divorce , Cash crawled into Tennessee 's Nickajack Cave in 1967 and waited to die . Instead , he found God and decided to quit drugs . But , Hilburn discovered , "  Nickajack Cave was underwater in the fall of 1967 . " And Cash did n't get clean immediately ; he was still taking pills at the 1968 Folsom Prison concert months later . The tale had a point , though . "  The story dramatized the feelings of helplessness and recovery , " writes Hilburn . 8 . There are more Cash-Bob Dylan duets out there . The two sang together on Dylan 's "  Girl from the North Country , " which appeared on Dylan 's "  Nashville Skyline . " But producer Bob Johnston recorded several songs at the February 1969 session , including Cash 's "  I Still Miss Someone " and "  Understand Your Man , " as well as some Jimmie Rodgers tunes . Though it has popped up on bootlegs , the music has never been officially released . "  I do n't understand why Columbia does n't release that album , " Hilburn says . "  It might have confused fans at that time , but today , as a historical document , it 's just amazing . " 9 . He should n't be filed under "  country . " No offense to the denizens of Music Row , but Johnny Cash was bigger than country music . "  He never wanted to go to Nashville . He wanted to separate himself , " says Hilburn . "  He was n't aiming for that hit on the jukebox . He was as interested in gospel music and folk music and blues as he was probably in country music , and when rock 'n' roll comes along he incorporates part of that . " Cash , he continues , "  had a very wide vision . I never realized until I started writing the book and researching how strong an artist he was . He wanted to record the music he wanted to record , and that was pretty amazing . "	Johnny Cash is the subject of a new biography Cash had truth in his voice , but he was master storyteller Challenge for biographer to separate facts from fiction Cash known for "  Folsom Prison Blues , " "  Man in Black "
-LSB- Breaking news update , 10:07 p.m. ET -RSB- The U.S. Senate passed a $ 1.1 trillion spending bill that will fund the government through September , approving it in an unusual Saturday evening vote . -LSB- Previous story , 9:09 p.m. ET -RSB- The Senate passed a short-term spending bill that will fund the government through Wednesday , averting a shutdown while the chamber debates a bill to fund the government . President Barack Obama signed the stopgap funding bill Saturday evening . Without it , funding was due to dry up Saturday night . The Senate will vote Saturday night on the $ 1.1 trillion package that would fund the government through next September , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid announced on the Senate floor . The bill has already passed the House . Sen. Mitch McConnell , the incoming Senate majority leader , had previously reached a deal with Reid to adjourn for the weekend and resume Monday to clear the bill . But in a surprise development , some of McConnell 's junior members defied the agreement after he left . Reid tried to get unanimous consent for an adjournment until Monday when there would be enough votes to end a filibuster , but Sen. Mike Lee , a Republican from Utah , objected because Reid would not guarantee a vote on an amendment dealing with immigration funding . Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas also joined the objection , forcing the Senate to meet on Saturday . Reid then announced to an almost empty chamber that the Senate would be in session beginning at noon Saturday . Will the government keep operating ? The Senate was facing a Saturday deadline to approve the spending bill and avert a government shutdown , but that was pushed back . The chamber has been sifting through many of the same arguments that tied up the House on Thursday , when disagreements over immigration and provisions related to Wall Street and campaign finance nearly derailed the bill . Senate lawmakers wanted votes on amendments that would address those issues . Two votes are expected Monday : a procedural vote to block a filibuster and end debate on the bill , and a second one on the final passage . ` Using every tool available ' Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Massachusetts , and Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana , filed an amendment that would strip a provision that softens financial regulations on banks from the spending bill . "  Congress should not put taxpayers on the hook for another bailout , and this giveaway that was drafted by Citigroup lobbyists has no place in a critical government funding bill , " Warren said . Cruz , a chief critic of Obama 's recent executive action on immigration , also said he wanted a vote to block it . "  I think it is critical that the Senate have the opportunity to have a clear up or down vote on funding President Obama 's illegal executive amnesty , " he told reporters . "  I am using every tool available to help bring about that vote . " But by making the procedural move , Reid prevented those amendments from being considered . Amendment votes could have been risky , because if either measure passed , the spending bill would have to go back to the House to be voted on again . While the House is technically in session , most members have left Washington until the new Congress convenes in early January . A day after his administration scrambled to save the bill when it appeared it might be defeated in the House , the President said he was pulling for it in the Senate . "  I 'm glad it passed the House and am hopeful that it will pass the Senate , " Obama said .	Senate passes short-term funding measure Lawmakers from both parties seeking amendments 5-day continuing resolution expected to keep government operating until bill is completed
CNN  -- Pop heartthrob Justin Bieber may be the perfect Trojan horse for a meme . Teeny-bopper singers are usually viewed as empty vessels meant to fill the marketing needs of cynical record executives . But as a child growing famous in the digital-remix age , Biebz seems more than that : The 16-year-old is like a white screen on which our trends can be projected . For a case in point , listen to the enigmatic "  U Smile 800 % Slower , " which has become a sensation on the web . "  U Smile , " the second single from Bieber 's new album , was slowed down 800 percent and uploaded to the web by Nick Pittsinger , a 20-year-old aspiring music producer in Florida . The song 's trippy atmospherics have attracted more than 1.6 million plays online . Assuming you do n't have 35 minutes to spare -- remember , it 's eight times as long as the original four-minute pop song -- "  U Smile 800 % Slower " turns the high-pitched bleats of the pubescent signer into primal howls and cries that seem to linger forever . Imagine the mating calls of killer whales being vibrated through a Roman cathedral . The song is reminiscent of late '90s work from Icelandic artists Sigur Ros and Bjork , as Bieber 's voice is both heavily deconstructed and eerily intimate . Compare this with the original "  U Smile , " which sounds much less memorable . However , there is a twist . MTV News suggests the Justin Bieber "  remix " may not be a slowed-down version of "  U Smile , " but an untitled song from the Milwaukee collective Photon Wave Orchestra 's 2010 EP "  Echoes Across the Astral Wasteland . " That said , MTV is n't sure if Photon Wave Orchestra really even exists since the EP was released on April 1 , 2010 -- April Fool 's Day . The question is , does it really matter ? Whether it 's the latest malware or sexually ambiguous haircut , Justin Bieber 's blank-slate pop image is the perfect selling tool for anything . "  U Smile 800 % Slowed " would n't have all those listeners without its connection -- real or not -- to Bieber fever . His album , "  My World 2.0 , " could n't be more appropriately titled . The opinions expressed in this blog post are solely those of Damon Brown .	Remix of Justin Bieber 's "  U Smile " has more than 1.6 million plays on Soundcloud.com Producer Nick Pittsinger says he slowed down the song 800 percent MTV disagrees , saying the song is actually an untitled song from the Photon Wave Orchestra
AOL Autos  -- There is no easy cure for teenage traffic deaths and injuries , but Susan Kessler believes she has at least come up with a way to help limit the carnage : When a new driver gets behind the wheel , just slap a temporary warning sign on the car . The Caution and Courtesy Driver Alliance volunteers hand out the magnets during 2008 publicity campaign . Kessler has developed signs for teens with learner permits and first-year licenses . They are attached magnetically to the car 's sheet metal and display the words "  Caution Newly Licensed . " It 's not hard to imagine the signs being a nightmare to teens obsessed with what their peers think . But , Kessler , a Kennesaw , Georgia , mother of six , says the real horror is out on the highway : thousands of young people are killed and injured in traffics every year . More than 15,000 of people have ordered the signs since Kessler and a group of other moms introduced them four years ago . Parents can mount one on the trunk when a teenager takes off in the family car and remove it when he or she returns home . Once other drivers see it , they presumably exercise extra caution and create a "  protective bubble " around the new driver , or so the thinking runs . AOL Autos : Rules for safe driving Kessler would even like to see states require the use of the signs for new drivers , as some European countries do , and she has found some support for this in the Georgia legislature . Her goal is straightforward : limit teenagers ' capacity to do damage to themselves and others . Drivers 16 to 19 years old are four times as likely as older drivers to end up in a collision , all other things being equal , according to the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety  IIHS  . All U.S. states have adopted tougher licensing systems since the mid-1990s , generally requiring more supervised hours of driving and imposing more restrictions on new licensees . But they have all stopped short of setting the minimum driving age at 18 , as most European countries do . The latest research has confirmed that putting restrictions on young drivers does pay off in lower accident , injury and fatality rates . One IIHS study over 10 years found that states with strong licensing laws had 30 percent fewer fatalities among 15 to 17 year olds than states with weak laws  those lacking restrictions on cell phone use , for example , or having only minimal restrictions on nighttime driving during the first year of driving  . AOL Autos : Most common car related injuries Armed with a decade of data , activists like Kessler now see a chance to save more lives with further reform . "  My first fear for each of my sons is , ` Please do n't let anybody hit them , ' " she said . "  My second fear is that they might hit anyone else . " "  Do you have any idea what it is like to be the parent of a 16-year-old who has killed someone ? " she asked . "  Parents have called me and said it 's like living in a black hole . " Her campaign started four years ago when she started to worry about her son Donnie , even though his turn at driver training was still a few years down the road . The fact that nearby Atlanta ranked as one of the most congested cities in the country naturally fed her fears . She and a group of friends began to think about ways to give young drivers an edge . They did n't want to force teenagers to wait until they were 21 to drive . But they did want to help them stay safe while they were learning . AOL Autos : Teen driving tips The moms came up the idea for magnetic signs , only later discovering that a similar approach is a requirement for new drivers in parts of Europe , Kessler said . Once , when she proposed the idea to a Georgia state official , he asked her if there was anyone who did n't like it . She laughed and said , "  Yes , my son . But we can work on him . " But she is happy the other people can readily identify new drivers and give them plenty of room . "  And whenever you are being watched , your behavior tends to be a little better . " Since they can easily spot teenagers right out of driver 's education , police can enforce restrictions on the number of passengers allowed in their cars , she said . Many states restrict the number of occupants for six months or a year in the second phase of their graduated license programs . "  When you are learning how to drive , you need all your concentration and you ca n't be cool for all your friends , " Kessler said . Skeptics argue that teenage drivers will pull the signs off as soon as they are out of their parents ' sight . But Kessler has an answer for the skeptics : If parents ever found out a son or daughter did that , it should be the last time they ever drove the family car . One early success for the "  newly licensed " signs was a pilot program in Cobb County , Georgia , in 2007 ; Kessler and her friends distributed more than 3,000 magnets . She now sells them nationally at cost , for $ 7.99 , through a Web site , newlylicensed.com , and is looking for a national retail outlet to handle them . She has also been a guest on television programs to promote the magnets . Kessler also advocates longer periods of supervised driving for new drivers , contending they should be at least 400 hours . Accidents only start to decline after drivers get that amount of driving experience under their belts , she said . AOL Autos : Teen drivers need better training Many experts agree the quickest way to save lives would be to raise the driving age from 16 to 17 or higher . "  But it 's a tough sell , " said Russ Rader , a spokesman for Arlington , Virginia-based IIHS . The states could withhold a provisional license until 17 . But so far , only New Jersey does that , offering new drivers a full license at 18 . "  But New Jersey has had a very positive experience with it , " Rader said . There are other options , too . More states could impose tougher restrictions : less nighttime driving , a ban on cell phones  if they have n't already prohibited them  , and fewer passengers allowed in the car . Right now , states are all over the map on these issues . For example , Illinois has a cell phone restriction for the first year , while Montana and Idaho do not . Montana only allows one passenger unrelated to the driver the first six months of the provisional period but allows three for the second . During the entire probationary year , New Jersey allows only one person who is n't part of the driver 's household in the car . AOL Autos : Risky teen driving habits North Carolina enforces a fairly tough nighttime restriction , 9 p.m. to 5 a.m. , while Florida prohibits driving between 11 p.m. to 6 a.m. . The rule is more lenient in Texas : Driving is permitted anytime except midnight to 5 a.m. . Other countries are n't squeamish about placing nationalized limitations on young drivers . For example , the United Kingdom requires drivers to be at least 17 . The age is 18 in most other European countries . A movement is underway in Australia to more than quadruple the period of supervised driving to 120 hours . New Swiss drivers have to post a warning sign on the vehicles they drive , as do young drivers in New Zealand . Some countries requiring the warnings have even put teeth into their signage laws : Drivers who collide with a car displaying the new-driver signs face heavy fines or even jail time , Kessler said . That 's an indication that the signs are important tools to reduce accidents . "  We are n't going to save every kid , " Kessler said . "  We are rational about this . But if we save at least some of them , it 's worth it . "	Research finds putting restrictions on young drivers lowers accident rates Some countries require new drivers to post warning signs on their cars Mother of teen invents magnets for cars that warn , Caution Newly Licensed Identifying teens lets police enforce restrictions such as number of passengers
Sendai , Japan  CNN  -- Long lines at grocery stores and gas stations along with continued aftershocks and power outages greeted many in Japan on Sunday morning , nearly two days after the devastating earthquake and tsunami that left hundreds dead and missing . Supplies of food and gas were running out in Sendai , the northern coastal city close to the epicenter of Friday 's quake . Those who survived the earthquake and chose to remain in the city were enduring two-hour waits at the supermarket , according to a CNN iReporter in Sendai with the username joeyjenkins . "  They have waited for I do n't even know how long to get gas , as the gas station manually pumps the gas since there is no electricity , " joeyjenkins wrote , adding they were without power until early Sunday . Schools and hospitals and Sendai have been turned into shelters , and volunteers were handing out bottles of water , CNN correspondent Kyung Lah reported from the city . Fears of power outages in Tokyo , about 200 miles south , sparked a run on flashlights , said iReporter Jessica Tekawa , 26 . "  I think last night , there must have been something on the news about a power outage , " she told CNN , "  because when we went , with my friend , we were trying to get flashlights and they were sold out everywhere . " Water , too , was sold out in every store she went to after similar reports of possible water contamination , she said . Kenneth Cukier , the Japan correspondent for The Economist magazine , said the government announced managed power cuts will start Monday in certain regions of the country -- including suburban areas of Tokyo -- to give businesses enough power to operate . A seemingly endless barrage of aftershocks from Friday 's 8.9-magnitude quake was still rattling nerves Sunday . The U.S. Geological Survey reported more than 140 such quakes -- magnitude 4.5 and higher , with the strongest coming at a 6.4 -- in , near , or off the east coast of the Japanese island . There have been "  many aftershocks , " said Yasue Schumaker , a Sendai native who now lives in Hawaii , but was visiting her mother in a Sendai hospital when the quake struck . "  The day it happened , it was constantly aftershock , and last night was better , but still we are having quite big ones , " Schumaker said . The aftershocks are a "  constant reminder of what 's happened , and what could happen in the future , " Wall Street Journal reporter Yoree Koh told CNN from Tokyo . Such aftershocks are also producing tremendous anxiety for earthquake survivors , reported CNN 's Gary Tuchman , driving from the western coastal city of Shonai to Sendai in the east . "  People are wondering , could there be an aftershock that 's greater than the original earthquake ? " Tuchman said . "  Each time you feel it , there 's an element of fear . " The Japanese military was working in at least one neighborhood of Sendai on Sunday morning to search for anyone trapped in the rubble . "  A few hundred " people were still unaccounted for in one part of town Sunday , Lah reported . Search-and-rescue helicopters buzzed over Sendai as workers walked through the muddy streets wearing hard hats and carrying shovels . At least one person was winched by chopper from a damaged house . The city was still littered with debris and standing water from the tsunami . Two to three miles inland , houses were destroyed or simply gone , cars were stacked on top of each other , and brown mud covered the ground , Lah said . An iReporter with the username xeynon , who described himself as an American living and working in Sendai , said "  there are still many friends and acquaintances living along the coast we have not been able to contact . " Schumaker , her voice quivering , said those people should be the priority . "  People who lost their homes , or the people who are still needing help , they are the ones who need help , " she said . "  We do n't have any electric , water , gas , and the city just announced it could take 30 days to get gas set up for everybody . But we definitely need water and food , but please help the people who lost their homes and still ... on top of the buildings asking for help . " CNN 's Mary Lynn Ryan and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : There are still "  quite big aftershocks " in Sendai NEW : Helicopters are helping the rescue effort in Sendai People are waiting in long lines at grocery stores and gas stations Aftershocks are still rattling nerves , nearly two days after the quake
CNN  -- The worst secret in boxing is out of the bag : "  Sugar " Shane Mosley is the most likely opponent for Manny Pacquiao 's next fight . The 39-year-old American boxer used Twitter to announce that discussions between the two camps are at an advanced stage , with confirmation expected in the next 24 hours . "  Just excited about the fight with Pac -LSB- Manny Pacquiao -RSB- . I know you 're going to be there , " he tweeted to former world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis on the social networking website . "  The ink has n't dried yet but it 's pretty much a go . " Speculation has mounted over who would fight the Filipino eight-division world title-holder on May 7 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas , with Juan Manuel Marquez mooted as another possible opponent . Mayweather fight will define Pacquiao 's career But in a subsequent interview with the Los Angeles Times , Mosley confirmed that he would meet with Pacquiao 's representatives on Tuesday to finalize a deal . "  We 've already discussed the fight about three to four weeks ago , so now we 'll go over it again , " said Mosley . "  Both sides just need to commit to what we 've talked about and then I think we 're done . " Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach had earlier ruled out Marquez while , at the same time , insisting on an important caveat if Mosley was indeed chosen . " -LSB- Mosley -RSB- wo n't be an easy fight for Manny , " Roach told assembled reporters in the Philippines , where he was celebrating Pacquiao 's 32nd birthday . "  He can punch with either hand . But if the fight pushes through , I 'll insist on a drug test . He 's been known to take steroids and it shows in his body . " Marquez calls out Pacquiao for rematch Roach was referring to a 2003 U.S. grand jury submission by Mosley where he admitted using EPO , a performance enhancing drug , as he prepared to fight Oscar De La Hoya . But Mosley never tested positive , and denied knowing what it was or that it was illegal . "  I 'm disappointed that this is coming out again , four years after I 've been to the grand jury and gave my truthful testimony , " Mosley said in a 2008 statement , issued after the allegations first came to light . "  I even took a lie-detector test back then to let everyone know that I was n't trying to be an unfair fighter . " But it looks like Mosley will now have a chance to fight arguably the best pound-for-pound boxer in the sport to prove his detractors wrong .	U.S. boxer Shane Mosley reveals that he will be Manny Pacquiao 's next opponent Mosley tells former heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis on Twitter that he 's "  excited " Mosley and Pacquiao 's camps to meet in the next 24 hours to discuss terms The Filipino is booked to fight in Las Vegas in May
New York  CNN  -- A man who spent nearly 25 years behind bars for a 1989 Brooklyn murder he did n't commit has filed a notice of claim to sue New York City for $ 162 million , according to his lawyer Wednesday . Jonathan Fleming , 52 , who was released from prison in April after spending 24 years and 8 months in prison for the slaying of Darryl Rush in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn , filed the notice signaling his intent to sue the city , the police department and the King County district attorney 's office on Tuesday . "  It signifies the beginning of the process that will hopefully make him whole , " said his lawyer , Taylor Koss . "  He will never be the same . It 's impossible to give him the time back . " Fleming had always maintained that he was on a family trip to Disney World in Florida when Rush was shot to death early on the morning of August 15 , 1989 , in a dispute over stolen money . After years of reviewing documents and re-interviewing witnesses as part of a joint investigation between his attorneys and the Brooklyn district attorney 's Conviction Review Unit , it was determined that the only evidence tying him to the crime was an alleged witness who later recanted her statement . When he was released , Fleming had no place to live and less than $ 100 to his name , according to Koss . He still has no permanent home and no job . "  It has been a struggle since he got out , " Koss said , adding that the damages Fleming is seeking include the loss of wages , companionship and emotional anguish . "  It 's tough to put a value on those things , " Koss added . "  I 'm not sure how you value one year in prison for a crime you did n't commit , let alone 25 . " A New York City Law Department spokesman said the claim will be reviewed . At Fleming 's initial trial , defense lawyers provided family photos and home videos of Fleming in Florida around the time of Rush 's killing . But , according to Koss , they did not have evidence he was in Florida on the day of the slaying . The prosecution persuaded jurors to ignore the alibi . Fleming told his attorneys he had paid a bill for phone calls made from his Florida hotel room the night before Rush was killed , and he believed the receipt was in his pocket when police arrested him . But authorities told the defense he had no such receipt , according to Koss . In the course of the investigation , the Conviction Review Unit found the receipt in police records , time stamped and dated -- solidifying Fleming 's claim that he was in Florida at the time of the crime , according to the district attorney 's office . "  This is proof of alibi that was basically purposely withheld , " Koss said . The review unit also interviewed Fleming 's former girlfriend , who said she called Fleming the night of the killing while he was still at his hotel in Florida . The investigation found her story to be credible , with phone records to support it . The prosecution also produced a witness who said she saw Fleming commit the crime . According to Koss , the woman recanted her testimony weeks after Fleming 's conviction . She later testified in front of a judge that she was on parole and had been arrested with another woman for being in a stolen van the night of the killing . She said police persuaded her to give a statement against Fleming to avoid going back to jail . Koss said the judge threw out her later testimony because she could not provide enough facts to back up her story . Koss said defense investigators even found a witness in South Carolina who claims to have been the getaway driver during Rush 's killing and who identified someone they say is the real killer . New York City to pay man who served 22 years in prison $ 6.4 million for wrongful conviction New York man settles wrongful-imprisonment lawsuit for $ 3.4 million CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Jonathan Fleming , 52 , files notice of claim for $ 162 million lawsuit against city , police , prosecutors Fleming was wrongfully convicted in 1989 killing and spent nearly 25 years in prison Review of Fleming 's case supports his alibi that he was in Florida when slaying occurred Fleming , released in April , currently has no permanent home or job , lawyer says
CNN  -- An Alabama man convicted of raping his former neighbor and friend was sentenced November 13 to 20 years in a state penitentiary on the lead charge , and 10 years each on the lesser offenses . Except that he was n't . The victim , Courtney Andrews , told CNN she was outraged by the sentencing . "  I do n't know how any of this is possible . " Austin Clem , 25 , was convicted of one count of forcible rape and two counts of second-degree rape for attacks that Andrews said started when she was 13 . "  Honestly , I did n't understand when I first heard the sentence , " said Andrews , now 20 . "  I was expecting him to spend a long time in prison . " She said she had n't talked about the abuse because of threats . "  I had to grow up at a very , very young age , and I know what it 's like to have your life threatened and that no one will understand me . " Even though the sentencing order says on its face that Clem will serve his time in a state penitentiary , that same order adds that he will serve none of his time in a state penitentiary . People are outraged . Moreover , they are confused . Was this a legal sentence ? If so , was it a moral sentence ? ` Suspended ' sentences : When ` incarceration ' means anything but People have every reason to be confused . Sentencing statutes are routinely complex , and Alabama 's is no exception . Most state sentencing schemes follow a common theme , arriving at an individual 's punishment based on the 1  gravity of the offense ; and 2  the defendant 's prior record ; which can then be aggravated or mitigated by any other factors the court wants to consider . Lately , in light of the Marissa Alexander case , mandatory minimum sentences have been harshly criticized . "  Mando-mins " as they are sometimes called , force a judge to sentence a minimum number of years , preventing a judge from considering the individual defendant 's unique circumstances , and showing mercy where appropriate . The Austin Clem case highlights the issue at the other end of the spectrum : whether judges can have too much discretion in sentencing convicted felons . In the Clem case , the judge 's discretion came from his authority to impose a "  split sentence . " Let 's look at the lead charge and the sentence , taken verbatim from the order of sentence : "  Count I - Twenty  20  years in the State Penitentiary , split sentence , to serve two  2  years in -LSB- a community-based program -RSB- , balance suspended and placed on three  3  years supervised probation . " Yes , you read that right . It essentially says : Twenty years in prison -- except that it will be zero years , and none of it in prison . The judge likely relied upon Section 15-18-8 of the Alabama Code , which explicitly gives judges discretion to suspend a significant portion of a defendant 's sentence . A suspended sentence is incarceration in name only : The defendant will serve that time out of custody . Clem received 20 years . In this jurisdiction , for sentences between 15 and 20 years , it appears that a mandatory minimum applies : The judge must order at least three and up to five years , and then may suspend the rest . Here 's where it gets strange : The Alabama Supreme Court has held that even the incarceration portion of a split sentence  the three-year minimum  may be suspended . So 20 years can mean zero years . Why give so much discretion to judges ? In Alabama , the rules of procedure direct judges to consider alternatives to long prison terms . Why ? The rules cite skyrocketing costs associated with actual confinement and call attention to prison overcrowding . That prison overcrowding leads to uncertainty : In other words , the judges do n't know that the prison can even accommodate their sentence , so they might as well mete out a sentence that can actually be carried out . An illegal sentence vs. an immoral sentence For many , it does n't matter that this might have been a legal sentence . The outrage is directed not at the legality , but the morality of the punishment . Did the judge have a moral obligation to incarcerate Clem ? What would you have done ? Would you have given credence to the defense 's argument that the sex was consensual ? Is it more important to you as a judge that Clem get the counseling that sex offenders desperately need ? Or is it more important that he be isolated from society ? The idea of punishment for criminals is justified by a few different goals . Incarceration serves to quarantine criminals and protect the rest of us in society from them . Another goal of punishment is rehabilitation . Like it or not , most sex offenders will eventually serve their sentences and be back on the street . Given the risk of repeat offenses , rehabilitation of these felons could be the most critical factor in protecting society . But punishment also recognizes simple retribution as a goal . Retribution is the idea that a punishment should , in theory , be equivalent to the crime . While retribution can also achieve vengeance , it serves a more practical purpose . A society that fails to punish offenders risks citizens taking matters into their own hands -- which threatens the stability of the society itself . So , if you are a retribution-type judge , you 'd probably sentence Clem to long-term incarceration -- even though the legislature has effectively told you that , because of overcrowding , he might not serve that whole sentence . If you are a rehabilitation-type judge , or you worry about Clem 's dependents , you might do as this judge did , and focus on the rehabilitation , with the idea that more progress can be made on the outside than on the inside . As long as the sentence is legal , as a judge , the choice is yours : Do you focus on retribution ? Or rehabilitation ? One thing is for certain , you may not agree with the judge 's sentence in the Austin Clem case . Indeed , the prosecution in this case is not going gently into the good night . The prosecution has now asked an appeals court to fix what it calls an illegal sentence , claiming the judge had no authority to impose the two-year minimum , and should have at least imposed the three year minimum . That appears to be a correct reading of the law . Of course , if the judge can suspend the entire sentence anyway , including the mandatory minimum , is it a distinction without a difference ? The prosecution also claims that felons convicted of first-degree rape are excluded by law from community-based programs , because rape is so fundamentally a crime of violence . If the judge misread the law here , the prosecution may succeed . If so , the court will have to resentence Clem -- but if the judge can still suspend the entire sentence , could Clem get an even better deal ? If you ca n't accept it , then your beef is not only with the judge . Your beef is with the Alabama legislature and the Alabama courts that enacted not only the rules , but warned the justice system that it simply could not accommodate prison terms . Your beef is with the same prisons that do n't have enough beds , leading to the crisis . Finally , your beef is with the Alabama Supreme Court , which sanctioned this practice . Because even if this sentence is ultimately legal , you may still conclude that it is an immoral one . Unfortunately , there 's no appeals court for that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	An Alabama man was sentenced to no prison time for rape conviction Danny Cevallos says Alabama law , rules give judges discretion to suspend prison terms He says even if the sentence is legal , it may not be a moral one Cevallos : People who object should blame legislature and courts , in addition to judge
CNN  -- An Idaho man accused of uttering a racial slur and slapping a crying 19-month-old boy on a Delta Air Lines flight is now out of a job . Joe Rickey Hundley of Hayden , Idaho , was charged with assaulting a minor in the February 8 incident . His company , which initially suspended him , said Sunday that Hundley no longer has his job . "  Reports of the recent behavior of one of our business unit executives while on personal travel are offensive and disturbing , " said a statement from AGC Aerospace & Defense . "  We have taken this matter very seriously and worked diligently to examine it since learning of the matter on Friday afternoon . "  As of Sunday , the executive is no longer employed with the company . " AGC Aerospace & Defense supplies technology and other services to the military and businesses . Hundley 's attorney , Marcia Shein , said her client is being unfairly portrayed . "  This has escalated into a racist issue and I want to be clear he is not a racist , " Shein said . She said that Hundley is dealing with unspecified issues . The attorney for the child 's family , John Thompson , said the family has not decided yet whether to sue . But he said Monday family members believe Hundley should be punished beyond the loss of his job and possible one-year federal prison sentence . "  The family wants to make sure that Mr. Hundley and anyone like Mr. Hundley never does something like that again , " he said on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " Affidavit : Slap with an open hand According to documents filed in U.S. District Court in Atlanta last week , the boy 's mother , Jessica Bennett , 33 , of Minnesota and her son were seated in row 28 , seat B , on Delta Flight 721 that originated in Minneapolis . She spent part of the flight in the rear of the plane to get away from Hundley , who she said smelled like alcohol and was slurring his speech , according to Thompson . As the plane began its descent into Atlanta , the boy began to cry because of the altitude change and his mother tried to soothe him . Then Hundley , who was seated next to the mother and son , allegedly told her to "  shut that  N-word  baby up . " Hundley then turned around and slapped the child in the face with an open hand , which caused him to scream even louder , an FBI affidavit said . The boy suffered a scratch below his right eye . Other passengers on the plane assisted Bennett , and one of them heard the slur and witnessed the alleged assault , the affidavit said . Court appearance not yet set Shein said that even if her client did use the slur , it does not make him a racist . "  I could not believe that he would say something like that , and to a baby or about a baby . And then to hit him was just , I felt like I was in another world . I was shaking , " Bennett told CNN affiliate KARE in Minneapolis . Hundley 's first court appearance will be in Atlanta , Shein said . It has not yet been set , she said . Hundley must first surrender to authorities , which he has not yet done , she said . The charge of simple assault on someone under age 16 carries a prison sentence of one year , court papers said . In 2007 , Hundley pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor assault charge filed in Virginia , according to court records . Air rage : Passengers ` quicker to snap ' Lawsuit potential Thompson said the familyy will evaluate evidence before deciding whether to sue anyone , including Hundley or Delta . Thompson said Bennett saw Hundley order two drinks while she was seated and saw him being served another one while she stood at the rear of the plane . Thompson said he was n't sure if Bennett complained to flight attendants about Hundley 's behavior . The family might have a case against Delta for serving Hundley alcohol if he was already intoxicated , CNN legal contributor Paul Callan said . InSession legal analyst Joey Jackson said he does n't think there 's a significant case because the child was not seriously harmed . "  While this conduct was offensive , it 's abhorrent , it should never happen under any circumstance , the issue of a civil case regarding money will be how are you affected , " he said . Kid-free ` Quiet Zones ' launched on airline CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Amanda Watts , Marlena Baldacci , Dave Alsup and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Man accused of using racial epithet against toddler "  is not a racist , " lawyer says Joe Rickey Hundley is accused of slapping a crying 19-month-old on an airline flight Passengers say Hundley also used a racial epithet to describe the boy Attorney for parents say they have not yet decided if they 'll sue
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- After battling for nearly two days with tear gas , water cannons and pepper spray , Turkish police retreated from Istanbul 's central Taksim Square on Saturday afternoon , allowing tens of thousands of demonstrators to pour into the space . A peaceful sit-in on Friday against government plans to demolish a park was met with a police crackdown , igniting the biggest anti-government riots this city has seen in a decade . Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan demanded an end to the violent protests , which have also spread to the capital city of Ankara and the port city of Izmir . "  The police were there yesterday , they are there today , and they will be there tomorrow . Taksim Square can not be allowed to be a place where marginal groups can freely roam , " he said in a televised speech . The clashes in Istanbul subsided Saturday afternoon , when police allowed protesters to flow into the square . The protesters pelted police vehicles with stones as they withdrew from the area . At least 79 people , including 26 members of the Turkish security forces , were injured in the clashes across the country , Interior Minister Muammer Guler told Turkey 's semi-official Anadolu news agency on Saturday . Among the injured were 14 in Istanbul , including one who suffered brain trauma , the Istanbul governor 's office said . Turkish authorities have detained 939 people in connection with the protests , Guler told Anadolu . In the Ankara , police fired rubber bullets and tear gas at protesters , with some chanting "  Tayyip resign , " as they marched on the neighborhood of Kizilay , demonstrators told CNN . "  Police are everywhere , and helicopters are monitoring our movements , " one protester said . "  Whenever police see us march , they come and gas us . ... We were gassed , we disbursed and then gathered again . " Erdogan conceded in his speech on Saturday that Turkish security forces had made excessive use of tear gas against demonstrators . "  There have been errors in the actions of the security forces , especially with regard to use of pepper gas . Right now that is being investigated , researched , " he said . "  There is an error there , sure . When it is used excessively we are against it as well . And in fact there was such excess . " Earlier Saturday crowds gathered across central Istanbul and chanted "  government resign " and "  shoulder to shoulder against fascism " as phalanxes of helmeted riot police responded with volleys of tear gas canisters . Lost amid the explosion of anti-government anger in the streets of Istanbul and elsewhere was the original source of the protests . Earlier this week , several dozen activists tried to stage a sit-in in Gezi Park , the last bit of green space left in Taksim Square . The demonstrators were protesting government plans to level the park and replace it with a reconstruction of a replica Ottoman-era military barracks and a shopping mall . The protests have since devolved into a demonstration against Erdogan , the most powerful , popular and polarizing leader Turkey has seen in generations . This major transport hub and commercial district has become the main battleground between angry protesters who hurled stones and bottles at riot police . In some Istanbul neighborhoods , residents banged pots and pans in protest on the street during the prime minister 's speech . Erdogan 's chief adviser , Ibrahim Kalin , said police have been ordered to be judicious in how they confront the demonstrators . Addressing the original complaint , Kalin said that Istanbul 's mayor said he is considering a number of projects at the park , and not necessarily a shopping mall . But the scope of the protests show there is a bigger issue about freedom of speech versus accusations of authoritative government . "  People are entitled to disagreement with the government , they can exercise their democratic rights , but they can do so within the context of a democratic society , " Kalin said . International human rights groups Amnesty International and Greenpeace have denounced what they describe as excessive use of police force against peaceful protesters . Turkey has enjoyed an unprecedented decade of economic growth , since Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party first swept to power after winning elections in 2002 on a campaign to institute pro-democratic reforms . In recent years , the Turkish government has come under fire from media watchdog groups for its prolonged detention of more journalists than any other country in the world . Turkish security forces have also made such frequent use of tear gas against opposition protesters that some critics have started referring to the prime minister as "  Chemical Tayyip . " But the protests this week appear to be "  much more than the government and authorities expected , " Erdogan Yildirim , a sociology professor at Middle East Technical University in Ankara , told CNN . He said it was unclear whether the protest movement will sustain its momentum , but it has caught the government 's attention . "  The reason for massive protest in Turkey is in fact trivial .  A construction in a park .  But this shows the cumulative reaction to Erdogan , " wrote Mustafa Akyol , a Turkish newspaper columnist and outspoken champion of "  liberal Islam . " "  Erdogan needs to see that the country needs more ` participatory democracy . ' People want to influence decisions in public matters ... it is ultimately none other than Erdogan who cultivated this anger and who needs to calm it down . "  Erdogan probably did not know thousands of people who voted for him were among those raising their voices as well , " columnist Sule Kulu wrote Saturday in the English-language newspaper Today 's Zaman . "  If he does not return to his pro-democracy stance , this would prepare his fall in Turkish politics .   stanbul , his place of birth in politics , can bring him his political death . " CNN 's Talia Kayali , Amir Ahmed and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Turkish authorities have arrested 939 people across Turkey , an official says At least 79 injured in clashes across the country , the interior minister says A police crackdown to protesters stirs riots in Istanbul Protesters were met with tear gas and water cannon
CNN  Once Hillary Clinton 's official announcement went online , social media responded in a big way , with terms like "  Hillary Clinton , " " #Hillary2016 , " and yes , even " #WhyImNotVotingforHillary " trending . Certainly , you could n't go far on Twitter  even before Clinton tweeted her announcement  , without an opinion or thought on her new campaign  there were over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour , and 750,000 Facebook video views so far by Sunday evening  . Some tweeted their immediate support , with one word :	Response across social media led to multiple trending topics for Hillary Clinton 's presidential announcement Some responded to her video and her new campaign logo
CNN  -- Libyans opposed to longtime ruler Moammar Gadhafi vowed to hit the streets again Sunday , saying a violent crackdown by security forces since demonstrations began last week has energized their ranks . Benghazi , the North African nation 's second-largest city and hub of its eastern province , was home to some of the bloodiest clashes Saturday . Still , an anti-government demonstrator there said that despite having been barraged for days by tear gas and bullets , many of his colleagues slept overnight outside the city 's courthouse and planned another rally at 1 p.m. Sunday . "  There are a lot of people getting killed for their freedom , " the man , who was not identified for safety reasons , told CNN early Sunday . "  Our goal is simple : We want Gadhafi to leave . We want freedom . ... We want democracy . " The man , a technology expert who has set up cameras airing live online video streams around Benghazi , estimated that the numbers of anti-government demonstrators in the city has grown 20 % since the protests began Tuesday . Another protester in Misratah , a city about 250 km  155 miles  east of Tripoli , said that roughly 1,300 remained on the streets there through the night and into the morning Sunday , burning pictures of Gadhafi and calling for an end to his rule . CNN could not independently confirm information on the escalating unrest in Libya , the most isolated nation in the region , though it has interviewed numerous witnesses by phone . The government has not responded to repeated requests from CNN for access to the country and maintains tight control over communications . Instead , a report from Libya 's state-run JANA news agency blames "  acts of sabotage and burning " on outsiders aiming to undermine the nation 's stability , security and unity . The report claims that the unrest has been fomented in Libya as well as Tunisia , Morocco , Sudan , Egypt , Lebanon and Iran by an Israeli-led network of covert operatives . Since Wednesday , authorities have arrested "  dozens of foreign members of this network who were trained on starting clashes , " the JANA story said , adding that the outsiders were of Tunisian , Egyptian , Sudanese , Turkish , Palestinian and Syrian descent . Meanwhile , the toll from the unrest continued to mount Saturday . While Human Rights Watch , citing interviews with hospital staff and witnesses , reported 84 deaths since Tuesday , the total number is unknown and could n't be independently confirmed by CNN . Medical sources at Misratah Medical Complex said that at least three died and 70 were wounded in clashes Saturday between security forces and anti-government protesters . Three of those injured are in critical condition , the sources said . A doctor treating the injured in Benghazi 's Al Jala hospital said that at least 30 people died Saturday , most from gunshot wounds to the head . Hovering helicopters fired into the crowds and the hospital was receiving a steady stream of injured people , said the doctor , who CNN is also not identifying for security reasons . His count did not include casualties from a clash between the protesters on the funeral march and soldiers at a military camp . Soldiers there fired tear gas and guns ; the protesters hurled rocks and at least two hand grenades , witnesses said . "  The situation is critical right now , " said the doctor . "  The city is effectively under siege . " Lt. Col. Mohammed al-Majbari , who helped lead Libyan military forces in Benghazi before deciding early this week to join the opposition , claimed that government forces , aided by mercenaries from other African countries , "  caused a massacre . " "  It is time for freedom , " al-Majbari said . "  Gadhafi  is not a human being . A Libyan would never do this to his people . He is a dictator . " Several eyewitnesses told CNN that cars of riflemen drove past protesters , indiscriminately firing at them . A Libyan woman supportive of the protesters , who was not identified to protect her safety , told CNN that army soldiers on Saturday initially claimed solidarity with the demonstrators , only to reverse their tack and open fire on the crowd . "  The soldiers ... said , ` We are with you . ' We believed them , " she said . "  After that , they started shooting the people . Why ? Why did they lie ? " Other eyewitnesses told CNN that anti-government demonstrators used a bulldozer Saturday to tear down part of a wall at Alfadeel Abu-Omar military camp , and were fired upon as they retreated . Many were hit by mortar and automatic weapon fire , the witnesses said . "  We are peaceful people , " the technology expert said early Sunday from Benghazi . "  They are killing unarmed civilians . " Others in Libya reported similar protests in the cities of al-Baida , Ajdabiya and significantly in Misratah -- an indication that the demonstrations centered in the east were spreading west . Anti-government protesters leaving noon prayers Saturday at Misratah 's Al-Sheikh mosque were confronted by pro-Gadhafi demonstrators , two witnesses told CNN . Security forces stepped in , firing tear gas to disperse the crowds . After the anti-government group moved to another square , security forces fired into the crowd , one protester said . A protester , identified only as Moftah , told CNN that Libyans , inspired by the toppling of dictators in neighboring Egypt and Tunisia , had simply had enough of Gadhafi . "  He will tell you that his secret police are everywhere , " Moftah said . "  It 's time to break this fear barrier . We reach a point that we do n't care anymore . " A Libyan source in exile , who has knowledge of events inside the country , said Saturday that the government was bringing in special military units . He said anti-Gadhafi factions now "  control " increasing parts of eastern Libya , aided by "  police and security forces there  who  also belong to tribes . " To counter that , the government is using "  military squads of African origin , " the source said , voicing the same claim made by Majbari . "  They are not restricted or bound by tribal ties , " and can therefore be better counted on to suppress the opposition . "  Violence in the east will escalate because of the tribal mentality of revenge , " the source said , claiming reports of violence there had already fueled sporadic demonstrations in western Libya . Gadhafi 's regime , however , has sought to portray a different picture of events . Having previously aired extensive footage of pro-Gadhafi rallies in Tripoli , a Libyan state television program on Saturday described the anti-government protests as acts of sabotage . The report claimed that hospitals , banks , courthouses , prisons , security centers and military police headquarters had been burned , showing videos of buildings on fire and the aftermath of destroyed and scorched locales . The anchor said that security forces had managed to arrest dozens of people , claiming they were part of a foreign network of agitators trained to spark clashes and create chaos . The official Jamahiriya News Agency also reported that Gadhafi had spoken in recent days with fellow leaders from Guinea , Liberia and Yemen . The government also sent out , via text , a tacit warning against "  the inappropriate use of telecommunications services  that  contradict our religion ... our customs ... and our traditions . " Internet service in Libya shut down Friday evening , though it was more available by Sunday . The government 's firm grip on power heightened the concerns of a woman from Benghazi , who urged U.S. President Barack Obama and other world leaders to help the Libyan people in the face of the government crackdown . "  We have no freedom here , " she said . "  I speak to all the world , to America , to Mr. Obama : Please help us . We  did  nothing . We want to live a good life . " CNN 's Moni Basu , Amir Ahmed , Yousuf Basil , Greg Botelho , Salma Abdelaziz , Zain Verjee and Anderson Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : A protester in Benghazi says ranks have swelled ; a major rally is set for Sunday NEW : Libya 's official news agency says Israeli-led network is stirring unrest in Arab world An Army official siding with the opposition says government "  caused a massacre " Libyan government 's tight controls make it difficult to verify information
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Artist Thomas Kinkade 's death last month was from an accidental overdose of alcohol and Valium , according to the Santa Clara County , California , medical examiner . Kinkade , 54 , also suffered from hypertensive and atherosclerotic heart disease , said the autopsy report released Monday . The report cited "  acute ethanol and diazepam intoxication " as the cause of death and "  accidental " as the manner of death . Diazepam is a prescription anti-anxiety drug also known as Valium . Related : Alcohol and Valium together can shut down the the brain Kinkade , one of the most popular artists in America , painted more than 1,000 pieces on various topics , including cabins , nature scenes , seascapes and classic Americana . Art from the self-described "  painter of light , " adorns many living rooms in America . It emphasizes simple pleasures and warm , positive images of idyllic cottages , lighthouses and colorful gardens . "  He had a rare ability to exude a sense of warmth , a transcendent light , " said Robert Goodwin , who wrote the book "  Points of Light : A Celebration of the American Spirit of Giving , " with Kinkade . "  He had a great commitment to inspire others -- one who was nurtured in his early life by family and friends and church to really be an example of selfless acts of service , " he said Saturday . "  My mission as an artist is to capture those special moments in life adorned with beauty and light , " Kinkade said in a message on his website . "  I work to create images that project a serene simplicity that can be appreciated and enjoyed by everyone . That 's what I mean by sharing the light . " In 2006 , the artist recalled one of his earliest lessons during an interview with CNN 's Larry King . "  When I was a young boy , my mother told me , ` Your talents are God 's gifts to you , and what you do with those talents are your gift to God , ' " he said .	Kinkade 's autopsy found "  acute ethanol and diazepam intoxication " The painter also suffered from hypertensive and atherosclerotic heart disease , the coroner says Kinkade , one of the most popular artists in America , painted more than 1,000 pieces
Washington  CNN  -- A damp and enthusiastic crowd of self-proclaimed "  Tea Party patriots " gathered at the U.S. Capitol building Sunday for a second straight September 12 march on Washington . The collection of disparate groups and individuals , all supportive of the Tea Party movement , came together to protest what they consider to be out-of-control spending , excessive taxes and a government run amok . Under the theme of "  Remember in November " -- a reference to the upcoming mid-term congressional elections -- they warned both Democrats and Republicans that it was time for the American people to take back Congress . "  There 's only one power on Earth that is big enough to wreck this country , and that 's big government , " said former House leader Dick Armey , chairman of the FreedomWorks group that organized the rally . Quoting the film character Dirty Harry Callahan , Armey said "  a man 's got to know his limitations , " and added that it was time for the government to know its limitations . "  I believe we 've gotten the Republican Party 's attention , " Armey said in reference to primary election victories by Tea Party backed candidates over mainstream GOP foes in Kentucky , Alaska and other states . Tea Party activists hope for similar success in Delaware on Tuesday , throwing their support behind candidate Christine O'Donnell in a GOP Senate primary against Rep. Mike Castle . Before Sunday 's rally , activists marched along Pennsylvania Avenue from the Washington Monument to the steps of the capitol building despite gray skies and persistent rain . Signs reflected their socially conservative views , with some marchers carrying the Revolutionary War-era banner of a coiled snake and the slogan "  Do n't Tread on Me , " while other placards read "  Less Marx , More Jefferson " and "  Big Government is Organized Crime . " "  Here we are in a battle for our lives and a battle for the future of this republic , " FreedomWorks Director of State and Federal Campaigns Brendan Steinhauser told the crowd assembled before the march . Sunday 's protest was the second September 12 rally in Washington , following a similar event last year . "  Only a few weeks before this important November election , send one more final message to the folks down the street in that dome behind us , " Steinhauser encouraged the marchers . " ... We 're tired of the way they 've been acting in Congress . We 're tired what the president has been doing and we 've been telling them this for over two years . " As the march proceeded , a few hecklers along Pennsylvania Avenue taunted activists , yelling that they were missing in action when the Bush administration added to the nation 's debt . Other hecklers urged Tea Party activists to go home . At the rally , the mention of top Democrats including President Barack Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi prompted loud booing from the mostly white , middle-aged crowd .	Rally proceeds in rainy weather Signs , chants call for smaller government , constitutional rights Crowd boos mention of President Obama , House Speaker Pelosi
AOL Autos  -- Magazines are full of beauty and health secrets with tips on how to improve your inner health and polish and paint your external persona . All of this designed to keep you feeling young . With its low price , boxy-yet-stylish shape and must-have technology , the Scion xB is very youthful . We think that the beauty magazines are missing out on the best way to feel young : drive the right vehicle ! New cars for a fresh start No offense to the Toyota Camry , Honda Accord and Chevy Malibu , but it 's almost impossible to feel young behind the wheel of an ordinary sedan , especially when every other car on the road is just like yours . We 've picked vehicles that are unique , different and even a little quirky . You are what you drive , and when you drive a spunky , youthful vehicle , that 's exactly what you are ! So , here are our choices for the top 10 vehicles to keep you feeling young : 2008 smart fortwo pure coupe Not since the original Volkswagen Beetle has a more perfectly youthful car been built than the smart fortwo pure coupe . This smart car has everything : it 's cheap , it 's fuel efficient , it 's safe  check out the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety ratings  , and best of all -- it is the cutest thing on four wheels . ` Nuff said . Starting at $ 11,590 2009 Nissan Versa An excellent choice for a safe , efficient car , the Nissan Versa is no stripped-down econobox and it has a European style that makes others take a second look . It 's a genuinely comfortable , fun-to-drive cute car that will stand up to the rough treatment a young-at-heart driver can sometimes dish out . Starting at $ 12,990 2009 Honda Civic Hybrid Driving a Toyota Prius is a statement to your friends and neighbors that you 're green ; driving a Honda Civic Hybrid is living green , pure and simple . There 's almost nothing less attractive than conspicuity . Give your inner beauty the opportunity to be green undercover in a subtle , stealthy Civic Hybrid . Starting at $ 23,550 2008 Subaru WRX STi Nothing gets the heart beating like 305 hp . Add all-wheel drive and hatchback functionality and you have the Subaru WRX STi . Skip those troublesome , time-consuming trips to the gym and just give yourself a workout flogging the STi around the back roads , or throw some golf clubs in the back hatch and make your tee time in youthful style . Starting at $ 34,995 2010 Chevrolet Camaro This one will take you back to your youth , the last heyday of the American Muscle Car . The 2010 Camaro is one of the most anticipated new cars due in the production pipeline , and anyone who drives one will be the center of attention . And that will make you feel young and beautiful . Prices to be announced 2008 Mazda5 When a minivan just is n't mini enough , maybe the mini-minivan is the answer to your needs . With seating for 6 , Mazda5 brings the capacity for carpooling without the style penalties of its larger minivan competitors , and fuel economy up to 28 mpg does n't hurt either . Feel young without looking like a soccer mom . Starting at $ 18,665 2008 Scion xB With its low , low price , boxy-yet-stylish shape and must-have technology , the Scion xB makes a youthful statement just by showing up . Personalize your xB with accessories from Scion 's catalog , or from the extensive aftermarket that has grown up around the car . The bonus is that the xB is a very capable vehicle , and a lot of fun to drive . Starting at $ 16,420 2008 Toyota 4Runner If you want to project an image of youthful vigor , muscularity , agility and strength -- without going over the top -- few vehicles do it as well as the Toyota 4Runner . That image is n't just on the surface ; the Toyota 4Runner is as comfortable on the trail as it is on the pavement . You get timeless good looks and reliability in one package . Starting at $ 28,415 2008 Jeep Wrangler Is there a car more youthful and exuberant than the Jeep Wrangler ? The iconic off-roader has been a symbol of freedom , agility and capability for decades . Drop the soft-top , hang on to the integrated roll bar and head out for points west . Just do n't forget the sun block -- you want to look young as well as feel young . Starting at $ 20,205 2008 Vespa S It was cool in the late 1960 's , and it 's cool again today . The Vespa S is a modern interpretation of the 1969 Vespa Special and the 1967 Vespa Primavera . An eco-friendly 150cc engine powers the S efficiently and smoothly , with enough oomph to keep up with city traffic . Easy to ride , easy to park , easy to love , the Vespa S might be the coolest ride on the block . Starting at $ 4,199	Some people say you are what you drive -- so drive something spunky ! Driving a Honda Civic Hybrid is living green , pure and simple Toyota 4Runner projects youthful vigor , muscularity , agility and strength Jeep Wrangler has been symbol of freedom , agility and capability for decades
Dressed in police and army uniforms , the suicide bombers placed themselves among the security officials lined up to cast their ballots . The soldiers and police were waiting to vote early , ahead of Wednesday 's parliamentary elections -- Iraq 's first nationwide polls since the withdrawal of U.S. forces at the end of 2011 . But the men , charged with protecting polling stations and voters on election day , came under attack themselves as the militants detonated explosives , killing and injuring dozens of people across the country . In an apparent attempt to derail the balloting process and discourage the rest of Iraq 's 21.5 million registered voters from going to the polls , suicide bombers struck several polling stations as well as other locations in a wave of attacks in Baghdad and northern Iraq on Monday and Tuesday . With a surge in car bombings , assassinations and suicide attacks , the vote -- the fourth national election since the fall of longtime leader Saddam Hussein in 2003 -- is being held amid rapidly growing violence reaching levels not seen in more than five years . Across villages and cities in the shattered nation , the echoing deep boom of explosions has become all too familiar for Iraqis . "  We depend on God each time we leave the house , because you do n't know what fate holds for you , " one man said . Wave of attacks Shootings and explosions across the country on Monday killed 53 people and wounded more than 100 others . In addition to the targeted polling stations , a suicide attacker killed at least 18 people and wounded 33 others at a Kurdish political gathering in the town of Khanaqin , 160 kilometers  100 miles  northeast of Baghdad . The gathering was in celebration of Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , who appeared on television casting his vote in Germany where he has been getting medical treatment . On Tuesday , at least 12 people were killed when twin roadside bombs exploded in a busy outdoor market in al-Saadiya , about 120 kilometers northeast of Baghdad . Another 18 were wounded , police officials told CNN . Iraq has tightened security measures ahead of the elections , banning vehicles from the streets on Tuesday night and closing roads in and out of the capital . But on the eve of the polls , the country is fast returning to the horrors of its recent past . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is battling for a third term in office but faces fierce opposition from political opponents , with sectarian violence at its most intense in more than five years . Deadly year Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months , often pitting Sunnis -- a minority in Iraq -- against Shiite Muslims , who came to dominate the government after Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003 . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with more than 8,800 people killed , most of them civilians . Tensions continue to be fueled by widespread discontent among the Sunnis , who say they are marginalized by the Shiite-led government and unfairly targeted by heavy-handed security tactics . Sunni anger has made it easier for al Qaeda-linked militants to recruit and operate while eroding the public 's cooperation with security forces . Violence flared just a few months ago because of the arrest of a Sunni lawmaker in Anbar 's capital , Ramadi , and the dismantling of protest sites by the army in Falluja and Ramadi . Iraq 's security forces , trained by the United States at a cost of billions of dollars , have been unable to dislodge the militants and instead are fighting pitched battles . Other endemic problems gripping the country include high unemployment levels , dilapidated infrastructure and services , and chronic corruption . Oil revenues have failed to improve the lives of most Iraqis . The vote The dire security situation in which the elections are going ahead is reminiscent of the country 's first post-Hussein elections in 2005 , when threats from al Qaeda insurgents led to minimal turnouts in most Sunni provinces . Al-Maliki , whose State of Law alliance is seen as a front-runner , on Tuesday called on Iraqis to take part in the vote . "  Your presence and your insistence to exercise your legitimate national and historical right represents a real response to the terrorists and sectarianism and those who stand behind them , " he said in a statement . Some 277 political entities across Iraq will compete for 328 seats of the Iraqi Council of Representatives , the country 's parliament . There are 9,032 candidates . The voting has been canceled in parts of Anbar province , controlled by jihadists and tribesmen . "  It does n't bode well for stability if the electoral results do not reflect an accurate representation of the political realities on the ground , " Ramzy Mardini , nonresident fellow at the Atlantic Council , told CNN . "  What 's more worrisome is , what happens next ? Will the government double down on a military offensive in Anbar ? Does fighting intensify between Sunni tribes ? Does Maliki take advantage to exploit the divisions ? Does the violence eventually spill over into Baghdad ? Will Anbar be neglected , whereby it converges closer to the adjacent insurgency inside Syria ? As is always the case with Iraq , nothing is inevitable , anything is possible . " Observing from outside Following the last parliamentary election in 2010 , it took nearly eight months of intense backdoor negotiations for Iraq 's bickering politicians to finally form a government . This time , though , there are no U.S. forces on the ground , and Washington will be watching from afar . "  The United States is facing a dire situation in Iraq , whereby both instability in the political and security realms are converging , " Mardini said . "  If there is no resolution in the upcoming post-election saga in forming a government , Iraq 's security situation is expected to worsen . Unlike past electoral cycles , the United States lacks the influence to bring about a resolution , and without its military presence , the psychological effect that helped pacify political behavior is no longer there as a coolant . " Iraq 's neighbors will also be keeping an eye out for any serious implications in a region that is still coming to terms with the geopolitical effects of the Arab Spring . For Iran , the unity of the Shiite political class is a core interest , because it determines the depth and scope of its influence in Iraq , Mardini said . "  A new emerging interest for Tehran could be the maintenance of the status quo in Baghdad , " he said . "  The ousting of Maliki could symbolically undermine Tehran 's efforts in safeguarding the survival of the Syrian regime in Damascus . " Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Iraq holds nationwide vote on Wednesday , first since U.S. troop withdrawal in 2011 Runup to polls has been violent , with election centers attacked this week Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is battling for a third term in office
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Tuesday admitted he made a mistake in handling the nomination of Tom Daschle as his health and human services secretary , saying Daschle 's tax problems sent a message that the politically powerful are treated differently from average people . President Barack Obama is interviewed by CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday . Daschle , the former Democratic leader in the U.S. Senate , withdrew earlier Tuesday as news that he failed to pay some taxes in the past continued to stir opposition on Capitol Hill . "  I think I screwed up , " Obama said in a wide-ranging interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  And I take responsibility for it and we 're going to make sure we fix it so it does n't happen again . " Daschle had apologized Monday for what he said were honest mistakes , calling them an embarrassment . The series of errors included improperly reporting $ 15,000 in charitable donations , failing to list $ 80,000 in lobbying income due to what Daschle said was a paperwork error , and not reporting as income a car and driver loaned to him by a friend and business associate . Watch Obama admit mistake " Daschle recently filed amended tax returns and paid more than $ 140,000 in back taxes and interest for 2005 to 2007 . Those tax issues , as well as questions over whether work he did after his stint in the Senate amounted to lobbying , gave critics ammunition to question Obama 's call for a change of culture in Washington . "  Ultimately , I campaigned on changing Washington and bottom-up politics , " Obama said . "  And I do n't want to send a message to the American people that there are two sets of standards -- one for powerful people and one for ordinary folks who are working every day and paying their taxes . " Watch the full interview with Anderson Cooper " Obama defended Daschle 's original appointment , saying "  nobody was better-equipped to deal both with the substance and policy of health care . " "  He understands it as well as anybody , but also the politics , which is going to be required to actually get it done , " Obama said . Earlier , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs insisted Daschle 's decision to withdraw was made on his own , not as a result of any prodding from the administration . In a written statement , Daschle acknowledged the political problem he had created for the administration . Still , Obama insisted the mistake was his . Read how CNN analysts assess the situation " Obama also said he 's going to crack down on businesses using taxpayer money to excessively pay executives . He plans a Wednesday announcement of mechanisms to keep that from happening . "  I 'm going to be talking about executive compensation and changes we 're going to be making there , " he said . "  We 've now learned that people are still getting huge bonuses despite the fact that they 're getting taxpayer money , which I think infuriates the public . " Watch Obama discuss getting tough on executives " The president also spoke about the struggling economy , the use of the label "  war on terror , " and lighter topics , including the family dog and his efforts to stop smoking . Thinking about the nation 's faltering economy keeps him up at night , Obama said . He also addressed criticism that there is too much spending in the current stimulus package bill written by House Democrats . iReport.com : Was Daschle properly vetted ? "  Look , the only measure of my success as president when people look back five years from now or nine years from now is going to be , did I get this economy fixed . I have no interest in promoting a package that does n't work , " Obama said . Cooper also asked Obama about reports that he is not using former President Bush 's phrase , "  war on terror , " to refer to the wars in Iraq in Afghanistan . "  Words matter in this situation because one of the ways we 're going to win this struggle is through the battle of hearts and minds , " Obama said . "  I think it is very important for us to recognize that we have a battle or a war against some terrorist organizations , but that those organizations are n't representative of a broader Arab community , Muslim community . " Watch Obama talk about the phrase "  war on terror " " Moving on to lighter topics , the president said the first family has n't decided what type of dog to get , but will wait until spring . Obama , an intermittent smoker , also said he has not smoked on the White House grounds . "  Sometimes it 's hard . But , you know , I 'm sticking to it , " Obama said . iReport.com : ` People should give him some slack ' Asked about the greatest lesson he 'd learned about the presidency from studying about Abraham Lincoln , Obama said : "  You know , when I think about Abraham Lincoln , what I 'm struck by is the fact that he constantly learned on the job . He got better . You know , he was n't defensive . He was n't arrogant about his tasks . He was very systematic in saying , ` I 'm going to master the job , and I understand it 's going to take some time . ' "	Obama tells CNN 's Anderson Cooper : ' I take responsibility for it ' President says message was sent that the politically powerful are treated differently Daschle apologizes for what he says were honest mistakes involving taxes Obama also discusses declining economy and fight against terrorist groups
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban stoned to death a man and a woman in northern Afghanistan for allegedly having an affair , officials said Monday . The stoning took place Sunday in Dasht-e-Archi district , in the village of Mullah Qali -- a village dominated by the Taliban in Kunduz province . The pair was accused of having an illicit sexual relationship , a spokesman for the Kunduz governor said . Final verdict postponed for Iranian woman facing stoning The woman was about 20 years old and the man was about 27 , said Mohammed Ayuob , district governor of Amam Sahib , which is also in Kunduz province . The woman was engaged , and the man was married to another woman . The two had been held by the Taliban for about a week , Ayuob said . CNN 's Mati Matiullah contributed to this report .	The stoning took place in an Afghan village dominated by the Taliban The man and woman were accused of having an illicit sexual relationship
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It 's a frightening scenario , almost a staple of action movies : Someone has fallen onto subway tracks , and a train is rumbling into the station . iReporter Stuart Gordon spotted rescuers after a woman fell onto subway tracks in Washington . For a heart-stopping moment , the train is certain to strike the fallen person , until rescue comes at the last possible second . But at a Washington Metro station near the National Mall on Tuesday , it was an all-too-real scenario , and all the more frightening . A 68-year-old woman from Nashville , Tennessee , in Washington for the inauguration of Barack Obama , fell off the platform at the Gallery Place-Chinatown stop . Houston Metro Officer Eliot Swainson , deputized to assist with the huge crowds for the inauguration , was aiding another rider when he heard shouts that someone was on the track . Watch Swainson describe what happened " "  I turned around and saw a lady standing in the track area , " Swainson said . The former Houston police officer rushed into action . He and another Metro rider tried to pull the woman to safety , but with a Red Line train bearing down on the station , they did n't have the time . iReport.com : See photos of the rescue operation "  The train was coming down the tunnel there , " Swainson said . "  It was coming in closer . I pushed her down and got her tucked down under the platform . " Swainson cited training from Metro staff for giving him the information he used to get the woman out of danger . The woman , who was not identified , huddled beneath the lip of the granite platform as the train passed . An emergency response crew brought her back up onto the platform and took her to Washington Hospital Center , where hospital staff said she was treated and released . No further details were provided . Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority spokeswoman Taryn McNeil said Tuesday that the woman had sustained cuts and bruises from the fall . The agency said transit officers from 18 locations across the country were in Washington to assist with the inauguration crowds . Ridership records were shattered Tuesday : There were more than 1.5 million trips across all the authority 's platforms , including more than 1.1 million on the subway system . The Tennessee woman 's accident was the only one reported on the transit line , the authority said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send your photos As for Swainson , Metro Transit Police Chief Michael Taborn said he did exactly the right thing . "  Due to Officer Swainson 's quick response , the woman was not seriously injured , " Taborn said . "  He did exactly what was expected , and we are enormously grateful for his actions . " McNeil said the Gallery Place-Chinatown Metro stop was reopened not long after the accident and trains were moving through it , although there were delays . CNN 's Larry Lazo and Kelly Marshall contributed to this report .	Woman , 68 , fell off platform at Metro 's Gallery Place-Chinatown stop Houston Metro Officer Eliot Swainson , another rider tried to pull her up When they could n't grab her , Swainson helped tuck her under platform Woman safely huddled beneath platform lip as train passed
CNN  -- Deciding when to upgrade is a funny , sometimes expensive thing . Carrier contracts that subsidize the cost of a new iPhone are usually for two years , so it 's traditional to upgrade every other model or less . You also want to time it just right , during the iPhone development cycle , so you do n't buy a phone months before it 's outdated . If you are an iPhone owner who is pondering an upgrade to the new iPhone 5 , here are some things to consider : Do you long for more screen space/watch a lot of movies ? Perhaps you 've heard that the iPhone 5 is taller . This is true . After testing its tallness we 've found that there is more space on the screen , which is no longer as short as the previous iPhone screens . The phone retains its width but is now 9 millimeters taller -- that 's one extra row of icons . The dimensions are perfect for watching widescreen movies , which were previously smaller and letter-boxed . The space also gives all other apps a bit more breathing room . Third-party applications must now redesign their apps to fix the new aspect ratio -- which requires time and resources -- so until then , older apps will be shown at normal size , the bar of unused screen space cloaked in mourning-black . There is a market for much larger smartphone screens , and companies like Samsung have delivered with spacious , high-resolution smartphones . This is largely a matter of preference , but if you find that the iPhone 5 's screen is still just too small for you , you may need to defect to something like the Samsung Galaxy S3 which has a 4.8-inch screen . Does your current phone feel slow ? Each iPhone is typically faster than its predecessor , and phones tend to slow down over time . Apple has added a speedier processor to the iPhone 5 in the form of an A6 chip . The company claims it is up to twice as fast , and after testing , the difference is definitely noticeable . Holding on to a slightly slower iPhone might not be much of an issue if you primarily use it for common tasks -- calls and texts , e-mailing , Twitter and Facebook , reading , even watching movies . If you do n't find yourself grumbling at how slow your phone is , and you 're still reeling from the speed improvements over the last iPhone you bought , you can probably carry on blissfully unaware of the difference . However , if you use your iPhone for bigger tasks like playing graphic games , the speed is a very welcome bump indeed . Another place it 's a noticeable improvement is the camera  more on that in a moment  . There are also free steps you can take to try and speed up your current phone . Free up some hard drive space by uninstalling apps you never use , emptying Safari 's cache and clearing out photos , videos and music  see exactly what 's taking up space in Settings - > General - > Usage  . Make sure you regularly close any apps running in the background . Is your iPhone your primary camera ? Thanks to decent image quality and the ability to share photos and videos instantly , the iPhone is probably more popular as a camera than a telephoning device . The iPhone 5 has the same 8-megapixel camera sensor as the iPhone 4S , but Apple did make a few hardware tweaks to make it fit into the thinner body and to improve image quality . The best camera improvement is actually just plain old speed . You can take rapid-fire shots as fast as your finger can tap on the shutter button . Tapping to focus is instant . For anyone who has ever missed a moment because of the iPhone 's lagging trigger , this is just awesome . Apple added a new panorama feature to the Photos app , and while there are numerous third-party panorama apps available , such as Microsoft 's Photosynth , the Apple feature manages to beat them at their own game . The stitching is both faster and higher quality than competitors , and the final image is higher resolution . Other adjustments to the camera include improved low-light images and reduced noise . Do you use your phone for navigation ? If so , there is a slight caveat . Every iPhone release comes with its own bit of drama . Sometimes it 's overblown , like Antennaga2te , when holding your case-less phone in a very specific position could cause it to drop calls . iPhone 4S users reported battery issues . For the iPhone 5 , the issue de jour is its new maps app . Every iPhone 5 comes with iOS 6 pre-installed . That means the old maps app is automatically out , replaced with Apple 's first go at a map application . It adds turn-by-turn directions and nice 3D graphics , but drops transit directions and decreases accuracy . Apple has always excelled at design and smart user interfaces , but it is not a data company . While it continues to work to make this app what it should be , the best solution is to wait for Google to release its own third-party maps app for iOS .  The company is mum on when exactly that will be , but it will probably happen soon .  In the meantime , there are many other map apps in the Apple App Store , and you can still access Google 's service through Safari , though the experience is slower and less intuitive . Do you like beautiful things ? The most impressive part of the new iPhone is its design . Apple is comparing the level of construction to a "  finely crafted watch . " Like a luxury item , its design is impeccable , the attention to detail visible on every seam and surface . It also tells time . Not everyone integrates their iPhone 5 into an outfit like a Rolex . If you are one of the many people who protect their iPhone with an opaque case , the details wo n't be visible to people around you . In that situation , you still get the satisfaction of a well-made device , but previous iPhones were also finely crafted and are still in perfectly good shape . The most dramatic physical difference of the new phone is that it is thinner and lighter . But while a great overall improvement , that 's not enough of a reason to warrant upgrading unless you find yourself constantly bemoaning how heavy and fat your existing phone is . If you wear skinny jeans , this might be the one upgrade you were waiting for . Do you have anything older than an iPhone 4S ? If you have an iPhone 3GS or earlier , upgrade . Do it for the screen . The retina display introduced on the iPhone 4 has been further refined for the iPhone 5 and in side-by-side comparisons with all screens at full brightness , the colors do look more vivid on the iPhone 5 . If you have an iPhone 4 , the decision is harder . Consider what new features you really need . If you would get a lot of use out of the Siri voice-assistant , for example , this is a good time to upgrade . If you are a hardcore mobile gamer or serious iPhone photographer , the speed is worth it . But if you find that your two-year-old , well-crafted iPhone is holding up nicely , perhaps stick it out for another year . IPhone 4S owners should just relax and enjoy their current phones . Wait a year for the next iteration , when your carrier will offer you the upgrade at the subsidized price and all the iPhone 5 owners will suddenly be stuck with old technology .	The iPhone 5 's speed is a significant upgrade for gamers and photographers The new , taller screen size is perfect for widescreen movies , but many apps do n't fit the new size yet Owners of iPhone 3GS and older models should definitely consider upgrading Decision is harder for owners of later models
CNN  -- A charity that raised close to $ 27 million to help animals worldwide spent nearly all of that money on fund-raising expenses paid to a direct-mail company . In addition , CNN found that the charity , SPCA International , misrepresented one of its programs called "  Baghdad Pups " on its tax filings and hired an officer for that program with a questionable background . In 2010 , SPCA International owed $ 8.4 million to Quadriga Art LLC and its affiliated company , Brickmill Marketing Services , according to publicly available Internal Revenue Service 990 tax records . Quadriga Art is one of the world 's largest direct-mail providers to charities and nonprofits . It is the same fund-raiser hired by two veterans charities that spent tens of millions of dollars for its services -- triggering a Senate investigation last month into whether one of the charities should retain its tax-exempt status . That charity , Washington-based Disabled Veterans National Foundation , collected nearly $ 56 million in donations over the past three years yet paid Quadriga Art more than $ 60 million in fees , according to a CNN investigation into the charity 's tax records . The other veterans charity , National Veterans Foundation , raised more than $ 22 million in donations over the past three years to help veterans yet spent about $ 18.2 million to pay Quadriga Art , according to IRS 990 forms . The animal charity SPCA International is still in debt to Quadriga Art , according to a spokeswoman for the direct-mail firm , adding that 's part of the charity 's "  aggressive strategy " to build a broad donor base . "  That resulted in an expected high cost in the beginning of their acquisition program , " said the spokeswoman , who declined to be named . She called SPCA International 's efforts a "  successful strategy . " Business tactics questioned There 's no question that a charity needs to spend money to raise money , according to Bob Ottenhoff , president of the charity watchdog group GuideStar . But he said that SPCA International 's tax records raise "  a number of red flags . " "  No. 1 , there is an enormous amount of money going into fund-raising , " Ottenhoff said . "  It 's not unusual for a nonprofit to fund-raise . In fact they need to fund-raise . But this organization has an enormous amount of fund-raising costs , certainly relative to the amount of money being spent . " Of the $ 14 million raised in 2010 , SPCA International reports it spent less than 0.5 % -- about $ 60,000 -- in small cash grants to animal shelters across the United States . It also said it spent about $ 450,000 -- about 3 % of the total raised in 2010 -- to bring back animals from Iraq and Afghanistan as part of its "  Baghdad Pups " program . On its website and its tax filings , SPCA International describes "  Baghdad Pups " as a program that "  helps U.S. troops safely transport home the companion animals they befriend in the war zone . " Yet the charity admitted that only 26 of the nearly 500 animals transported to the United States from Iraq and Afghanistan were actually service animals . The rest were stray animals , said Stephanie Scott , the charity 's communications director . And those 26 service animals were not attached to military K-9 units but belonged to Reed Inc. , a private contractor that built roads in Iraq and Afghanistan . To highlight the work of the "  Baghdad Pups " program , spokeswoman Terri Crisp appeared on CNN 's sister network , HLN , last year with "  Ivy " and "  Nugget , " two former bomb-sniffing dogs she said were abandoned . "  As the military pulls out and there 's not as great a need to have these dogs , there 's a surplus , " Crisp told HLN . "  These contractors do n't know what to do with them so these are the dogs that are falling through the cracks and they need homes desperately . " She said it 's "  unthinkable " that the military contractors do not return the dogs back to their countries of origin . "  And that 's why SPCA International is trying to put a spotlight on this so these dogs are not overlooked , " Crisp said . But a spokesman for Reed , the contractor that employed the dogs , told CNN that the animals had been given secure new homes out of the war zone in Kurdistan and that Crisp had suddenly shown up "  out of the blue " asking to take them to the United States . When asked about those comments , SPCA International spokeswoman Scott told CNN the charity had "  not heard that from Reed before " and said the dogs had been removed from "  an uncaring environment in Iraq . " Questions raised about charity 's management It is not the first time questions have been raised about Crisp or charities with which she has been involved . Crisp once headed a California-based animal rescue charity , Noah 's Wish , that reached a settlement agreement in 2007 with the state of California . The California attorney general investigated whether contributions for "  rescuing and caring for the animal victims of Hurricane Katrina " were used for that purpose . In that settlement agreement from the summer of 2007 , Crisp agreed not to "  serve as an officer , director or trustee or in any position having the duties or responsibilities of an officer , director or trustee , with any non-profit organization for a period of five  5  years from the date of the execution of this Settlement Agreement . " Yet in a filing with the North Carolina secretary of state 's office last year , SPCA International named Crisp in its list of officers and directors . Crisp did not admit any wrongdoing in the California settlement , but the charity agreed to return $ 4 million in donations to California officials out of the $ 8 million raised by Noah 's Wish . When asked about the settlement agreement , SPCA International 's Scott said , "  We do not believe Terri Crisp is in violation of her settlement agreement in her capacity working for SPCA International . " Pierre Barnoti , who founded U.S.-based SPCA International in 2006 , also has a questionable record as a charity manager . Three years after he founded SPCA International and became its president , Barnoti was fired as the Montreal SPCA 's president after leaving the Canadian charity deeply in debt to Quadriga Art , according to Nicholas Gilman , Montreal SPCA 's executive director . Gilman said that the Montreal SPCA still owes Quadriga Art nearly $ 2 million and that the American fund-raising company has a lien on the Montreal organization 's headquarters building . Barnoti told CNN he is fighting his dismissal and , when asked why he was fired , he responded , "  It 's not finished yet so there 's no point in discussing something that still is ongoing . " He also defended Crisp , saying , "  She is there under the bullets trying to save dogs and cats and bringing them back to the American soldiers who befriended them . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	SPCA International raised nearly $ 27 million to help animals worldwide , tax records show Nearly all of that money was spent on fund-raising expenses , records show The charity also misrepresented its "  Baghdad Pups " program It said the program resettled soldiers ' companion animals , but most were strays
SHANGHAI , China  CNN  -- If it were n't for the Internet , Murong Xuecun might still be working as a sales manager at a car company in the southern Chinese city of Chengdu . That is what he was doing when he started writing his first novel on his office 's online bulletin board system back in 2001 . The Internet is increasingly being seen in China as a tool for literary empowerment , analysts say . Week by week when he got home from work , Murong would post new pieces to a story that painted a bleak yet honest picture of modern urban life in the city where he lived . It contained tales about sex , love , gambling and drugs and became so popular that it soon appeared on numerous other online forums . Today the 35-year-old is considered one of the most famous authors to have emerged in contemporary China . His debut work , "  Leave Me Alone : A novel of Chengdu , " has been read by millions of Chinese "  netizens " -- steady Internet users -- and adapted for film and television and translated into German , French and English . He also is viewed as a pioneer of what has become nothing short of a literary renaissance online in the country , particularly among young Chinese writers . This is a constituency that has struggled to find a platform for their work in a publishing industry that is viewed as conservative as it often faces state censorship . Instead of remaining silent , a new generation of authors has found its voice on the Web . "  It is a very big revolution , " said Yang Hengjun , a political espionage novelist who published his first work online . "  When you write something on the Internet that you ca n't do in reality and you cause a change , that is revolutionary . " The past decade has seen the blossoming of countless literary Web sites and online forums hosting stories from thousands of aspiring authors . Their work is read by millions of Internet users , leading some to assert that in the future all writing , even reading , in China will take place in cyberspace . "  It 's an inevitable trend due to the rapid development of the Internet and conceptual change of people , " said Hou Xiaoqiang , head of Shanda Literature , a division of Shanghai-based Shanda Interactive Entertainment , the largest online entertainment provider in China . "  Ordinary people have started to realize the world ought to be dominated by them , rather than some media or elite , " Hou added . "  Online authors are breaking the rules and using totally fresh concepts . " Shanda Literature operates three of China 's biggest literary portals , including Qidian , one of the most popular . Collectively , the Web sites receive more than 200 million daily page views and have published nearly 30 billion Chinese characters , according to Shanda Literature 's company data . Shanda generates revenues through online advertising and by charging readers small amounts to access popular stories or works from famous authors who have been contracted to write . However , the company is increasingly trying to earn money by licensing online novels to film studios , music producers , game developers and book publishers while protecting the intellectual property rights of its authors . Shanda owns the rights to more than 200,000 works and has already sold a number of licenses to other entertainment companies , including a popular "  Tomb Raider " novel that is being adapted for film by Hong Kong director Johnnie To Kei-Fung . "  Literature is the starting point of all means of entertainment , " Hou told CNN . "  It can provide numerous blueprints for games , music , movies and dramas . A lack of good stories is the main reason of the underdevelopment of entertainment -LSB- in China -RSB- . " Many of China 's usually young and often female cyber-writers are posting their work online with the hope that , like Murong 's novels , their stories will be read by millions , ultimately becoming books or movies and turning the authors into celebrities . The online Chinese literary scene is , in some ways , like a TV reality show . Bookstores now have sections devoted to Internet novels published as paperbacks , while a number of other influential writers have emerged from the Web over the years , including Annie Baobei , whose books about love and loneliness in Chinese cities have sold more than a million copies . "  In America , people have the American dream . In China , people have the online dream , " said Dai Yingniao , a college junior who says almost all of her friends read online fantasy novels about time travel , romance or some mixture of the two . These genres are mostly read by ordinary girls who find life boring , said Dai , noting her roommate especially fancies a novel from the Qidian Web site called "  The Legend of Little Beauty . " "  I prefer real literature rather than imaginary works , " added the 20-year-old . She then described a cyber-novel she is planning to write about a princess who lives during the Qing Dynasty . After leaving her home in Beijing , the princess returns to find she no longer recognizes her family or the society she had lived in a few years before . "  I just want to convey my opinions about today 's life , " Dai said . "  Sometimes euphemism is more powerful . " Today it is more accepted for Chinese publishers to take risks with voices emerging online , many now printing stories that simply would not have been possible a decade ago . Publishing houses often peruse Web sites for talent whose writing can be brought to readers who are not logged on . "  Publishers can come in and say there are readers for this , and this is the demographic and if we want to hit young adults , then this is a great voice , " said Jo Lusby , the manager of Penguin China . " -LSB- The literary Web sites -RSB- are now a very natural part of the publishing scene in China . It is really a convergence of print and online writing . " Yet despite what has been a gradual commercialization and subsequent opening up of the Chinese publishing industry during the past few years , many of the writers who are able to self-publish with freedom online find they still can face substantial censorship when their works are adapted for offline audiences . "  Offline publishing is still tightly controlled and not easy to change , " said Yang Hengjun , whose spy novels are banned in the country . "  Any Internet novel is largely edited when it goes to publishing . " In the long run , however , Yang said he believes the freedom of literary expression on the Internet will spur even further liberalization in the Chinese publishing industry . "  It is a good thing and it is a promising thing , " said Yang . "  Nowadays for more and more people if they want to express themselves , they can go online . "	China now has the most Internet users in the world Publishing houses increasingly patrol Web sites for writing talent , observer says One of China 's biggest literary portals reports 200 million page views a day
CNN  -- As a swimmer , his countless hours of training paid off handsomely -- earning him a record 18 Olympic gold medals . As a golfer , Michael Phelps is wondering what he 's got himself into . "  It 's one of the most humbling games I 've tried to do in my entire life , " the American tells CNN . "  I could always pick things up fairly easily , but I do n't get how hitting a little object -- a little white ball , that is n't moving -- is so hard . "  Why ca n't I just hit this in a straight line ? Or hook it , or draw it , or fade it -- I ca n't do it . I 'm finally learning how to be able to do all that stuff and do it consistently . But I still do have some pretty bad shots . " Have a quick look online and you 'll find Phelps hurling his driver away in disgust after embarrassingly topping his tee shot at the home of golf , St. Andrews in Scotland . "  Throwing clubs , using profanity -- everything comes out , " Phelps says . But there are some moments of magic , such as when -- as a 26 handicapper -- he sank a monster 150-foot putt at the Dunhill Links pro-am in Scotland last October . However , golf requires both power and precision -- which Phelps , who was diagnosed with attention deficit disorder as a child , is slowly learning to combine . "  He 's one of those players that people would look at and say , ` He has a lot of potential . ' What that technically means is that the player is very long and very wild , " says Tiger Woods ' former coach Hank Haney , who has been tutoring Phelps in the latest series of his television show The Haney Project . "  They never look at someone who hits it a very short distance and say , ` Oh you 've got a lot of potential . ' They always comment on the potential someone has as based solely on the distance of their hitting . " Haney has some history in shaping unpredictable talents , having previously worked with former basketballer Charles Barkley and boxer Sugar Ray Leonard among his celebrity TV clients . "  Michael is 6 ' 4 but he has a 6 ' 8 wingspan , so his arms are very long . Because of that he has a pretty long , loose swing , " Haney tells CNN . "  It 's capable of generating a lot of power ... That 's been the biggest challenge , to get his swing better so he can control it a bit . " Haney says Phelps is "  definitely getting better " after carding true hackers ' scores of between 97 and 117 in six rounds immediately after the London 2012 Olympics -- where he took his career tally to a record 22 medals . "  His No. 1 goal after the Olympics was to learn how to play golf and be decent at it , " Haney says . "  I think he 's passionate about it . It 's nice to have someone like Michael Phelps interested in the game , it 's great for golf . " "  Baltimore Bullet " Golf is not only giving the 27-year-old Phelps a new hobby  if not quite a new career  -- it is also extending his commercial sell-by date . While he 's not in the $ 250 million league that Nike reportedly paid to sign up golf 's new star Rory McIlroy , the "  Baltimore Bullet " has already landed a club deal with Ping . "  Ping is a well-established global brand that should be able to deliver Phelps with huge international exposure , " says British sports business expert Simon Chadwick . "  Phelps , meanwhile , provides Ping with a brand association that has a strong track-record of success at the very highest level . "  That said , this is a somewhat strange alliance that would be appear to be fraught with difficulty . It does n't make instant sense , and quite what the tangible returns will be to both parties is n't necessarily obvious . "  If there is no expectation that Phelps will become a professional golfer , the Ping deal tends rather to imply that this is short-term opportunism -- unless , of course , the relaunch and rebranding of Phelps as a global sport or leisure brand starts here . "  If the Phelps brand in golf is to have any sustainable future , he needs to start delivering the kind of performances that fans and consumers will be looking for . " Chinese 12 year-old to make history Haney doubts that Phelps will be able to make it as a pro golfer , citing the very few examples of sports stars who 've been able to switch to the game -- and most of those have been on the seniors circuit . "  The possibility is there , but golf seems to take more time than any other sport -- there 's so much to learn and so much to practice . You have to dedicate full-time to golf to get there , " Haney says . "  It 's a big difference between being a scratch golfer or two handicap and being a professional golfer . It 's a whole other world , " Haney adds when asked about the golfing prospects of retired tennis star Andy Roddick , who like Phelps has been hitting the celebrity pro-am circuit . New adventure And Phelps sounds like he 's enjoying his retirement too much to dedicate himself to the same punishing routine that saw him not miss a 6.30 a.m training session for six years -- as Haney was informed by his protege 's former swim coach . "  I 've been saying a lot more recently about how great it is to be retired , " says Phelps . "  I can wake up at 10 in the morning , grab a cup of coffee , read the newspaper . "  If I feel like hitting a couple of golf balls , I hit some golf balls . I really just hang out , and it 's awesome . "  At this point I 'm really just trying to enjoy the sport , learn the sport , and be able to beat all of my friends who I go out and play with . " However , Haney is in no doubt that Phelps is committed to his new adventure . "  The crossover is the work ethic that he has -- he knows what it takes to be great in sports , " the 57-year-old coach says . "  He 's used to being coached , that makes it easier for me . In golf you have to be coached , no-one just knows how to do it . In order for that to happen , you like to have someone that 's used to taking coaching . " For someone who has coached 14-time major winner Woods , the goals of a novice like Phelps  "  He 's thinking pro-ams and playing amateur golf . He 'd love to win a club championship one day "  bring Haney back full circle in his career . "  Tiger was my last student and I had determined that when I started with Tiger , I said he 's going to be the last touring pro that I have , " says Haney , who wrote a book detailing his six years working with the biggest name in modern golf . "  I taught touring pros for 32 years and I enjoyed it . It was incredible , a lot of great experiences , but 32 years was enough for me -- I taught over 200 touring pros . It was time for me to do something different . And where do you go from Tiger Woods ? " Twitter tips Apart from his TV show , Haney is now focused on his corporate work , his International Junior Golf Academy based at Hilton Head , South Carolina -- and taking the game to the people . "  Golf 's been awful good to me , I have no problems doing that , I 'm very thankful to the game of golf , " says Haney , who is an active presence on Twitter , giving away tips to anyone who contacts him -- much to the chagrin of some of his peers . "  Last year I did clinics for over 15,000 people , so I feel like through Twitter and doing the clinics I 'm much more able to reach a larger audience and giving back to the game a little bit . "  I enjoy being a top instructor who is willing and able to do those things . " He says his junior academy , which has almost 150 students from 22 countries , is not necessarily seeking to unearth the next Tiger Woods . "  I 'm really proud of the fact that the kids do n't just learn golf but they have a great education . Every kid from our academy last year went to college , 94 % of them got scholarships . I really enjoy seeing how much they grow as people from being in our academy . "	Record-breaking Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps is trying to become a golfer He was tutored by Tiger Woods ' former coach Hank Haney for a TV series Haney says the 27-year-old 's golf game is "  very long and very wild " Phelps admits his frustrations at learning "  the most humbling " of sports
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 22 people were killed and more than 80 wounded Sunday in several car explosions and shootings in Iraq , including an attack on an Iraqi army base , authorities said . The war in Syria and sectarian tensions have played a part in the recent surge in violence in Iraq . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed , most of them civilians . Fears of all-out sectarian war have increased after violence that broke out in Anbar province in recent days . On Sunday , the most fatalities occurred when men with small firearms attacked the army base in Abu Ghraib west of Baghdad , police said . The attackers fled into a nearby area . Police said the Iraqi Army opened fire on the area and targeted it using helicopters . At least eight civilians were killed and 17 others wounded . It is not clear whether the casualties included any attackers . CNN has not been able to reach the Iraqi Ministry of Defense spokesman for comment on the incident . Police officials in Salaheddin province north of Baghdad said at least four people were killed and 26 others wounded in a double bombing Sunday evening . A parked car bomb , followed by a motorcycle with a cart attached to it , detonated in a busy part of the town of Tuz Khurmato , police said . The town is an ethnically mixed part of Salaheddin province and is home to Arabs , Turkmen and Kurds . Three people were killed and 12 wounded when a car bomb exploded at a bus station in central Baghdad , police said . The parked car bomb targeted Iraqi army recruits who were returning home after submitting applications to join the army , police said . The attack is the second in less than a week targeting recruits in the Iraqi capital city . On Thursday , a suicide bomber killed at least 13 people and injured 25 others at an army recruitment center in central Baghdad . At least four people were killed and 14 others wounded Sunday when a car bomb detonated in a predominantly Shiite area in the Iraqi capital , police said . The parked car detonated in Adan Square in the Kadhimiya district of northern Baghdad . The attack happened at noon , an hour when the area is usually crowded . In the northern city of Mosul , a bomb targeted members of the Iraqi security forces , killing at least one officer and wounding six others . Police said the bomb was attached to a vehicle belonging to the Facilities Protection Services . Earlier , at least one person was killed and 11 others wounded in a car bombing south of Mosul . The parked car exploded near a sheep market in the Hamam al-Aleel area , police said . At least 60 killed in weeks of violence in Iraq Journalists targeted Gunmen shot and killed a local television presenter outside his home in Mosul . Mohammed Ramadan al-Hadidi , who hosted a show on herbal medicine on Nineveh al-Ghad TV , was shot by unidentified gunmen as he left his house in the western part of the city . A local journalist told CNN that the journalists union received a text message Sunday threatening to target journalists in Nineveh province . The message was signed by al Qaeda-linked groups in the province . In another incident Sunday , an Iraqi journalist was wounded along with a driver when a bomb attached to the car they were in detonated south of Mosul . The journalist works for the city 's Mosuliya TV channel . Late last year , a 19-year-old anchor for the same channel was shot dead outside her home in the city . Last month , a news anchor and four other people were killed in a suicide bombing after armed militants stormed a TV complex in Tikrit , Over the past decade , Iraq has been one of the world 's deadliest countries for journalists , who have been frequently targeted by militants . Mosul , the provincial capital of the predominantly Sunni Nineveh province , is about 400 kilometers  250 miles  north of Baghdad . Security forces in Mosul say they have detained 137 suspects belonging to a Sunni-led group tied to al Qaeda , known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , in a series of raids in the city over the past seven days . Local residents say tensions have been rising in the city since violence erupted in Anbar province . At least 60 people have been killed and 297 wounded since the most recent round of violence started December 1 in embattled Anbar province , officials have said . Most victims were civilians , Ramadi and Falluja health officials said on Friday . Fighting has raged between al Qaeda-linked fighters and government troops in Falluja . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report	8 killed after attack on Iraqi army base Double bombing kills 4 , wounds 26 Journalist gunned down outside home in Mosul More than 20 people injured in two car bombings in Baghdad on Sunday
Janay Rice , wife of suspended NFL player Ray Rice , slammed the media Tuesday but stood by her husband . A day after his team fired him and the league suspended him for knocking her out during a fight , the football player 's wife called the situation a nightmare . "  To make us relive a moment in our lives that we regret every day is a horrible thing , " she wrote in an Instagram post . "  To take something away from the man I love that he has worked his ass off for all his life just to gain ratings is a horrific  sic  . " The Baltimore Ravens released Ray Rice on Monday after a video surfaced showing him punching his then-fiancee and dragging her limp body out of an Atlantic City casino elevator . He was originally suspended for two games over the February fight , a punishment that many considered too lenient . Rice was just weeks away from returning to the gridiron when the new video surfaced , spurring swift responses from the Ravens and the NFL that sent his professional football career grinding to halt . On Tuesday , his wife said she now feels like she 's mourning the death of her closest friend . "  No one knows the pain that the media & unwanted options from the public has caused my family , " she wrote . But she said her family will "  continue to grow & show the world what real love is . " "  THIS IS OUR LIFE ! " she wrote . "  What do n't you all get . " Later Tuesday , Janay Rice defended her husband to ESPN . "  I love my husband . I support him , " Janay Rice said , according to the network . "  I want people to respect our privacy in this family matter . " In response to texts sent to him on Tuesday , Ray Rice texted CNN sports journalist Rachel Nichols : "  I 'm just holding strong for my wife and kid that 's all I can do right now . " Criticism over NFL 's response The video posted by TMZ this week shows the couple inside the casino elevator . He punches her . She lunges at him . He hits her again , and she falls to the floor . In March , a grand jury indicted Ray Rice on a charge of third-degree aggravated assault , and a simple assault charge against Janay Rice was dropped . The couple were married the next day . Ray Rice pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault and applied to a program for first-time offenders that could clear him of charges in as little as one year . The Ravens had stood by him throughout the fallout . And NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell is coming under intense criticism for the way he 's handled the case . Both the league and the team changed their tune swiftly after the video was released . To the disbelief of many , the NFL said it had n't seen the surveillance footage of inside the elevator until TMZ Sports published it . Baltimore Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti apologized to fans Tuesday . He said the team had tried to get surveillance video from the casino , police and prosecutors , but all three refused and the team eventually decided to wait until court proceedings ended before pursuing with its investigation . "  Seeing that video changed everything . We should have seen it earlier . We should have pursued our own investigation more vigorously , " he said in a letter posted on the team 's website . "  We did n't and we were wrong . " Goodell , in his first televised comments since suspending Rice , told CBS News that he came into the office Monday and was told about the new video . The league "  assumed that there was a video " of what occurred in the elevator and the NFL asked for it , he said , but league officials were "  never granted that opportunity " to see it . A new tape ? There 's no sound in the video posted by TMZ this week . However , The Associated Press reported Tuesday that the news organization has viewed a longer , "  higher-quality " video with audio given to it by an anonymous source that shows the couple yelling obscenities at each other in the elevator . In the video AP viewed , she spits on him , and he punches her , the story said . "  Rice made no attempt to cover up the incident , " the AP reported . After Janay Rice collapses , Ray Rice appears to pull her out of the elevator and is met by hotel staff , according to the AP . One of the staffers can be heard saying , "  She 's drunk , right ? " and then , "  No cops . " Past comments on the case In May , the couple spoke to reporters about the case in a press conference publicized by the team . "  I do deeply regret the role that I played in the incident that night , " Janay Rice said . "  I love Ray , and I know that he will continue to prove himself to not only you all , but the community , and I know he will gain your respect back in due time , " she said . Ray Rice said he was sorry to the Ravens owner , general manager and head coach . "  I also want to apologize to my fans , to the kids , everyone who 's affected by the situation me and my wife are in , " he said . One person he did n't apologize to that day ? His wife . At a press conference in July , Ray Rice said his actions were "  inexcusable " and that the two were in counseling .	Ray Rice texts CNN : ` I 'm just holding strong for my wife and kid ' An Instagram post from Janay Rice blames media and defends "  man I love " Video emerged showing NFL star Rice punching her out and dragging her from elevator After the video was released , he was suspended indefinitely by the NFL
In this case , the pictures apparently were n't worth a single word . The sign language interpreter at Tuesday 's memorial service in Johannesburg for Nelson Mandela may have appeared to have been translating spoken words into gestures during the four hours he appeared on television screens around the world , but he was a fake , observers said Wednesday . "  The so-called ` interpreter ' ... at FNB stadium has been dubbed the ` fake interpreter ' and the deaf community is in outrage , " said Bruno Druchen , national director of the Deaf Federation of South Africa  DeafSA  , in a statement . "  He is not known by the Deaf Community in South Africa nor by the South African Sign Language interpreters working in the field . " The man showed no facial expressions , which are key in South African sign language , and his hand signals were meaningless , Druchen said . "  It is a total mockery of the language , " he added . The service to commemorate the statesman , who died last week at 95 , was broadcast to millions of viewers . While dignitaries addressed the crowd at Johannesburg 's FNB stadium , the unidentified , suited man produced a series of hand signals that experts said meant nothing . "  It was almost like he was doing baseball signs , " deaf actress Marlee Matlin told CNN on Wednesday , through a sign-language interpreter . "  I was appalled . " Though each country has its own sign language , all of them entail facial expressions , she said . She called his lack of facial expression "  a giveaway . " "  I knew exactly right then and there that he was n't authentic at all , and it was offensive ; it was offensive to me . " Others also took offense . On Tuesday , during the man 's performance , a deaf member of the South African Parliament and vice president of the World Federation of the Deaf , tweeted that the man "  is signing rubbish . He can not sign . Please get him off . " South African sign language interpreter Francois Deysel tweeted : "  Please can someone ask the interpreter to step down from stage , it is embarrassing and making a mockery of our profession . " DeafSA said the man also did not use the established , recognized signs for Mandela , South African President Jacob Zuma or his predecessor , Thabo Mbeki , among others . "  This proves that he is not involved in the deaf community and does n't know South African Sign Language , " it said . "  To the best of our knowledge , he has not undergone any formal training in South African Sign Language or Interpreting offered by any recognized institution which offers these training courses . " As outrage over his interpretation skills grew , so did questions over who he was and who hired him . A spokesman for the ruling African National Congress said the party had not hired him for the event . "  We have used him on some occasions but yesterday was not an ANC event so we can not answer for yesterday , " spokesman Jackson Mthembu said . The South African government was investigating the reports , said Collins Charbane , minister for performance monitoring and evaluation in the presidency .	"  It was almost like he was doing baseball signs , " says deaf actress Marlee Matlin Deaf Federation of South Africa says man was not a recognized , professional interpreter DeafSA says the man used "  meaningless " hand signals The four-hour Mandela memorial was broadcast to millions worldwide
Jerusalem  CNN  At times , he got raucous applause during his speech in Washington on Tuesday . But the reactions to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's message that may matter most came in Israel and Iran -- where emotions ran high , both in support and in opposition . In an address before the U.S. Congress punctuated by one-liners , Netanyahu claimed that ongoing talks about Iran 's nuclear program "  would all but guarantee that Iran gets nuclear weapons , lots of them . " He portrayed Iran 's leaders as untrustworthy and bloodthirsty , intent on annihilating Israel and threatening its allies . That viewpoint , not surprisingly , did n't play well in Tehran . While the speech was n't carried live , Iranians quickly pounced with heated condemnations of Netanyahu and characterized him as a liar . TV banners labeled the speech an example of "  Iranaphobia , " with commentators saying that it humiliated U.S. President Barack Obama and deepened the wedge between Israel and its longtime allies . "  This speech was a sign of the weakness and extreme isolation of radical groups , " Iranian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Marzieh Afkham said of what she called "  a deceitful theater play . " " ... The continued lies of Netanyahu regarding the aims and intentions of the peaceful nuclear program of Iran are repetitive and sickening , " she said . The reaction in Israel was more diverse , albeit predictable , reflecting the divisions there ahead of its March 17 election . Isaac Herzog -- the Labor Party chairman hoping to become Israel 's next Prime Minister -- said that Netanyahu 's speech , "  as impressive as it may be , did not prevent the Iranians ' nuclear program " nor did it impact talks now underway in Montreux , Switzerland , to address it . What the speech did accomplish , according to Herzog , is "  greatly undermine ... the relationship between Israel and the United States , " with Obama opposing Netanyahu 's speech as a political move that threatened to thwart the nuclear talks . "  It will not change the position of  Obama 's  administration and will only broaden the crisis of our great friend and our strategic ally , " Herzog said of the speech . "  That price , we will have to pay . " On the other side of the debate are people such as Danny Danon , a former Israel deputy defense minister . "  Prime Minister Netanyahu sounded the alarm for the survival of our country , " Danon said from Jerusalem . "  We are worried . And I am very proud of our prime minister , ... who said exactly what we feel : It is a bad deal . " The speech and the reactions to it came ahead of a March 24 deadline in which negotiators from six world powers , plus Iran , are trying to reach a long-term deal about Iran 's nuclear program . That looming date is why Netanyahu said he was compelled to address Congress at the invitation of House Speaker John Boehner  and without the advance knowledge of Obama  . Prior to boarding a plane Sunday in Tel Aviv , the Prime Minister called his foray to Washington "  a crucial trip , even a historical one . " The Iranian nuclear deadline is n't the only one looming for Netanyahu , or even the most immediate one . Because of Israeli elections in two weeks , the man who has called himself the "  messenger of all the people of Israel " might not be that for much longer . While it happened some 6,000 miles away , his speech in Washington on Tuesday could sway hearts and minds back home -- some admiring his strong leadership in protecting Israel and others , like Herzog , upset over how he has roiled relations with Obama and undermined peace efforts . Given Israeli election guidelines , TV networks pulled Herzog 's speech from air for fear it could be construed as campaigning . Netanyahu 's remarks were on a 5-minute delay for the same reason . Nachshon Carmi said he is "  totally " convinced Netanyahu primarily aimed to speak to voters at home as much as to affect the American government 's decisions on Iran . "  I think this is a classic move of distracting the voters from domestic issues to foreign policy , " Carmi said in Jerusalem . A fellow Israeli citizen , Malynnda Littky , disagrees . She thinks that Netanyahu had every right to make his case in Washington if he believes an Iranian deal could affect Israel 's future . "  He 's giving a speech on a topic he knows a lot about and is important to us , " Littky said . "  But it 's still just a speech . " Given longstanding issues with the Palestinian territories and the fact that Israel is surrounded by nations with predominantly Muslim populations , Israeli leaders have ample experience with being isolated and on the defensive . They 've also proven a willingness time and again to act out , if they feel doing so will safeguard their national security . Iran has been a case in point . Netanyahu has been the loudest voice in speaking about international efforts aimed at preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon . If the rest of the world ca n't act to stop this from happening , he 's suggested , then Israel will . There 's precedent about how that might be done : Israel bombed Iraq 's nuclear reactor in 1981 . At the time , then-Prime Minister Menachem Begin drew a line in the sand , essentially vowing that no Israeli enemy could develop weapons of mass destruction and that Israel would defend itself "  with all the means at our disposal . " That mentality is what appears to be driving Netanyahu , who has been adamant and consistent in expressing his distrust of Iran  whose supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , tweeted last year that Israel should be "  annihilated . "  The Prime Minister has been just as forthright in challenging international efforts to strike a deal with Tehran , an effort that 's been accelerated since a more conciliatory Hassan Rouhani became Iran 's president in 2013 . Several interim agreements have been made in recent months , though a long-term pact so far has been elusive . The Switzerland talks aim to bridge "  gaps " between the various parties , with Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif telling CNN on Tuesday that "  we 're starting to move forward , but it 's a lot of work . " So is Netanyahu having a disruptive effect on these negotiations ? "  He 's trying to , " Zarif said . "  But I do n't think trying to create tension and conflict helps anybody . " One thing that Netanyahu has certainly done is get the attention of Iranians . News about what happened in Washington was the biggest item in Iranian media and high on the minds of people on the streets of Tehran . In addition to citizens and TV commentators , Iranian officials took notice as well . But that does n't mean they are taking much stock in what Netanyahu said . Massoumeh Ebtekar , Iran 's Vice President for Environmental Affairs , told AFP from Paris that she did n't think Netanyahu 's opinion "  carries much weight . " "  They are making their efforts to derail the deal , " Ebtekar said of Israeli officials . "  But I think the more logical lobbies on both sides are looking forward to a solution . " There is a widespread opinion in Iran that Netanyahu has long been singularly intent on going after Iran , even before he started his second stint as Prime Minister in 2009 . His position is often conflated with that of the United States , a view that could be exacerbated by the loud reception Netanyahu got as he entered the chamber of the U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday and all the times cheers and applause interrupted his speech . Of course , just because Iranians are mindful of what Netanyahu said does n't mean they will change their minds . Changing minds in Israel , ahead of the coming election , is another matter . Whether Tuesday 's speech will do that ca n't be ascertained until there 's credible polling after his remarks , or arguably once citizens go to the polls in two weeks . Until then , polls from various Israeli news outlets suggest a tight race . Some project Netanyahu 's Likud party winning fewer seats than the so-called Zionist alliance opposing him , though exactly who will end up as prime minister depends on which parties join forces after the votes are cast . Most Israelis do n't think that Netanyahu has any hope of impacting opinions and policies out of Iran with his speech , Bar-Ilan University professor Eytan Gilboa said . But many are worried about what Gilboa calls the worst crisis in the decades-long relationship between Israel and the United States , with Tuesday 's speech doing little to help change the perception "  there is very little trust between " Obama and Netanyahu . Speaking from Jerusalem , Carmi said he understands the depth of this division but does n't think the damage is irreparable . "  The connection between Israel and the United States goes so deep and is on so many levels , " he said . "  Yes , we 're going through a bad time . But we 'll get over it . " CNN 's Kate Bolduan reported from Jerusalem , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Jim Sciutto contributed to this report from Switzerland , and CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Frederik Pleitgen from Tehran , Iran .	Iranian ministry spokeswoman : Speech a "  deceitful theater play " full of "  lies " Israelis are split on the speech and Netanyahu ahead of upcoming elections there
Bor , South Sudan  CNN  -- Fears that a new civil war could erupt in South Sudan drove leaders of two neighboring African countries into its capital , Juba , Thursday . Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta , Ethiopian Premier Hailemariam Desalegn and South Sudanese officials had "  very constructive " talks , but reached no agreements , South Sudan 's foreign minister said Thursday . They will meet again Friday with leaders of nations that belong to an East African governmental group , according to Foreign Minister Barnaba Marial Benjamin . Kenyatta and Desalegn have called for an immediate end to the fighting , in which South Sudan 's President Salva Kiir is fighting a rebellion led by former Vice President Riek Machar , whom he dismissed months ago . News of the summit comes as United Nations officials work feverishly to finalize details of sending peacekeeping reinforcements to South Sudan . The U.N. hopes to send them in no later than Saturday to help protect the 50,000 people now crowding U.N. bases , seeking shelter from the fighting . The U.N. Security Council voted Tuesday to bring the total peacekeeping force up to 12,500 soldiers and 1,323 police officers . At a press briefing , Hilde Frafjord Johnson , the U.N. special representative of the secretary-general , said by teleconference that the fighting threatens to bring back "  nightmares of the past " -- decades of strife that led to creation of the world 's newest country . "  And for us , one of the most important things is to have those nightmares end , " she said . Recurring nightmare The bloodletting on Wednesday in the South Sudan city of Bor was a real-time repeat of slaughters 22 years before -- another time in which Machar , then a rebel leader , broke ranks and turned against a former ally . In 1991 , when the south still belonged to the nation of Sudan , it fought a bloody civil war against the north . Machar had a falling out with John Garang , who led the fight against the north . That split led to vicious attacks in Bor . People fled . People died . More than two decades later , after South Sudan achieved independence from Khartoum , after it became the world 's newest nation , people are again dying . They are again fleeing government troops battling rebel followers of Machar . In Bor , the evidence of fresh blood was everywhere Wednesday . On Christmas Day , the stores were looted , emptied of everything . The hospitals had no medicine , no doctors . Even they ran to save their own lives . Homes lay burned . Razed . On both sides of the main roads , streams of people carried their life 's belongings . Even chairs . Sporadic gunfire , mainly warning shots now from government troops , pierced the air . The heavy fighting , for now , was done . President Kiir 's soldiers were in control . The rebels were battling elsewhere for control including further north in the city of Malakal , the capital of oil-rich Upper Nile state . The conflict , which broke out mid-month , has led to mass killings as evidenced by mass graves , the United Nations has said . It 's a tribal war , in which ethnic interest is placed above national unity . Kiir and Machar are longtime rivals from two different tribal clans -- Kiir , like Garang before him , is from the Dinka tribe , and Machar from the Neur . But the speed with which tensions broke into outright violence took everyone by surprise , the U.N. 's Johnson said Thursday . "  The speed , the gravity and the scale , I think nobody would have expected , " she said . Humanitarian crisis On Wednesday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon warned that those responsible for civilian deaths would be held accountable . "  I once again call on the country 's leaders to settle their differences peacefully -- and I underscore their responsibility to protect civilians , " Ban said . The Peace and Security Council of the African Union expressed "  deep dismay and disappointment that the continent 's newest nation should descend so rapidly into internal strife . " As the crisis worsens , aid agencies predict they will need $ 166 million from now until March to provide water , sanitation , medical care and food . Even in Juba , food is running short . In the last 10 days , 90,000 people have been forced from their homes ; 58,000 of them are at U.N. peacekeeping bases . Wounded U.S. Navy SEALs Bor is where Machar 's forces fired on three U.S. military aircraft that were on an evacuation mission Saturday . Four Navy SEALs were injured ; the most seriously injured of them was en route Wednesday to the U.S. military hospital facility in Landstuhl , Germany . He had been treated initially in Nairobi , Kenya . "  The fourth injured service member is on his way , " a U.S. military official with knowledge of the operation said . "  I hear he is doing well . " The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said the four SEALs were part of an operation to evacuate Americans in and around Bor when the CV-22 Osprey they were aboard was shot down . The Osprey was flown by an Air Force Special Operations team , and the SEALs were aboard to provide security when they landed , the official said . In places like Bor , conflict had become a part of life , except perhaps for a brief time after South Sudan was born . In Bor Wednesday , a 33-year-old woman who had lived through the violence of 1991 , found herself questioning the future . Again . "  How long , " she asked , "  are we going to continue to run ? " Journalist Mading Ngor reported from Bor and CNN 's Moni Basu wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Azadeh Ansari , Barbara Starr , Nana Karikari-apau and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. officials hope to have reinforcements in South Sudan by Saturday Peace talks "  very constructive , " South Sudan 's foreign minister says Fighting between rival ethnic groups has resulted in mass killings Four U.S. Navy SEALs were wounded by rebels on Saturday
CNN  -- It took Drake only one try to become one of "  Saturday Night Live 's " best hosts . On the January 18 episode , the rapper dusted off his acting skills -- honed on "  Degrassi : The Next Generation " -- and seamlessly brought "  SNL " back from its hiatus with its newest cast member , Sasheer Zamata . Zamata was recently hired after the NBC sketch comedy show was criticized for its noticeable lack of African-American women , and made her debut on January 18 . Behind the scenes , "  SNL " has also added two new African-American women writers , LaKendra Tookes and Leslie Jones . On Saturday , viewers were trying to figure out how "  SNL " would address its highly publicized hire -- would the show again poke fun at itself by making her take on everyone from the first lady to Beyonc  to Oprah in one sketch , as Kerry Washington did when she hosted last fall , or would it slowly introduce her with just one or two scenes ? In the end , "  SNL " went with a third option : It used Zamata liberally throughout the show as a supporting player , but her debut was virtually overshadowed by the night 's host , Drake . In addition to performing , the 27-year-old artist participated in nearly every sketch and nailed them , from his opening monologue that recalled his bar mitzvah ... ... to his impersonation of comedian Katt Williams , and his spoof of colleagues Jay Z and Lil Wayne in "  Before They Were Stars . " In fact , the one person who won the episode more than Drake was Kate McKinnon and her impersonation of Justin Bieber in the cold open : We were n't the only ones who thought so . "  G  ive credit to host and musical guest Drake for shifting through characters as if he 'd always belonged on the late-night sketch show , " the Los Angeles Times said in a review . "  Drake showed he had a deft comedic hand on Saturday . " The Huffington Post 's Mike Ryan was also pleasantly surprised , saying in a review that Drake reminded him of Bruno Mars from last season : "  An energetic host that 's been given so-so material that he 's able to elevate -- to a point . " And the fact that "  SNL " fully integrated Zamata into the episode  versus trying to break her out as a more prominent star  also meant there was more time for Drake , Entertainment Weekly noted , "  and Drake was really , really great , " particularly in the "  Before They Were Stars " sketch .	Rapper Drake hosted and performed on "  SNL " January 18 It was also new cast member Sasheer Zamata 's debut Drake impersonated several stars , including Jay Z and Lil Wayne Critics were pleasantly surprised
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate confirmed by unanimous consent retired Adm. Dennis Blair as director of national intelligence Wednesday . Retired Adm. Dennis Blair answers questions at his confirmation hearing last week . The confirmation followed the resignation of former director Michael McConnell , who left the post Tuesday after nearly two years on the job . Earlier this month , President Barack Obama nominated Blair to be chief of intelligence . McConnell had been expected to remain as DNI until Blair was in place , but a delay in Blair 's confirmation prompted him to announce his resignation sooner than that . Blair 's confirmation hearing was held last week . The retired admiral will continue to advise Obama , however , having agreed to serve on the President 's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board . The defense consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton announced Tuesday that McConnell will return to the company as a vice president . He left the firm in February 2007 to become the nation 's second director of national intelligence . In a farewell letter obtained by CNN , McConnell thanked his colleagues for their hard work and touted some of the accomplishments during his tenure . At the top of his list : passage of legislation revising the law governing intelligence community eavesdropping and updating the presidential order that outlines the power and authorities of the community . "  These documents lay a foundation to provide the IC the structure and the tools needed to continue our work , while expanding privacy and civil liberties protections to all Americans , " wrote McConnell . The office was created in late 2004 as part of the effort to improve intelligence gathering after the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the United States and the faulty intelligence on Iraq weapons of mass destruction .	Retired Adm. Dennis Blair confirmed by unanimous consent Confirmation comes after previous director Michael McConnell resigned Earlier this month , President Obama nominated Blair as chief of intelligence
Washington  CNN  -- Karen Harned has been going to the Supreme Court every day it has met since June 11 so there would be no chance she would miss the health care law ruling . Harned is director of the small business legal center of the National Federation of Independent Business , one of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit that seeks to strike down the law . She and her group have worked through all of the possibilities and are ready to react to the court 's ruling immediately . "  We have done a lot of work on that because we think that is critical . We are in the 24-hour media cycle . The reporting will start immediately , " she told CNN . Ron Pollack of Families USA , one of the major groups promoting the health care initiative , brought activists from a dozen key states to Washington last week to help plan the various messages and reaction plans for each of the possible scenarios depending on how the court rules . "  Over the numerous weeks , we knew different possibilities could occur , " Pollack told CNN . "  Most of our focus is on what happens if the statute is upheld or partially upheld : where do we go from here and what do we want the public to understand ? " Since Barack Obama took office , no other political issue has generated as much debate , tension and argument than health care reform and the government 's role . Various constituencies -- the White House , Congress and a myriad of interest groups on all sides -- anxiously wait for the nation 's high court to hand down its decision on one of the most divisive political issues it has taken up in many years . Congress ready for decision -- then it gets tricky Their task has been complicated by a great deal of uncertainty : How many rulings will there actually be since the justices are considering several different aspects of the Affordable Care Act ? Will the court decide to deal with the controversial individual mandate , which requires most citizens to buy health care insurance , separately than the rest of the law ? Some interest groups have differing statements ready for seven or eight scenarios . Many of the groups will either be at the court on Thursday or race there so they can go to the cameras staked outside . The big four issues : What the justices are tackling One coalition of labor and health care reform advocates already sent reporters an e-mail saying they 'll hold a conference call at 12:30 p.m. on whatever day the ruling comes with the call-in number . Obama has the most at stake politically because the health care law is considered to be his signature domestic political achievement . A ruling by the court that all or part of the law is unconstitutional would be a black mark on his administration . No president wants to see his signature achievements overturned , said Paul Begala , a former senior adviser in Bill Clinton 's White House and now an adviser to the pro-Obama super PAC Priorities USA as well as a CNN contributor . The White House has steadfastly refused to speculate about what will happen if the law is struck down . However , Valerie Jarrett , a senior White House adviser , said over the weekend at the National Association of Black Journalists convention that the administration is prepared for whatever the court does . She admitted the White House and Democratic congressional allies had been outmaneuvered as the issue was being debated . "  The opponents of it outorganized -- in terms of the ` death panels ' -- and distorted what we were doing early on , " she said , referring to some opponents ' assertion that the new law contained a provision that would have bureaucrats decide who would or would n't be treated . The Supreme Court health care decision will again put the issue front and center for presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , who included the individual mandate as part of the health care overhaul he pushed while governor of Massachusetts but has said he does not favor the requirement on a national scale . "  Regardless of what they do , it 's going to be up to the next president to either repeal and replace Obamacare or to replace Obamacare . And I intend to do both , if I 'm the president at a time when the Supreme Court has left Obamacare in place , I will repeal it on day one by sending out a waiver to all 50 states to keep them from having to pursue Obamacare , " the presumptive Republican nominee said earlier this month in Orlando , Florida . While Romney would make the states responsible for helping the uninsured , he has said he would make sure to keep some of the more popular provisions of the health care overhaul , such as making sure people are n't dropped from coverage if they have a pre-existing condition . Your Bottom Line : Pre-existing conditions Romney 's campaign staff has been meeting with members of Congress on how they will react , with the Republican National Committee helping to prepare . House Speaker John Boehner said in a memo to House Republicans last week that "  if the court strikes down all or part of the president 's health care law , there will be no spiking of the ball . " He said the emphasis will still be on the economy . "  We will not celebrate at a time when millions of our fellow Americans are out of work . " No matter the decision , analysts on both sides predict there will be political repercussions that could have a major effect on both presidential campaigns in trying to motivate their bases . If the court upholds the law , that could fire up Romney 's supporters . "  It is odd -- if you lose substantively , you might win politically , " Begala said . If the mandate or entire bill is ruled unconstitutional , then the president 's base could get motivated . "  Democratic activists are very cynical about the Supreme Court , " Begala added . Overturning the law could take away a strong motivator for Romney , some analysts have noted , but the president would get the political black eye . A health care ` Judas ' recounts his conversion "  It is going to be the gift that keeps giving , " said one Republican consultant . "  What we are seeing with independent voters they are unhappy , disenchanted with Obama . This would just reinforce that . " The problem for both parties is trying to decipher what exactly the public wants on this complex and emotional issue that affects most Americans . A CNN/ORC International poll conducted last month showed 51 % of Americans surveyed oppose the law -- most of them because they think it goes too far but some who feel it does n't go far enough -- while 43 % favor it . However , a recent Pew Research Center poll found a majority would not be happy with any of the possible scenarios that analysts believe are likely to come from the court . When asked if they would be happy or unhappy depending on how the court might rule , 44 % said they would be happy if the entire bill is thrown out ; 40 % would be happy if just the individual mandate alone is discarded ; and 39 % would be happy if the entire law is upheld . Despite the massive protests and attention paid to the issue , the American people do n't really understand what is contained in the law -- a sign the White House has not done a good job of messaging . Some 49 % in the Pew survey said they understand the law somewhat well , 31 % said they understand it not too well or not well at all and only 18 % said they understand it very well . According to analysis by CNN 's ad-tracking service Kantar Media/CMAG , those opposing Obamacare outspent proponents by a 3-1 margin -- $ 235 million to $ 69 million -- from March 23 , 2010 , when the law was signed , through June 17 . What to know about health care reform Some Democrats privately acknowledge they have not done a good job of articulating their message . It 's one reason that as they prepare for whatever comes out of the court , they are ready to trumpet some of the act 's accomplishments so far . Democratic members of Congress have been given small cards touting such facts as : 6.6 million young adults up to age 26 have health insurance through their parents ' plan ; up to 17 million children with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied coverage ; 54 million Americans with private insurance have received one or more free preventive service and 5.1 million seniors saved $ 3.2 billion on prescription drugs . Conservatives have pounced on the uncertainties of the law as well as government overreach in its opposition . Concerned Women for America , for example , last week went up with a $ 6 million ad in six key electoral states  Iowa , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Mexico , Virginia and Wisconsin  and national cable with a doctor saying : "  The truth is , we still do n't know how much this law will eventually cost . I do n't want anything to come between my patients and me -- especially Washington bureaucrats . " As for the insurers , they have been running what they call an aggressive education campaign to try to sell what it calls an "  inextricable link " between market reforms and the coverage requirement . The insurers ' trade group , America 's Health Insurance Plans  AHIP  , argues that to afford the changes , the companies need a larger insurance pool that comes with the mandate . If not , then consumers could be facing larger premiums . Also in a pre-emptive move , several major insurers , including Aetna , Humana and UnitedHealthcare , have announced they will allow children of their clients to stay on until they are 26 even if the law is thrown out . "  We are ready for whatever the court decides . We will have a lot more when the court announces , " said AHIP spokesman Robert Zirkelbach . Basics : Health care reform issues CNNPolitics.com Editor Bryan Monroe contributed to this report .	Various constituencies anxiously wait for the high court to hand down its decision Some interest groups have differing statements ready for seven or eight scenarios President Barack Obama has the most at stake politically White House has refused to speculate about what will happen if the law is struck down
WEST , Texas  CNN  -- One by one , the beleaguered townspeople of West , Texas , filed into local churches Sunday to begin the healing process , following last week 's deadly blast at the nearby West Fertilizer Co. plant . As parishioners streamed out of St. Mary 's Catholic Church after Sunday 's service , Father Boniface Onjefu hugged and consoled his congregants , and gave reassuring smiles and high fives to the church 's youngest members . "  West is a strong city . We shall definitely overcome this tragedy , " Onjefu told those assembled at his church , about a mile from the explosion site . Several members of St. Mary 's were killed or injured battling the blaze , Onjefu told CNN . The church 's parking lot has become a staging area , of sorts , for police and first responders who have flooded the north central Texas community since Wednesday 's explosion that killed 14 people . Search and rescue efforts have evolved into search and recovery efforts , because officials do n't expect to find any more victims in the wreckage -- alive or dead . The explosion at West Fertilizer 's plant ruined much of the north side of town , and left hundreds of people injured , homeless and in need of help . On television nationally , the scope of the tragedy was overshadowed by the dramatic events in New England , as investigators there pursued leads in the Boston Marathon bombing investigation , then pursued their suspects . But many Texans kept their focus on the great need close to home . Long lines of cars streamed by the community center , dropping off food , water and other rations throughout the weekend . Numerous church groups and restaurants handed out hot meals . "  These are our neighbors . They are coming to help , " Waco Police Department Sgt. William Patrick Swanton told reporters . "  You will find that in Texas . You will find that across the United States . We put everything aside when it comes to these types of situations . " The nine first responders from West who died battling the blaze represented nearly one-third of the town 's volunteer firefighting and EMT force . The fire destroyed two fire trucks and an ambulance . Firefighters and trucks from neighboring communities now fill the void at the West firehouse . At Sunday 's emotional church service in this farming town of fewer than 3,000 residents , the priest told congregants his personal recollection of Wednesday 's horror . He had just returned to the rectory when he heard the blast . "  I thought it was an earthquake , " Onjefu said . The lights flickered on and off as his small two-story brick residence shook from the explosion , he added . Onjefu said that when he headed outside , he immediately noticed a large , dark plume of smoke rising in the sky on the north side of town . He got into his car and drove toward the smoke . The priest was one of the first to arrive in the destroyed part of town . He immediately began helping remove victims from a severely damaged nursing home . The town 's high school and middle school , also close to the fertilizer plant , sustained heavy damage as well . Onjefu said that since the blast , he has witnessed "  fear in the eyes " of people walking the streets of West . Many churchgoers trying to fathom the destruction have asked Onjefu for answers about why the plant exploded . "  I guess it could have been worse , " an elderly church member told him as he left the Sunday service . Onjefu smiled and agreed , reminding the man of his sermon , which noted that rains and winds in the area had helped tame the blaze , and kept the poisonous cloud of fumes away from the center of town . Evacuated townspeople began returning home late Saturday to begin what promises to be a massive cleanup effort . Authorities allowed a second wave to revisit their homes Sunday . The process "  is going well and orderly , " with "  very few hiccups , " said Steve Vanek , West 's mayor pro tem . Adult residents are being allowed in until 7 p.m. , under the supervision of Texas state police , he said . A strict curfew and heavy state police presence control the areas cordoned off near the site -- almost the entire north side of town . The cause of the fire and explosion has not been determined yet , but investigators have isolated the center of the blast , Assistant State Fire Marshal Kelly Kistner said Sunday . The explosion left a large crater in the middle of the plant , Kistner said . Funeral arrangements are pending for those killed . But Vanek said Sunday that Baylor University , 20 miles away in Waco , will host a memorial service for first responders at 2 p.m. Thursday . So far , 10 of the 14 casualties have been identified as first responders , including a Dallas firefighter . In Hillsboro , Texas , about 15 miles from West , hotels and storefront windows displayed fliers celebrating the life of firefighter Jerry Chapman , who was killed fighting the blaze , an indication that the mourning and sense of grief go far beyond the close-knit community of West . The week from hell CNN 's Todd Sperry reported from West , Texas ; CNN 's Martin Savidge , John Murgatroyd and Eric Fiegel contributed to this report from West , Texas ; CNN 's Matt Smith and Mark Morgenstein contributed from Atlanta .	A fertilizer plant exploded in West , Texas , on Wednesday , killing 14 people A priest at a church in West vows his "  strong city " will "  overcome this tragedy " Texans are rallying to aid the beleaguered people of West Authorities are letting evacuated townspeople return to their damaged homes
First , Iran said it would produce its own cinematic response to "  Argo . " Now , Tehran plans to sue Hollywood filmmakers who contribute to the production of such "  anti-Iran " propaganda films . State-run Press TV reports that Iranian officials have talked to an "  internationally-renowned " French lawyer about filing such a suit . "  I will defend Iran against the films like ` Argo , ' which are produced in Hollywood to distort the country 's image , " said Isabelle Coutant-Peyre . Ex-Iran hostages hope ` Argo ' win boosts quest for reparations "  Argo , " directed by Ben Affleck , who also played the lead role , is about the rescue of U.S. diplomats during the Iran hostage crisis . The film , released in 2012 , won the Oscar for best picture garnered Affleck a Golden Globe as director and also took the Golden Globe for best drama movie . The film claims to be based on a true story rather than to constitute a scrupulous retelling of what took place , and its deviations from reality have been documented . Iran plans to fund a movie titled "  The General Staff , " about 20 American hostages who were handed over to the United States by Iranian revolutionaries , according to a report by Mehr News , an official Iranian agency . Press TV has detailed its objections to "  Argo . " "  The Iranophobic American movie attempts to describe Iranians as overemotional , irrational , insane and diabolical while at the same , the CIA agents are represented as heroically patriotic , " it complained .	Iranian state media : Argo gives a distorted image of the Iranian people A French lawyer says she will defend Iran against films that harm the country The film does not purport to be an exact account of events Iran is also to fund a cinematic response to "  Argo "
CNN  -- Air New Zealand 's latest in-flight safety video , released Tuesday , is already another viral hit but is encountering some turbulence over its use of several bikini-clad Sports Illustrated models . View the video here Previous versions of the video -- starring anything from Hobbits to Bear Grylls to New Zealand 's all conquering All Blacks rugby team -- have revolutionized the on-board safety message airlines deliver to passengers . The most recent effort though is being criticized by some as neither ground-breaking nor as creative , after the airline teamed up with Sports Illustrated magazine to produce what it 's calling "  the world 's most beautiful safety video . " The "  Safety in Paradise " video , which rolls out on Air New Zealand flights at the end of February , is beautifully shot and certainly cheerful and fun . It was filmed in the Cook Islands -- home to several stunning beaches -- and coincides with the 50th anniversary of Sports Illustrated 's Swimsuit franchise . Earlier videos have been witty , clever and quirky but the paradise video combines a far less subtle use of eye-catching material -- using four of the planet 's most beautiful , and scantily clad women , to deliver information to passengers . The models include Ariel Meredith , Chrissy Teigen , Hannah Davis and Jessica Gomes . Christie Brinkley makes a cameo . "  It seems that suddenly they are saying that my sexuality is all that matters about me , " one critic , Massey University lecturer and feminist commentator Deborah Russell told the Sydney Morning Herald . Social media reaction to the video was predictably mixed , though the majority of commenters on Facebook and Twitter appeared to support the video -- and the women in it . Many praised Air New Zealand for using beautiful women to promote the Cook Islands and complimented the airline on its marketing prowess , given the mass of media attention now being given to the safety video . From the negative corner , while some commented they were appalled Air New Zealand would be so sexist , others said the Sports Illustrated version just is n't all that clever -- a disappointing follow up to the airline 's creative safety videos of the past . "  No no no no no ! What a giant step backwards for the representation of women by NZ , " commented Facebook user Claire Jongenelen on Air New Zealand 's official page . "  I am so embarrassed and disappointed , as a young NZ woman who travels for business and leisure with Air NZ . This is n't the beauty of the Cook Islands . The beauty of the Cook Islands is the scenery and its  truly  beautiful inhabitants . I 'm actually a little disgusted . " We 've posted several comments from social media at the base of this story Air New Zealand spokesperson Andrew Aitken refuted those comments . "  We have been careful to ensure ` Safety in Paradise ' has been produced in a way that is tasteful , " he said . The carrier , taking fun seriously , quickly established a reputation for edgy safety videos -- part of the company strategy , Air New Zealand CEO Christopher Luxon told CNN . "  We know that we actually get our customers watching and interpreting and internalizing our safety messages , better than I would argue anyone else , because we get their attention with the video ... We 've had 12 million people watch our Hobbit safety video on YouTube and you sit there and go , that 's quite an incredible thing . But it 's another small example of just how we think that we can deliver the table stakes of a great airline but actually do it with a twist and with some personality along the way , " Luxon told CNN in an interview recorded late January for CNN 's business feature series , Executive Innovator . That interview was conducted before the safety video was released . "  We 'll have inflight safety videos that people love or people hate . But at the end of the day it 's about taking risk and embracing risk intelligently . And that 's what we 've trying to do across the whole of the business as a result . " Previous safety video "  episodes " include "  Safety Old School Style , " featuring Betty White and other octogenarians , "  The Bear Essential of Safety , " with Bear Grylls and "  Mile High Madness with Richard Simmons , " in which a sequin-shirted , short-shorted Simmons gaily encourages passengers to "  grab , click and pull ! " The latter has racked up nearly 3 million views on YouTube . The latest "  Safety in Paradise : video includes : - Ariel Meredith checking herself in a mirror having donned her oxygen mask . - Local men sneaking a look at a pouting , frolicking Jessica Gomes while demonstrating how to "  brace . " - A three-second glimpse of a muscly male pool cleaner  seemingly in case the ladies were feeling neglected  . The "  making of " video already has 540,000 views on YouTube , while the "  Safety in Paradies " video , released Tuesday , has more than 120,000 at the time of writing . Below are some of the reactions sourced from social media . Tell us what you think of the video in the comments -- fun , or sexist ? -	` Safety in Paradise ' released February 11 , already has 120,000 + YouTube views It features models Ariel Meredith , Chrissy Teigen , Hannah Davis and Jessica Gomes Air New Zealand says it has been done "  tastefully "
It 's graduation day and professor Jonathan Jansen strolls around the campus of the University of the Free State . Every now and then he stops to greet his gown-clad students , standing out amid a crowd of beaming parents and proudly grinning teachers . As rector of the formerly all-white educational institution in Bloemfontein , South Africa , Jansen is about to use his graduation ceremony speech to teach his students one last lesson . "  I urge you , in a country where there 's still a lot of rage , never respond by rage , respond through reason and you will have gotten not just a degree , but an education , " says Jansen , looking into the eyes of his students . Jansen , the first black dean of education at the University of the Free State , is one of South Africa 's leading academics and intellectuals . Throughout his long and esteemed educational career , which has taken him from teaching biology in high school classrooms to leading one of South Africa 's premier learning institutions , Jansen has been doing everything he can to keep education uppermost in the minds of his students . "  The way out of poverty is through learning and those basic values I have carried with me throughout my leadership , " says Jansen , who is not only an academic but has a wider audience as author , newspaper columnist and the president of the South African Institute of Race Relations . Read more : Oprah a ` proud momma ' as first Academy students graduate The son of a preacher , Jansen was born in Cape Flats , a violent , gang-infested area on the fringes of Cape Town . Life was tough for the future educator , coming of age in a country plagued by apartheid -- he says that growing up as a black boy in Cape Flats , there was a "  greater chance " of going to prison than going to university . But despite the disadvantages of his surroundings , Jansen believes he thrived , thanks largely to the example set by his parents -- he described them as "  Old Testament figures -- my father being Abraham , my mother being Sarah . " "  Here you had parents that raised you in a bubble of decency , of this is what you do and do n't do , this is the direction out of poverty , " he says . Even though his parents ' families were both materially dispossessed under Apartheid , Jansen says his father and mother raised their children with a strong sense of not being bitter , of being generous to those who are poor and of living a life "  without respect for color . " "  That helped us enormously , " he says , "  so as I looked outside I could see people killing each other , I witnessed the rape of women , I saw horrible things happening around me , but it was as if it did not happen because in this bubble that Abraham and Sarah raised us , there was an understanding of yourself that was unshakeable -- central to that was education . " Passionate about the transformative power of knowledge , Jansen holds strong opinions about the state of education in South Africa . He argues that years of maladministration left the country with a failing state education system . He is also regularly heard lambasting the country 's low teaching standards , which allow students in some cases to pass exams with as little as 30 % . "  It 's odd for me because it 's like we do n't get it that in a modern interconnected economy you better be up there playing with the best , " he says . "  I take this to be another symptom of how we 've succumbed to the apartheid message that we ca n't , that we 're inferior , that we need to beg for participation and that does much more damage than any politician can imagine . " Read more : Elite boarding school aims to create Africa 's future leaders A firm believer of the society 's responsibility to insist on a qualitative education system , Jansen , a Fulbright scholar , assumed his current role at the University of the Free State in 2009 after the institution faced controversy over racism and racial integration . In 2008 , a video surfaced of four white students at the university urging at least five black housekeepers to eat what appeared to be urine-tainted beef stew . The incident sparked national outcry and shed light over South Africa 's racial integration problems . Citing reconciliation "  on a deeply divided campus , " Jansen decided to invite the students to return to the university and resume their studies , regardless of their legal consequences . "  We decided ... to offer to the boys an institutional message of forgiveness and acceptance , that they could come back in and participate in a process of reconciliation with the people that they had hurt . " The students were fined after pleading guilty to deliberately injuring another person 's dignity , but they rebuffed Jansen 's invitation to return to the university . Jansen was roundly criticized for that gesture , which only served to contribute to his reputation for being outspoken . "  If in the process of forgiving and reconciling , we enable other transformations to take place , which is exactly what happened , then that is a better way to go than the thirst -- the understandable thirst let me say -- for vengeance , " he says . Back at the graduation ceremony , Jansen 's moral code of reconciliation over retribution returns once again . "  I do n't care what else you 've learned at the University of the Free State , " he tells the graduates , "  but you know this is a university that in the world is regarded as a place that chooses reconciliation over revenge , that chooses compassion over striking back , that chooses mercy over retaliation . "	Professor Jonathan Jansen is one of South Africa 's top academics He is the rector of the University of the Free State in Bloemfontein Jansen is passionate about teaching his moral code : reconciliation over retribution He is also an author , columnist and the president of the South African Institute of Race Relations
Yemen 's president , a powerful rebel group and representatives of major political parties signed a ceasefire Sunday , the government announced . "  The document calls for an immediate ceasefire and ending all forms of violence , " the written statement said . "  It also calls for the formation of a technocratic national government , which will work to enhance government transparency , implement economic reforms , in addition to continuing military and security reforms . " The U.N.-brokered deal will end a month of tense protests by Houthis that essentially halted life in the Yemeni capital and resulted in hundreds of people being killed or injured . The death toll over the last week in Sanaa exceeds 150 , a senior Defense Ministry official said . Over the past 24 hours , at least 35 people have been killed , the majority of whom were government troops or Sanaa civilians . The official said at least 900 people were injured over the past week . On Sunday , hours before the sides agreed on the ceasefire , Houthi gunmen seized strategic military positions , including the Defense Ministry in Sanaa . The Interior Ministry ordered troops not to clash with Houthi militants . A senior Interior Ministry official explained that the government wanted no bloodshed , to ensure that the Houthis would sign the deal . Basindwa steps down Prime Minister Mohammed Salem Basindwa gave in to the militants ' demands for changes in the government and resigned Sunday , saying he did so for the best of Yemen . "  I do not want to be an obstacle in front of any ceasefire deal that takes place between President Abdurabu Hadi and Ansarullah  the Houthi political faction  , " said Basindwa in his resignation letter . Senior Houthi leader Zakaria Al Shami told CNN the Houthis stand behind Hadi to continue to lead the nation . "  Ansarullah never called to oust President Hadi and will work with him to ensure Yemen goes forward after the formation of the new government , " said Al Shami . Houthi supporters have been rallying for almost a month , demanding that an approved oil subsidy reform be revoked and that the government step down . Until that happened , they said , they would not remove their tents from Sanaa and surrounding areas . Rebel fighters enter capital As progress in talks with the government slowed last week , Houthis , who follow the Zaidi sect of Islam , called thousands of their fighters to enter Sanaa . Top military commander Ali Mohsen , who led the 2011 uprising against former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , evacuated the 1st Division Brigade after hundreds of Houthi fighters raided the compound in northern Sanaa , backed by heavy artillery . On Friday , dozens of Houthi militants attacked Yemen 's state television headquarters with heavy artillery , burning down two main buildings , in an attempt to take over the premises . The headquarters , located in the northern region of Sanaa , has been one of numerous sites targeted by the fighters , who , as of Sunday , control the majority of districts in north Sanaa . The government cut off all phone and Internet lines nationwide for 12 hours Friday morning , complicating communication between Houthi fighters . Ansarullah spokesman Mohammed Abdulsalam denied the Houthis started the attacks , saying the State TV area was used to launch rocket attacks on Houthi supporters three miles away . "  Hills in the vicinity of the State TV were used by government forces to attack our supporters in Jiraf district and we wanted to ensure that does not happen again , " said Abdulsalam .	Deal calls for a new , more transparent government PM Basindwa resigns , says he does n't want to be obstacle to peace There have been protests , violence in the capital More than 150 people have died in the past seven days , government official tells CNN
New York  CNN  -- The FBI is investigating the theft of $ 1.2 million from Swiss International Airlines Flight 17 , which arrived at New York 's JFK International Airport from Zurich , Switzerland , on Saturday afternoon , a spokesman said Tuesday . The money was in $ 100 bills , J. Peter Donald said , adding it 's still unclear when it was stolen . Flight 17 was a passenger flight with air cargo , including a shipment of currency , according to another FBI spokesman , Jim Margolin . After the plane landed , the shipment of cash was discovered to be $ 1.2 million short . Margolin said investigators have not determined whether the money was taken before the flight left Zurich . He said the cash was missing from a container that the bank uses to transfer currency , which is loaded into a larger cargo container . He said it would take a forklift to lower the currrency container into the larger container , or to remove it . How safe is your carry-on bag ? A law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation said the money was headed to the Federal Reserve . Andrea Priest , a spokeswoman for the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , had no comment . Another law enforcement source told CNN the money belonged to a U.S. bank that was transferring currency from offices in Switzerland to the U.S. . It was a transaction within the bank , but the money was passing through a Federal Reserve facility in New Jersey , according to the source , who said it 's fairly common , when large sums are transferred , even internally , for them to go through a federal facility , where old bills are exchanged for new ones . The shortfall was discovered Monday when the shipment was delivered to the Federal Reserve facility in Rutherford , New Jersey , the source said . The Port Authority is declining comment , according to spokesman Steve Coleman . Robbers breach gate , steal $ 50 million in diamonds at Belgian airport CNN 's Ronni Berke contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI says it would take a forklift to get the cash out of the container it 's shipped in Money arrived at JFK airport from Switzerland in a cargo container on Saturday It 's not clear when it was stolen , FBI says Official says the money was headed for the Federal Reserve
CNN  -- Each February , the world 's mobile technology fanatics wait excitedly to see what will be revealed at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona -- and this year 's event promises to be bigger than ever . As 65,000 people descend on the Fira Gran Via hoping to catch a glimpse of the latest smartphones , boasting everything from quad-core processors to high-definition screens , we 're asking readers what features they want to see on the phones of the future . Will 4G connectivity and crystal-clear smartphone cameras revolutionize your world ? Or are you holding out for holographic screens and handy "  mobile wallet " payments ? To see what 's on the horizon , check out what industry analysts are predicting in "  5 things to watch for at 2013 's biggest mobile-tech show " and take a look at our gallery of some of the more far-out ideas that have been imagined already . From the simplest development to the most mind-blowing innovation , we 'd like to hear what smartphone feature you want now . Tell us in the comment section below , send us a Vine video or comment on Twitter using the hashtag #cnnfuturemobile	The Mobile World Congress starts on 25 February in Barcelona The 65,000 people attending will be hoping to see the brand new smartphones on offer Leave your favorite idea for a new smartphone feature in the comment section below
CNN  -- Joe Cocker , the British blues-rock singer whose raspy voice brought plaintive soul to such hits as "  You Are So Beautiful " and the duet "  Up Where We Belong , " died Monday after a battle with lung cancer . He was 70 . Cocker 's performing career spanned some 50 years , from Woodstock , where he sang the Beatles ' "  With a Little Help From My Friends , " to the digital-music era . He had tour dates scheduled well into 2015 . "  Goodbye and God bless to Joe Cocker from one of his friends peace and love , " tweeted Beatles drummer Ringo Starr . Cocker began as a singer in England at the same time as the Beatles , with whom he was often linked . He played pubs across the country in a series of rock bands before he and his Grease Band recorded "  With a Little Help From My Friends " in 1968 with Jimmy Page , Steve Winwood and others . The song became a No. 1 hit in England and propelled him to Woodstock , where his passionate live version was a festival highlight and launched his U.S. career . Cocker scored another major success in the early 1970s with "  Mad Dogs and Englishmen , " a live album and concert film . "  Up Where We Belong , " his duet with Jennifer Warnes from the movie "  An Officer and a Gentleman , " was Cocker 's biggest U.S. hit , topping the Billboard singles charts in 1982 . It also won him a Grammy , and the Oscar for best original song . Cocker was known for his spasmodic movements on stage , where he often flailed his arms as he sang . His distinctive moves , he said , were almost accidental . "  I never played organ or piano or guitar , so it was more out of frustration and me just trying to impersonate in a way , " Cocker told the Broward-Palm Beach New Times in 2012 . "  I did it subconsciously . People mistook for me being ill , like I had palsy . I 'm not nearly so demonstrative now , but I still have my own way of feeling the rhythm . " Cocker also had lesser hits with covers of torch classic "  Cry Me a River , " Traffic 's "  Feeling Alright , " the Boxtops ' "  The Letter " and the Beatles ' "  She Came in Through the Bathroom Window . " In the 1980s his witty cover of Randy Newman 's "  You Can Leave Your Hat On , " was featured in the erotic drama "  91/2 Weeks " and became a strip-tease anthem . The singer told the Daily Mail in 2013 that by the 1970s his descent into drugs and alcohol had become so severe that he sometimes forgot the lyrics to songs . "  If I 'd been stronger mentally , I could have turned away from temptation , " Cocker said . "  But there was no rehab back in those days . Drugs were readily available , and I dived in head first . And once you get into that downward spiral , it 's hard to pull out of it . It took me years to get straight . " He credited his wife , Pam , with helping him get sober . "  It was Pam who helped me get myself back together , " he said . "  She made me think positively . I was very down on myself . She made me realize people still wanted to hear me sing , and convinced me I could escape the downward spiral . " In 2012 he released the album , "  Hard Knocks . " That year he talked to NPR about the project and his love of his life in Colorado -- despite the harsh winters . "  I embrace the winter these days , " he said in the interview . "  The best thing to do is get a big house . If you are going to have cabin fever , have a big cabin . I walk on a regular basis , I have a couple of dogs . The house tucks right into the mountains . I literally feel I have become a mountain man over these past couple of years . " Musicians of all ages and genres took to Twitter to pay tribute . "  So sad to hear about Joe Cocker . What an entertainer . One of a kind voice . Rock wo n't ever sound the same , " tweeted "  Glee 's " Kevin McHale . People we 've lost in 2014 .	British-born singer Joe Cocker has died after a battle with lung cancer Cocker , 70 , had hits with "  You are So Beautiful " and "  Up Where We Belong " Cocker performed "  With a Little Help From My Friends " at Woodstock
Jason Stevens remembers all too well the feeling of not being sure where he was . He suffered a concussion during the third game of his high school football season last year , and had to sit out for the rest of the season . "  It felt like the entire helmet was just pressing in your head , like your head was expanding , " said Jason , 15 , of Poughkeepsie , New York . Football teams across the country are getting the message : It 's time to tackle concussions . In a landmark move Thursday , thousands of former football players and their families reached a settlement with the National Football League . According to court documents , the NFL will pay $ 765 million to fund medical exams , concussion-related compensation , medical research for retired NFL players and their families , and litigation expenses . It 's an issue for more than the nation 's top football players . There are approximately 1,100,000 teens playing high school football , according to The National Federation of State High School Associations . And in organized youth leagues , there are another 3 million . Concussions result from blows to the head , such as when a player collides with another in a sporting event . "  In a football game , when someone takes a hard hit , the helmet does a pretty good job of protecting the skull from getting a skull fracture , " Dr. Sanjay Gupta , a neurosurgeon and CNN 's chief medical correspondent , told Bleacher Report . "  But what is really happening when someone is running down the field and ... they get hit -- the brain keeps moving inside the skull . " It 's not so much the hit , although that 's important , but the sudden acceleration and deceleration of the brain that causes the concussion , Gupta said . Confusion , nausea , headache and loss of consciousness are some of the immediate symptoms of concussions , but they can also have longer lasting effects . Severe impacts to the head can lead to bleeding or permanent nerve damage . And recent research has shown that repeated hits to the head can lead to a brain disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE . In the 2012 football season , there were two fatalities directly related to football , both in semi-professional football , and both during regularly scheduled games , according to the Annual Survey of Football Injury Research -LSB- PDF -RSB- . "  In 2012 , one of the semi-professional players was hit by a blindsided block on a punt return and the second player was involved in a helmet-to-helmet collision , " the report said . Among high school football athletes , there were nine indirect fatalities -- one from heat stroke , four related to the heart , two from asthma , one from lighting , and one of an unknown cause . None were impact-related , but earlier this month a teen in Georgia died after he broke his neck while making a tackle during a scrimmage game . Over the last 10 years , an average of fewer than three boys a year have died from on-field injuries playing high school football , according to the National Center for Catastrophic Sport Injury Research at the University of North Carolina . More concerning to experts is the repeated hits they 're sustaining on the field . A professional football player receives an estimated 900 to 1,500 blows to the head during a single season , according to the Sports Concussion Institute in Los Angeles . How many is that over a lifetime ? NFL concussion fast facts The NFL has initiated strict sideline concussion rules and cognitive tests , to be administered by trainers and doctors who can not be overruled by coaching staffs . But changes are happening on lower levels as well . The National Federation of State High School Associations Football rules committee approved rule changes earlier this year regarding what should happen when players ' helmets come off of their heads during games . To minimize risks , these rules included an illegal personal contact foul mandate : "  No player or nonplayer shall initiate contact with an opposing player whose helmet has come completely off . " Also , it will be illegal "  for a player whose helmet comes completely off during a down to continue to participate beyond the immediate action in which the player is engaged . " Any player whose helmet comes off during the game is also forced to sit out at least one play . The National Federation of State High School Associations announced earlier this month that it has partnered with USA football to endorse a program that promotes high school football player safety . The program is called Heads Up Football , and it currently involves 32 high schools in eight states . In 2014 , any high school in the country will be able to participate . High school programs that participate each assign a Player Safety Coach , who is trained by USA Football to instruct coaches , parents and players on specific tackling mechanics . The techniques are aimed at reducing helmet contact , concussion recognition and response protocols , and ensure adequate fitting for helmets and shoulder pads . Heads Up Football will incorporate about 4,000 high school student athletes this year , as well as youth football programs that represent nearly 600,000 youth players in all 50 states and Washington . A lot of schools in the Los Angeles area are requiring pre-season cognitive testing for football players , so that if a player gets a concussion , he can be re-tested and the results can be compared to the original screening , said Sidney Jones , athlete trainer and clinical coordinator at the Sports Concussion Institute . Jones conducts education , pre-injury and post-injury testing throughout the Los Angeles area . "  I think as different things are happening -- whether it 's NFL lawsuits , or more media attention on things like concussions -- I think a lot more parents and schools are willing to try to protect their kids a little bit more , and get more education , " she said . Jones has found that many student athletes -- she mainly works with children 18 and under -- do not know the risks of concussions . She educates them about prevention and symptoms . She keeps it basic and does not talk about the long-term risks of concussions that have been getting a lot of attention in research . That 's because , in her view , "  We do n't have the research available to us yet to actually concretely say anything . " Some parents are taking matters into their own hands . Jason 's mother , Erika Stevens , was n't satisfied with the normal training on her son 's team , so she hired a personal trainer to help him avoid concussions in the future . He 's learned how to properly hit , and when to let the play go , over the past couple of months , she said . "  We hope that it makes him a smarter player . " Jason said his team passed out new football helmets this season that are designed to minimize the risk of concussion more than old ones this season . He got one because of his injury last year . Jason suffered attention problems in school for months after his concussion , and sat closer to the front of the class than normal because of eyesight difficulties , his mother said . Training for this season -- his first since the injury -- began August 19 . His mother is nervous about him suffering another concussion , but Jason is not . Still , they 've agreed : "  If he does get another concussion , then football 's done , " Stevens said .	There are approximately 1,100,000 teens playing high school football Confusion , nausea , headache are some of the symptoms of concussions NFL players receive an estimated 900 to 1,500 blows to the head each season High schools are changing the rules and implementing safety programs
CNN  -- Spain 's Nicolas Almagro dashed American qualifier Brian Baker 's hopes of a fairytale ATP title triumph in Nice when he beat him in straight sets in the final Saturday . The third seed successfully defended his title on the French Riviera with a 6-3 6-2 victory in 70 minutes . "  I played my best tennis in two years here , " Almagro told the official ATP Tour website . "  I am very happy with my serve and my forehand . I moved on the court very , very well . " Baker has battled back to top form after a succession of injuries and setbacks over the past six years and came into the tournament as world number 216 . His heroics in Nice where he beat a string of higher seeded players will see his ranking boosted ahead of the French Open where both he and Almagro are in action later this week . Baker matched Almagro to 3-3 in the opening set but he lost the next three games and the second set also proved testing . "  I did n't feel like I played that poorly . I was a little sore and a little tired , but he was definitely the better player , " he said . Almagro feels the 27-year-old Baker has a big future on the ATP Tour . "  He lost the final today , but he is back , he is playing very good . I think if he plays as he did this week , then he will win many , many tournaments . " In other tennis action Saturday , Serbia won the World Team Cup for the second time as Janko Tipsarevic and Victor Troicki gave them a 3-0 victory over the Czech Republic in the final in Dusseldorf . Tipsarevic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 7-6 before Troicki sealed the title with a 6-2 4-6 3-6 defeat of Radek Stepanek . Serbia completed the whitewash in the doubles . On the WTA Tour , 2010 French Open champion Francesca Schiavone claimed the Strasbourg title as she beat Alize Cornet of France in the final . The Italian second seed won 6-4 6-4 to complete her preparations for Roland Garros in fine style .	Nicolas Almagro retains Nice Open title without dropping a set Almagro beats American qualifier Brian Baker in final Serbia win World Team Cup with 3-0 win over Czech Republic Francesca Schiavone wins WTA tournament in Strasbourg
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korean presidential candidate Ahn Cheol-soo announced Friday that he is dropping out of the race , clearing the way for fellow left-leaning hopeful Moon Jae-in to face Park Geun-hye , the candidate for the governing Saenuri Party . Ahn had been working with Moon , of the Democratic United Party , to merge their presidential bids ahead of next month 's election , but the two had failed to reach an agreement . Read more : South Korea 's ruling party taps Park for presidential bid "  I am giving up my presidential candidacy , " South Korean news agency Yonhap quoted Ahn as saying . "  From now on , Moon Jae-in is the single liberal candidate . " The race will determine who will lead South Korea , a key U.S. ally in Asia , for the next five years amid long-running tensions with the unpredictable , nuclear-armed North . The current South Korean president , Lee Myung-bak of the Saenuri Party , is prevented by the constitution from running for another term . Both Park and Moon are expected to pursue a more conciliatory line toward North Korea than Lee , who took an uncompromising approach to dealings with Pyongyang . Read more : South Korean military embarrassed after defector from North knocks on door Popular among conservative voters , Park has said she aims to focus on welfare policies . If elected , she would become the country 's first-ever female president . She is a daughter of former president Park Chung-hee , who stirs mixed feelings among South Koreans . Some claim he was a dictator who stifled opposition ; others credit him with overseeing a key phase of South Korea 's economic development . He was shot and killed by his intelligence chief in 1979 . Ahn , who founded an anti-virus software company , had gained popularity for his criticism of the large South Korean conglomerates , known as "  chaebols . " He has argued that the nation 's economy is dominated by a few rich individuals . He is a professor at South Korea 's prestigious Seoul National University and a former medical doctor . Moon , a close ally of late president Roh Moo-hyun , is a former human-rights lawyer who was jailed in the 1970s by Park 's father . CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	Ahn Cheol-soo had been working with Moon Jae-in to merge their bids "  From now on , Moon Jae-in is the single liberal candidate , " Ahn says Moon will face governing party candidate Park Geun-hye next month
CNN  -- There are few more concrete examples of the longtime rift between Catholics and Protestants in Northern Ireland than the walled city on the River Foyle . Its official name , and the name used by most residents of the UK , is Londonderry . But Irish nationalists and Catholics call it simply Derry . The city was a flashpoint for the violent conflict between unionists and nationalists that swept Ireland from the 1960s through the 1990s . Its Catholic and Protestant children attend segregated schools . Even today it 's not uncommon for road signs pointing motorists to Londonderry to have the "  London " blacked out by graffiti . This weekend , however , Derry-Londonderry plays host to an event its organizers hope can help unite this divided city , at least for a few days . Called Lumiere , it 's a four-day festival expected to attract tens of thousands of spectators to see the city 's historic cathedrals , walls , bridges and squares illuminated by splashes of light . Projects range from LED and neon sculptures to large-scale projections by leading artists and lighting designers from Ireland and beyond . "  It  the city  has been a contested space for a very long time . And we 're going there in the hope that ... maybe people who have n't felt comfortable standing next to each other in the streets will find an opportunity to do that , " said Helen Marriage , co-director of Artichoke , a London-based company that stages large-scale public events across the UK . "  It may be a naive hope , but the hope is that communities who are divided by heritage or tradition or faith will find something new they can all enjoy together . " Marriage knows what she 's talking about . In her eight years at Artichoke , which she co-founded with Nicky Webb , she has orchestrated numerous public , artistic spectacles in London and other cities . Each have drawn throngs of people who packed the streets , faces bright with wonder , to witness their city be transformed if only for a moment into something magical . "  I do n't exaggerate the power of what we do , " Marriage told CNN during her recent appearance at the PopTech conference , an annual gathering of artists , scientists and thought leaders in Camden , Maine . "  But the way people are moved by the work , and the way it makes them feel about their town , is something that 's hard to describe . You can absolutely feel it in the air . " The Sultan 's Elephant In retrospect , the birth of Artichoke 's first project was a minor miracle . In the early 2000s , Marriage and Webb wanted to bring Royal de Luxe , a French street-theater company , to London to mount a spectacle in the streets with enormous marionettes acting out a fanciful story about a young girl and a time-traveling elephant . Marriage had to persuade skeptical city officials to shut down parts of central London and reroute traffic while convincing them the event was n't just a piece of frivolous disruption . "  You can imagine sitting in front of 25 gentlemen in various uniforms and suits , and saying , ` Hey guys , it 's a kind of fairy story , about an elephant and a little girl . And we 'd like to shut the city  down  for four days , ' " she said . "  A lot of them admitted afterwards that they thought we were mad . " This lobbying effort took Marriage five years . "  I used to go to these meetings and say , ` Please , may I do this ? ' And then I realized I was asking the wrong question . If you say to somebody , ` Please may I do this thing that 's a bit unusual , ' you 're placing them in a position where they have to authorize your unusual behavior . And of course their instinct is to say no , " she said . "  So I said , ` This is happening , on these dates . How can you help me ? ' And immediately the response was different . Because nobody was being asked to take responsibility for something they could n't possibly imagine . Nobody ever really said yes . They just stopped saying no . " The event , "  The Sultan 's Elephant , " was a huge success in May 2006 . Londoners , despite anxieties about crowded public spaces after the terrorist bombings that had rocked the city 10 months earlier , turned out in droves . Crime in London plummeted that weekend , and the event -- funded by government arts agencies and private donors -- generated an estimated 28 million pounds to the city 's economy , Marriage said . To her , the emotional impact was even greater . "  People really took it to their hearts , " she said . "  It 's always an incredible moment when the city is returned to the people who live and work there . And they can wander freely as if in a playground , for no better reason than something is happening that they love . The real point of it is to create a moment of magic and wonder in people 's lives . " Plinthers and a Telectroscope Artichoke 's subsequent projects were smaller in scale but no less imaginative . In 2008 , they worked with British artist Paul St. George to unveil the Telectroscope , a fanciful contraption that claimed to link London and New York by means of a transatlantic tunnel and lots of mirrors . Thanks to a fast broadband connection , people in London could peer into the "  tunnel " and see a live feed of New York City , and vice versa . Thousands invested in the illusion that they were peeking through a subterranean scope at the other side of the world . Marriage and her team followed that in 2009 with "  One & Other , " which took over London 's Trafalgar Square for 100 days and nights . The square 's famous monument to Adm. Horatio Nelson is flanked by four smaller plinths , or platforms -- one of which sits empty . So Artichoke turned it into a monument to living Brits by inviting people to be hoisted atop the plinth to do whatever they pleased for one hour . The rules : Only one person would be allowed at a time , they could take up only what they could carry , and they could n't do anything illegal . More than 35,000 applied and the winners -- "  plinthers , " they were called -- were picked randomly by lottery and assigned a time . The event began in July and ran for 2,400 hours , day and night , with a new person occupying the plinth each hour . Many used their 60 minutes for performance art , others for tribute or protest . Some played music . Twelve stripped naked . One man proposed to his girlfriend . "  People used it in incredibly imaginative ways , " Marriage said . "  The summary of all of those hours became the artwork . It was sort of a portrait of a nation at that point in our history . "  We always choose projects where we can insert the project itself into the DNA of the city , " she continued . "  We do n't work in galleries or opera houses or theaters . We work in the streets , using the buildings of the city , the architecture of the city , as the stage . " Cities of light Then came the first Lumiere festival , held in November 2009 in Durham , a small medieval city in northern England . For four dark , wintry nights , Artichoke 's artists transformed its cityscape of castles , stone walls and cobbled streets into gleaming spectacles of light . The festival proved so popular that it was repeated in 2011 and then again earlier this month , when an estimated 175,000 people came to view 22 installations across the city . The success of Lumiere in Durham inspired Marriage to double down this year on the festival in Derry-Londonderry . In planning the event , she and Artichoke were careful to embrace both Irish and English traditions and to include members from Catholic and Protestant communities . "  Many of the works that we have commissioned have been made to reflect on the city 's divided history and the current progress being made towards its shared future , " she said . At its simplest level , Lumiere invites people to come out and enjoy artworks specially designed for each nook and cranny of its historic host cities . Whether the Derry-Londonderry festival , which closes Sunday night , has a more profound , lasting impact remains to be seen . But Marriage is optimistic . Based on her experiences with past Artichoke events , she believes "  the simple act of sharing a newly imagined world leaves a lasting legacy in all those who experience it . "	Helen Marriage is co-director of Artichoke , a creative company that stages big public street events The company 's newest project , a festival of illuminated art , is underway in the UK Festival , called Lumiere , seeks to help unite divided Irish city of Derry-Londonderry Marriage spoke to CNN at PopTech , an annual conference in Camden , Maine
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- Forget the ads , the weather , and all those back-and-forth attacks -- the Republican caucuses in Iowa will come down to thousands of small pieces of paper . While Iowa Democrats famously caucus by literally standing up for their chosen candidate , the Hawkeye State 's GOP holds secret ballot votes . Here 's how the unique process will work : On caucus night , would-be voters will gather in 809 locations across the state -- school gyms , churches and auditoriums of all shapes . To participate , each person must be a registered Republican who will turn 18 by the general election on November 6 . But , in a closely watched twist , voters can switch party affiliation at the caucus and register as Republicans that night . "  From a process standpoint , it 's a nightmare , " said Dallas County Republican chairman Mike Elam , "  but I think it 's a good thing . People can decide they want to be involved up to the very last minute . " Republicans this year hope that ability leads to a surge of registrations from disgruntled Democrats and independents . But the practice also allows potential cross-party sabotage , where members of one party can participate in a rival caucus in order to vote for the candidate they see as the weakest potential opponent . All registrations must be complete by 7 p.m. , when the caucuses begin , in order for people to participate . Inside each caucus , party officials will first conduct some housekeeping , including the approval of the person who will chair the meeting . Then comes the only campaigning allowed . Each candidate may select one person to give a short speech on his or her behalf . Often , these are limited to just two or three minutes apiece . "  It 's hard to get people to speak , " insisted John Bloom , former chairman of the Polk County Republicans . "  I assure you every candidate right now is still out hustling to find speakers for every precinct in Iowa . And in some of the smaller precincts they wo n't get anybody . " After the speeches , it 's time to vote . Now we get into some technical truth . The Iowa Republican caucuses vote in what is actually a nonbinding poll , sometimes called the presidential straw poll . The results do not mandate how convention delegates are divided per se . So why does everyone care so much , you ask ? Good question . There are two answers . For one , the vote measures who 's present at the caucuses . That 's important because in a later business item , caucus-goers determine who will represent them at the party conventions , which will determine the national delegates from Iowa . Thus , the caucus poll is seen as the best indicator of how the state 's delegates ultimately could be divided . The second and simpler , answer : The caucus poll is the first statewide vote in the presidential nomination contest . It is the first test of a wide field of candidates . This brings us to a current complaint about the Iowa caucuses : their track record at picking a nominee . It 's mixed . Several recent Republican winners in Iowa have petered out after the Hawkeye State caucuses , including Mike Huckabee in 2008 , Bob Dole in 1988 , and George H.W. Bush in 1980 .  Though in the case of the elder George Bush , that 1980 Iowa victory put him on course to become Ronald Reagan 's vice-presidential pick and then president himself . Iowans brush off this complaint . "  The Iowa caucuses are n't here to pick the next nominee , " said Mark Lundberg , chairman of the Sioux County Republican Party . "  The Iowa caucuses are here to cull the herd a little bit . " And that culling happens with the caucus vote . Back to that . Caucus-goers select their candidate on simple paper ballots . How this happens varies widely from county by county . In many places , these are blank pieces of paper on which each person writes down a single name and hands it in . In some places there is a list of candidates printed for people to circle or check . At all caucus sites , voters can write in the name of anyone they like . It is not limited to official presidential candidates . That means you could vote for your boss , your sister or even Justin Bieber .  Though a vote for Bieber would be wasted , since he 's Canadian and not old enough to become president . Yet . Next , the votes are collected and counted by hand . Each campaign has the option of sending a monitor to watch the process . Often these are the same folks who spoke on the candidates ' behalf . How long does counting take ? When will we get results ? It depends on the size of the caucus . In smaller precincts , this will take just minutes and results could be ready before the clock strikes 7:30 p.m. . In other places , it may take 90 minutes or more to count and recount the ballots . Finally a point person calls in the results to state Republican headquarters . Candidates react . Speeches ensue . The field of candidates is likely culled . The process overall is on the heavy participation end of the election spectrum . It is heavily decentralized , with county parties retaining strong control over specifics . And it emphasizes passionate community participation . All that requires a lot of planning and an army of volunteers . And Iowans boast about that , almost in dare-like fashion , to the other states salivating in envy at their state 's first-in-the-nation status . "  I have a feeling that if some of those states , like Florida , who wanted an earlier primary , actually tried to do a caucus , that they would be overwhelmed by the amount of work involved , " Cory Adams , chairman of the Story County Republican Party , told CNN . "  They 'd be happy to remain fourth or fifth in line instead . "	On Tuesday night , Iowa Republicans will gather for 809 caucuses across the state They 'll cast paper ballots for their choice for the nomination , and it could be anybody It 's the first actual vote in the march toward the GOP convention "  The Iowa caucuses are here to cull the herd a little bit , " says one county chairman
CNN  -- Mitt , We 've never met but I , too , spent a decade or so in private equity , made some money and moved on to other things while retaining ties to many people in the industry  including some of your former colleagues at Bain Capital  . So , it pains me to see you trying to win despite your private equity background rather than because of it . Although your interview with Piers Morgan was a baby step in the right direction , you still need to stop pussy-footing around about when you did  or did not  leave Bain , or whether you will  or will not  release your tax returns . Be a man and make an honest case for why you should be the first private-equity president ! Here 's what you should say : "  Like most private equity guys , I was a white , male , something-cum-laude , Ivy League-type who spent my early career in management consulting and Harvard Business School before getting into the business , where I quickly made some serious money . "  Unlike my cousin Kleiner and his friends who work in Silicon Valley , I was not a venture capitalist who made my money starting companies or inventing things . Unlike Mayor Mike Bloomberg , I was not an entrepreneur who made my money building a company . Unlike folksy Warren Buffett , I was not a long-term investor who made my money from owning companies . And unlike my younger brother Hedge , I did n't make my money because I was really , really smart .  Hedge was a physics professor before starting his fund and still plays chess at a high level but he 's too weird to be president . "  No , I made most of my money from buying and selling a dozen or so companies with other people 's money ; mostly uninteresting mid-sized companies that nobody particularly wanted ; and I got to keep 20 % of the difference between the purchase and sale price plus any cash I could take out while I owned them . "  And I now recognize that this short-term buying and selling made me about as knowledgeable about business as George Steinbrenner was about playing baseball . I was an expert at telling business people how to do what I 'd never done myself . And to tell you the truth , back when I was in private equity most ` real ' businessmen -- the people running our largest companies and the entrepreneurs starting new businesses -- had about as much respect for money guys like me as Dave Winfield had for George -- close to zero . "  But despite the bashing it has taken in the press , I 'm proud of our private equity system . It plays the vital role of flowing ` risk money ' from large investors , mostly large pension funds and the wealthy , into situations where it can be put to good use . Money that allows companies to pursue activities that , while potentially rewarding , involve taking technology , market and operational risks . "  Our country needs investment to create economic growth , improve living standards and increase productivity . Risk money is particularly important not only because of its direct benefits -- profits for successful companies , new and improved products , employment and knowledge -- but also because it gives individuals and institutions the opportunity to exercise their rights to buy , to sell and to pursue their dreams . "  And only independent organizations like Bain have proven able to get the job done because the other candidates for doing the job -- government , angels , banks -- have proven too stupid , too lazy , too small or too bureaucratic . "  Unfortunately everything worth doing can be overdone and sometimes I went from taking risks that were already there to making risks that were n't . Why ? Because the company I wanted to buy was too boring , too well run , or too expensive to give me a decent chance of making real money unless I increased the level of risk . And this risk , usually excessive borrowing that I forced the company to take on  usually so that I could buy it  was borne by the company and its employees , customers and vendors with occasionally dire consequences . "  I 'm sick to death of making lame excuses -- ` it 's all part of creative destruction , ' ` the market made me do it , ' ` bankruptcy is no big deal , ' ` I 'd already left Bain when it happened ' -- I admit it and , as I told Piers , I felt terrible when a business failed , but risk-making was a small part of what I did . "  While experts disagree about whether I created any lasting value , there is no doubt that I extracted it wherever possible . Private equity guys are always on the lookout for opportunities to extract value from customers  can we charge more for less ?  , from vendors  can we pay them later ?  , from employees  can we outsource to India !  , from sellers  can we partner up in the next auction ?  and from buyers  can we push the accountants harder ?  . "  Extraction probably makes things more efficient , and I got to my keep 20 % of the extract , but it can be a nasty business . "  I worked hard and am pretty talented , but a large part of how I got so rich was just the dumb luck of joining an industry that was an almost perfectly designed money machine during what turned out to be a 20-year bull run . "  The funds are so large  per person  that even mediocre performance supports big paydays as profits are shared by very few people ; the widespread use of borrowed money leads to cycle-driven windfalls even when no value is created over time , and I helped make a lot of other people rich , too , since I created a steady stream of corporate transactions  purchases , sales , mergers , refinancings and restructurings  that generated enormous fees for the bankers , lawyers and consultants for whom private equity is the gift that keeps on giving . "  In private equity , I was surrounded by guys just like me and this can still make it hard for me to relate to regular people . I almost never dealt with women or minorities as true partners . And I 'm still perplexed when people do n't share my passion for money , efficiency and numbers . "  Weirdly , I do n't even feel like I 'm in the top .1 % given that so many of my friends have a lot more money than me .  That 's why I find it so hard to shake my politically suicidal resistance to closing the ` carried interest ' tax loophole that has already allowed me and my friends to pocket billions in tax-advantaged compensation . "  One last thing you probably already know : I was n't very nice . I always acted in my own economic interest , I quantified everything , I thought creatively about what could be done  not what should  , I treated people as means not ends , and I regularly did to others what I would never want done to myself , my friends or my family . You 'll have to ask the secretaries , middle managers , nannies and limo drivers what kind of man I really was or how I compared to the other effortlessly superior hotshots who roamed private equity 's hallowed halls . But I did some things I 'm now ashamed of  the picture with dollars overflowing my pockets  and I still have the habit of saying things I probably should n't - ` let 's make a $ 10,000 bet , ' ' I enjoy firing people ' and ` I 'm not concerned about the very poor . ' "  On the other hand , I left the private equity world a long time ago and have since done some pretty cool and impressive things -- like running the Olympics and being the governor of Massachusetts -- but my time in the industry remains important because I saw first-hand the worst of debt-induced risk making  rather than risk taking  , how the unfettered market tends toward unsustainably large  and morally reprehensible  extremes of wealth and poverty , how globalization offers us both opportunities and threats , and that the perverse incentives in our winner-take-all financial system can lead individually rational people to make collectively insane decisions . But I also know how markets work and that they have no equal as the core organizing principle for our society . "  So as president I will be ideally positioned to do the obvious things that our country needs to get back on track -- like pass the Buffett Tax , close the carried-interest tax loophole , impose a small tax on corporate transactions with the proceeds used to fund oversight of the financial system and limit the tax-deductibility of acquisition-related debt -- without throwing the capitalist baby out with the bathwater . "  And as a rich businessman , I will have the moral authority to increase taxes on the wealthy in our time of national need while ignoring the shrieks of those who , either out of ignorance or malevolent self-interest , will make baseless claims about the adverse effects on jobs and growth . " Mitt , I appreciate that it 's tough in the time of super PACs to say what you really think when there is so much hard-right money for the taking . And I guess you still have the option to Etch A Sketch after the election if you win . But you 're our best hope to be a private equity president  Is Henry Kravis running any time soon ? Steve Schwarzman ? Think about it , you may be our only hope .  and in the last few weeks it has become clear that by pretending to be something that you 're not , you run the risk of going down in flames while tarnishing an industry that 's been good to you . I know you 're a centrist at heart ; please come out of the closet ! Yours Sincerely , John The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John MacIntosh .	Former private equity executive John MacIntosh has advice for Mitt Romney He says Romney should give a full account of the good and bad things he did at Bain Capital Romney should explain why , despite weaknesses , private equity experience was valuable MacIntosh : Romney should commit to eliminate loopholes , raise taxes on wealthy
Shanghai  CNN  -- It 's called "  Shanghai 's 3rd Annual Love and Marriage Expo . " But the atmosphere at this massive gathering for single Chinese men and women was decidedly unromantic . More than 18,000 people preregistered for the weekend event , located rather incongruously in a sprawling shopping complex specializing in home and office furniture . The crowds were met by billboards posting lists of thousands of single men and women -- one list in pink and the other in blue . Within minutes of the doors opening on a rainy Saturday morning , visitors huddled to study the lists and take in vital intel about potential suitors -- age , height , education , annual income and their registered hometown , also known as hukou . Some people took notes , while others snapped photos of single entries with their cellphones . In one hall more than a hundred men and women in their twenties and thirties sat facing each other at tables decorated with red and yellow tablecloths , the soothing tones of a Norah Jones love song spilling out from loudspeakers . "  Welcome everybody to our 8-minute speed-dating event , " announced the master of ceremonies eventually . When the eight minutes was up , each dater was instructed to move on . "  Male guests please move two seats to your left , " boomed the announcer . For some participants , this was the first time they had ever been on a date . "  It 's useful ... it 's just like research , " said Yixin Bai , a 20-year-old man home for the summer holidays from a university in Canada . Bai said he has never had a girlfriend before . This is not uncommon amongst young Chinese , considering many teens are discouraged from having any romantic relationships in high school and told to focus on school work instead . He came to the expo to learn what women want from men . "  After asking them , I now know something : Women do n't like men to rely on their parents , " he said . Bai was participating in a speed-dating event organized by Zhenai Inc. , one of China 's largest Internet match-making websites . The company says it has more than 58 million registered users and is growing by one million users a month . Zhenai 's founder and CEO is a Columbia University-educated former investment banker named Song Li . He says the one-child policy implemented by the Chinese government in 1979 has resulted in young adults having poor social skills -- crucial in the dating game . "  A lot of kids who were born after 1980 , they do n't have siblings . So they grow up in an environment where you do n't have the experience to meet with people of the opposite sex , " Li opined . Many participants said they came to the convention because they needed help . They said they found it difficult to meet potential romantic partners outside their immediate circle of friends and family . And many Chinese approaching their late twenties , especially women , are under immense pressure to get married . "  My mother asks , ` Why are you still single ? Are you a freak ? ' " said Elsie , a 26-year-old woman who was taking part in a speed-dating session . The woman next to her , who asked to be called May and is also 26 , said her father asked the same question . "  Everyone has the same story , " said May laughing . "  I feel free because I 'm single ... but I know this is the time I need to date somebody . I need to get married before thirty . " Both women said they did not want to become shengnu , or the "  leftover women . " "  It is one of the most talked about issues in Chinese society because a lot of educated women are left behind because they set a very high standard for their future husbands ... and they are less willing , unlike their parents ' generation , to compromise , " said Zhenai 's Li . May , who has a good job in human resources at an international firm and speaks fluent English , said this was her first time at a match-making event . She said she had never had a boyfriend before or been in love . "  I have no time to get to know other males at a similar age ... that 's why I ca n't find my Mister Right , " she said . "  I just wish that I have some luck today . " Despite being rejected by two men , May was in good spirits . She said that the two men needed a women who had a registered hukou in Shanghai . For a gathering of thousands of single men and women , it was surprising to note that there was very little flirting going on . People wandered the corridors picking up brochures from match-making companies and stopped in to listen to self-help lectures from "  life coaches , " who were schooling women in how to "  brand " themselves . At times , the Love and Marriage Expo felt like a job fair . Online match-making entrepreneur Li said that was an accurate comparison . Finding a spouse is "  almost like finding a job , " he said . "  People tend to be very pragmatic , " he explained . " -LSB- Being single -RSB- is a problem that you have an obligation to fix . And your parents feel that it is their obligation to see to it -- to get this problem fixed . " Another startling revelation was that there were nearly as many parents at the Love and Marriage Expo as there were single men and women . Some parents stood at the bustling entrance to the convention holding up printed posters advertising the details of their single children . Others walked alongside their adult sons and daughters , inspecting the booths of different match-making agencies . One match-maker told CNN she had to prohibit parents accompanying their children to the speed-dating tables . "  I respect my parents ' opinion , " said May . "  If my parents say this guy is no good , then I wo n't date -LSB- him -RSB- . But if my parents say this one is good , that they are happy with this boy , then I will try . " In some cases , mothers and fathers clearly played a role as social icebreakers for their children . At one point , while wandering the corridors of the convention , May got a phone call . It was her father who was also there . May found him standing next to another father he had just met . The man happened to have a single son who worked in a bank and did not attend the convention . Fortunately he carried a photo -- and a passport -- of his son , which he showed to May . "  His picture looks good . A little bit handsome , " May responded . Then she stood somewhat awkwardly as the man 's father took a photo of her in the crowded corridor . May 's father looked over his counterpart 's shoulder , murmuring advice as the digital image was taken . May seemed pleased and grateful to the two dads . "  They are both trying to help their child find their Mr. Right and Miss Right . "	Thousands of single men and women gather for ` Love and Marriage ' expo in Shanghai Huge lists published with details of suitors -- such as age , height and income Many adults attending event have never had a relationship , parents vet potential partners Millions of Chinese have signed up with Internet dating services
CNN  -- He was a cold , calculating , "  morally depraved " man who spent the last years of his socialite and megaphilanthropist mother 's life bilking her fortune to line his pockets . That 's one way to see Anthony Marshall -- and it 's the only way , according to the prosecutors who secured a conviction against him for grand larceny and scheming to defraud his mother , Brooke Astor . Now as the 85-year-old son prepares to be sentenced Monday for his crimes , another portrait of him has emerged -- thanks to close friends and celebrity acquaintances  including Al Roker and Whoopi Goldberg  who sent letters to the court in hopes of saving him from a lengthy prison sentence . The man prosecutors described during the trial is apparently unrecognizable to many of Marshall 's friends and acquaintances . He was a loyal churchgoing man , a Purple Heart recipient wounded in Iwo Jima during World War II and a son who tried mightily but could never live up to the high ideals of his socialite mother , according to letters friends submitted to the court . And now , they say he is a frail and sickly man who has faced extreme humiliation and would essentially be given a death sentence if a judge hands down the maximum sentence allowed . It will be up to Judge A. Kirke Bartley Jr. to decide how to reconcile the two portraits of Tony Marshall . He faces a minimum 1 to 3 years , or as much as 8 to 25 years in state prison . The drastically differing views have only further heightened interest in the case , which during the trial stage was a tabloid feeding frenzy , fostering headlines such as "  Bad heir day , " "  Mrs. Astor 's disaster " and "  DA 's kick in the Astor . " The witness list was a virtual "  Who 's Who " of New York 's social elite -- including Henry Kissinger , Graydon Carter , Barbara Walters , Vartan Gregorian and Annette de la Renta . During the case , prosecutors and witnesses portrayed Marshall as an only son preying on his physically and mentally ill 101-year-old mother . Assistant District Attorney Joel Seidemann called the case "  disturbing , " and said the trial told the story of "  how a son , an only son , would stoop so low to steal from his own mother in the sunset years of her life in order to line his own pockets and the pockets of his wife . " His only goal , they said , was to selfishly tap her fortune -- money that prosecutors said Astor intended to donate to ordinary New Yorkers who needed help after she died . He was convicted of the most serious charges against him -- first-degree grand larceny and scheming to defraud . One of the most serious convictions involved Marshall giving himself a $ 1 million-a-year raise for handling his mother 's affairs , Seidemann said . During trial testimony , Marshall 's lawyers called no character witnesses to come to his defense . So the new letters from friends are the first attempts by those who know him to share what they believe is his true character . Whoopi Goldberg told a judge in her letter that she met Tony Marshall and his wife Charlene 10 years ago when Goldberg moved into a building on the Upper East Side with Frank Langella . Unlike other residents who turned their nose up at her , Goldberg said she became quick friends with the Marshalls . Her interactions with Tony , she wrote , gave her an insight into his relationship with his mother , and in turn taught her about how fame can affect family dynamics . "  I also understand what it must be like for my own daughter to be around my fame , " she wrote . "  I am not comparing myself to Mrs. Astor , but I 've seen how you can be dismissed as not being good enough , or hip enough , and seeing it happen to Tony made me make sure that it did n't happen to my own daughter . " The humiliation and ugliness of the trial was punishment enough and a prison sentence would be unjust , friends argued in the letters . Marshall 's cardiologist , Kenneth W. Franklin , also wrote to urge the judge to consider his age and health in sentencing . A prison sentence "  will accelerate his deterioration from cardiac and neurologic disease and would result in his premature death due to medical complications , " he wrote . NBC 's Today show weatherman Al Roker came to Marshall 's defense too , having met him at his church 10 years ago . He argued Marshall had suffered enough , paying a price greater than any sentence a judge could hand down -- seeing his son turn on him during the trial and being portrayed in a negative light each day . "  Given his advanced age and deteriorating health , justice may be better served by turning a compassionate eye towards this good son , father and patriot and finding it in your heart not to add ` prisoner ' to Anthony Marshall 's otherwise unblemished resume , " Roker wrote in his letter to the court . Goldberg too , believed "  breaking this man " by putting him in prison , was not the right punishment . "  Please do n't put him in jail , " she writes at the end of her letter . "  It would only amount to an unnecessary cruelty that would serve no real purpose . Has n't Tony been through enough ? " CNN 's Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	Whoopi Goldberg , Al Roker among those asking for a compassionate sentence Tony Marshall convicted of bilking mom Brooke Astor of money before her death He faces a minimum 1 to 3 years , or as much as 8 to 25 years in state prison Friends cite Marshall 's age of 85 , deteriorating health , among reasons for light sentence
CNN  -- The arrest of a Christian man accused of making remarks against the Muslim prophet Mohammed was n't enough to appease an angry mob in Pakistan this weekend . More than 100 homes of Christians were set on fire by outraged Muslims in the Badami Bagh community in Lahore on Saturday after police arrested Sawan Masih , a Christian in his mid-20s accused of speaking against Mohammad , officials said . "  Mob wanted police to hand them over the alleged blasphemer , " said Hafiz Majid , the senior police official in Badami Bagh . The mob also looted some shops run by Christians , he said . Majid said Christians have fled the area for fear of being killed . If convicted , Masih faces the death penalty . He denies the allegations made by the two men who filed the blasphemy complaint against him with police on Friday , Majid said . Masih says the three got into an argument while drinking and that the other two men threatened to publicly accuse him of blasphemy , according to Majid . "  The attack is yet another shameful incident against a vulnerable community and further confirmation of the slide toward extremism in society on the one hand and , on the other hand , the apathy and inaction that has become the norm among the police , " the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan said in a statement . The group accused police of arresting Christians in the incident "  while those who went on a rampage and can easily be identified from television footage have gone scot-free . " Pakistan 's blasphemy laws were first instituted to keep peace between religions . But they have been criticized by human rights advocates who say the laws enable legal discrimination against religious minorities . At time , the laws have been misused to settle personal differences between Muslims and Christians . There have been about 1,400 blasphemy cases since the laws were first enacted in 1986 , according to U.S.-based Human Rights Watch . There are more than 15 cases of people on death row for blasphemy in Pakistan , and more than 50 people have been killed while facing trial for the charge , according to the organization . Last year , a Pakistani court dismissed blasphemy charges against a Christian teenager whose case prompted international outrage . Her detention stirred up religious tensions in the predominantly Muslim country . It also generated fierce criticism of Pakistani authorities and renewed debate over Pakistan 's blasphemy laws . President Asif Ali Zardari issued a statement Saturday on the most recent "  unfortunate incident . " He noted that the country 's constitution protects the rights of all Pakistani 's , and that "  such acts of vandalism against minorities tarnish the image of the country . "	Dozens of Christian homes are set afire by Muslims The mob is outraged over alleged anti-Muslim remarks Sawan Masih has been arrested and charged with blasphemy
CNN  -- Nearly 700 people in a small town within Lagos , Nigeria , will be moved to a relief camp due to heavy flooding that has plagued the region since September , according to a state governor . Babatunde Raji Fashola made the announcement Monday while on a tour of flood-impacted areas . In all , 681 people from the town of Ajegunle will be relocated to camps specially built for relief efforts , he said . The flooding began last month when the Ogun River rose above its banks after the opening of a dam . No casualties have been reported . While speaking to affected residents , Fashola emphasized that the area is in a flood plain and that people must be ready to move . He said that the government alone ca n't solve the problem and they need help from everyone in the area to get through the flooding and limit the damage , asking residents to refrain from using flood-stricken roads . "  We have to wait for this water to subside , " Fashola said . "  Nature will take its course , but what we can do as a people is work together to mitigate the advanced consequences . " The commissioners for Special Duties , Health and Environment will work together with emergency management officials to relocate the displaced residents , Fashola said .	The flooding began last month in the Lagos region Flood victims will be moved to relief camps Official asks residents to help limit the damage while water subsides
CNN  -- Internet shoppers could be one step closer to having to pay sales taxes on online purchases . In a vote on Monday , the U.S. Senate passed the Marketplace Fairness Act , which will require all online retailers to collect sales taxes for the states where they ship goods . The legislation still needs to pass the Republican-controlled House before it can become a law . White House spokesman Jay Carney has said that President Obama supports the bill . Why is there no online sales tax now ? Until now , online shoppers have enjoyed buying items from e-commerce sites mostly sales-tax free . That 's because older laws require stores to collect sales tax only on goods shipped to states where they have a physical presence , such as a distribution center or a physical store . The primary reason for not requiring sales taxes for products sold across state lines is that it was just too complicated . Having to juggle the various sales tax laws and amounts for all 45 states that have sales tax was seen as a burden on businesses . States that collect sales tax often have different rates depending on the type of goods being sold . Alcohol might have a higher sales tax rate while some goods like groceries dental equipment can be tax free . Within a state , cities and counties can charge additional taxes . What 's changed ? The most recent Supreme Court ruling that addressed the issue was in 1992 , when Internet commerce was non-existent and computer software not as advanced . Advocates for the online sales tax argue that current technology makes it possible to simplify and automate the task of collecting sales taxes for various states . Under the Marketplace Fairness Act , state governments that want to collect the tax will have to provide companies with free software for calculating taxes and set up one state entity to receive the payment . Wait , are n't we required to pay sales tax already ? In most states with sales taxes , people who buy goods online  or over the phone or through the mail  from another state are subject to a Use Tax . They are supposed to keep track of everything they purchase and pay sales taxes when they file their tax return . Many consumers either ignore or are not aware of these requirements , and states say it is difficult to enforce . Because people are already technically required to pay for unpaid sales tax , proponents of the bill argue that it is n't a new tax at all but a more efficient way of enforcing existing tax laws . Who wants this tax ? The bill 's supporters include big box retailers like Target , the National Retail Federation , e-commerce powerhouse Amazon , small brick and mortar business , a mix of Republicans and Democrats and President Obama . Proponents say it will level the playing field for online and physical stores . Large retailers like Target have physical stores in most states and are already required to collect sales taxes for online sales . They argue that online-only retailers have an unfair advantage . Until recently , Amazon was firmly against the online sales tax . But as the retailer has grown it 's become interested in expanding its physical operations into more states , paving the way for faster and same-day delivery of goods . Now the company is a big supporter of the law , which will help it stay competitive against other online-only retailers as it moves into more states . Who 's against it ? Online marketplace eBay is leading the charge against the tax , which could impact its many sellers who do more than $ 1 million in out-of-state business annually . In a letter to eBay sellers , CEO John Donahoe suggested the law should exempt any business with fewer than 50 employees or that make less than $ 10 million a year on out-of-state sales . Conservatives and anti-tax activists are also against the law and claim it will hurt online businesses . Smaller businesses that make more than the $ 1 million threshold claim it could still be costly to integrate a new accounting system , even with the proposed simplifications . How much money will this bring in ? There were $ 225.5 billion in online sales in 2012 , according to the U.S. Department of Commerce . States lost out on a combined $ 23 billion in uncollected sales tax revenue , according to estimates from the National Conference of State Legislators . What about states with no sales tax ? Five states currently have no statewide sales tax : Alaska , Delaware , Montana , New Hampshire and Oregon . People who live in a state without sales tax wo n't be charged on goods they have shipped to their home state . However , businesses based in these states will have to collect sales taxes for items shipped to other places where there are sales taxes . How much will I pay ? People in states that do have sales tax will pay the same amount of sales tax as you would buying an item in person at a local store . Sales tax rates are complicated and vary according to the type of product . To find out how much something will cost under this new law , choose a location and tax category on Tax Cloud 's interactive map . It will be possible to avoid sales taxes by buying from small out-of-state retailers making less than $ 1 million a year and not reporting use taxes when you file taxes . When will it go into effect ? You do n't need to start stockpiling goods from your favorite online stores just yet . There are still a few hurdles before states can start collecting sales tax on online purchases . The earliest it could go into effect is October 1 , 2013 . After the vote on Monday , the bill will have to pass the House where it could face more resistance that it did in the Senate . If it does become a law , individual states will still have to meet some requirements before they can compel companies to pay state sales tax . They must simplify their tax processes and creating a single entity for collecting state taxes . Twenty two states have already begun the process as part of the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement , which is a move by states to simplify their tax laws and regulations .	The Senate on Monday approved an online sales tax Currently online retailers do not have to collect sales taxes outside of the states where they are based The Market Place Fairness Act would still need to pass the House before it could become law Online shoppers would have to pay the same sales tax as when buying the item at a store
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took off her diplomatic gloves Thursday , challenging Pakistan to crack down on terrorist havens on its side of the border with Afghanistan . In a joint news conference with Afghan President Hamid Karzai , Clinton -- in unusually forceful language -- laid almost all of the blame for recent terror attacks on Pakistan . The United States , she said , knows the Haqqani terrorist network operates out of havens in Pakistan . "  We intend to push the Pakistanis very hard , " Clinton said , calling it a "  time for clarity . " "  Our message is very clear : We 're going to be fighting , we 're going to be talking , we 're going to be building , " she said . "  And they can either be helping or hindering . But we are not going to stop our efforts to create a strong foundation for an Afghanistan free from interference , violent conflict and one that has a chance to chart its own future . " Clinton headed straight to Pakistan after her stop in Afghanistan , accompanied by CIA Director David Petraeus and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . She is expected to meet with Pakistani officials , including Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar , to stress that transitioning to Afghan security is in the interest of Pakistan , senior officials said . Earlier Thursday , Clinton 's focus was on Afghanistan , where she met with Karzai and other government officials for talks aimed at boosting reconciliation efforts in the nation . The top U.S. diplomat said she was working toward a peaceful Afghanistan . "  No people in the world deserve it more , " she said . Shortly before taking off for Pakistan , Clinton told reporters that the death of Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi , which at that time was not confirmed , would "  add legitimacy and relief to the formation of a new government . " Her visit to Afghanistan followed a stop in Libya , the first by a Cabinet-level American official since the ouster of the longtime strongman . She landed under tight security as forces loyal to the transitional government continued to battle Gadhafi loyalists . Earlier Thursday , Clinton met with representatives of Afghan civil society , including human rights activists who address various issues including education , gender-based violence and youth empowerment . "  These are some of my heroes , " she said as she greeted them at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul . Her visit comes as the nation pursues peace with the Taliban after years of insurgency . The effort suffered a major setback following the killing of Burhanuddin Rabbani , an Afghan political figure and former president who led the peace council . Rabbani was killed at home last month by suicide bombers posing as Taliban peace mediators . Clinton offered condolences to Salahuddin Rabbani , the oldest son of the slain leader , who was part of a roundtable Thursday . "  He tried to do the right thing , " she said . The United States supports Karzai and recognizes the blow to the peace effort since Rabbani 's assassination , the official said . In addition to the reconciliation efforts , Clinton also was to discuss Pakistan 's relations with the nation and the upcoming Afghan transition . Coalition forces are in the process of transferring security control to Afghan forces ahead of a U.S. drawdown set to be completed by the end of 2014 . The 33,000 additional American troops sent last year are scheduled to depart the war-torn country fully by September next year . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : Hillary Clinton arrives in Pakistan after stern words on the need to tackle terror Clinton : We 're going to be fighting , talking and building in Pakistan CIA chief , Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman accompanying her Clinton says she is working toward a peaceful Afghanistan
WIRED  -- Gadget fans may be focused on the CES trade show this week , but there 's something else notable going on today : It 's the iPhone 's fifth birthday . Five years ago today , Apple unveiled the original iPhone to the world . It was n't a tightly kept secret , shrouded in mystery and speculation like more recent Apple announcements , but it was arguably the world 's most anticipated gadget launch . Although its form factor -- a capacitive touchscreen candy bar -- has n't dramatically changed over the years , each iteration of the iPhone has yielded important improvements . Let 's take a look back at how the iPhone revolutionized what we thought a phone could be . The iPhone Is Revealed "  An iPod , a phone , an internet mobile communicator , " Jobs said when preparing to introduce the iPhone in January 2007 . "  An iPod , a phone , an internet mobile communicator ... . These are not three separate devices ! " The original iPhone launched on AT&T with a handful of Apple-created apps . It had a 320 -- 480 resolution , 3.5-inch capacitive touchscreen and 2-megapixel camera , and ran iOS 1.0 . Inside , it featured a 412MHz ARM 11 processor , a proximity sensor , and an accelerometer . Priced at $ 499 and $ 599 for 4GB and 8GB models , the iPhone did n't actually go on sale to eager hordes of consumers  hundreds of whom waited outside Apple Stores  until June 29 . "  As a device , it 's a genre-bender , " former Gadget Lab editor Dylan Tweney said in his review of the landmark device . "  Never before have American consumers had access to a phone that is simultaneously so powerful , so elegant , and that performs so many functions . " iPhone 3G , the App Store and iOS 2.0 Apple 's second generation iPhone debuted in the summer of 2008 . Internally , it was largely identical to its predecessor : same processor , same type of display , same 2.0 megapixel camera , same amount of memory . But the iPhone 3G , as the name implied , now supported 3G network operability , as well as GPS . More importantly , though , the launch of the 3G was accompanied by iOS version 2.0 , which included an industry-altering addition : the App Store . The App Store finally let independent , third-party developers legally create apps for the device with a 70/30 revenue split weighted toward Apple . The App Store has been an incredible success story for Apple and developers alike . It houses more than half-a-million apps , and there 's been more than 18 billion downloads to date . Pretty much every mobile platform has its own app market now , and most are modeled similarly to Apple 's . iPhone 3GS Takes Photography Seriously The iPhone 3GS was primarily an incremental improvement over the 3G , but it included some notable hardware improvements that would continue through later iterations of the phone . First , the 3GS included a camera upgrade : a 3-megapixel , autofocusing camera that shot decent video that could be edited and easily sent to YouTube or other destinations . Photography would become an increasingly important feature for iPhone users . The processor was upgraded to a 600MHz Samsung chip , and the display was upped to 480 -- 320 pixels . The 3GS also added a compass , a tool that would prove incredibly useful in apps like Google Maps . On the software side , the 3GS also added Voice Control , and iOS , now at version 3.0 , finally added a cut/copy/paste functionality to the system . iPhone 4 : Prototype Leak , ` Antennagate ' and Verizon The iPhone 4 stunned the world with its radically redesigned look , which Gizmodo revealed early after getting its hands on a prototype . A 3.5-inch Retina Display put pretty much every other smartphone display to shame : At 960 -- 640 and bearing a 326ppi pixel density , it offered pixels smaller than the human eye could detect . The iPhone 4 was also encased front and back by slim slabs of glass , and ringed by an aluminum rim . The visual conceit was slick , and Apple received kudos for its smart industrial design refresh . Unfortunately , that aluminum rim became the source of a debacle known as "  Antennagate " : Because of the external antenna design of the phone , if users held it a particular way , they would experience a drop in signal strength . The iPhone 4 debuted in June 2010 , still on AT&T like its predecessors , but in January 2011 , Apple expanded availability to Verizon . iPhone 4S Delivers Siri Expecting an entirely differently designed iPhone 5 , some Apple fans were disappointed by the announcement of merely an "  iPhone 4S . " However , pre-sale numbers and opening weekend sales numbers proved the 4S to be the most successful iPhone launch in Apple 's history . A major reason for the success of the 4S was its new voice-controlled virtual assistant , Siri . Hackers attempting to port Siri to other iOS devices have almost succeeded , but the solution just is n't available for the masses . Others though , are more interested in hacking Siri to control other gadgets in their lives like thermostats or a rotary dial phone . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	The original iPhone launched on AT&T with a handful of Apple-created apps Apple 's second generation iPhone debuted in the summer of 2008 The iPhone 3GS was primarily an incremental improvement over the 3G
Washington  CNN  -- The National Park Service said Saturday that the National Christmas Tree located just south of the White House has died due to complications from "  transplant shock . " The Park Service removed the Colorado blue spruce from the White House grounds early Saturday . The tree had replaced another which was damaged in a wind storm early last year . The Park Service said it always has a replacement tree lined up to make sure one is in place for the annual National Christmas Tree Lighting event held each December . The new tree is also a Colorado spruce but wo n't be planted until late October .	The tree dies of transplant shock A new tree will be planted on White House grounds in October
CNN  -- It 's easy to understand why travelers venture to some of the world 's largest cities . They are often packed with gorgeous architecture , delicious food , fabulous art institutions , endless shopping and unparalleled entertainment and nightlife . Yet there are potential downsides to a high density of culture . Bustling metropolises usually attract massive crowds , frustrating traffic and deafening noise . For those looking for some respite , book a room in hotels sequestered away in quieter quadrants of these respective cities . Take two-year-old Hotel da Estrela in Lisbon 's Campo de Ourique neighborhood . While most hotels and B&B s in Portugal 's capital are concentrated in buzzier Chiado , Rossio and Bairro Alto , Hotel da Estrela 's less-central address offers quiet nights and crowd-free streets -- and the city 's best restaurants , lounges and shopping are just a 10-minute taxi ride away . If places like this are still too close for comfort , opt to inch even farther out of the center at an accommodation situated in the outlying areas of a city . If you decide to book one of the grand resorts in Marrakech 's Palmeraies region , you wo n't be within walking distance of the city 's major tourist points , but you might not want to be : The Palmeraies house some of Marrakech 's most over-the-top resorts , including Palais Namaskar . The hotel does n't skimp on luxury amenities -- with two palaces and a private jet -- so even though it is off the beaten path , it still has everything . Shangri-La Hotel , Paris Staying in one of the City of Light 's most-popular arrondissements -- any of the first five , for instance -- will prove to be a crowded proposition . Go for Shangri-La 's original European outpost , hidden in the westernmost reaches of Paris in the 16th Arrondissement , where your sidewalk companions are Herms-toting locals , not fanny-packed tourists . This leafy residential neighborhood is the perfect setting for Shangri-La 's opulence , which becomes obvious as soon as you see its grand , historical building , previously home to Roland Bonaparte , Napoleon 's grandnephew . The interior is like a modernized palace , complete with an impressive art collection , atmospheric library , marble furnishings and Michelin-starred dining venues . Rooms , from $ 865 ; 10 Avenue d'Ina ; 33-1/53 -67 -19 -98 ; shangri-la . com . Departures : World 's top walking cities The Siam , Bangkok In Bangkok , seek solace from buzzing markets and traffic-jammed streets at the months-old Siam . It is the only hotel in the Dusit district , which is surrounded by temples and palaces and is located on the northern bank of the Chao Praya River , near the Krungthonburi Bridge . Plus , all 39 rooms here , including 10 villas with private pools  the Siam is the only retreat in the Thai capital to offer such luxury  , are spread over three acres of private gardens . If you crave total anonymity , look no further . Even the chemical-free Opium Spa by Sodashi caters to the mega-recluse : The nearly 11,000-square-foot spa has just five treatment suites , each with its own steam shower and pneumatic bed . Rooms , from $ 530 ; 3/2 Thanon Khao , Vachirapayabal ; 66-0/2206 -6999 ; thesiamhotel.com . Sumahan on the Water , Istanbul For a city that straddles two continents , it 's almost unfair that in Istanbul nearly everything a traveler is encouraged to see is on the European side of town . This is exactly why you should opt to stay on the Asian half at the stylish , 20-room Sumahan on the Water  a former raki factory  . While it may not offer lightning-quick access to the Hagia Sophia , it does feature stunning , uncluttered views of the Bosphorus Strait without the tourist din that haunts more central neighborhoods like Taksim or Beyoglu . Sumahan 's perch on the water -- minutes away from authentic fish restaurants and produce markets -- and sleek , no-fuss decor make total relaxation easy . For hardcore sightseeing , Sumahan 's reliable and complimentary private boat service travels to Europe in as little as 15 minutes . Rooms , from $ 250 ; Kulel Caddesi No 51 ; 90-216/422 -8000 ; sumahan.com . Departures : Undiscovered ski locations Hotel Americano , New York City Located in art-heavy West Chelsea , Hotel Americano -- the first U.S. property from Mexican hospitality giant Grupo Habita -- and its area attract gallery-hopping New Yorkers and international jet-set types . As far as location goes , it remains within walking distance of some of the hottest restaurants and bars in the Meatpacking District . Designed by Mexico City -- based architect Enrique Norten , the ten-story , mesh-wrapped boutique hotel has 56 simple yet striking rooms  some suites come equipped with gas fireplaces  , a rooftop pool that is transformed into a hot tub when temperatures drop and a terrace eatery that serves Greek fare in the summer and Argentinean dishes in the winter . Rooms , from $ 265 ; 518 W. 27th St. ; 212-525-0000 ; hotel-americano . com . Hotel da Estrela , Lisbon , Portugal Though not as popular as other major European destinations , Lisbon is no sleepy town . Because of its highly regarded hostels , relatively lower prices and mild year-round climate , it attracts students and budget travelers . They generally crowd the downtown neighborhoods , including Bairro Alto , Lisbon 's loud nightlife center . Make a beeline for two-year-old Hotel da Estrela in Campo de Ourique , a central neighborhood whose most interesting points of reference are mom-and-pop shops , relaxing parks and 18th-century churches . When weather permits , try the hotel 's quaint dining program  an extension of the popular basement-level Cantina de Estrela  on the adjacent lawn . Instead of reserving a table , sign up for an outdoor picnic towel and lunch on the grass . Rooms , from $ 155 ; Rua Saraiva de Carvalho 35 ; 35-1/21 -190 -0100 ; hoteldaestrela.com . Departures : Perfect New York City hotel rooms Hotel Santa Teresa , Rio de Janeiro With a population that exceeds six million and growing tourism , Rio de Janeiro is one of the most energetic cities on the globe . Mountains , the ocean and undeniable South American passion have won Rio many fans . When most of them unpack in Copacabana or Ipanema , head to the mountaintop Santa Teresa neighborhood , where traffic jams and high-rises give way to red-tiled homes , cobblestone streets and trees . At the 40-room Hotel Santa Teresa , situated in a preserved colonial building in the middle of 43,000 square feet of gorgeously landscaped greenery , chic , tropical-inspired design awaits via burned-cement floors , tropical woods , black-and-gold limestone slate and Portuguese tiles , as well as art from all regions of the country . Rooms , from $ 470 ; Rua Almirante Alexandrino 660 ; 55-21/3380 -0200 ; santa-teresa-hotel . com . Palais Namaskar , Marrakech The challenge of a stay in Morocco 's newest gem  part of the Oetker Collection  is that it may prevent you from venturing out to explore . Its location in the Palmeraies , at the foot of the Atlas Mountains , means you are a drive away from the town square of Djemaa El-Fna and its snake charmers , the Koutoubia Mosque and thumping nightclubs like Ibiza import Pacha . But do not be ashamed to laze around the grounds and be spoiled by nearly 540,000 square feet of scented and masterfully manicured Balinese-inspired gardens , cascading waterfalls and tranquil lakes . There are casual dining options here , but Le Namaskar restaurant is a culinary masterpiece that overlooks the main pool . Rooms , from $ 755 ; Route de Bab Atlas , No. 88/69 ; 212-5/24 -29 -98 -00 ; palaisnamaskar.com . Departures : See more tucked-away city hotels .  2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The former home of Napoleon Bonaparte 's grandnephew in Paris is now an elegant hotel Mexico City -- based architect Enrique Norten designed Hotel Americano in New York City Stay on the Asian side of Istanbul for an elegant stay and stunning views of the Bosphorus Strait
London , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and his Conservative rival David Cameron both offered to form an alliance with the minority Liberal Democrats Friday as they jostled for power after an election that failed to create an outright winner . The center-right Conservatives won more seats than Brown 's Labour party in Thursday 's fiercely-contested vote but lacked the majority needed to form an effective government -- a rare outcome in British politics . Cameron emphasized areas where his party and the Liberal Democrats agreed , including education reform and scrapping plans for national ID cards , while drawing red lines on defense and the economy . He was much vaguer on the Liberal Democrats ' greatest ambition -- electoral reform -- that would probably give them more seats in parliament . Cameron said : "  The best thing for Britain now is a new government that works together in that national interest , " adding that the country needed "  a strong , stable government that lasts . " Brown said Friday he would be willing to negotiate with any party leader , but said that Cameron and Liberal leader Nick Clegg were "  entitled to take as much time as they feel necessary " to forge a coalition . "  Should the discussions between Mr. Cameron and Mr. Clegg come to nothing then I would of course be prepared to discuss with Mr. Clegg the areas where there may be some measure of agreement between our two parties , " he said . What happens next ? Aware of the uncertainty in the UK financial markets about the outcome of the election and how any future government will tackle the country 's budget deficit , both Brown and Cameron pledged to work in the "  national interest . " iReport : Is voting a duty ? Clegg indicated he would be willing to talk first to the Conservatives . "  We 're in a fluid political situation , " he said . "  It 's vital that all political parties , all political leaders act in the national interest and not out of narrow party political advantage . " Full election coverage Official returns Friday showed it would be impossible for any one party to get a majority of seats . The Conservative party came in first , with at least 306 seats in the 650-seat parliament , followed by Brown 's Labour party with at least 258 . The Liberal Democrats came third , with at least 57 . About two dozen seats went to smaller parties . One seat will not be decided until May 27 , after the election was delayed due to the death of a candidate . It 's very unusual for no party to get an absolute majority of seats in the Commons . The last time it happened , in 1974 , voters were back at the polls within months . Hung parliament casts shadow over markets Several high-profile incumbents lost their seats overnight , including former Home Secretary Jacqui Smith , of Labour ; and Liberal Democrat Lembit Opik , who had been in parliament for 13 years . All had been implicated in last year 's parliamentary expenses scandal . Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson , who has faced questions over land deals and a scandal involving his wife , also lost his seat . The loss of Robinson , head of the Democratic Unionist party , robs the Conservatives of a potential coalition supporter . The Green Party , which favors environmental and social justice policies , gained its first member of parliament when Caroline Lucas was elected in Brighton , in southern England . There were some scenes of voter anger across the country over long lines to cast ballots or polling stations running out of ballot papers , but it was not immediately clear how widespread problems were . Anger at polling stations "  We will be doing a serious and thorough review of this and making recommendations to parliament and the government , " Electoral Commission Chairwoman Jenny Watson said . The United Kingdom 's system of voting is "  Victorian , antiquated , left over from an era when less people had to vote " and not designed to cope with mass participation , she said , adding that the system is now "  at breaking point . " Liberal Democrat leader Clegg expressed his anger after hundreds of voters were turned away from a polling station in his Sheffield constituency . Clegg said Friday he was disappointed that an exuberant election campaign buoyed by his stellar performance in the country 's first-ever televised prime ministerial debates had failed to deliver hoped-for results . "  Many many people during the election campaign were excited about the prospect of doing something different , but it seems when they came to vote , many of them decided to stick with what they know , " he said . The Liberal Democrats ' principal policy aim is reform to the electoral system which is currently weighted in favor of Labour and the Conservatives . Under the system , the candidate who receives the most votes in a constituency wins . The system , known as "  first past the post , " is praised for its simplicity and the strong ties it forms between voters and representatives , but critics dislike its failure to provide proportional representation . CNN 's Melissa Gray , Richard Greene and Paul Armstrong in London contributed to this report .	No party wins clear majority in British elections , resulting in hung parliament Leader of Conservative Party David Cameron indicates he could work with Lib Dems Brown : "  My duty is to play my part in Britain having a strong , stable and principled government " Liberal Democrat leader says he will talk first with Conservatives about possible alliance
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Misha Di Bono zips around town in her Infiniti sport-utility vehicle , breezy and unconcerned about the price of gas . Misha Di Bono says people used to make fun of her rolling billboard . She gets $ 500 a month and free gas . That 's because she gets $ 500 a month -- plus free gas -- for turning her car into a rolling billboard for Jobing.com , the online recruiting company she works for . "  People used to tease me about the ` Jobing ' mobile , and now they 're like , ` Oh , we 'll get Misha to drive , ' " she said , standing next to her decal-covered car . Jobing.com might be the most extreme example of how companies are helping employees during the current gas crunch . But with gas averaging more than $ 4 a gallon , more and more companies are trying to figure out incentives to help ease the pain at the pump for their employees . Watch a rolling billboard for your company " "  There 's no question companies are feeling the pinch , " said John Challenger , the chief executive officer of global outplacement company Challenger , Gray and Christmas . "  It 's an important issue because no company wants to lose its people . " His firm recently surveyed about 100 human resources executives at white-collar and blue-collar companies . The survey found that 57 percent of the companies offer programs to help ease commutes . The most popular option was reducing the work week from five eight-hour days to four 10-hour days . Twenty-three percent of the companies polled have such an option , Challenger said . Calculator : How much do you need to work to pay your gas ? " "  We 're at a watershed time of how people go to work , " he said . "  Maybe the gas crisis will be the real trigger . " Other incentives : Twenty percent of the companies offer carpools , and 18 percent pay for the cost of public transportation . Only 14 percent of the companies offer telecommuting options , the poll found . The survey reports that companies had seen a recent jump in carpooling of 43 percent and a 23 percent increase in the use of public transportation . Still , 31 percent of the companies saw no increase in their employees ' commuting behaviors . See gas prices around the country " Some of the companies have had the incentives for years , but it 's taken the soaring gas prices for employees to look more closely at the programs . "  It 's something that is much more important than two years ago , " Challenger said . "  It 's hard to get away from , because you 're constantly going back to the gas station . " He added , "  It 's hitting people 's radar screens now . " One company offering generous commuting benefits is online giant Yahoo , which rewards employees who organize carpools , ride bikes to work and take company shuttles to and from offices . Yahoo rewards these green-conscious commuters with free movie tickets , lunches , massages and other benefits . iReport : How is your company helping you The company recently hired an "  employee transportation coordinator " to help devise even more incentives . "  We 've really been listening to our employees to make sure we help them find ways to make the cost of the commute a little less excessive , " said Barbary Brunner , a Yahoo vice president . But it is the Jobing.com vehicle that is most eye-popping . Company spokesman Joe Cockrell says the company started the rolling billboard cars in 2001 , but only three executives took part in it . But now , 60 percent of its 270 employees nationwide drive the cars . Watch a shift from marketing ploy to employee benefit " "  This year , for the first time , we 've had a long waiting list for our wrap , " Cockrell says . "  It 's basically a huge sticker that goes on your car and should last in theory about three to four years . " It costs the company about $ 3,000 to $ 4,000 to turn the cars into rolling billboards . They do have rules : The car ca n't be older than three years , and employees must take a driving safety course and have clean driving records . Once the cars are wrapped , employees should n't flip the bird at other drivers . The company did have to "  unwrap " one employee 's car because he got too many speeding tickets . Cockrell says the program has proved to be a huge win-win . "  These are mobile billboards , and wherever our employees go , so does that billboard . " Di Bono , who works in community relations , says she loves it , too . She says the cost of filling her tank has doubled in recent years . Now , her company pays her to drive her car . "  They pay for everything , " she said . "  They pay for me to go to all my appointments and anything I want to do on my own time . " She added , "  You 'd be a fool not to take advantage of it . " Although many people across the nation are seeking help from their offices , an iReporter in West Virginia recently stopped using his company car and began using his old clunker again . Maurice Alouf 's company paid for his V-8 Chrysler sedan , but he says it guzzled gas on his 80-mile round-trip commute . The company did n't offer a gas allowance , and it was costing him more than $ 60 a week to fill up . So he dusted off his 50-mile-per-gallon Geo Metro . "  It 's not fun , " he said . "  I 'd like to keep driving -LSB- the Chrysler -RSB- , but I ca n't . "	Woman gets paid $ 500 extra a month , plus free gas , for turning car into billboard "  People used to tease me , " says Misha Di Bono Survey finds companies are looking at ways to help ease commuting costs CEO : "  We 're at a watershed time of how people go to work "
Health.com  -- Curled up on a couch in New York City , clad in a white tank top and black track pants , Janet Jackson is ready to get personal . After nearly four decades in the spotlight -- from her debut on the classic TV sitcom "  Good Times " to musical mega-stardom to roles in such acclaimed films as the new Tyler Perry drama , "  For Colored Girls " -- the youngest Jackson sibling , 44 , is feeling more comfortable than ever in her own skin . Here , the sweet , soft-spoken legend -- who released a CD of her number-one hits , "  Icon , " in August and has a book coming out next month -- gets real about the pressures in Hollywood , working out , and what makes her happy now . Q : We 're really excited about your upcoming book , "  True You , " which covers self-esteem and healthy living . Why did you go that route instead of writing a straight-up autobiography ? I guess I 'm not finished with all that I want to do in life . You can write an autobiography at any point , and I 'm not ready to yet . But in "  True You " I tell a lot of stories about my life . I wanted to help people understand the things I 've gone through to bring me where I am today , so they understand that journey of the weight loss , the weight gain , the self-esteem issues . I wanted to touch people and bring out the true you within yourself . Health.com : How do you find your feel great weight ? Q : It seems like you 're opening up more than ever to your fans . I want to paint a little picture for them . I want kids to pick -LSB- the book -RSB- up and say , "  OK , I can relate to this . I understand it . " I want it to be helpful because I know how I was as a kid , and what I needed and did n't get . It was n't available to me . Q : People in the business started criticizing your body when you were just a kid , which must have been so difficult . Yeah , it was hard from a very early age . My first true experience with it was when I did "  Good Times , " and they used to bind my chest because I was developing breasts at a young age . I got the part when I was 10 years old and started shooting when I was 11 . I was a very quiet kid . A really sweet kid I might add . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- I never said no . I said , "  OK , that 's fine if that 's what you want to do . " I would always cave in -- still as an adult I continued to -LSB- cave in -RSB- . I never told anybody that for so long . Not until I became an adult did anyone ever know . Q : That 's a heavy thing to carry around . Yeah , and it immediately makes you think , "  The way I am is n't good enough . " That 's the message that it sent to me : "  The way you look now is n't right . " And also on that show they thought I was too heavy and that I needed to lose weight . When I look back at the show , I was your average-size kid . Health.com : Brooke Shields on beauty , marriage , and self-esteem Q : Would those comments make you mad ? It would make me sad . It would n't make me mad . It would hurt . Q : Considering all that you 've been through , what message would you like to send to young women ? It starts with knowing who you are and loving yourself , not looking at this person and that person and saying , "  They look perfect , and they 're a lot thinner than me . " Every body type is different -- that 's what makes you unique . What makes you special is you , and you are different from the next person . And that really begins at home . Peer pressure is very tough . I have a niece who comes home from elementary school , and she 's like , "  I 've got to go work out ! " And I 'm thinking , Are you serious ? She 's doing push-ups and sit-ups , and it 's crazy . So be a kid as long as you can . Q : Do you like working out ? I hate it . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- I love my trainer , Tony , but we fight all the time . You know how some people like boot camp , where someone 's yelling at you ? That 's the biggest way to turn me off . That will make me say , "  You know what ? I 'm not doing this . " But Tony is so sweet . He knows I love sports and games , so that 's how he gets me . We 'll do obstacle courses . He said recently , "  You 've got to lift . " But right now , I just want to run and do ab work . So I 'll run for maybe an hour . Health.com : Get the body you crave with celeb-inspired workouts Q : What do you do to pass time on the treadmill ? Listen to music . For a good run , I 'll listen to old , funky stuff like Roger Troutman or Sly and the Family Stone -- something that makes me want to move . Or I 'll watch the History Channel or old , classic films . Q : I was hoping you 'd say you watch "  Jersey Shore . " No . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- I 've seen it a couple of times . Q : When it comes to your diet , are you still vegan ? I was , but my trainer is constantly in my ear about not getting enough protein , so I started eating fish . When we were growing up , all of us kids were vegetarians . No one had asked me to stop eating meat -- I just noticed everyone else around me had stopped , so I followed the crew . And we were doing things like getting colonics , which was really progressive back then , being 11 years old . Health.com : Colonics : are they a waste of time ? Q : You got a colonic at 11 ? Yeah , once a month my mother would drive us to downtown L.A. . That played a big part in my life and career , because I learned at a very young age what discipline truly meant , to be able to pass up the French fries and the piece of candy . Q : Are there any diets you regret in retrospect ? Something crazy ? Yes , creating my own diet . It worked , but I would n't advise it for anyone . It was during the Rhythm Nation tour , and I had shot all the videos except for one , Love Will Never Do  Without You  . I actually wanted to wear a dress , because I was so covered up from head to toe . And then -LSB- director -RSB- Herb -LSB- Ritts -RSB- said , "  Why do n't you wear jeans and show your midriff ? " And I said , "  OK , I 'm down for that . " And I decided to have an apple and one small bag of tortilla chips a day . That 's all I ate . This is awful ... this is not the thing to do . I did that for maybe a week-and-a-half , two weeks . Plus , I was riding the bike every day . I do n't care what hour I 'd get back at night -- it may have been one in the morning , and I would be on that bike for an hour . And I lost a lot of weight . But I gained it back and more after that . Health.com : How crash diets harm your health Q : Do you have a favorite part of your body ? The small of my back , because it 's the part I ca n't see . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- I see everything else every day . No , I like the shape of it . Q : Is there a celebrity whose body you think is gorgeous ? Naomi Campbell 's . It 's beautiful . I 've always said if I could have one person 's legs , they would be Naomi 's . They 're beautiful and long . Q : Why do you think people are so obsessed with who 's thin and fat in Hollywood ? It 's one thing to be fitness-obsessed in a positive way , but it 's become too negative . I 've seen photographs of people in bikinis , circled where they have cellulite . But it 's like , look , we 're all human . Some of the thinnest models have cellulite , it 's genetic . I think it 's mean-spirited . People tend to put entertainers on pedestals . We 're human beings , just like you . You may see us smiling , and whether we have money or not , we still have bills to pay , we still have our stresses . I think a lot of people want to focus on others ' shortcomings to make themselves feel better . And it 's a very sad thing . Health.com : Fight cellulite fast with yoga Q : What makes you happy ? The beach really calms and relaxes me . That 's why I 'm always running to an island if I can . I love to travel ! Another very important thing is your support team -- who you surround yourself with , whether it 's at work or at home . Q : If you had to choose between acting and singing , which would you pick ? That would be hard . Singing will always be a part of my life . But I have more of a passion for acting than I do singing , because singing comes so much easier to me . Acting is more of a challenge . I always say to people , "  I 'm really in the wrong business because I do n't like being in front of huge crowds , and I do n't like it when a lot of people are looking at me . " Q : Seriously ? It really is the truth . But when I 'm on stage , I 'm constantly moving . In a film you 're completely naked . Music can be that way , too , if you allow it to be when you write . And I think I 've allowed myself to be vulnerable several times with my music . But acting is a challenge for me , and I love that . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Jackson released "  Icon , " a CD of her No. 1 hits , in August "  I 've always said if I could have one person 's legs , they would be Naomi 's , " she said Jackson also has a book coming out next month
CNN  -- Tension is mounting between North and South Korea as artillery shells fly across the border . But in Guangzhou , China relations between the two nations are far more civilized . Hours after North Korea 's attack on the Yeonpyeong Island , a part of the South , their athletes were sharing a podium at the Asian Games . After receiving their medals in the women 's individual archery event , gold medallist Yun Ok-hee , from South Korea , stood next to North Korea 's bronze medallist Kwon Un Sil . China 's Cheng Ming took the silver medal . Korean tension There was a conspicuous lack of tension as the pair stood side-by-side , received their medals and then shook hands . South Korea 's Yun declined to comment on the situation between the two countries when she was asked for a reaction at a news conference after the ceremony . But later on she did explain to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency that she and her rival Kwon "  have always been on good terms . "	Archery medallists from North and South Korea share a podium at Asian Games Yun Ok-hee from South Korea and North Korea 's Kwon Un Sil shake hands after ceremony
CNN  -- Stringent restrictions remain in place Monday on about 100 soldiers at a large military base in Washington state after the theft of "  sensitive " and valuable "  military-grade " equipment . Members of the Army Criminal Investigation Command are at Joint Base Lewis-McChord trying to find out who is responsible for the missing items , said Maj. Chris Ophardt , a spokesman for the U.S. Army 's I Corps that is headquartered at the base and includes the affected unit . "  Hundreds of items " are missing from a vault that is inside a building on the base , the spokesman said . They include things such as scopes and night-vision goggles but no guns or ammunition . "  There are no weapons , and there 's no danger to the public , " Ophardt said . After learning of the thefts , the Army decided on Wednesday to put members of the Army 's 4th Brigade , 2nd Infantry Division on lockdown , preventing soldiers from making phone calls or leaving the unit 's barracks or unit office . The unit has been home from Iraq since September 2010 . These measures were relaxed somewhat on Saturday , with some supervised visits allowed on a case-by-case basis to deal with personal issues and permission granted to eat at the base 's dining facility . Division members , who live either on or off the base , still must sleep at the barracks . There is no timetable as to when all the restrictions will be lifted , Ophardt said , adding that decision will depend on the investigation . "  This will  go on as long as we can gain information about the person or persons involved in the theft , " said Ophardt , noting no timetable has been set for when the restrictions will be lifted . "  This is being taken seriously , so  the military  can get back the equipment that taxpayers paid for . " Military officials did their monthly inventory of the vault in December . They then did another after the holiday vacation and determined that "  large amounts " of items were missing -- "  immediately " precipitating the lockdown , said Ophardt . A $ 10,000 reward has been offered by the Army in the case . He explained that every unit has its own vault , which in this case has two locks -- one on the vault , and another on the door to an abutting office . It has not been determined whether the missing items were stored properly or if someone was able to get into a properly locked vault and made off with the equipment . "  There are a zillion possibilities , " Ophardt said of what might have happened . The missing items could all "  be bought on the civilian market , just one or two generations older , " the spokesman said . He added that they have limited use to the public , given the challenges in knowing how to use them and having the right kind of weapon to attach them to . The restrictions on the soldiers affect only a fraction of those at the expansive Joint Base Lewis-McChord , as none of the other roughly 50,000 people on the grounds about 13 miles southwest of Tacoma are directly affected .	Stringent restrictions are in place on soldiers at base in Washington state Rules follow the discovery that valuable , "  sensitive " items are missing from a vault The items include things such as scopes , but no weapons or ammunition A $ 10,000 reward has been offered for information on the case
Surabaya , Indonesia  CNN  They seemed strong and resilient , hiding their grief and fatigue with smiles , and even a laugh or two . "  They are tough parents , " said our local producer , Jamal . But they are just one of 162 families going through the darkest of days . Haidar Fauzi and his wife , Rohana , learned Friday they had lost their daughter , Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi , in the crash of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 Dec. 28 . Nisa , as she is known affectionately by her family , had worked as an AirAsia flight attendant for the past couple of years . Her father says she was living her dream . "  She loved this , her dream , she loved traveling . To become flight attendant she could travel for free , " Haidar says . Nisa 's adventurous spirit , her mother says , took her hundreds of miles away from the family home in Sumatra . Still , Rohana says , Nisa called her every day -- including the night before she boarded the fateful flight . Nisa always told her mother when and where she was flying . But that night , for some reason , she did n't . "  We were on our way to a wedding ceremony , " Haidar says . "  My relatives called me and they asked , ` Where did Nisa fly ? ' I said , ` Why are you asking that question ? ' " In their hotel room in Surabaya , her mother and father 's eyes light up as they look at dozens of pictures Nisa posted to her Instagram account . They are proud of their daughter and her ambitions , Haidar and Rohanna say , saying she just wanted to please her family . "  She 's an obedient daughter . She is always tidy . She loves to learn . Lots of her friends love her , " Haidar says . "  Same as her dad , " her mother adds . Nisa 's two older brothers , Dayat and Ikhsan , look on . Cousins Didi and Echy are not far away . We also catch a glimpse of Nisa 's boyfriend , Divo , quiet and looking forlorn . A recent picture Nisa posted was a note to him that read , "  I Love You , From 38,000 Feet . " But even in the face of such loss , the family 's strength shines through . Nisa 's father says her brother had wanted to follow in her footsteps and travel the world . If he still wants to fly , Haidar says , he will support that decision . Our interview is suddenly cut short by a phone call . Seven days of waiting have come to an end . "  We need to go now , " their caregiver from AirAsia says . We squeeze into the elevator with the family . Echy holds Rohana 's hand tight , while Haidar stares ahead silently . Minutes later they are in a taxi , speeding toward the police hospital . A short time later , the family stands at attention as casket No. 4 is carried out of the police hospital . No longer just a number , but their daughter . Their Nisa . She was still wearing her AirAsia uniform when she was found . After a short , solemn ceremony , the family heads home . They 've already made plans to lay their daughter to rest as quickly as possible . AirAsia Chief Executive Tony Fernandes , will accompany them . I can not describe how I feel . There are no words , " he writes on his Twitter account . Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi was 22 .	Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi died in the crash of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 Her parents say she loved her job and loved traveling They say she was obedient , tidy , and loved by her friends
CNN  -- You probably heard the story . It is , after all , so last week . A wealthy banker goes out to lunch with a colleague . The banker disdainfully leaves a 1 % tip on a $ 133 bill with the message , "  Get a real job . " The colleague , who runs a blog called "  Future Ex-Banker , " takes a picture of the receipt , which then goes viral -- first on Eater.com , then on Twitter and Facebook , soon everywhere  including CNN  . It was a hoax , however , though it took a few days before the restaurant found proof the original receipt had been Photoshopped . By that time , despite some disclaimers along the way , the bill had become water-cooler gospel and left outrage in its wake . So it goes on the Internet , where errors , mistakes and knee-jerk reactions can be let loose at the click of a button . CNN Photos : Our mobile addiction Sure , it 's been that way since your grandmother e-mailed you the story about the Nieman-Marcus chocolate-chip cookie recipe . But in an increasingly connected world where social networking has made us all news sources , that means missteps and misinformation get issued -- and repeated -- more quickly than ever . Gabrielle Giffords is declared dead , Chris Brown lets fly with profane rants , and it all makes the rounds before anyone has time to think . "  There 's never been such pressure to speak before one knows , " says science writer James Gleick , who traced the increasing speed of society in his book "  Faster " and the deluge of data in last year 's "  The Information . " There 's always been a desire to gather and disseminate news , he points out , "  but never until now has it been global and instantaneous . " We want information , but more than that , we want it quickly -- and thanks to smartphones , which now comprise the majority of cell phones in the United States , we 're never far away from the latest bits of media . Moreover , with cellular companies promoting blazing "  4G " speeds and trying to expand their networks , it 's harder and harder to be out of touch -- and easier and easier to give in to the twitch of the clicker finger . And accuracy ? Speed rules , baby . Even when your phone attempts to helpfully AutoCorrect a hastily written text , the result is as often mocked as appreciated . So much for patience . We want the world to listen , and we want it now . "  Everyone now has a global platform on which they can shout their opinions and voice their beliefs , " says Frank Farley , a psychology professor at Temple University and former president of the American Psychological Association . But people have n't become more cautious about putting words out there , he adds -- even if they 're wrong . "  There 's an old economic principle , that bad money drives out good , " he says . "  One thing that worries me is that bad information is driving out good . " Me first ! Of course , the desire to be first , even at the risk of being wrong , is nothing new . But social networks and real-time Internet portability have combined to spawn errors and reactions at an increasingly breakneck pace , particularly on Twitter , which -- with its brevity and scope -- makes it easy to disseminate clickbacks and comebacks in 140 characters or fewer . Many errors are minor . Actor LeVar Burton , mistaking Twitter 's private and public spheres , accidentally released his phone number to the entire Twitterverse , then backtracked with a joke . Celebrity rumors roar through all the time , causing quick kerfuffles as they 're checked and then dismissed . Others , however , are more dramatic . Last month controversial hip-hop singer Chris Brown posted a defiant message after the Grammys -- a tweet that did n't go over well . Soon afterward , Brown  or his handlers  deleted all evidence of his Twitter tantrum , but not before bloggers had grabbed screen shots of the offending missives . Several news services initially tweeted that Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords had died in the Tucson shootings last year . When Giffords was confirmed to be alive , some deleted their early posts . Actor Ashton Kutcher , who has close to 10 million Twitter followers , tweeted a protest of Penn State coach Joe Paterno 's firing -- before realizing why Paterno was being let go . Kutcher later apologized , deleted his earlier messages and finally put his Twitter account under the control of his publicists . Wrong or right , speed is exciting , says Gleick . "  The fact is , we love this fast pace . We 're exhilarated by it , " he says . "  We 're happy to be able to reach in a pocket and press a button or speak to our device and instantaneously get an answer to a question -- even if we know that the answer is not 100 % reliable . " And being first  or , to many Internet commenters , "  First ! "  is even better : the "  primacy effect , " it 's called in psychology . We tend to remember the first items in a series more than later entries . With speed of the essence , some websites have built a following by trafficking in rumors and uncertainties . In tech , of course , there are any number of sites devoted to all things Apple , which seize on the smallest bits of information , then watch as the unconfirmed reports get picked up by larger tech sites until they go mainstream . The sociologist Erving Goffman observed that people have "  front-stage " and "  backstage " presentations of themselves -- the former a polished form intended for public consumption , the latter raw and unedited . "  I think there 's more and more of the backstage leaking into day-to-day conversation , " says Ron Bishop , a pop culture professor at Drexel University . That 's not necessarily a bad thing . For corporations such as Apple , an outburst of rumors certainly creates  or maintains  interest . The availability of smartphones encourages citizen journalism . And the ability to post quickly means that misinformation can also be corrected quickly , often after the Twitterverse flags an error . Truthyness The flip side , however , plays off Farley 's concern that bad information will drive out good . "  You can do a fast correction , but it hardly ever has the value of the original , " he points out . Social networks are also useful in spreading propaganda and disinformation , observes Filippo Menczer , a professor of informatics at Indiana University . It 's the latest twist on unwittingly forwarding viruses via e-mail . Menczer , who directs IU 's Center for Complex Networks and Systems Research , has helped develop Truthy , a system to analyze Twitter posts that he was inspired to set up after the 2010 Massachusetts special senate election . An activist group created several fake Twitter accounts and put out misleading claims about one candidate ; thousands of followers retweeted the information . Though Twitter quickly disabled the accounts , the information was spread widely enough to rank highly in Google results . Truthy attempts to find out who 's responsible for the initial message , how it has been spread and determine if the message is true . There are some tip-offs , Menczer observes , such as if the initial message comes from a now-inactive account or one with a suspicious name .  In the case of the 1 % receipt , the "  Future Ex-Banker 's " blog was inactive by the time other sites started sniffing around , though it was thought that he was remaining anonymous for less suspicious reasons . Americans may associate such disinformation campaigns with domestic politics , but they have also taken root overseas , Menczer adds . As social media has become a key tool in quickly spreading the word about meetings and protests -- such as the world saw during the Arab Spring -- it can also be used against such efforts . During Russia 's current election campaign , for example , fake accounts posted inaccurate information , making it very difficult for protesters to coordinate through social media , he says . Given the rush of information on the Web -- and that ever-itchy clicker finger -- the best strategy may be a little self-control , says Temple 's Farley . Though , he adds , it 's not easy , particularly with a generation that has come of age with the latest technologies and thinks nothing of not thinking . "  In this world of hyper-stimulation , how do you develop kids who are reflective , who can think before they act ? " he says . "  That 's going to be extremely important going forward , because there 's so much opportunity for stimulation . " Better to take a breath , have the facts straight -- or risk adding to the flood of error . It 's a truism that certainly predates the Internet . "  A lie can travel halfway ` round the world while the truth is putting on its shoes , " Mark Twain once said . Hmm . Or did he ?	Thanks to social media , missteps and misinformation get repeated more quickly than ever Singer Chris Brown posted profane tweets after the Grammys , then deleted them A story about a banker leaving a 1 % restaurant tip went viral before it was revealed a hoax Mistakes online can be fixed quickly , but not before damage is done
CNN  -- On June 28 , 2007 , Nokia was the top selling mobile-phone company in the world , people stopped working when they left their computers , Android phones did n't exist , and high-powered executives were addicted to thumbing on their BlackBerrys . The next day , Apple 's first iPhone went on sale . At $ 600 , it was a luxury item at first . But five years later , the phone 's dramatic impact can be seen in our daily lives , schools , factories and boardrooms . To date , more than 217 million iPhones have been sold , and they 're being used by construction workers to read blueprints , doctors to diagnose patients , governments to improve services and parents to quiet their kids in restaurants . To ring in its 5th birthday , here are five ways the iPhone has made a mark on the world . Photos : Our mobile ` addiction ' A new way of interacting with computers In 2007 , we were a nation of skilled texters , banging out OMG-filled coded messages at lightning speeds on numerical keypads and physical keyboards . The iPhone was lacking either of those , instead offering a nothing-but-screen keyboard . It was a classic Apple move toward dead-simple usability , and it helped bring a slice of computing to a whole new audience , including technophobes , kids , senior citizens and people with visual or hearing impairments . Suddenly , users could navigate their phones with a few swipes of the finger . Kids intuitively seemed to know how to use it . And the phone ushered in a new wave of touchscreen devices . After the hefty price tag , the lack of a physical keyboard was the first complaint many reviewers lodged against the iPhone . It did n't scare off consumers , though , and Apple sold a million iPhones in less than three months . Typing speeds on the iPhone still may not rival a pair of BlackBerry thumbs at their peak , but predictive-text software , spell check and , later , cut and paste have made it a usable alternative . In October , Apple tried to shake up input again with the introduction of the Siri voice-assistant feature . The voice-recognition technology encouraged users to speak commands and questions instead of of tapping them in on the screen . Rise of the app The iPhone 's killer feature was not that tough , expansive glass touchscreen . It was the mobile operating system , iOS , and the tightly controlled App Store released a year later in 2008 that made the iPhone into , well , whatever you wanted it to be . The original device was useful enough : It shipped with a built-in Apple apps for checking the Internet , weather , e-mail , texts , stocks , calendars and the time . But when the App Store opened , people suddenly had access to a stockpile of well-designed third-party apps , and developers were able to build an astonishing variety of custom apps . With the right app , an iPhone could track the sun , sync shopping lists , be a drum machine , take restaurant reservations , be a cash register . Meanwhile , Apple 's TV ads made "  there 's an app for that " into a catchphase and a headline cliche . In classic Steve Jobs style , Apple took complete control of the sales and app-approval ecosystem . Apps have to be approved by Apple before they can be sold , meaning fewer spam apps and viruses make it through to consumers . It also means the company can reject apps as it pleases -- say , when a feature competes with an Apple product -- to the occasional displeasure of the developer community . The App Store has also created a new mini-economy . Apple has paid out more than $ 5 billion to developers , and that 's after taking a 30 % cut off all app sales for itself . Today , there are more than 650,000 mobile apps available in the App Store , ranging from free to $ 1,000 for specialized business applications . 24/7 Internet The iPhone ushered in an age of all Internet , all the time . For better or worse , it 's blurred the lines between work and home lives , made communication a round-the-clock habit and led to a host of new rules about when and how it 's appropriate to use smartphones  not while walking , driving , playing trivia or on a date , please  . The phone , whose price soon dropped to $ 200 or less with a two-year wireless contract , gave users instant access to a multitude of ways to communicate : texts , e-mail , Twitter , Instagram , Grindr , Foursquare , Facebook , FaceTime . There 's even a so-so phone on there . Mobile phones had limited Internet access before the iPhone , but the device 's browser was a huge improvement , displaying webpages more like they actually looked on a desktop computer . All this connectivity brought a new disorder : smartphone addiction . A recent study by gadget-resale site Gazelle found that 15 % of respondents would rather give up sex than go without their iPhones for a weekend . That type of titillating stat is not surprising to anyone for whom the iPhone is the last thing they see at night and first thing they check in the morning . Supply-chain activism As Apple grew from underdog into the largest company in the world by market cap  it made $ 108 billion in 2011  , its manufacturing chain was pushed to greater and greater limits -- and into the spotlight . The Foxconn plants in China that produce Apple 's iPhones , iPads and other products were called out in the press and by activist groups for poor working conditions , long hours and low wages . While bad press for Apple , the controversy drew much-needed attention to electronics supply chains . The Foxconn plant was called out for producing Apple products , although it also assembles products for other major electronics companies including Microsoft , Nintendo , Sony and Intel . To quell the backlash , major tech companies are feeling the pressure and changing how they operate . When he took over as Apple CEO , Tim Cook agreed to allow a third party , the Fair Labor Association , audit its China factories and address any issues that were found . And just this week , Google unveiled a media-streaming device , the Nexus Q , which is made in the U.S. . An industry revived The iPhone may have helped kill the BlackBerry , but it gave birth to a new beefed-up genre of mobile devices . Google went on to release its own more developer-friendly mobile operating system , Android . Microsoft threw its hat into the ring with Windows Phone OS . Most major mobile phone companies now produce touchscreen smartphones . Some might say the iPhone and its cousin , the iPod Touch , helped spawn the larger iPad , with its identical touchscreen interface . That hit device was birthed in 2010 and quickly created a new gadget market , leaving rivals scrambling to catch up . Now Amazon , Google and Microsoft all have new or forthcoming tablets . The iPhone 's popularity as a portable gaming device -- oh , how we love flinging virtual birds at virtual pigs ! -- also helped usher in a new era of mobile gaming . Five years after the iPhone hit the market -- and the culture -- the tech industry as a whole is thriving and innovating . It probably wo n't be another five years before the next big thing shakes up technology again . ` CrackBerry , ' Jelly Bean , Apple get just desserts	iPhone went on sale June 29 , 2007 , when Nokia and BlackBerry ruled the phone world Despite its hefty price tag  $ 600 for the basic model  , the iPhone was an immediate hit The phone helped pioneer touchscreen interfaces , mobile apps , smartphone addiction
