CNN  -- Moonshots are exciting , inspiring . But they are also expensive -- and not all of them work out like Apollo 11 . So are they worth it ? Should we focus time , money and energy on these kinds of ambitious scientific projects ? The answer is yes . Think of it this way . Imagine that the Apollo moon landing had not succeeded . Would it still have been worth it ? Almost certainly . After all , the challenge of getting to the moon and back meant coming up with all kinds of technological innovations and solutions that have then had almost miraculous commercial applications . For example , Apollo needed small computers for its trip . So NASA says it made a big purchase of a relatively new technology -- the integrated circuit , the technology behind what we now know as the microchip . The companies that pioneered this product -- firms such as Fairchild Semiconductor , whose alumni founded Intel -- partly had NASA to thank , the agency says , for the popularity of the technology that followed . The U.S. government , by buying the initial products , helped the computer revolution take off . And it 's not just the microchip . GPS technology , which is now powering the next phase of the information revolution , was originally developed by the U.S. military . But it was only after the 1983 Soviet shooting down of a Korean Air Lines flight that the Reagan administration said it would share the technology so that civilian airplanes would not wander into restricted and dangerous territories . And it was only after the Cold War ended that the Clinton administration opened up the technology fully to commercial applications , which of course unleashed a flood of innovation that continues to this day.Â Or consider the mapping of the human genome . According to the Battelle Memorial Institute , the federal government spent $ 3.8 billion on the massive project from 1990 to 2003 , an amount few other entities could ever have afforded . But in leading the way , it encouraged others , and now a person 's DNA can be sequenced for as little as $ 1,000 . The impact on the economy of human genome sequencing from 1988 to 2010 was estimated by Battelle at almost $ 800 billion -- enough to support more than 310,000 jobs in 2010 alone . Reading all this , you might think the United States is on the right track . Alas , the problem is , it is not . Federal funding for research and development has barely been keeping up with inflation in recent years if you look at the numbers from the National Science Foundation . Since big entitlements such as Social Security are mandatory spending programs , it is discretionary spending , such as science , that often bears the brunt of the budget ax . Â And this cutting comes at a time when others around the world are moving fast . The United States has dominated the world of basic science for years , even decades . But recently , its share of global research and development has been falling -- from 37 % of the total in 2001 to 30 % in 2011 , according to the National Science Foundation . As scientist Neal Lane points out , China is on course to surpass the United States in the percentage of its gross domestic product it spends on research and development in just a few years . It used to be that funding basic science was not a partisan issue . As Lane notes , a certain rock-ribbed Republican was a big proponent of basic research . Reagan said in a 1988 radio address : "  The remarkable thing is that although basic research does not begin with a particular practical goal , when you look at the results over the years , it ends up being one of the most practical things government does . This is why I 've urged Congress to devote more money to research . It is an indispensable investment in America 's future . " Americans used to understand that moonshots inspire us , but that they also power America 's future . Let 's hope that today 's politicians follow Reagan 's advice and invest in science , research and development . Watch Fareed Zakaria GPS Sundays at 10am and 1pm ET . For the latest from Fareed Zakaria GPS click here .	Fareed Zakaria : Ambitious scientific projects are worth pursuing Federal funding for research and development is barely keeping up with inflation , he says Funding basic science research did n't use to be a partisan issue , Zakaria says Today 's politicians should follow Ronald Reagan 's advice and invest in future , he says
Smartphone usage has skyrocketed at sporting events , as anyone who 's attended a recent game can tell you . Look around the stands and you 'll see fans checking stats , sharing pictures on social media , or just killing time between plays . While stadiums have boosted cellular and Wi-Fi infrastructure to keep fans connected during games , there 's always the possibility that there wo n't be enough bandwidth for everyone . That 's why on Super Bowl Sunday , the NFL is planning to block live streams of the game inside the stadium . Super Bowl XLVIII , between the Denver Broncos and Seattle Seahawks , will be streamed by NFL.com and Fox Sports , but both of those sources will be blocked on the Wi-Fi and cellular networks at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey , NFL CIO Michelle McKenna-Doyle told Ars in a phone interview . The NFL.com and Fox Sports blocks will be implemented both for mobile apps and within Web browsers . The decision stems from last year 's Super Bowl , when streaming was initially allowed but eventually blocked when it took up too much bandwidth . "  We -LSB- blocked -RSB- it last year , but we did it on the fly when we started having some challenges . This year we planned ahead to do it , " McKenna-Doyle said . She said the 82,500-seat stadium will be able to handle 25,000 to 30,000 concurrent Internet users across cellular and Wi-Fi . The NFL did n't tell us what the anticipated speeds are because Verizon , which led the Wi-Fi and cellular buildout , preferred to keep that information under wraps . But the plan is to prioritize upload speeds over download because fans generally spend a lot of time posting photos and statuses to social media . The NFL is providing a Super Bowl app to attendees with an event guide and "  exclusive content , " but it wo n't include streaming video or replays . "  While we do know that people like to look at replays on their phones and there are some people who like to stream certain amounts of video in the game , the vast majority of our fans want to watch the game on the field , watch the replays on the jumbo board , and participate in the event more than they want to be checking their phone , " McKenna-Doyle said . "  While we could have made some of that available , it might have impacted the ability for the majority of the fans to be able to stay connected to social media , tweet , Facebook , that kind of thing . " Big games , big network usage At last year 's Super Bowl , the Wi-Fi network stayed up even during the infamous mid-game power outage . While some attendees told Ars after last year 's game that Wi-Fi access was problematic at times , a broadcast engineer we spoke with measured the network at 23Mbps down and 44Mbps up . It 's common at high-density events for fans to have trouble sending text messages or uploading photos , McKenna-Doyle noted . Network congestion is especially pronounced at key moments of each game . While attending the final game of last year 's World Series at Fenway Park in Boston , I was able to upload , e-mail , and text photos on the cellular network during the game . Immediately after the final out however , fans swarmed the network and uploads became impossible . "  When you ca n't do the basics , it 's all of a sudden not that cool that you can show replays or stream the game , " McKenna-Doyle said . "  It 's a fine balance . We 're pushing the envelope every year . As technology gets better and better I 'm willing to take more and more risks about what we allow . " McKenna-Doyle is optimistic that multicast technology , as opposed to the unicast tech used today , will limit the amount of data needed for streaming video at future Super Bowls . "  A Unicast transmission/stream sends IP packets to a single recipient on a network . A Multicast transmission sends IP packets to a group of hosts on a network , " explains network video Visionary Solutions . But that wo n't be used at this year 's game , because multicast streaming is n't commonly supported on smartphones yet , McKenna-Doyle said . Keeping fans connected The Super Bowl restriction does n't mean live streaming is blocked at every NFL game . For example , the New England Patriots ' app provides access to NFL Red Zone video when users are connected to Gillette Stadium 's Wi-Fi network . "  It depends on the stadium , " McKenna-Doyle said . "  Each team manages every game themselves and they have mobile apps that they run . Some allow it based on their infrastructure , and some block it . " The Wi-Fi network , open to all fans , has about 900 access points , using Cisco equipment powered by the new 802.11 ac standard , according to the NFL . Verizon is providing the Internet connectivity , with about 4Gbps coming into the stadium . While Verizon is the lead vendor , all four major carriers invested in upgrading their Distributed Antenna Systems at the Super Bowl site , McKenna-Doyle said . One nicety provided to attendees is a radio providing four audio feeds from Fox , Westwood One , ESPN Deportes , and the in-stadium public address . While it would be possible to provide audio feeds to a mobile app , McKenna-Doyle noted that "  We 've always given this radio for broadcast , and fans have told us they really love it . " As usual , the Super Bowl crew will use monitoring tools to identify hacker attacks on the network or technical problems that prevent fans from getting on the Internet . Monitoring user activity helps plan capacity for future events and fix problems as they arise . Network monitoring tools divide the stadium into sectors , and this year "  we cut the stadium into more sectors than we had in the past so we can pinpoint more quickly where issues are in a section of the stadium , " McKenna-Doyle said . "  If we start to hear we 're having issues in a certain part , we can work on a smaller segment of the stadium without it impacting as many people . "	Fans wo n't be allowed to stream video on their phones at the Super Bowl NFL.com will stream the game , but it will be blocked at MetLife Stadium There 's a Super Bowl app , but it wo n't stream video League fears video could clog bandwidth
Hong Kong generally gets a bad rap when it comes to infectious diseases . Grabbing headlines during recent bird - and swine-flu outbreaks , its proximity to Mainland China as well as its unenviable status as the worst-affected city during the 2003 SARS outbreak , Hong Kong has been central to several global pandemic fears in recent years . It has n't even escaped fictional outbreaks -- the 2011 movie "  Contagion " had patient zero Gwyneth Paltrow bring back an unwelcome souvenir from a business trip to the city . But this bad biological baggage may come in handy . The unwelcome distinction of being home to over one fifth of the world 's SARS cases , and two fifths of the 774 fatalities from SARS meant Hong Kong quickly developed and implemented a very sophisticated disease control and epidemiology infrastructure . At its most visible , any visitor arriving in Hong Kong must pass through heat sensor monitors checking for high temperatures . This knowhow very probably limited the spread of both H1N1 and avian influenza . The lessons learned from SARS , and other outbreaks , has real application helping epidemiologists fight the spread of infectious diseases worldwide . And now the lessons learned from SARS are being put to the test . Middle East threat The Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus  MERS-CoV  was first reported to cause human infection in September 2012 , and since then has caused over 100 fatalities . Despite the death toll , it is not yet a global concern on the scale of SARS , says Marc Sprenger , Director of the European Centre for Disease Control  ECDC  . "  Even though our understanding of MERS is only a slowly evolving one , we can see important differences between it and SARS , " he told CNN via email . "  Perhaps the most important one is that MERS is spreading much slower than SARS -- we have not yet seen sustained human to human transmission . "  A similarity with SARS is that both SARS and MERS are zoonotic  when the virus can jump from animal to human  viruses . MERS appears to be a zoonotic virus resulting from multiple introductions and re-introductions into the  human  community . " Single-hump dromedary camels have been identified as the animal from which the zoonisis occurred . Other species may also be carriers . Upswing in case numbers It is important to draw a distinction between SARS and this newer respiratory disease , not least in terms of efficacy and human-to-human transmission . But a recent , alarming spike , has seen dozens of new MERS cases -- and several deaths reported this week alone -- which could indicate a change in the virus ' behavior . The ECDC reported that its April figures -- 217 cases -- were greater than the past two years combined . "  A lot of times these viruses will start in a certain part of the world  like SARS in Asia  , " CNN 's Sanjay Gupta explains . "  They do n't know exactly how it 's getting from camels to humans and while they 've found the virus in camels there could be other animals as well , as part of this whole mix . "  It could be camel meat , it could be drinking unpasteurized camel milk -- both those things are common in Saudi Arabia . It could be some fluids from the camel . " Researchers have shown MERS can transmit from human to human as well , but it is "  very difficult for that to happen , " adds Gupta . While the vast majority of the cases have been confined to the Arabian Gulf , there are recorded deaths attributable to MERS in Malaysia and The Philippines . Two cases have been reported in Egypt . All reported cases originated in the Middle East . Given the connectedness of the modern world , human-to-human transmission means the spread of the virus could potentially be geographically unlimited . An infected person traveling overseas is a "  real concern , " says Gupta . "  There is an incubation period ; you could be exposed , you could have the virus . You 're not yet sick and you get on a plane . That could happen , and in fact it has already happened . " Lessons learned It is the protocols honed in Hong Kong and around the world following SARS that offer the best way of limiting the spread of coronaviruses . Knowledge is seen as key , with public education -- from hygiene such as hand-washing to preventative measures such as mask-wearing -- key to arresting the spread of coronaviruses . Saudi Arabia is learning transparency is of key importance , recently replacing Abdullah Al-Rabeeah , its secretive health minister , with Adel Fakieh , a proponent of public education and openness . Professor Malik Peiris , Director of Hong Kong University 's School of Public Health , says SARS not only took everyone by surprise , it marked the re-emergence of infectious diseases as a major concern . He says in the wake of SARS , not only were resources -- like isolation wards in hospitals -- reallocated to combat infectious diseases like SARS , but as a result Hong Kong has now become a center for infectious disease epidemiology and virology . "  There was also H7N9  bird flu  which happened on our doorstep and this expertise was heavily utilized , " he says . "  The HKU group have contributed very significantly to that event and to understanding what 's going on there . We have been working on MERS since almost the time it emerged . We have a greater awareness of the emergence of coronoaviruses -- not only in Hong Kong but internationally . " Publicly , education about hygiene and disease containment in Asia and around the world are also much better following SARS . "  The consciousness of hygiene , issues of coughing and sneezing in public , the use of hand wipes and alcohol wipes ... and people wearing masks when they have respiration infection -- importantly , that is not to protect themselves but to protect others  from infection  , " says Peiris . "  These are direct results of SARS . " Developing a cure ? Hong Kong and Chinese expertise is not limited to epidemiology and disease control , but also in developing a cure . A team of researchers from Hong Kong and the mainland have developed two antibodies , which they say are "  promising candidates " to develop a treatment for the syndrome . As reported in the South China Morning Post , the research into antibodies developed at the time of SARS has been invaluable in this case , and models of virus behavior developed during the 2003 outbreak have added to the urgency to develop an antidote for MERS before it becomes even more communicable . "  The MERS coronavirus may undergo further genetic changes and one day become as transmissible as the SARS coronavirus , " Professor Yuen Kwok-yung , a Hong Kong-based member of the research team and an expert in infectious diseases at the University of Hong Kong told the newspaper . "  Therefore we must prepare for this scenario before it happens . " Hong Kong Centre for Public Health : Advice on prevention of the spread infectious coronaviruses -- Cover your mouth when coughing or sneezing , and dispose of used tissues in a covered bin . -- Wash hands frequently using soap and water , or use alcohol-based hand sanitizer . -- Seek medical advice if you exhibit symptoms such as low grade fever , sore throat or running nose , or diarrhea . -- If exhibiting symptoms , wear a surgical mask to limit the spread of the virus . -- Avoid contact with livestock , uncooked meat , unwashed fruits and vegetables , or unpasteurized milk . -- Travelers who develop symptoms up to 14 days after their return from affected areas should put on surgical masks , seek medical attention and inform their doctor of their travel history .	Expertise gained in Hong Kong during SARS epidemic helpful in battling MERS virus Over 100 MERS deaths have now been reported as cases spike Hong Kong and Chinese researchers looking at "  promising " antibodies as MERS cure
CNN  -- It 's being presented as the future of cinema and a movie-going revolution . Specs appeal : 3D is on its way to being free of 3D glasses as the format is rapidly advancing . While literally adding a new dimension to cinema-goers ' experience , 3D is also being touted as a means to help filmmakers reach new creative heights , make millions of dollars for Hollywood studios and curb the scourge of the industry -- piracy . Dreamworks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg has likened the new 3D to the first sound and color in movies . Director James Cameron 's $ 200 million-plus sci-fi epic "  Avatar " is an expected genre-killer . The prestigious Cannes Film Festival this year opened with a 3D screening of Pixar 's "  Up " . But even as Hollywood studios and producers embrace digital 3D , they admit they are still learning how to use it . "  We 've really gone past the point of seeing the technology as a barrier , " Phil ` Captain 3D ' McNally told CNN . McNally heads Dreamworks ' drive to produce all its animated features in 3D after this year 's blockbuster "  Monsters vs. Aliens . " "  The challenge now is 100 years of experience in how to make movies in 2D , " said McNally , speaking of a movie industry that has spent its existence flattening the 3D of real life for the silver screen . "  As filmmakers , we have very little experience in thinking spatially , unlike a sculptor , " he said . "  There 's going to be great filmmakers that are going to deliver experiences like you 've never seen before , " said Jason Clark , a motion picture producer who helped launch Dreamworks ' 3D foray and worked on "  Monster House " and "  Stuart Little , " the first time a photorealistic character was spliced into a live action movie . But "  the storytelling is always king , " Clark told CNN . "  You can use these techniques to create a unique experience that makes that story impact on a more personal level with the audience . But it should never take away from the experience or lead the storytelling . " Creative boom or creative killer ? Filmmakers are greeting 3D with cautious excitement . "  2D is completely a mistake , " said Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu , the Academy Award-nominated director of Babel , at a recent press conference in Seoul , South Korea . "  It 's like when they criticized me because I use handheld , they said ` you 're very gimmicky ' , " the director said of his preferred camera style . "  The way I experience life is handheld . 3D is the way we experience life . " But , Inarritu noted , there was a risk that the technology could distract from the story 's emotional catharsis , something that other creatives have also voiced concerns about . " -LSB- 3D -RSB- does n't guarantee a success or a good movie or a good movie experience , " said Syd Field , widely appreciated as a screenwriting guru . He noted that the talking pictures had their growing pains in the 1920 's ; Hollywood imported playwrights to craft dialogue but filmmakers paid more attention to cameras and sound recorders . "  As we learned to use the technology , then it began to become an art form , " Field told CNN . "  3D right now is at its infant stages . " The rise of digital cinema has given 3D its legs . Gone are the days of struggling to synch two separate projectors to create a 3D effect that would sometimes come with nausea or headaches . The iconic kitsch of the red and blue-lense cardboard glasses has been replaced by sleeker polarized aviator models . The future is 3D without glasses , delivered through autostereoscopic displays . Digital projection is "  rock steady " and could define how different generations take on 3D , said Clark . "  The way you interpret 3D images is that your brain looks at each separate image , the left and right image , and it stitches them together , " Clark said , likening it to adults using muscles they do n't normally use . "  But kids , it 's all new to them , and they have n't had the painful experience of watching misaligned 3D in the 1970 's , the 1980 's , and the 1990 's . So I think the experience for them is a lot easier to interpret . " It 's no coincidence that animation is leading 3D releases , along with horror , Clark said , as the children who watched 2004 's "  Polar Express " are growing up . "  Now you 're going to have to deliver them different kinds of content . So your audience is growing . " Eyes on the prize For theatre owners , studios and distributors , 3D appears a healthy cash cow , with higher-priced tickets helping titles gross up to three times as much as their 2D counterparts . The United States will have around 3,000 3D screens by the end of this year when "  Avatar " is scheduled for release , according to the National Association of Theatre Owners  NATO  . About 90 to 100 screens are being added every month , though theatre operators are pausing in a tight credit market . "  Movie theatre owners are highly conscious of the expense involved in installing a 3D system , " said Patrick Corcoran , Director of Media & Research at NATO , noting that out of approximately 600 theatrical releases this year , only 12 to 15 will be offered in 3D . "  No one knows right now how big the market will be , " Corcoran told CNN . The studios are looking for scale . About "  5,000 screens in 2,000 to 3,000 locations " is the tipping point that would allow an exclusively 3-D release , said McNally . "  That point should be reached within one or two years . " Filling those theatres will be people who do n't want to watch bootleg versions , Hollywood hopes , as 3D comes with a promise that it 's hard to pirate . "  If you are really determined , you can make a copy of anything , " said McNally , suggesting that 3-D movies could be recorded through the same kind of lenses used in 3-D glasses , but pirates would have to be "  pretty serious " to pull it off . The real deterrent appears to be the widening gap between home and theatre . Leaked DVD quality movies are being downloaded on better broadband Internet and played on surround-sound home entertainment systems . 3D promises to deliver a unique experience in theatres that could allow Hollywood to take something back . Studios and theatre owners insist there 's no real comparison . "  Comedies are funnier when everybody 's laughing . Movies are scarier when everybody 's frightened . And that 's something that ca n't be replicated in the home , " Corcoran said . "  It comes down to the kind of enjoyment you want from your movie experience , " McNally said , likening the choice to visiting the Grand Canyon or seeing a photograph , that "  does n't capture the sense of the place , the space , how you felt when you were there . "	Digital tech impetus behind 3D films ; studios still working out how best to use Format could lead to new creative boom in Hollywood , say analysts Movie industry suggests 3D films are much harder to pirate Advocates estimate tipping point of 5,000 3D theatres in U.S. in two years
The school board representing Minnesota 's largest school district on Monday night will consider scrapping a controversial policy requiring teachers not to discuss homosexuality in school . The Anoka-Hennepin School District 's sexual orientation curriculum policy , adopted in 2009 , bars teachers from taking a position on homosexuality in the classroom and says such matters are best addressed outside of school . It 's become known as the neutrality policy . During Monday night 's hearing , the school board will propose replacing that policy with a "  controversial topics curriculum policy " that , according to the proposed wording , "  recognizes the importance of providing information about controversial topics in a democracy . " However , it states that teachers and staff "  shall not advocate personal beliefs or opinions " regarding those controversial topics -- which are not named -- in the classroom . It 's one of many changes being considered to the district 's harassment , violence , and discrimination policy and its religious activities policy . The so-called "  neutrality policy " triggered a federal lawsuit by students who allege the policy creates a toxic environment for lesbian , gay , bisexual , or transgender students -- or students perceived to be LGBT . The school district has refrained from commenting on specifics in the lawsuit . Superintendent Dennis Carlson has said in the past that the neutrality policy -- which has attracted just as many local supporters as it has critics to heated school board meetings -- is a reasonable response to a divided community . "  It 's a diverse community , " Carlson told CNN earlier this year , "  and what we 're trying to do , what I 'm trying to do as a superintendent , is walk down the middle of the road . " The Southern Poverty Law Center , which filed the lawsuit in July on behalf of the students , praised the school district for reconsidering the neutrality policy . "  The students and families ... feel that policy improvements are one important step forward in making the school district a more welcoming environment for all students , " the SPLC said in a statement issued last week . Anoka-Hennepin encompasses the Twin Cities ' northwestern suburbs and is the state 's largest school district . The school district made headlines in recent years after seven students committed suicide between November 2009 and May 2011 . Parents and friends say four of those students were either gay , perceived to be gay or questioning their sexuality . They say , at least two of them were bullied because of their sexuality . The school district says there is no evidence that the suicides were linked to bullying , noting that it has a separate , and comprehensive , bullying prohibition policy . "  We have no evidence that bullying or harassment took place in any of those cases , " Superintendent Carlson said . Carlson emphasized students need to report bullying , and he acknowledged "  gay students in our district struggle with bullying and harassment on a daily basis . " Nevertheless , the string of suicides stirred public debate over the school 's sexual orientation curriculum policy . The school district is also in the middle of a federal investigation into "  allegations of harassment and discrimination in the Anoka-Hennepin School District based on sex , including peer-on-peer harassment based on not conforming to gender stereotypes , " according to a district memo . The school board could vote on the proposed changes to the neutrality policy as soon as the next school board meeting in early January , said Julie Blaha , president of the local teachers ' union . Blaha , whose union represents about 2,800 teachers in the school district , plans to meet with the teachers to formulate a "  position statement " on the proposed changes . She said she wants to make sure the policy clearly defines "  controversial topics " and what it means for teachers and staff to "  advocate personal beliefs or opinions , " which the proposed policy prohibits . Overall , Blaha says she welcomes changes to the existing neutrality policy , which she described as vague and difficult for teachers to interpret . "  Neutrality has not given us good guidance in the classroom , " Blaha explained . "  You can interpret that so many ways  so  it had a chilling effect on any discussion . "  And these times when ... our gay students are under more likely to be a target of bullying , that 's not the time to chill a discussion about sexual orientation , " she said .	Minnesota school board to propose changes to controversial "  neutrality policy " Under the policy , teachers are barred from discussing homosexuality in the classroom The proposed changes would allow for controversial topics to be examined in the classroom The previous policy triggered a federal lawsuit by a group of students
London  CNN  -- A former archbishop of York was accused Friday of covering up child abuse by a Church of England clergyman who has since died . The accusations against the late Very Rev. Robert Waddington are the result of a joint investigation by the Times of London and The Australian newspaper , based in Sydney . The Times alleges that Waddington , who died in 2007 from cancer , abused choirboys and school children , and that the former archbishop of York , David Hope , failed to report the abuse claims to police or child protection authorities after he was made aware of them in 1999 and 2003 . The former archbishop , who was made Lord Hope after he stood down in 2005 , said he had followed the legal requirements of the time . "  Throughout my time as bishop and archbishop I always adhered to the statutory practices of the Church of England concerning safeguarding , " he said in a statement Friday . "  I strenuously deny  and am obviously disappointed at  the suggestion that myself or my team at the time would have acted negligently in this or any other safeguarding matter . " Under the Church of England 's 1999 Policy on Child Protection , there was no automatic legal obligation on the church to refer allegations by adults to the police or social services , his statement said . The policy , which has since been reviewed , said only that steps should be taken to protect children from any further abuse . "  In considering whether children would be at risk from Robert Waddington I decided under these guidelines that this would not be the case given his serious ill health following cancer surgery , " Hope said . "  The following year I revoked Robert Waddington 's permission to officiate . He died two years later . " Waddington , once dean of Manchester Cathedral , is accused in the Times of grooming and abusing Eli Ward , who was an 11-year-old choir boy when he first met the clergyman in 1984 . Ward , now 40 , told the newspaper the abuse lasted through his teenage years and he was only now starting to come to terms with it . Claims of abuse at the hands of Waddington have also been made by pupils at a residential school in Queensland , Australia , where he was headmaster from 1961 to 1970 , according to the Times . The Diocese of Manchester said it was aware of the allegations of past abuse against its former dean and was "  working cooperatively with the parties concerned . " The diocese places the "  highest priority on all child safeguarding issues , " and has a comprehensive child protection policy in place across its churches and schools , the statement said . "  We encourage all who have suffered abuse to report it to the police . " The bishop of Southwell and Nottingham , the Right Rev. Paul Butler , chairman of the Churches National Safeguarding Committee , said the church would always apologize for "  past systems that let down the vulnerable " and offer support to anyone affected . "  When any church-related abuse or allegation of abuse comes to light our first concern is always for the victim : Both that they are being supported and with an acknowledgment that the effects of abuse can be lifelong , " he said . The office of the archbishop of York said it was aware of legal proceedings and could not comment on the allegations at this time . "  For some years now the Church of England has been working consistently towards making the church a safe place for all , " it added .	Former archbishop of York is accused of not alerting police to child abuse by a clergyman The former archbishop , David Hope , says he followed church policy as it was at the time The alleged abuses were committed by Robert Waddington , who died in 2003 The claims emerged in an investigation by the Times of London and The Australian
Washington  CNN  -- A famous French painting stolen during World War I by the German Army was returned to the government of France by U.S. officials on Thursday . The 1876 Jules Breton work is called "  A Fisherman 's Daughter/Mender of Nets " or to the people of France it 's "  Une Fille de Pecheur/Raccommodeuses de Filets . " In 1918 the German army confiscated that painting and others from the Musee de Douai in the city of Douai and transported them to Belgium . The following year the Belgium government went to return all the French works of art , but the "  Fisherman 's Daughter/Mender of Nets " was missing . Spring forward to 2010 and French officials alerted Interpol that the painting might have been imported by a gallery in New York City . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement investigators worked the case , concluded the painting in New York was the same one stolen from France more than 90 years ago and seized it . The painting , which is worth an estimated $ 150,000 dollars , was handed over to the French ambassador to the United States during a repatriation ceremony in Washington . ICE did not provide details about how the painting reached the gallery in New York or where it might have been in the decades since it was stolen . "  Returning a painting to a museum is a significant contribution to the celebration of our cultural heritage and a gift to all future visitors who will enjoy the work of art , but it is also yet another symbol of Franco-American cooperation , " said French Ambassador FranÃ § ois Delattre in a written statement . "  We are celebrating today a gesture of friendship by the United States toward the French Republic . " The U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York worked on the case . "  One of the very few ways that we are able to redress the awful legacy of war is to return stolen art to its rightful owners so it can be shared and enjoyed , "  said U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara . "  In this case , it took nearly a century , but it is nonetheless extremely gratifying . ICE does numerous investigations into stolen art or cultural artifacts and has helped repatriate many other items to various nations . "  We remain committed to combating cultural heritage crimes , which are one of the oldest forms of organized cross-border illicit activity , " said ICE Director John Morton .	The work by Jules Breton was stolen during World War I In 2010 French officials told Interpol the painting might be in New York ICE seized the painting from a gallery after an investigation The painting was handed over to the French ambassador in a repatriation ceremony
CNN  -- From personal stories of growing up with gay parents to challenges of what defines a family , the public 's comments on same-sex couples having families was supportive and critical , calm and heated -- sometimes all in one conversation thread . In CNN 's documentary "  Gary and Tony Have a Baby , " Soledad O'Brien follows a gay couple in their struggle through the legal and personal obstacles to become parents . We asked readers and viewers what they thought about gay couples having families . "  Whether they are gay as a couple , or gay as a single parent -- as long as they love and nourish that child it will make absolutely no difference . Compared to the atrocious things that we read here on CNN about what parents do to their children , being raised by a gay parent will be a blessing , " says one reader . "  I work in a medical clinic and believe me , the large number of gay people/couples that we see are a helluva lot more ` normal '  and pleasant  than the straight people/couples ! " Others said that while they were against same-sex marriage , they saw no reason for sexual orientation to prevent having children through adoption or other means . "  My morals and my religion agree that marriage is between a man and a woman , " says one reader . " -LSB- But -RSB- I do n't mind gays adopting . " Another said : "  Marriage is an institution created by God to join a man and a women . That being said , children do need someone to love and if that person is psychologically sound , physically fit and has the wherewithal to create a supportive and loving environment for the child , it would -LSB- be -RSB- hard for me to say no way . " Some said having same-sex parents would harm the child . "  Children being raised by gay couples can easily be targeted by bullies , " said one reader . "  These children will go through a great suffering because they will be confused as to why they do n't -LSB- have -RSB- a daddy or a mommy . It 's a shame that the children are being exposed to something that God is against . " Another wrote : "  If there is a mother and father possibility , -LSB- a child -RSB- should always go in the favor of the normal mother and father situation . It is the responsibility of those in charge to give them the best chance to survive in a culture that is normally straight . I am not against gays , but I do think there is a reality that one gender of parents is not the norm . " Other readers shared their stories of growing up with same-sex parents or being a gay parent themselves . "  As a gay single man , it has been my honor to adopt four wonderful children , " one reader wrote . "  Over the years we have encountered the typical family pressures as everyone else . Our only outward difference is that I am Caucasian and my children are African-American . Two of my four boys are now 18 and 19 . Both are headed to college . My younger two are 15 and 16 now . Both successful high school students , happy and well adjusted  well as adjusted as a teenager can be !  . ... My kids know about my life and were told when they were young . I have kept no secrets . ... Parenting means being there for your child . It mean participating in their lives . Loving them . Listening to their goals , biting your tongue when necessary and losing your mind when needed . " Another said , "  My parents love me , that 's all that matters . What makes you a better parent then mine ? Because you 're a Christian ? Because you are straight ? They love me and that 's all that matters . They push me to succeed , and make me the best person I can be . Is n't that what being a parent is , loving you for who you are ? "	CNN 's "  Gary and Tony Have a Baby " followed gay couple 's struggle to become parents Reader : "  As long as they love and nourish that child it will make ... no difference " Some argued having same-sex parents would harm a child Others shared stories of growing up with same-sex parents or being gay parents
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Imagine abandoning your own children because you ca n't afford to feed and clothe them . It 's a parent 's nightmare that in Greece , mired in economic crisis , is increasingly becoming reality . Kassiani Papadopoulou , 34 , from Athens , is a single mother , unemployed and unable to care for her three young children . Because of the poor economic climate in Greece , she felt she had no choice but to leave them in a care home , which she tries to visit every few weeks . "  It 's really difficult , really tragic for a true mother to leave her children , " she told CNN . "  But when you understand they are not at fault and deserve a future , it 's better to make a move like this , than have them beside you without even a plate of food . " After years of recession , and biting austerity measures , including job cuts and tax rises , Greece is in financial despair . The Hellenic Statistical Authority , which compiles data for the state , said the unemployment rate in the first quarter of the year was 22.6 % . It also said 27.7 % of the Greek population is on the verge of poverty or facing the danger of poverty . The numbers do n't include groups like Roma , who are Gypsies , illegal immigrants , the homeless and institutionalized people . The country 's heavily indebted economy is dependent on bailout funds from the European Union , European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund . What will Greek elections mean for the country 's future ? But that troika is demanding deeper cuts to social spending , creating what social workers are calling a wave of "  economic orphans , " abandoned not through lack of love , but money . "  I think this is the first time I 've seen so many poor families asking for help for their own children , " says Stelios Sifnios , director of SOS Children 's Villages , a European charity providing support for struggling Greek families , including orphanages . The authority lacks a count for economic orphans , but one of its statistics signals potential problems for families . It says 22.9 % of all types of families with children under the age of 18 are on the verge of or face the danger of poverty . "  Before the economic crisis , the majority of our kids came from problem families , with parents who were drug addicts or alcoholics . Now most new arrivals are from families who ca n't afford them , " he adds . Kassiani says she wants to take her children home , but ca n't afford it . "  I feel powerless for being unable to stand on my own two feet , " she says , blaming successive Greek governments for her predicament . "  For me , its all those who govern . They 've all looked out for themselves instead of the people and the poor like us , who should be the responsibility of the State . " But in Greece , the state can barely afford to care . The future of Europe : 3 scenarios	Greece is mired in economic crisis -- and country 's youngest residents are not immune Parents , struggling to deal with the financial situation , forced to place children in care Mother : "  It 's better to do this , than have them beside you without even a plate of food "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The future of Manchester United 's on-loan Argentina striker Carlos Tevez is causing quite a stir at the champion English club . Should they sign him ? The future of Carlos Tevez at Manchester United is uncertain . Facing the question of whether to sign Tevez on a permanent basis , Manchester United fans appear to be saying "  yes , " while the player has talked of leaving . The Argentina international , fondly nick-named "  El Apache " by his supporters , is in his second season at Old Trafford , where he has scored 34 goals in 97 appearances . Do you think United should sign Tevez permanently ? Tell us what you think and why in the Sound Off box below . The 25-year-old scored another vital goal for United to help them beat Wigan and all but seal their successful defense of the English Premier League . And though Ferguson remains defiant that Tevez is still his player at present who is to say what will happen in the future . Manchester United fans have certainly let their manager know what they think . Following the Argentine 's goal chants of "  sign him up " were heard from the travelling faithful . Discussion groups have also been set up on the Manchester United page of social networking site Facebook , with the United faithful declaring their support for the striker . Among the comments were : "  We need Tevez . He always influences the game while he is on the pitch . " While another wrote : "  It would truly be a mistake if Fergie lets Tevez go " . Would it be a mistake if Tevez went ? Tell us what you think below .	Carlos Tevez ' loan deal at Manchester United ends at the close of the season Tevez says he has not been offered contract and does not feel ` wanted ' Tevez is a favorite of many United fans who hope to see him signed
CNN  -- The international governing body for athletics urged caution Friday after reports that the world-champion South African runner Caster Semenya has both male and female organs . The front cover of You magazine shows Semenya after a recent makeover . The Sydney Morning Herald in Australia and The Sun newspaper in Britain reported that gender tests ordered by the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  show the 18-year-old is a hermaphrodite . Neither paper named the source of their information . IAAF spokesman Nick Davies would not discuss the findings with CNN . "  I simply have n't seen the results , " Davies said . "  We have received the results from Germany , but they now need to be examined by a group of experts and we will not be in a position to speak to the athlete about them for at least a few weeks . "  After that , depending on the results , we will meet privately with the athlete to discuss further action . " Has Semenya been treated fairly ? The IAAF issued a statement , saying no decision on the case will be announced until the experts can look at the results . A final decision regarding the case is not expected before the IAAF Council meets in late November in Monaco , the IAAF said . Davies also said the news reports should be treated with caution . The newspapers said extensive physical examinations of Semenya show she has no ovaries , but rather has internal testes , which are producing large amounts of testosterone . What is intersexuality ? Semenya won the women 's 800-meters gold medal at the World Athletics Championships in Berlin last month . She crushed her rivals by streaking away to secure victory in 1 minute , 55.45 seconds -- the best women 's time in the world this year . Defending champion Janeth Jepkosgei of Kenya took the silver and Jennifer Meadows of Britain claimed bronze . The IAAF said it was seeking tests on Semenya 's gender even before that race . Davies said questions about her were first raised after her astonishing displays at the African junior championships in July , with her masculine build and surprising performance fueling the rumors . South Africans reacted angrily to Friday 's reports , with one newspaper headline declaring "  outrage . " Sport and Recreation Minister Makhenkesi Stofile said he was "  shocked and disgusted " at the treatment that Semenya has received from the media , the IAAF , and the world . "  She may be a hermaphrodite , but so what ? She is still a girl , " Stofile told a news conference in Pretoria . Even if Semenya has an unfortunate "  proportion of hormones , " he said , she is still "  a young girl enjoying growing up . " Stofile said he believes the teenager 's human rights have been violated and that she was not given a chance to understand what the gender testing was all about . South Africa will fight back if Semenya is excluded from further competition , Stofile said , adding , "  It will be a third world war . " All indications were Friday that , at the very least , Semenya may be able to keep the gold medal she won in Berlin . "  Our legal advice is that , if she proves to have an advantage because of the male hormones , then it will be extremely difficult to strip the medal off her , since she has not cheated , " Davies told CNN . Semenya 's countrymen -- including her father and the South Africa team manager -- have maintained that Semenya is a female . Thousands of supporters crammed the airport in Johannesburg when she returned from Berlin last month . And this week , the athlete appeared on the cover of a South African magazine wearing makeup , jewelry and a glamorous dress . Under IAAF rules , any time there is suspicion about an athlete 's gender , the athlete can be asked to attend a medical evaluation before a panel consisting of a gynecologist , an endocrinologist , a psychologist , an internal medicine specialist and an expert on gender issues . There are chromosome tests and scans of the athlete 's body , Davies has said . He called gender verification -- which is generally required only for female athletes -- "  an extremely complex procedure . " The process of gender verification has undergone big changes since it was first introduced for international competition in the 1960s , the IAAF said . The first mechanism involved "  rather crude and perhaps humiliating physical examinations , " which soon gave way to mouth swabs to collect chromosomes , the IAAF said . There were too many uncertainties regarding the mouth swabs , so the IAAF abandoned them in 1991 and the International Olympic Committee discontinued them in 2000 , the IAAF said . A proper test has yet to be found , the IAAF said , and the current round of tests is considered a good interim solution .	South African Sports Minister "  shocked and disgusted " at Semenya treatment Sydney Morning Herald reports tests have revealed athlete 's internal testes South Africa team manager maintains Semenya is female Semenya won the 800-meters gold at the World Athletics Championships
CNN  -- Tokyo may not be traditionally beautiful and it has few historic sights , but it is undeniably spectacular . You 'll want to walk around the city , feeding off the incredible energy , rubbernecking at the skyscrapers and marveling at the sheer "  Tokyoness " of it all . Get to Tsukiji fish market by 5 a.m. for an unforgettable experience . Ginza is the most stylish stretch of the city -- all flagship stores and pricey restaurants . It 's a great place to window shop and tech-heads should n't miss the Sony Building , where they can get excited over the latest gadgets and marvel at a whole floor devoted to the PlayStation . For something more traditional , visit the Kabukiza Theatre . The ornate theater only dates back to 1949 , but Kabuki plays have been around for at least 400 years . There are two performances a day and shows can last up to five hours , but you can buy tickets for a single act . Down by the Sumida River the Tsukiji fish market is an absolute must see -- unfortunately , you absolutely must see it at around 5 a.m. . The early morning auction sees a rowdy crowd of restaurateurs battling to outbid each other for the best of the day 's catch . Visitors are n't officially allowed , but as long as you do n't get in the way and do n't take any flash photos , your presence will be tolerated . Shibuya is the futuristic Tokyo that 's inspired countless sci-fi films . The intersection in front of Shibuya Station is a sprawl of gleaming office blocks adorned with illuminated billboards and surrounded by relentless surging crowds . In the north of Shibuya , the Meiji Shrine Inner Gardens contain some 125,000 trees and shrubs , providing a suitably peaceful setting for the Shinto Meiji-jingu Shrine . Like Shibuya , Shinjuku is a bustling entertainment hub and virtually a city in itself . A world away from the bright lights of Nishi Shinjuku , and the red lights of Kabukicho , Golden Gai is an atmospheric ghetto of alleyways crammed with ramshackle bars , evoking a bygone Tokyo of the 1960s . Traditionally Tokyo 's straight-laced business district , Marunouchi has recently developed into one of the city 's most exciting areas , with swanky department stores , upmarket restaurants and sophisticated bars . You can find all of those inside the vast Shin-Marunouchi building . The glass and steel Tokyo International Forum is a glittering post-modern masterpiece that functions as a convention center and art gallery , housing various shops and eateries . Nearby , the Imperial Palace East Gardens are an immaculate oasis in the historic and geographical heart of the city . The gardens are open all year but the Imperial Palace itself is only open to the public on 2 January and 23 December , the Emperor 's Birthday . If the streets of Tokyo are n't enough of an adrenaline rush , head to the Suidobashi area of Kanda , where Korakuen Amusement Park and La Qua boast high-octane thrill rides . La Qua 's Thunder Dolphin is an unbelievable roller coaster that loops among rooftops and takes a short cut through the center of a Ferris wheel . For thrills of a more sophisticated nature , the Mori Art Museum on the 53rd floor of the Roppongi Hills Mori Tower combines contemporary art with fantastic views , while Ueno Park is home to Tokyo National Museum and the National Museum of Western Art , both highly recommended . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Tokyo picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Stylish Ginza is the place to go for flagship stores and quality restaurants Get yourself to the Tsukiji fish market for 5 a.m. to see it in full swing The Meiji Shrine Inner Gardens provide a beautiful setting for the Shrine itself Mori Art Museum is a winning combination of modern art and stunning views
CNN  There can be no March without the madness . When it comes to college basketball , the first month of spring ushers in a frantic slew of games to determine seedings for one of the most fervently watched sporting events in the U.S. , known simply as the NCAA Tournament , or more often , March Madness . Like English soccer 's FA Cup , much of the 68-team tournament 's appeal is its egalitarian system of pitting traditional powerhouse programs like Duke , UCLA and Kentucky against relative minnows like Saint Mary 's , Butler and Davidson . And both competitions offer the carrot of being able to impress scouts from top pro teams -- a first-round NBA pick can expect to earn anywhere from $ 755,000 to $ 5.75 million . Not bad for a graduate . Last year 's tournament reached 102 million viewers , while almost 740,000 fans attended the 36 sessions . "  When you go to college , maybe your number one goal before you graduate is you want to be able to play in the NCAA tournament , " says Bryce Drew , head coach and former player at Valparaiso University in Indiana  28-5 , Horizon League champions  . "  It 's the biggest stage for college basketball , and it 's one of the biggest national events in all of America . " Drew knows just how big an impact that high-profile stage can have on aspiring professionals from beyond the major college ranks . His last-second shot for Valparaiso to beat the University of Mississippi in the first round of the 1998 tournament is one of the most replayed moments in March Madness history . How it works : Selection Sunday  March 15 A 10-member panel determines seedings for the 68 teams that make the knockout tournament First Four  March 17-18 A format started in 2011 , 8 teams compete to qualify in the main draw Second round  March 19-20 64 teams split into 4 regions : Midwest , West , South and East # 1 plays # 16 in each group Third round  March 21-22 Down to 32 teams Regional semifinals  March 26-27 Known as the "  Sweet Sixteen " Regional finals  March 28-29 The "  Elite Eight " National semifinals  April 4 The "  Final Four " is played at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis ; minimum capacity 70,000 Championship Game  April 6 One of the most-watched events in U.S. sport "  I had always dreamed of winning the game in the NCAA tournament  and  always dreamed of making the last-second shot . For God to bless  me  with both of things at one time is something that I 'll always cherish and remember , " Drew says . His father , Homer Drew , was Valparaiso 's coach at the time , and his brother Scott  now men 's basketball coach at Baylor University  was an assistant , completing the Hollywood scenario . "  I do n't think any of us realized that they would show that replay the next year , and even the next year , and the next year . We were just so happy in the moment and never thought that we 'd be able to talk about it over a decade later , " he says . Showing the highlight is virtually a prerequisite whenever Drew coaches a nationally televised game , and is sure to come up next week when his Crusaders play in the "  Big Dance "  one more nickname for the tournament . Drew was a senior nearing graduation at the time . Although he had heard about professional scouts attending his games , being drafted by an NBA team was still considered a longshot . After all , the last time a Valparaiso graduate dribbled a basketball in the NBA was in 1956 . But that was before "  The Shot . " Although Drew says private workouts for pro teams solidified his spot as the first Valparaiso player to be drafted in the NBA 's first round  as the 16th pick ,  he confesses that tournament attention is likely what got his foot in the door . "  It helped me get my name out there , because they got to see me play against a different type of athlete in the NCAA tournament on a different stage , " he says . Observing athletes during March Madness -- when competition is at its highest level -- is the best way to gauge if they will succeed as pros , according to one player representative . "  It definitely helps an agent to learn how a player will perform under a national stage , " says Jared Karnes , co-founder of A3 Athletics agency in Knoxville , Tennessee . "  If they want to play in the NBA , they are going to be expected to play under a tremendous amount of pressure and attention . " Michael Beasley , the second overall selection in the 2008 NBA draft , is one of Karnes ' clients who has failed to live up to that pressure so far . Now 26 , he recently found his way back to the NBA with the Miami Heat after a spell in China . Karnes , a former player himself at little-known Belmont University who "  had the unfortunate assignment of having to guard Bryce Drew , " says he enjoys recruiting clients from smaller programs because they lack the air of entitlement that can weigh on household names . "  A lot of times they 've had to work their way into the spotlight , and so they develop a hard work ethic , " he says . "  They really have an appreciation about what 's happened to them ; the more you can identify a talent with a level of high character , as an agent you 've just found a terrific prospect . " Among the most successful small-program players in the NBA is former Davidson standout Stephen Curry -- the current MVP frontrunner with the Golden State Warriors . Norris Cole , who played at Cleveland State and won two championships with the Miami Heat , and Gordon Hayward , a starting forward for the Utah Jazz , have also made their mark . Cole strikes a particular chord with Drew since they both came out of the unheralded Horizon League , a Division One conference made up of nine Midwestern schools . It was the less glamorous side of the game that set Cole apart from other prospects . "  His defense is what helped him get drafted from our league , " says Drew , who suited up for four NBA teams in six seasons before playing in Italy and Spain . "  A lot of guys can score and shoot , but when you get to the NBA , really being able to defend someone separates you . " Hayward led Butler -- a so-called "  mid-major " program that exited the Horizon League two years ago -- all the way to the 2010 National Championship Game against Duke , only to watch his desperation half-court shot narrowly miss at the buzzer . Although Hayward turned pro after the two-point loss , Butler 's exposure to potential recruits allowed the Bulldogs to return to the championship game the next year , and to the third round in 2013 . With an enrollment of only 4,500 students , it is the smallest school to play in the final for over 30 years . In 2013 , Butler 's 36-year-old Brad Stevens became the youngest head coach in the NBA when he signed a $ 22 million contract with the Boston Celtics . "  Even though they are so wildly successful as a team  now ,  Butler right before that was n't well known , " says Karnes , adding that it was Hayward who first put it on the map . "  You can find diamonds in these smaller schools . " Drew hopes to emulate Butler 's past success this postseason . He 's already led Valparaiso to its highest victory total and winning percentage in school history . Led by 6-foot-10-inch Jamaican senior Vashil Fernandez  five blocked shots against Green Bay in the Horizon League tournament final  and 6 ' 9 " sophomore Alec Peters , the Crusaders are hoping for a high seed when a 10-member committee meets this "  Selection Sunday " to rank the tournament 's 68 participants . Valparaiso 's nightmare scenario would be an early-round pairing with last year 's runner-up Kentucky . The Wildcats  31-0  aim to become the first team to go undefeated and win the national championship since the Indiana Hoosiers in 1976 . Drew calls coach John Calipari 's team -- powered by a front line of 7-footers Willie Cauley-Stein and Dakari Johnson , along with 6 ' 11 " Karl-Anthony Towns -- as the deepest he 's ever seen in college basketball . Six of Kentucky 's players are considered worthy of June 's NBA draft . While Karnes remains guarded about which college basketball players he 's scouting , inking deals with Kentucky players after the tournament is probably a longshot . "  You talk about these smaller schools that are out there , we 're that way as a boutique agency , " he says .	Field of 68 gives small colleges a chance to shine Bryce Drew turned tournament fame into lasting pro career Pro scouts look for diamonds in the rough
CNN  -- Church of England leaders have voted to allow women to become bishops , the church announced Monday . The measure required a two-thirds majority in all three voting bodies of the church : the House of Bishops , the House of Clergy and the House of Laity . The legislation was passed at the church 's General Synod , the three-times-a-year meeting that sets policies for the church , which is being held in the city of York . The first female bishop could be appointed by the end of the year , the church said . The head of the Church of England , Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby , said he was "  delighted " with the result . "  Today marks the start of a great adventure of seeking mutual flourishing while still , in some cases disagreeing , " he said in a statement . "  The challenge for us will be for the church to model good disagreement and to continue to demonstrate love for those who disagree on theological grounds . " The measure is subject to approval by Britain 's Parliament . This is seen as a legal formality . The Church of England first began ordaining women as priests in 1994 and has been debating whether they should become bishops since 2005 . "  To those who ask ` What took you so long ? ' my answer is that every decision has a cost and there will be those within our body who will be hurting as a result of this decision , the archbishop of York , John Sentamu , said . "  Our answer to the hurting should not be ` Get over it ' but rather ` We will not let go until you have blessed us . ' "  We move slowly because we move together . But in moving together we achieve not only what is just but also model what is right . " The Rev. Sally Hitchiner tweeted that she told her 8-year-old niece that she can be a bishop now . The niece said she did n't want to be a bishop . "  Yes but you CAN , " Hitchiner tweeted , who earlier called the decision "  wonderful news . " Two lay members of the church told the BBC that they were upset with the vote . Lorna Ashworth told the network there is "  not going to be a smooth road ahead , " and Susie Leafe said the decision fails 25 % of those in the church who do n't believe women should be bishops . Previous votes At its General Synod meeting in 2012 , draft legislation that would have allowed women to become bishops failed by six votes to get a two-thirds majority in the House of Laity . In 2010 , the church 's governing body narrowly rejected a measure , aimed at satisfying conservatives , that would have allowed parishes that opposed women bishops to have an additional male bishop . The Church of England is the largest church of the Anglican Communion , with more than 26 million baptized members . The communion represents more than 85 million people in 165 countries , including the U.S. Episcopal Church . The Anglican Communion News Service lists church districts that already have serving women bishops as New Zealand and Polynesia , Australia , Canada , The Episcopal Church , Cuba , Southern Africa , Ireland and South India . The Church of England broke from the Catholic church in the 16th century during the Reformation , which saw the establishment of Protestant churches . On its website , the Church of England says it "  consciously retained a large amount of continuity with the Church of the Patristic and Medieval periods in terms of its use of the catholic creeds , its pattern of ministry , its buildings and aspects of its liturgy , but which also embodied Protestant insights in its theology and in the overall shape of its liturgical practice . "	NEW : Anglican priest says she thinks the decision is "  wonderful news " Church of England leaders have voted to allow women to become bishops It required a two-thirds majority by all three voting bodies -- the bishops , clergy and laity The church said the first female bishop could be appointed by the end of the year
London , England  CNN  -- Hit the road , Jack . Last year 's most popular name for baby boys in England has been knocked off -- by Mohammed . That 's not immediately obvious from data put out this week by the Office of National Statistics , which declared Wednesday that Oliver was the single most popular name for boys born in 2009 . But a CNN analysis of the top 4,500 boys names shows that , when different spellings of the name are lumped together , Mohammed is No. 1 . Oliver and variations come second , followed by Jack , Thomas , Charles , Harry , William and Daniel . The United Kingdom is about 4.6 percent Muslim , with just under 2.9 million Muslims according to the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . And Muslims have a strong tendency to name their sons Mohammed . "  The first reason why people keep the children 's name Mohammed is because of their love of the prophet Mohammed , because they want to emulate him , " said Imam Abdullah al-Hasan of the East London Mosque . "  They want to copy him not just through his behavior and conduct , but also his name , " said the imam , who is thinking about naming his own newborn son after the founder of Islam . The Muslim population has risen rapidly in Western Europe in the past 20 years , according to the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . From under 10 million in 1990 , it 's gone up to about 17 million today , the think tank said in a report last month . That has be accompanied by tensions ranging from racial violence in parts of England to legal restrictions like banning the burqa in France and banning minarets in Switzerland . But al-Hasan says Britain has nothing to fear . "  One message I would give to them is that you should n't be surprised . You should n't be scared . You should n't be frightened or anything like that , " he said . "  It shows that Islam is here to stay in Britain . Islam is here to stay in Europe , " he said . "  It 's not alien from the Western society . It 's not alien to the British context . " CNN 's Brittany Harris , Erin McLaughlin and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : Muslims name their sons Mohammed to honor the founder of the religion , an imam says NEW : The Muslim population of Europe is rising quickly Oliver comes in second among English baby names , followed by Jack and Thomas The United Kingdom is about 4.6 percent Muslim
CNN  -- Pirates off the Horn of Africa hauled in hundreds of millions of dollars in recent years -- and funneled those funds into drugs , prostitution , real estate and other ventures . Somali pirates and their peers hijacking vessels in the region made about $ 400 million in ransom over the past eight years , according to a report published Friday . The report , Pirate Trails , was conducted by the United Nations crime unit , Interpol and the World Bank . It tracks the underbelly of the pirate world in Djibouti , Ethiopia , Kenya , Seychelles and Somalia . Most of the funds came from exchanging captives for ransom , an increasingly sophisticated process mostly controlled from Somalia . In total , 179 ships were hijacked off the coast of Somalia and Horn of Africa between April 2005 and the end of 2012 . About 85 % were released for ransom . Kingpins and foot soldiers Pirate financiers , considered the "  money kingpins , " earned the most loot -- about 30 % to 50 % of the total ransom paid , the study shows . Low level pirates , mostly foot soldiers sent to the high seas to do the dirty work , earn between $ 30,000 and $ 75,000 a vessel . Pirates who board the vessel first or use their own weapons in an operation get a bonus $ 10,000 , the study says . Rewards aside , there is also punishment . Those who refuse to follow orders , mistreat the crew or fall asleep on the job get fined , according to the study , And each step of the operation is tracked , with a lot of beneficiaries along the way . "  When a ship is caught , the pirates call at the city . Everybody celebrates , " the study says . "  When the ship comes at the port , a crew comes to secure it . Everything is written down , every food , drink , any kind of transaction . The final amount will be deducted from the ransom at the end . The investor pays . " Pimps , cooks and militia benefit too Cooks , pimps , lawyers and the militia controlling ports also get a piece of the pie . The pirates ' money is "  typically spent on alcohol , khat , and prostitutes , " the report said . "  Proceeds from piracy are also reinvested into the financing of future pirate operations and may support the purchase of real estate , investment in the khat trade , and other business investments and ventures . " Pirates in Somali areas controlled by the al Qaeda-linked militant group Al-Shabaab also pay a development tax to access the ports , according to the study . Although the piracy trade is controlled from Somalia , its effects spill into surrounding areas . Proceeds are moved by the kingpins across borders through smuggling , money laundering and wire transfers , the study shows . And the funds are widely distributed among various industries . "  Pirate financiers invest into a range of sectors ... some of these proceeds are recycled into financing criminal activities , including further piracy acts , human trafficking and investing in militias and military capacities on land in Somalia , " the study says . Expensive menace Khat , a narcotic plant popular in the region , is another favored investment , with pirates establishing their stakes in the trade . In neighboring Kenya , the drug is traded without much government oversight , making the nation a lucrative supplier , the study shows . It may benefit some people financially , but piracy has evolved into an international nightmare , hurting economies and sending the cost of living soaring . Though incidents of piracy have plummeted since 2011 , it costs the global economy $ 18 billion a year in increased trade expenses , according to the study . It has reduced maritime activity in affected waters , affected tourism and led to the closure of money transfer services , a lifeline for some communities . "  Unchallenged , piracy is not only a menace to stability and security , but it also has the power to corrupt the regional and international economy , " said Stuart Yikona , a World Bank senior financial sector specialist and the report 's co-author .	NEW : Study shows low level pirates earn up to $ 75,000 a vessel Low level pirates are mostly foot soldiers sent to the high seas to do the dirty work Piracy off the Horn of Africa hauled in about $ 400 million in ransom in the past several years Financiers , considered the "  money kingpins , " earned the most loot
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- Bollywood superstar Anil Kapoor has been catapulted into the global spotlight for his award-winning performance as creepy quiz show host Prem Kumar in the smash hit movie "  Slumdog Millionaire . " Anil Kapoor : "  Slumdog Millionaire is like my story . " Kapoor talks to CNN 's "  My City , My Life " about "  Slumdog " , his hometown of Mumbai , his own rags to riches rise to stardom and how the recent terror attacks affected the city . CNN : - Did you grow up in Mumbai ? Anil Kapoor : I was born in Mumbai , in a suburb named Chembur . In my neighborhood the kids never wore shoes , we always had bare feet . I remember my parents asking me to wear shoes to go and play , but usually I would forget . Usually kids say they want to be doctors or engineers , pilots or businessmen , but I just wanted to be an actor . My father was an assistant director for an Indian film maker and then from being an assistant he became a secretary to one of the big stars . In my childhood I was surrounded by films , actors , film makers , directors and film talk . I would bunk school to watch movies , old English films and Hindi films -- that 's how I spent my childhood . And playing cricket ! CNN : Mumbai is the home of Bollywood movies -- was that an influence ? Anil Kapoor : The influence of the film industry is tremendous over here . Every kid dreams of becoming either an actor or a cricketer . In India , we love film and everybody wants to get into films . "  It 's in our bloodstream -- film making , songs , music , everything connected with cinema -- people just love it . "  It 's the cheapest form of entertainment and recession or no recession , people just flock to the theaters to watch our movies . " CNN : Tell me about "  Slumdog Millionaire . " Anil Kapoor : Slumdog is like my story . I also started from scratch , went from rags to riches . I started in Chembur and I slowly climbed -- God has been kind in that way . CNN : Do you think the film is an accurate portrayal of Mumbai ? Anil Kapoor : It 's a fairytale -- the story is basically a love story , but shot in a very realistic way and it is very authentic . If there is a traffic jam , he -LSB- Danny Boyle -RSB- has not created a traffic jam , he has actually shot the traffic jam . If he has gone into the slums it is not choreographed at all . The film is very natural -- whatever you see in "  Slumdog " is very real -- nothing is exaggerated and nothing is downplayed . Watch Anil Kapoor take CNN on a tour of Mumbai . " CNN : Is the portrayal of the slums realistic ? Anil Kapoor : It is -- you 'll see from the way "  Slumdog Millionaire " has been shot , it 's not portraying misery . You see there is a lot of hope in the kids , a lot of fun and a lot of innocence . There 's not a single portion where you feel it has been sensationalized . There is nowhere in the film where you feel they are trying to show misery or poverty . Mumbai is growing and it 's a commercial city and you can see that things are changing . These are the realities and we have to face it . We are confident enough to face it , we are not ashamed . CNN : What reaction have you had from family and friends ? Anil Kapoor : People are very proud of this film . Generally , the public is happy , the whole country is very happy . It 's an Indian story with Indian content and it 's great . There are a lot of friends from Britain and USA who want to come to Mumbai , after seeing this film . I happened to talk to Tom Cruise at the Golden Globes and he is very keen to come to Mumbai and visit India . CNN : How have the terror attacks affected the city ? Anil Kapoor : The whole country was stunned . Mumbai was coming to a standstill and we started questioning ourselves and the government , asking are we safe enough ? What is happening ? Is it our fault , their fault ? Why cant we take action ? It really shook us completely and the tremors are still being felt . People are still angry , people are still upset , still insecure , still scared -- all these emotions are still there . You 'll find everything is normal , but internally there is a certain sense of insecurity . See photos of Anil Kapoor in Mumbai " CNN : What do you love about the city ? Anil Kapoor : It is a city of opportunities . People come here to make it and they get absorbed by it . This city always surprises you ; there is something happening constantly , there is a real buzz -- it 's pulsating , like a roller coaster ride . You go somewhere outside the city and you feel it is dead compared to Mumbai . When you come to Mumbai you notice its energy , its excitement Mumbai never sleeps . When I go to London and I want to eat something there is nothing open past 2 a.m. , but here at five in the morning everything is open , everything is alive . Here everyone is so full of life , so full of happiness . CNN : What do you do to relax in Mumbai ? Anil Kapoor : In Mumbai no one relaxes . People are always on the move -- that 's what is relaxing for them . Everybody is working and enjoying themselves and achieving and dreaming . Holidays are also combined with work ; the concept of holiday does n't exist for most people over here . CNN : What 's it like being Anil Kapoor going about your business in Mumbai ? Anil Kapoor : I 've never really felt like a star . I just feel like I 'm one of the ordinary people in the city . I cycle around and I 'm around in the street sometimes and obviously people meet me and I love meeting people from all walks of life . I just feel like one of them . I love interacting with them , I love meeting them , making friends . Wherever I go I am always available to talk , to listen . I 'm a good listener and that 's what I do . CNN : Describe the people of Mumbai . Anil Kapoor : The people are very open . It 's not that the city 's underbelly is hidden away and you ca n't see it -- you see it everyday , you know what the reality is . Everybody who comes to Mumbai adds something to this changing , dynamic city . Mumbai is ancient India with a dynamic presence and it 's looking forward to a bright future .	Anil Kapoor played quiz show host Kumar in hit movie "  Slumdog Millionaire " "  Slumdog is like my story . I also went from rags to riches , " says Kapoor He lives in Mumbai : "  The city is pulsating , like a roller coaster " he says Kapoor says : "  Slumdog is very real -- nothing is exaggerated or downplayed "
CNN  -- A former personal assistant of Waffle House 's CEO accused him of forcing her to "  perform sexual services , " among other degrading acts , during her nine years of working for him , according to an Atlanta police report . Police blacked out the woman 's name in the report , but gave a graphic account of her accusation , based on an interview that she gave Atlanta police on September 28 . CNN obtained a copy of the police report Friday , as news of the allegations against Joseph Rogers Jr. spread around the media . Efforts Friday by CNN to reach Rogers , whose father co-founded the Georgia-based 24-hour-diner chain were not successful . Similarly , CNN was unable to reach the man believed to be his lawyer . Atlanta police did not elaborate on to what extent they 've been able to verify the woman 's claims , with Sgt. Gregory Lyon saying , "  I can tell you that this is an open and ongoing investigation . " His accuser told police that , starting in 2003 , she had worked out of Rogers ' house as his assistant handling personal and work-related items . Within months of her hiring , the woman said Rogers "  on numerous occasions  tried  to force himself upon  her  , attempted to have her perform oral sex on him  and  attempted to have sex with  her  , " according to the police report . She refused , but in 2003 and subsequent years , "  Rogers required  his assistant  as a condition of her employment to masturbate him , " the report said . The police describe other allegations of sexually inappropriate acts as well , including Rogers making the woman buy pornography , frequently appearing naked in front of her , and touching her body and breasts . The accuser "  was forced to endure the harassment and demeaning treatment by Rogers because she was a single mother and needed her job to support herself and her son , " according to police . On June 29 , after her son graduated high school and earned a scholarship to college , she put her resignation letter in Rogers ' "  sock drawer in an effort to spare Rogers ' wife from pain and humiliation , " police said . It was not clear why the accuser took so long after she had left her job to contact police . No charges have been filed in the case . Since the opening of its first restaurant in the Atlanta suburb of Avondale in 1955 , Waffle House has become a culinary staple of the South with more than 1,500 restaurants that are open 24 hours a day , 365 days a year . It is known for its signature yellow signage , jukebox music and breakfast offerings . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	A woman tells Atlanta police she was a personal assistant to Waffle House 's CEO She accuses him of offensive sexually related acts in 9 years she worked for him Joseph Rogers Jr. , the CEO , could not be reached for comment
CNN  -- The following are excerpts from the Heather Mills-Paul McCartney divorce ruling , issued by the Honorable Mr. Justice Bennett . Dollar figures are based on the current exchange rate of approximately two dollars per British pound : Heather Mills ' case "  boils down to the syndrome of ` me , too , ' " said the judge . On Mills ' finances : "  I have to say I can not accept the wife 's case that she was wealthy and independent by the time she met the husband in the middle of 1999 . Her problem stems from the lack of any documentary evidence to support her case as to the level of her earnings . I do not doubt her commitment to charitable causes ... -LSB- but -RSB- I find that the wife 's case as to her wealth in 1999 to be wholly exaggerated . The assertion that she was a wealthy person in 1999 is , of course , the first step in her overall case that her career , which in 1999 she says was one producing rich financial rewards , was thereafter blighted by the husband during their relationship . It is therefore connected to the issue of ` compensation . ' " On her stature as "  business partner " : "  In my judgment the picture painted by the husband of the wife 's part in his emotional and professional life is much closer to reality than the wife 's account . The wife , as the husband said , enjoys being the center of attention . ... I am prepared to accept that her presence was emotionally supportive to him but to suggest that in some way she was his ` business partner ' is , I am sorry to have to say , make-belief . " On gifts to Mills from McCartney : " -LSB- McCartney -RSB- asserted  and there is no dispute  that he made substantial capital payments to the wife over and above an annual allowance of # 360,000  $ 720,000  per annum . He lent her monies in respect of his purchase and renovation of -LSB- the house -RSB- Angel 's Rest . In 2002 and 2003 he gave her cash totaling # 500,000  $ 1 million  . He lent -LSB- Heather 's sister -RSB- Fiona Mills # 421,000  $ 842,000  to buy a property and purchased a house for -LSB- Heather 's relative -RSB- Sonya Mills for # 193,000  $ 386,000  . In 2005 he purchased jewelry for the wife worth # 264,000  $ 528,000  . " On some paintings in Angel 's Rest : " -LSB- Mills -RSB- asserted in her cross-examination of the husband that some 30 paintings done by -LSB- McCartney -RSB- , which are hanging in Angel 's Rest , were given to her by the husband . The husband strongly disagreed . The husband told me that when the wife bought Angel 's Rest she had nothing to hang on the walls and so he lent her 30 of his own paintings . He told me they were his , that he may leave them in trust for Beatrice and his other children , and that he wants them back save for the flower photographs and the Isle of Man stamp design , both given to the wife by the husband . The husband , I find , was generous towards the wife but his generosity did not extend to giving her 30 valuable paintings  of his own creation .  I accept the husband 's evidence . In my judgment he is entitled to have them back . " On the size of McCartney 's fortune : "  It is unnecessary in the instant case to arrive at a precise figure for the total wealth of the husband , given its enormous size . As he has always accepted , he can pay any sum which the court considers appropriate as for financial provision for the wife . Nevertheless I find that the husband 's total wealth amounts to approximately # 400 million  $ 800 million  . I reject the wife 's case that he is worth # 800 million  $ 1.6 billion  . There is absolutely no evidence at all to support that figure or any figure anywhere near it . " On living style : "  In my judgment the wife 's attitude , ... her open offers , her oral and written evidence , and her submissions is that she is entitled for the indefinite future , if not for the whole of her life , to live at the same ` rate ' as the husband and to be kept in the style to which she perceives she was accustomed during the marriage . Although she strongly denied it her case boils down to the syndrome of ` me , too ' or ` if he has it , I want it too . ' ... It must have been absolutely plain to the wife after separation that it was wholly unrealistic to expect to go on living at the rate at which she perceived she was living . " On Mills ' future : "  The wife 's case is that her earning capacity is now zero . The wife , as I have said , blames the husband for his attitude towards her working during the marriage . That I have found to be a false case . ... The wife would say she is at a severe disadvantage . I think she overplays her hand . ... I have no doubt that , despite the very adverse publicity in the last 2 years or a little under , the wife does have an earning capacity . She has earned her living since the age of 17 . I have found that her association with the husband advanced , not stultified , her career . " E-mail to a friend	Judge on Heather Mills : Level of premarital wealth "  exaggerated " McCartney gave Mills several hundred thousand dollars each year Judge : Mills ' case "  boils down to ... ` if he has it , I want it too ' "
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . His new book , "  Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published this fall by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely about current events . Julian Zelizer says some of President Obama 's political vulnerabilities have started to emerge . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- June has been rough for President Obama . After experiencing enormous success during his first months in office , some of his political vulnerabilities have started to emerge . As Republicans begin to think about the 2010 midterm elections and moderate Democrats decide how they should vote on Obama 's most ambitious initiative , health care , the White House must prevent these weaknesses from becoming debilitating . The first vulnerability is the tension between the left and center of the Democratic Party . Since his election , President Obama has struggled to navigate the divisions that exist between the liberal base of the party , who were the core of his early support , and moderate Democrats , who were also instrumental to his victory . At first , the administration relied on good will and political capital from the election to overcome conflicts , such as when Obama agreed to reductions in the size of the economic stimulus package to placate the conservative Democrats and some Republicans despite the objection of progressives . But the tensions are becoming more pronounced and more difficult to resolve . The president has disappointed gay rights activists for not fulfilling promises they thought he had made on the issue of gay rights . Last week , they expressed their frustration with the Department of Justice 's legal brief supporting the Defense of Marriage Act , a law that prohibits same-sex partners from receiving marriage benefits and protects states that do n't recognize same-sex marriages . Obama failed to calm the storm even when he extended some employment benefits to the same-sex partners of federal workers . He came under fire for having declined to provide health care and retirement benefits on the grounds that such a move would violate the Defense of Marriage Act . These kinds of left-center tensions will intensify when Congress delves into the final negotiations over health care this summer . Progressive Democrats insist that without a public insurance option health care reform will fail in the long run . Several Democratic moderates have been pushing alternatives that fall far short of that goal . The second vulnerability is the deficit . When Republicans have turned away from cultural issues and toward economics , they have been finding more success at attracting the interest of independents and moderates . Recent polls have shown that the public is concerned about the growing size of the deficit and Republicans have finally gained a bit of political traction by linking Obama 's policies to the government 's red ink . To be sure , this is not a home run issue for the GOP . Many commentators have pointed to the hypocrisy of Republicans making anti-deficit arguments following the tax-cutting and spending spree that took place under President Bush . Moreover , deficits have a poor track record in terms of being a winning campaign issue . There have not been any presidential candidates or major midterm elections in recent history that hinged on anti-deficit arguments . Many presidents , including Franklin D. Roosevelt , survived while growing the deficit . Polls have shown the public is also notoriously fickle about how much weight it gives to the deficit as an issue , and is often misinformed about the actual size of the deficit . Nonetheless , warning about rising deficits has been an effective tool for weakening the political strength of an incumbent administration . Regardless of the economics of the issue , with some respected economists saying short-term deficits do n't matter , many Americans perceive the budget deficit as a symbol for whether a president is keeping federal spending under control . While Republicans might not take back Congress by focusing on the deficit , they can erode Obama 's political standing and make it more difficult for him to pass legislation . Finally , there is the economy . The irony for Obama is that as the economy has stabilized , it has become a greater source of political danger . Without an immediate crisis , voters are not as panicked and do n't feel as desperate for federal assistance . A growing number are more comfortable criticizing the administration 's economic policies . Some Republicans have picked up on this and have asked why the U.S. needs to spend the stimulus money if the recession is almost over . At the same time , Obama is in a double bind : Most experts agree that we will have a fragile economy in the foreseeable future , so voters wo n't be happy either . If there is any new dip in the economy , the public will blame President Obama rather than President Bush . This is exactly what happened with the recession in 1937 , which FDR 's opponents called the "  Roosevelt Recession , " using the downturn to diminish the number of New Deal liberals in the House and Senate in 1938 . Does this mean Obama is finished ? Not at all . The same polls that reveal vulnerabilities show that Obama is still extremely popular with the public and most evidence suggests that he has good standing with congressional Democrats . But in recent weeks a candidate who was once seen as invincible is now seen as potentially vulnerable . This is when the sharks start to circle in American politics . The revelation of weakness gives Republicans , as well as unhappy Democrats , more confidence to challenge the White House . This is not what the president wanted right as he is trying to win support for his health care proposal and the rest of his budget . If the problems are not contained , they can also become the foundation for the Republican campaign for Congress in 2010 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : June has been a difficult month for President Obama He says divisions have grown among Democrats on gay rights , health care Zelizer says growing concern about deficit could blunt Obama 's plans He says a new dip in the economy would be blamed on Obama , not Bush
CNN  -- Nevada sheriff 's deputies descended Thursday on Wayne Newton 's 38-acre ranch with movers in tow to carry out a debt-collection action , but were rebuffed , officials told CNN . The deputies from the department 's civil process service were turned away from the property and returned to the Clark County Courthouse in Las Vegas . The entertainer known as "  Mr. Las Vegas " was facing debt collection of more than $ 455,000 from a breached contract with a man identified in court documents as Monty Ward . Thursday 's action by the deputies was Ward 's attempt to use the legal options available to him to collect on the judgment , an attorney connected to the case told CNN . The judgment is dated January 27 . Because Ward had not been paid , he was taking other steps to collect , the attorney said . Ward 's is not the only civil action related to finances that Newton faces . Bruton Smith sued Newton this year in an attempt to get repayment on a $ 3.35 million loan . Newton 's home , which he had put up as collateral , could be at risk , court records show . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan , Karan Olson and Tom Laabs contributed to this report .	Deputies from Nevada 's sheriff 's department 's civil process service were turned away Newton faces debt collection of more than $ 455,000 from a breached contract The judgment was dated January 27
CNN  -- The four people shot outside a Cedar Park , Texas , Walmart over the weekend had gathered there to fight after an altercation at a party in a nearby city , police said Monday . No shoppers or employees of the store were harmed when Onwukaife Soloman , 18 , allegedly opened fire around 4:30 a.m. Sunday in the parking lot of the store in the city , which is just north of Austin , Texas , police Capt. Mike Harmon said . Four people were injured in the shooting , according to police . Three of the injured were hospitalized in critical condition , CNN affiliate KVUE reported . The fourth victim was treated and released , the station said . Authorities have charged Soloman with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . Are you there ? Share images , videos and stories . After shootings , attitudes on gun control have n't changed By the numbers : Guns in America After D.C. shooting , fingers point over blame	NEW : Police confirm shots were fired as people were gathered at the store to fight Three of the injured were in critical condition , KVUE said ; the fourth was treated and released No store employees or customers were wounded Police say they have a suspect in custody
CNN  Two potential Republican presidential candidates criticized the White House for failing to send representatives to the unity rally in Paris , where world leaders were among at least 3.7 million people who marched in solidarity after last week 's terror attacks . Sen. Ted Cruz stressed that President Obama should have been there to link arms with other heads of state , while Sen. Marco Rubio argued there were a "  plethora of people " that could have gone for the United States . "  I thought it was a mistake not to send someone , " Rubio , R-Florida , said on CBS ' "  This Morning . " Kerry defends absence from unity rally , will go to Paris on Thursday The absence of well-known U.S. officials has put the Obama administration on defense , with Secretary of State John Kerry calling criticism of the decision "  quibbling " on Sunday . Kerry said he could not attend the event because of a prior commitment in India . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder was in Paris attending a summit on fighting terrorism , but he was also nowhere to be seen at the march . Rubio , who 's releasing a new book "  American Dreams " as he considers a presidential bid , said he understands why President Barack Obama did not attend , arguing that his security detail could become "  disruptive " at an event like the rally . But he suggested Holder or Kerry should have gone . "  There are a plethora of people they could have sent , " he said . "  I think in hindsight , I would hope that they would do it differently . " Jake Tapper : I 'm ashamed by U.S. leaders ' absence in Paris In an opinion piece for TIME , Cruz , R-Texas , wrote that the absence is "  symbolic of the lack of American leadership on the world stage . " "  Our President should have been there , because we must never hesitate to stand with our allies , " he said . Neither Cruz nor Rubio explained why they did n't try to attend , themselves . French President FranÃ § ois Hollande 's office defended Obama . A senior official told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that the U.S. president has been "  very present " since the attacks , noting that he was one of the first leaders to call Hollande last Wednesday . The official also pointed to Obama 's visit to the French Embassy in Washington last week . "  For us It was an emotional moment of solidarity , " the official said .	Sen. Marco Rubio criticized the absence of top-tier U.S. officials at the Paris rally The Florida Republican said John Kerry or Eric Holder should have been there
CNN  -- A fast-moving wildfire in Southern California is threatening homes and has prompted evacuations . The fire , which was reported Wednesday , jumped from approximately 300 acres to 5,000 acres , according to Capt. Lucas Spelman with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . Some 450 firefighters are working the blaze , which is located in Riverside County . Mandatory evacuations are in effect for the communities of Poppet Flats , Twin Pines and Silent Valley , fire officials said . It was not immediately clear how many people are affected . An evacuation center was set up at an area high school . CNN 's Diahann Reyes contributed to this report .	NEW : The fire is estimated at 5,000 acres , up from 300 earlier Some 450 firefighters are working the blaze , located in Riverside County
CNN  -- India 's cricket tour of Pakistan , scheduled for January and February next year , has been called off -- the Indian government have confirmed . India 's current Test series against England has been played against a backdrop of tight security . The announcement that India would not travel came from sports minister MS Gill in parliament as relations between the neighboring countries continues to deteriorate following the Mumbai terror attacks . Indian Cricket Board officer Ratnakar Shetty confirmed they had been notified about the government 's decision although he did not rule out the matches going ahead at a neutral venue . "  No decision has been made on playing Pakistan at a neutral venue , " Shetty said . "  We have not planned an alternative tour as yet . " India were due to play three Tests , five one-dayers and a Twenty20 international in a tour starting mid-January . The tour , already in doubt due to the security situation in Pakistan , was put in further jeopardy by the terrorist attacks in Mumbai last month . Before the incidents in Mumbai , the Indian Cricket Board -- as is normally the case -- sent a letter to the government seeking permission to travel to Pakistan for the tour . The Ministry of External Affairs had by then already refused permission for a junior hockey team to travel to Pakistan due to safety concerns . Last week , Gill said he was against the tour going ahead . Several other former India cricketers including ex-skippers Kapil Dev , Sunil Gavaskar and Sourav Ganguly had said India should not tour given the current circumstances between the two nations . Cricket board vice-president Rajiv Shukla confirmed : "  Due to the current political scenario and atmosphere in the country , the government has instructed us to call off the tour . "  We have always made clear that we will follow the government 's decision on the tour . Keeping the policy decision in mind , the tour stands cancelled . " Relations between the two countries have become strained following the Mumbai terror attacks last month which claimed the lives of over 160 people . The Indian government has put pressure on Islamabad to take action against Pakistan-based militant groups it says were behind the devastating three-day attacks . Earlier this month , Pakistan 's prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said Pakistani security forces had rounded up a number of militant figures , including Zarar Shah , a top operational commander in the Lashkar-e-Tayyiba  LeT  group . The United States has listed LeT as a terrorist group with ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network . It is the third major cricket tour to Pakistan this year to be called off on security grounds . In March , Australia pulled out of their scheduled visit , while the International Cricket Council  ICC  postponed the Champions Trophy one-day tournament in September . Pakistan Cricket Board spokesman , Asif Sohail , said that Pakistan were yet to receive official notification of cancellation of the tour , Britain 's Guardian newspaper said . "  We can only react after we have been officially informed , " Sohail said . "  We have not yet received any official communication from the BCCI . " Meanwhile , the BBC has reported that the PCB has invited Sri Lanka to tour in India 's place .	Indian Sports minister MS Gill confirms India will not tour Pakistan in 2009 India were due to play a number of cricket matches in January and February Relations between two countries are strained following recent Mumbai attacks India are the latest international cricket side to withdraw from tour of Pakistan
It 's no secret that a battle has boiled over in the Republican Party . The fight has played out in the policy arena but also on the campaign trail . And since the inception of the tea party in 2009 , it seemed like that wing had the upper hand . It slowly made effective inroads into a party many members of the vocal new group thought had lost its way . They elected a new breed of Republican into office , including Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who surprised the political world by defeating establishment-backed candidates in their respective primaries . But those two successes have n't been the norm , especially in the Senate , as many inexperienced but ideologically more pure candidates have been unable to seal the deal . In 2010 , Sharron Angle won the Senate primary in Nevada and Christine O'Donnell won in Delaware . Two years later , Richard Mourdock and Todd Akin won in Indiana and Missouri respectively . All four went on to lose against the Democrat . In a year in which Republicans have their best shot in several elections of regaining control of the Senate , party leaders are hoping to avoid general election stumbles . The Republican establishment is off to a good start this primary season , but it had an easy opener . Texas Sen. John Cornyn easily won his primary against tea party backed challenger Rep. Steve Stockman , who was largely persona-non-grata during his campaign . Still he spent $ 2.6 million in the final weeks leading up to the early March primary . Brian Walsh , a former Cornyn spokesman and former communications director for the National Republican Senatorial Committee  NRSC  , which works to get Republicans elected to the Senate , said Cornyn did the work necessary to beat a challenger , including researching possible opponents and raising money . "  It 's not a coincidence that John Cornyn won , " he said . Republican incumbents fight back Senate Republicans want to make sure that what happened in Texas happens elsewhere . Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , who is facing a primary challenge from Matt Bevin , has taken the unusual step of publicly criticizing at least one group working to defeat some GOP incumbents , including McConnell - the Senate Conservative Fund . "  I think we are going to crush them everywhere , " referring to SCF-backed candidates . "  I do n't think they are going to have a single nominee anywhere in the country , " he said in a recent interview with The New York Times . And in an interview with The Weekly Standard , McConnell said the organization is giving conservatism "  a bad name . " "  We know their business model is only to criticize Republicans , " he said . SCF Executive Director Matt Hoskins said in a statement to CNN that its members know that beating McConnell "  wo n't be easy . " But they 're working to elect Matt Bevin "  because they know things wo n't change in Washington unless we change the people we send there . " While McConnell 's press office said he was talking specifically about the SCF , tea party groups took offense . "  He must not want the tea party vote in the general election and that is why he should be removed , " Amy Kremer , the Tea Party Express chair , told CNN previously . And the local Louisville Tea Party group endorsed Bevin last week . McConnell is expected to win his primary , but he 's not making many friends among groups aligned with the tea party . Evangelical Latinos say they could be force in midterm elections Incumbents at risk The SCF is not the only thorn in Republican incumbents ' side . In addition to the local and national tea party groups , Washington-based operations like Club for Growth and FreedomWorks have vowed to make sure that Republicans in name only  RINOs  -- those viewed as not committed to their description of a limited government -- have to empty out their Washington offices after November . Other Senate incumbents facing primaries include Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts and Mississippi 's Thad Cochran . In Cochran 's race , the conservative Club for Growth published an op-ed this week in SunHerald.com in Mississippi calling him a "  liberal " because , among other things , he voted to create the Department of Education in the 1970s . "  Why would his seventh term be any different from the last six ? " Club for Growth President Chris Chocola , a former member of Congress who voted for the budget-busting expansion of Medicare Part D in 2003 , wrote in the opinion piece . Republican strategist John Feehery said that claim is ridiculous . "  These guys are desperate and they are losing , so they are going to be using more and more language that is less and less rational , " he said . But Stuart Rothernberg , editor of the Rothenberg Political Report , said Cochran could have problems against State Sen. Chris McDaniel , who will benefit from money and resources of the Club for Growth and the SCF . "  If there 's going to be an incumbent whose defeated , Cochran is the first name on the list , " Rothenberg said . Perhaps because Cochran , who has served in the Senate for 42 years and won his last election with 61 % of the vote , does n't yet understand the strength of his opponent . "  The tea party is something I do n't really know a lot about , " he said on local station WLOX . But the Republican establishment is n't sitting on its hands and is even active in states like Mississippi and Kansas where any Republican would most likely to win . "  In the past , if it 's a red state , we 'd say ` we do n't need to pay attention to that , ' " said Walsh , adding that incumbents are prepared this year . Primary involvement And in primaries where there is no incumbent , the establishment is taking the calculated and unorthodox step of coalescing around favored candidates . While individual senators often endorse candidates , Walsh said the organization took "  a hands off " approach during the last two election cycles . This year , the organization is more engaged . What 's unclear , however , is exactly what resources the NRSC is providing to preferred candidates . In North Carolina , candidate Thom Tillis is the establishment favorite against tea party and FreedomWorks-backed candidates . He held a fundraiser at NRSC headquarters in Washington on Monday . McConnell attended as did a number of the 17 GOP senators who have endorsed him . Tillis spokesman Jordan Shaw said he ca n't speak about the role the NRSC is playing in the race . "  I do n't work for them and ca n't speak for " the NRSC , Shaw said . "  Until we clear the primary , we 've got to be respectful of the process . " Asked if the NRSC was getting involved in any primaries this year and if it could identify specific ways the group was helping , spokeswoman Brook Hougesen said , "  As we have said time and again , any Republican candidate running for Senate is free to use our building as a location for their fundraiser , " Hougesen wrote in an email . "  This is all information that has been repeatedly reported . " If Tillis ' does n't beat his opponents , OB-GYN Greg Brannon and pastor Mark Harris , in the May 6 primary , Democrat Kay Hagan 's path to reelection is thought to get a lot easier . A similar scenario is playing out in Louisiana where Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu is in danger of losing her seat in the state that President Barack Obama lost by 12 points in 2012 . Conservative groups , including the SCF , endorsed Rob Maness , a candidate who announced that he would not support McConnell as Republican leader , over well-funded , establishment-preferred Republican Bill Cassidy . What changed Republican strategist John Feehery said Republican incumbents have learned their lesson from difficult losses in the past two election cycles . "  I think Republicans have recruited better candidates and incumbents are taking this seriously , " he said . The government shutdown over Obamacare funding was also a pivotal moment for the Republican Party as many in the GOP thought it was a pointless endeavor . After the shutdown ended , House Speaker John Boehner said conservative groups like FreedomWorks , which advocated the shutdown strategy , have "  lost all credibility . " And he said in January the shutdown strategy was a "  predictable disaster . " The shutdown "  hurt their standing and degraded some of the leverage they had , " Republican strategist and former Boehner spokesman Kevin Madden said . "  That leverage has now swung back toward McConnell and Boehner . " Lessons from Florida 's special election Some establishment candidates are receiving an added boost . The Chamber of Commerce , which usually does not get involved in primaries , decided that this year would be different . "  Our goal for 2014 is to protect and expand a pro-business majority in the House and advance our position in the Senate . How do we accomplish that ? We 're going early , often , and local , " the chamber wrote on its website . The chamber has backed McConnell and a series of other races that are seeing opposition from conservative groups . Feehery said McConnell has nothing to lose by going after groups like the SCF who , he said , make their money by being "  professionally unhappy . " "  These people have no desire to find common ground . Nothing that Mitch McConnell will do will make these groups happy , " Feehery said .	Republicans are taking an aggressive stance against intra-party opposition One conservative groups called Mississippi Republican incumbent a "  liberal " Establishment trying to prevent candidates who ca n't win in general election
CNN  -- He had a rough life during the Ice Age , walking around with a couple of broken ribs and a possibly cancerous lesion on his jaw before dying at a young age . Assistant lab supervisor Trevor Valle discusses the teeth and lower jaw of Columbian mammoth fossil "  Zed . " Now , at least 10,000 years later , visitors in Los Angeles can see the remains of "  Zed , " a Columbian mammoth whose nearly intact skeleton is part of what is being described as a key find by paleontologists at Los Angeles ' George C. Page Museum . Zed was discovered at a construction site in the heart of Los Angeles . An earth mover helping to build an underground parking garage near the L.A. County Museum of Art uncovered the mammoth 's skull , according to project director Christopher Shaw . "  The skull was hit and shaved off ... by a scraper , " Shaw told CNN Thursday . "  We do n't know just how smashed up it is , but it 's fairly intact because it 's a huge jacket we put it around . " The mammoth 's fossil was found along with 16 other deposits at the site that paleontologists "  tree-boxed " along with the surrounding dirt , creating 23 massive crates weighing between 5 and 53 tons that were then lifted out intact . Zed 's remains were encased in a plaster jacket . The construction was being monitored by a consulting firm because the site is so close to the La Brea tar pits -- a site that has yielded between 3 million and 4 million fossilized bones . Construction on the parking garage began in 2006 but it took two more years for all the recovered materials to be handed over to researchers at the Page Museum , who began analyzing the various fossils in June , Shaw said . "  It 's very exciting for us because each one of these ... could be different ages in the past 10,000 to 45,000 years , " Shaw said . John Harris , the head curator of the Page Museum , publicly announced the finding of "  a whole new treasure trove of fossils " on Wednesday . He described it as "  the most important discovery " for the museum "  of the last 90 years . " Shaw said the announcement was made to "  create interest " in the museum 's discovery . Among the most interesting items is likely to be Zed , who is believed to have died in his late 40s . Mammoths are thought to have had an average lifespan of about 60 years . Not all of Zed 's remains have been cleaned off and analyzed . "  Right now we have opened the plaster jacket of four sections that were excavated , including vertebrae and ribs and pelvis , one tusk and the lower jaw , " Shaw said . "  It will take another six to 12 months to open everything . " Shaw said both of Zed 's tusks were found intact , which is very rare . "  Previously , we 've found mammoths but the tusk material was very poorly preserved , " Shaw said . "  It 's very exciting to us to have these two complete , beautifully preserved tusks . " The excitement generated by Zed and the rest of the paleontological find could help boost the Page Museum 's attendance and funding , which is key as many museums are seeing their attendance dry up during the recession . "  The cleaning of Zed can be viewed inside the museum inside the ` fishbowl ' -- a windowed area -- as parts of his bones are being cleaned , " Shaw said . "  So people come to see us and we 've constructed small exhibits . It will attract a lot of people and that will help our funding situation . " Researchers hope to have the entire skeleton on display by next year . Shaw said it is unique to have such a major fossil find in the heart of an urban center like Los Angeles . "  I 've always said we 're kind of spoiled here in Rancho La Brea , " he said . "  It 's not like going to the Gobi Desert where you ca n't take a shower for weeks . " While the process of cleaning and analyzing the fossils is very intricate and time consuming , Shaw said it is a rare experience for researchers to come in to work and not know what they will discover that day . "  Every day we come to work , we 're uncovering things that have n't seen the light of day for 40,000 years , " he said . "  It 's an exciting thing that we 're doing just that . "	Nearly intact skeleton of mammoth found at Los Angeles construction site Columbian mammoth 's skeleton was unearthed near the La Brea tar pits Discovery called the museum 's most important in almost a century Both of mammoth 's tusks were discovered intact -- a rare occurrence
CNN  -- The Colombian government said it would appeal to international bodies over what it called a threat made over the weekend by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . On his weekly Sunday television show , Chavez ordered the Venezuelan military to begin preparations for a war with the neighboring country , warning of a conspiracy between Colombia and the United States to attack Venezuela . "  The two governments have joined together to fool the world or to try to fool the world , " Chavez said . Addressing his military commanders , he added , "  Let 's not waste a single day in the preparation of our main mission : to prepare ourselves for war and to help the people prepare for war . It 's everyone 's responsibility . " On Sunday Colombia 's government responded , saying it has not undertaken any hostile actions toward Venezuela . Colombia said it would ask for intervention from the United Nations Security Council and the Organization of American States . A Colombian government spokesman , Cesar Mauricio Velasquez , called Chavez 's remarks "  war threats . " On Monday Venezuela retorted by calling Colombia 's response "  hypocritical " and "  immoral . " Chavez 's accusations of threats from Colombia and the United States come from an agreement between the two countries that allows U.S. military personnel to be stationed at seven Colombian military bases . The Venezuelan leader is the leading critic of the agreement and has said that the agreement is part of a plot to destabilize his leftist government . "  Do n't be mistaken , Mr. Obama , and order an overt aggression against Venezuela using Colombia , " Chavez said Sunday , in a reference to U.S. President Barack Obama . "  Do n't make that mistake , because we are willing to do whatever it takes . Venezuela will never again be a colony . " On Monday the U.S. State Department said it supported talks to defuse the conflict . "  We support Colombia 's call for dialogue between Venezuela and Colombia to overcome recent tensions in the relationship , " a State Department spokesman told CNN en Español . "  As a member of the hemispheric community , we are prepared to work collaboratively to promote peaceful solutions to disputes in the region . " Relations between Colombia and Venezuela have been rocky since the summer . In August , Colombia accused Venezuela of supplying guerillas with shoulder-fired anti-tank weapons . Such weapons seized from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , had been traced to Venezuela , Colombia said . The FARC has been fighting the Colombian government for more than 45 years . Chavez , at the time , said the accusation amounted to blackmail . Last month Venezuelan authorities said they captured two Colombian spies . Colombia denied the claim . Also in October , near the border between the two countries , Venezuelan authorities found the murdered bodies of 10 men that Colombia described as an amateur soccer team that had been kidnapped near the border . Venezuela said the men were paramilitaries . Tensions were last stoked a week ago when two Venezuelan national guardsmen at an international bridge between the two countries were killed by gunmen on motorcycles . Venezuela blamed Colombian paramilitaries for the attacks , and accused the Colombian government of complacency toward such groups .	Colombia says it would ask for intervention from U.N. Security Council , OAS Venezuela strongly objects to U.S.-Colombia deal on base use Last month Venezuelan authorities said they captured two Colombian spies Colombia denies claim
CNN  -- Federal authorities were investigating Friday the circumstances of a drone that crashed in El Paso , Texas , this week , which U.S. officials said originated in Mexico . Mexican Attorney General spokeswoman Rocio Torres denied her country 's involvement with the drone Friday , but later in the day , another Mexican official said the drone was being operated by the Ministry of Public Security and was following a target at the time of the mechanical malfunction . The Mexican official did not know the nature of the surveillance but said "  we know they were following a target . " He did not know how the malfunction affected that operation , if at all . Ricardo Alday , a spokesman for the Mexican Embassy in the United States , also said the drone belonged to Mexico and was part of an operation in coordination with the U.S. government . "  It was flying on the Mexican side of the border when it had a mechanical malfunction , " Alday said . "  It is my understanding both Mexican and U.S. authorities were fully cognizant of what was going on in the area . " Alday said the drone malfunctioned , entered U.S. airspace and landed in El Paso . U.S. Customs and Border Protection Special Operations Supervisor Ramiro Cordero said a resident called his agency Tuesday evening "  about something in front of his property . " The agency picked up the device and consulted with officials in the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Consulate in Juarez , Mexico . "  We determined it was the property of the Mexican government , " Cordero said . U.S. National Transportation Safety Board spokesman Keith Holloway said he believed that the drone "  was owned by the government of Mexico , and I think they were the operators . " "  We are collecting data , " Holloway said . "  We are not sending anyone down to the scene . We are collecting information to see what occurred . " A U.S. government official said authorities are "  100 percent " sure that the drone belonged to the Mexican government , which used it for law enforcement and homeland security . Operators lost control of the drone , and it crashed , the official said . Another U.S. official said the drone flew out of control . He described it as small , with a 6-foot wingspan . "  They are little . They are squirrelly . A gust of wind can wreak havoc on these things , " the second official said . A parachute deployed before it hit the ground , and the drone was found intact , with no one hurt and no property damage , the official said . "  There is nothing to suggest that there was any kind of surveillance activity that was going on with anything used by the government of Mexico in U.S. airspace , " the official said . "  There is nothing to support that they were spying on us , " the official added . "  There is nothing to cause alarm or suspicion . " A spokesman for NORAD , which is responsible for the aerial defense of the United States , said that it had real-time awareness of the situation but that it was not deemed to be a threat and did not require any NORAD response . NORAD said the Federal Aviation Administration and its Mexican counterpart are responsible for the civil airspace over their respective countries and coordinate cross-border air traffic . Officials with the Mexican military , which also uses drones , did n't respond immediately to calls for comment . The crash of an unmanned aerial vehicle from Mexico would be a first on U.S. soil , Cordero said . He said U.S. Homeland Security has turned the drone over to the Mexican Federal Secretariat of Public Safety in Juarez . Holloway said the craft was an Orbiter Mini UAV designed by Aeronautics Defense Systems , whose website describes it as "  a compact and lightweight system designed for use in military and homeland security operations " and "  the ultimate solution for over-the-hill reconnaissance missions , low-intensity conflicts and urban warfare operations . " Unmanned drones are routinely used by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to look for illegal immigration on the U.S.-Mexico border . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Nick Valencia and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico initially denies drone was theirs ; then Embassy spokesman claims craft NEW : Embassy says drone crashed during operation with U.S. government U.S. authorities say they are looking into the incident Drones are routinely used to patrol the border
CNN  -- A former NFL player and his mother have been indicted in a scheme to steal more than $ 690,000 by fraudulently obtaining five home equity loans in six days , according to the New Jersey Attorney General 's Office . Irving Fryar , 51 , and his mother , Allene McGhee , 72 , were charged with second-degree conspiracy and theft by deception in New Jersey Superior Court Wednesday . The indictment alleges that Fryar schemed with McGhee to obtain five home equity loans totaling more than $ 690,000 between December 16 and 21 , 2009 , using McGhee 's Willingboro home as collateral for all of the loans . The pair allegedly deceived five banks by acquiring the loans within six days and purposefully failing to disclose the existence of any other loans . The indictment further charges that McGhee 's loan applications falsely claimed that she earned thousands of dollars a month as an event coordinator for her son 's church , New Jerusalem House of God in Burlington County . Fryar himself allegedly received or spent more than $ 200,000 of the fraudulently obtained loan proceeds , the attorney general 's office said . Fryar and McGhee made only a few payments on four of the loans , and those banks eventually wrote the loans off as losses , authorities said . "  This is not a case in which Mr. Fryar and his mother simply omitted or misstated information on loan applications , " said acting Attorney General John Hoffman . "  This indictment alleges that they engaged in an elaborate criminal scheme that was designed to defraud these banks of hundreds of thousands of dollars . " Neither Fryar nor McGhee responded to CNN 's requests for comment . It is unclear whether either has hired an attorney . A court date has not yet been set , according to the attorney general 's office . Between 1984 and 2000 , Fryar played for four NFL teams : the New England Patriots , the Miami Dolphins , the Philadelphia Eagles and the Washington Redskins . He is the head football coach at Robbinsville High School in Robbinsville , New Jersey . CNN 's Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	Ex-football player and his mother took out five home loans , indictment says Irving Fryar and Allene McGhee secured loans over six days in 2009 , papers say The pair got $ 690,000 from the loans , the New Jersey Attorney General 's Office says Fryar played for four teams from 1984 to 2000 ; he 's now a high school football coach
Atlanta  CNN  Never has a single haircut caused such a fuss . Some call it the "  Benjamin Button Special ; " others the "  old man " cut . In either case , it 's supposed to be the cure for a misbehaving boy . A little bit of shame to get him back on track . "  So you wana act grown ... well now you can look grown too , " Russell Fredrick posted on the Facebook page for his A-1 Kutz barbershop in Snellville , Georgia , near Atlanta . The mother of a 10-year-old took Fredrick up on his offer . The ` after ' photos show a boy who looks like a little old man with a pronounced bald spot . Fredrick 's post has gone viral on Facebook and Instagram , generating worldwide media coverage -- both cheers and jeers . "  If my kid 's grades fell , I 'd do this to him , too , " said a Facebook post by Marla-Eyvette Massie . But Samuel Thomas Duncan was not amused . "  I 'd rather punish a child at home and keep it a private matter than let someone else humiliate that child publicly , " he said . Fredrick said he 's not surprised by all the attention the new coif is getting . "  Because a lot of people are at a loss of how to discipline kids , you ca n't whup 'em anymore , like we used to , as children , " the barber said . "  It works . " The inspiration came from Fredrick 's own life , when he was having trouble last year with his 12-year-old son , CNN affiliate WXIA reports . The frustrated dad told him to quit acting up in school "  like an old foolish man . " Fredrick shaved his son 's head bald and then showed him a picture of an old bald man , like the character in "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . " "  I showed him and I told him , this is your next one if you keep it up , " Fredrick told him . "  He did n't want it , so he got his act together . " Not familiar with the plot of "  Benjamin Button ? " Benjamin begins life as an old man and ages in reverse . A-1 Kutz offers the "  Benjamin Button Special " for free , but usually it does n't come to that . One look at the picture of the first recipient of the "  old man " cut is enough to do the trick . As for the young man who got "  the special , " he says he 's learned his lesson , according to Fredrick , and has a nice new cut to go with his new attitude .	A Georgia barber is giving the attention-getting haircut for free Facebook and Instagram posts go viral
Washington  CNN  -- In a congressional version of hot potato , the Senate on Friday passed a short-term spending plan that would prevent a looming government shutdown and sent it to the House for a weekend showdown between Republican tea party conservatives and their more moderate party leaders . The 54-44 vote on strict party lines came after Senate Democrats pushed through an amendment to restore funding for Obamacare that House Republicans had eliminated in their version of the spending measure , which would prevent the start of a government shutdown on Tuesday . Now House Speaker John Boehner must decide whether to urge his divided Republican caucus to vote with Democrats to pass the Senate plan , or yield again to a hardline conservative wing that demands making continued government funding contingent on undermining Obamacare . Cruz loses filibuster bid The Senate began its votes Friday by easily overcoming a filibuster led by GOP Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas against the spending plan . Cruz waged a 21-hour floor speech this week against Obamacare , but 25 more moderate Republicans rejected his tactics in voting with Democrats on Friday to move ahead on the measure . All but two of the other Senate Republicans then joined Cruz in opposing the Democratic amendment to restore Obamacare funding , as well as in the vote for final approval . The other two Republicans -- Sens. Jeff Flake of Arizona and Orrin Hatch of Utah -- were out of town . Boehner indicated Thursday the House could revise the Senate 's version and send that back , a move that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid warned would result in at least the start of a government shutdown because of the time it would take to reconsider the proposal . Cruz said Friday he expected his GOP colleagues in the House to continue the fight by revising the spending plan , which would mean "  this issue is coming back to the Senate . " In Friday 's votes , Democrats facing re-election next year in conservative-leaning states such as Mark Pryor of Arkansas , Mark Begich of Alaska , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Kay Hagan of North Carolina all resisted Republican pressure to buck their party over the Obamacare funding . After the Senate vote on the spending plan , President Barack Obama criticized Republicans for using the threat of a government shutdown as leverage in trying to defund Obamacare . "  The House Republicans are so concerned with appeasing the tea party that they have threatened a government shutdown or worse unless I gut or repeal the Affordable Care Act , " Obama said , adding : "  That 's not going to happen . " He noted new exchanges for private health insurance under the law will open next week as scheduled even if there is a government shutdown , calling it "  a done deal . " Exclusive : Romney disagrees with GOP tactics The revised spending measure approved by the Senate -- called a continuing resolution -- would fund the government through mid-November , more than six weeks into the new fiscal year that begins Tuesday . Democratic Sen. Barbara Mikulski said the goal now was to work out a broader spending plan for the rest of fiscal 2014 that would ease the impact of forced cuts to the military and other government programs . House GOP split Republican leaders in both chambers do n't want a shutdown now over the spending issue , for political and negotiating reasons . They fear the optics of Republicans being blamed for a shutdown , and also want to exert as much leverage as possible for the GOP 's agenda at the upcoming deadline to raise the federal debt limit . However , Boehner needs backing from the 40 or so tea party conservatives in the House in order to have a spending plan pass with full support from his Republican caucus . Their opposition to the Senate version that had included funding for Obamacare would mean the measure could only pass the House with support from all Democrats and some Republicans , which would further weaken Boehner 's already shaky leadership of his caucus . The brinksmanship highlights the division within the Republican Party over how best to attack Obama 's signature domestic policy achievement , which was pushed through Congress by majority Democrats in 2010 and upheld by the Supreme Court last year . Tea party conservatives want to halt Obamacare now , just as full implementation of its individual health care exchanges begins in the new fiscal year starting Tuesday . In the Senate , veteran Republican conservatives such as John Cornyn of Texas oppose the tea party strategy of linking the Obamacare funding to a possible government shutdown . "  There are some people across America that are so upset with Obamacare -- and I understand their frustration -- that they say we ought to shut down the federal government , " Cornyn said , adding that the Congressional Research Service had determined the health care reforms would be funded even if there was government shutdown "  because there are alternate sources of revenue that could be used to keep it going . "  So I say to my friends who say we ought to shut down the government to get rid of Obamacare that it wo n't work , " he said . Democrats slam GOP tactics Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa called on House Republicans to "  be responsible and forget about kid 's games like picking up their marbles and going home or throwing a temper tantrum or shutting down the government because you ca n't get your way . " On Thursday , Boehner had to delay their plan to introduce a bill to raise the nation 's debt limit after conservatives complained the proposed package failed to include enough budget cuts and significant changes to entitlement programs . The Obama administration says the debt ceiling must be increased by October 17 to ensure the government can pay all its bills . Boehner signals GOP focus now on debt ceiling Boehner and his top lieutenants initially hoped to move ahead with their proposal to permit Washington to borrow more money to pay its bills as soon as Friday . The initial proposal by House GOP leaders , which would raise the debt ceiling for a year , included a lengthy list of GOP priorities including a one year delay of Obamacare , provisions to roll back regulations on businesses , tax reforms , and approval of the Keystone XL oil pipeline . However , conservatives wanted more . "  It definitely has a lot of goodies in it , things that arguably would grow the economy and would arguably would generate more revenue , " GOP Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama told reporters , adding he was undecided on whether to support it . "  Washington has a spending problem and this debt ceiling bill does not address the problem . " Another Republican , Rep. Cynthia Lummis of Wyoming , told CNN that she was also undecided but wanted to see deeper budget cuts on the measure . "  I came here to cut spending and to reduce the size of the federal government , so when those opportunities arise I want to take advantage of them , " Lummis said . When asked Thursday about the scope of cuts , Boehner told reporters that "  in this bill , we have spending cuts and we have issues that will help spur more economic growth . We think the balance is correct . " Obama said Friday that the GOP strategy amounts to threatening to "  burn the house down simply because you have n't gotten 100 % of your way . " "  That 's not how our democracy is supposed to work , " he said , repeating his past insistence that he will not negotiate under threat of a U.S. default because Congress failed to increase the debt ceiling . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters on Thursday a one-year delay in implementing Obamacare 's individual mandate for people to obtain health insurance would undermine a key provision of the program that prohibits the denial of coverage due to pre-existing conditions . "  The fact is you have to make the system work , " Carney said , adding people with pre-existing conditions wo n't be denied insurance under Obamacare "  because of the expansion of the number of people who will be covered and participate in these marketplaces provided by the Affordable Care Act through the individual mandate . " Some House Republicans questioned the strategy of proceeding to the debt ceiling fight before Congress resolved the question on spending and the possible shutdown . They argued the GOP still had some leverage to force a change to Obamacare on that measure . CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said Thursday that focusing on the debt ceiling was where House Republicans "  wanted to wage this fight all along . " "  They did n't want to get bogged down in the government shutdown fight , but a conservative revolt within the House Republican ranks forced them to get there , " King said . Analysts warn of severe economic impact from any doubt cast over whether the United States would fail to meet its debt obligations . A similar bout of congressional brinksmanship over the debt ceiling in 2011 led to the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh and Bryan Koenig contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama criticizes Republican tactics on shutdown , debt ceiling The Senate sends the House a revised spending plan to avoid a shutdown Senate Democrats restore funding for Obamacare opposed by Republicans House Speaker John Boehner faces a showdown with tea party conservatives
He 's been running all his life , running for freedom , running for peace . It started when he ran away from home at the age of eight . Later he ran away from his homeland , Iran , and spent seven years on a bicycle , pedaling 49,700 miles across 55 countries . In 2002 , he reached America . He now lives in a tent in Death Valley . It 's been nearly 10 years since Reza Baluchi escaped from Iran . He has run across the United States twice and around its perimeter once . He sets out on every journey with the same mission : to spread a message of world peace . Baluchi plans to begin his next extended run in Israel and finish atop the highest peak on earth -- Mount Everest . His route will take him through the Middle East , including Iran . He 'd be going home for the first time since escaping on his bike . "  I got tired of having no freedom , " he said . "  I would wear a t-shirt and they would stop me . I 'd grow out my hair and they 'd make me cut it . I traveled out of the country with the cycling team and never came back . " Baluchi grew up in the northern Iranian city of Rasht , the youngest of eight children including a brother permanently traumatized by his service in the Iran-Iraq war . His family barely made a living from their rice farm . He would run seven miles to school , and back home , every day . Baluchi ran away from home after upsetting his mother and getting a beating . He fled on foot , running more than 300 miles to Isfahan where he stayed with his aunt and uncle and continued his schooling . Despite his young age , Baluchi helped support that family by working as a mechanic , running another 14 miles to work after class each day . His athletic abilities did n't go unnoticed ; he was recruited to join the national cycling team at 14 . Baluchi cycled and won numerous competitions through his teen years . He also fell away from Islam , the state-sponsored religion of Iran . He says he was a peaceful activist -- and got in trouble for associating with dissidents . At 19 , he was arrested by a government militia known as the Basij for eating during Ramadan , the holy month when Muslims are expected to fast . Baluchi was wearing a Michael Jackson t-shirt and carrying "  banned pre-revolutionary videotape " -- a romantic movie . He says he spent the next 45 days imprisoned in a torture cell . "  Every day they tortured me , " Baluchi said . "  They broke my shoulder ; I cried . They would hit me with a baton and burn me with skewers . " He says he was frequently beaten unconscious and , on some occasions , hung from a tree by his wrists . "  My hands had turned completely black from the dead blood ; I thought I would have to cut them off . Every day I prayed that I die . Every day I would cry . I thought it would be better if they just killed me so I would n't have to suffer . " After questioning his family and investigating his intentions , Baluchi says the Basij deemed him essentially harmless . He was removed from the torture cell , and spent the next 18 months jailed under less threatening conditions . "  I was much more comfortable , " he said . "  I was running and exercising every day . I also worked as a mechanic on the officers ' cars once they realized I was n't a threat . " Baluchi says running kept him sane during his imprisonment . Once released , he returned to the cycling team . Baluchi and his teammates traveled to Germany for competition . "  At that point , I never wanted to go back to Iran , " Baluchi said . He spent the next four years competing with the German cycling team . Baluchi was taken aback by the level of admiration and respect he received . He had little education , no income and would sleep wherever he could lay his head . Once he was granted a German passport , he set out for other destinations . With only a backpack and his bicycle , he steered clear of transportation by car or train for fear of getting caught . He says he stopped frequently to help the homeless , despite his own very limited resources . "  While in Morocco I rode by this old man who had torn-up shoes tied onto his feet , " Baluchi said . "  I gave him my own shoes and the only $ 2 I had left . Anything that I had , besides my bike , I would give away . " On another African stop , Baluchi says he spent a day rebuilding the roof of a damaged school . He says he made friends everywhere he went , and they took care of him as well . A Portuguese family gave him $ 2,000 , which he mailed to Iran for his family . And a Colombian dentist fixed his teeth for no charge . His life on the road -- running in a security vest adorned with the American and Iranian flags -- took him from China to Panama , France and New Zealand -- 55 countries in all . Communicating the message of love and peace . Eighty-five flat tires later , Baluchi arrived at the U.S. border in Monterrey , Mexico , asking for a visa to enter America . After waiting three months with no document , Baluchi says he got lost while riding his bike in the desert . "  I was 27 miles in Arizona and I had no idea , " he said . "  I was awakened one morning by a helicopter hovering over my tent . It was border patrol . When they told me I was actually in the U.S. I started crying . " It was a year after the September 11 , 2001 terror attacks , and a Middle Eastern man riding alone in the desert might raise suspicions . "  I started speaking German , hoping they would n't know my nationality . Once the officer searched my tent and saw one of the newspaper headlines ` Iranian Runs Around the World for Peace , ' he jumped back and put his hand on his gun . " Baluchi was arrested for entering the United States illegally and spent five months in a detention center , unable to post $ 5,000 bail . By this time , Los Angeles businessman David Hyslop , intrigued by what he had read of Baluchi 's journey for peace , wrote him a letter of support addressed to the detention center . He attached his photo and phone number . "  Three days later the phone rang and sure enough it was Reza speaking his broken English , " Hyslop said . "  He was convinced he would get political asylum and sure enough , he did . " Baluchi says he convinced the judge to release him on humanitarian grounds , promising to run across America for the victims of 9/11 and donate his only possession -- his bicycle -- to the New York Fire Department . He spent 10 days prepping for the cross-country trek . Hyslop bought him new clothes and rallied the support of local Iranian-Americans . Under his guidance , Baluchi was able to raise several thousand dollars and was donated a motor home . Hyslop decided to leave his partnership in a video systems integration company and volunteered to drive the motor home , cook his meals and be his traveling press agent . "  He ran an average of 29 miles a day for 124 days , " Hyslop said . "  There was just something about Reza that told me he could do it . And he did . " They left Los Angeles on Mother 's Day , planning to arrive in New York City by the second anniversary of Sept. 11 . They were traveling with a $ 28,000 donation for the Children 's Aid Society , Baluchi 's bicycle and "  Rocky , " a stray dog they picked up along the way . Baluchi arrived to a cheering crowd at Battery Park . The next day he presented his bike to Engine 33 , Ladder 9 , the closest fire station to Ground Zero . Ten of its 14 firefighters were killed in the response to the World Trade Center attack . "  We found out these guys were also cyclists , " Hyslop said . "  We pulled up to the fire house and they were standing outside waiting for Reza . There was n't a dry eye in the house , it was unbelievable . " "  These guys are true heroes , " Baluchi said . "  They gave their lives to save others . So I wanted to donate my bike from the people of Iran , not from the government . I stay out of the politics . " In 2007 , Baluchi laced up his shoes once again . He ran the perimeter of the United States , raising money for the Children 's Hospital of Denver . He says he spent 202 consecutive days running a grand total of 11,720 miles . "  Because it was so difficult for me to leave my country and reach America , I ran for children around the world that are also homeless , " he said . "  It 's his personal mission to help others , " said his former agent Scott Hettermann . "  He does n't have anything yet he 's the happiest person I know . He 's a completely nomadic creature . " In 2009 , Baluchi ran from Los Angeles to New York City again , and now he 's training and planning for his ultimate trip -- a run that will traverse every country on the planet -- a lifelong dream that even his supporters say probably is out of anyone 's reach . "  Reza does n't listen to anyone , " Hyslop said . "  He has these outsized ambitions that he sets his mind to . He 's a success above and beyond anyone 's expectations . It 's almost biblical . But you got ta be a little crazy to undertake such an endeavor , right ? " Nowadays the 40-year-old Baluchi lives in a tent , and spends his days training in Death Valley , California . In February 2013 , he plans to begin his next run for peace in Jerusalem -- the trip that will take him back to where it all started . Baluchi , idealistic to the extreme , admits there is a real danger returning to his home country . "  I do n't know if I 'll be able to run freely through Iran . I fear that I might not make it , but I 'd like to try and see my mother one last time , " he said . "  Who knows what the regime is going to do , " Hyslop added . "  We do n't know how the government feels about him . He could end up a martyr if he 's not careful . " Despite the risk , Baluchi says he refuses to be distracted from his goal . "  I always wanted to give children around the world hope that anything is possible , " he said . "  Until my heart stops beating , I 'll keep running for peace . "	Reza Baluchi aims to run through the Middle East and finish on top of Mt. Everest He has been running around the world since escaping from Iran Baluchi says he was tortured by government militia after being arrested He has run for charitable causes since arriving in the U.S. in 2002
CNN  -- A key United Nations committee on Thursday condemned Myanmar 's human rights record while the secretary-general of the world body stressed the need for democratic reform . In a call to freed pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon emphasized the importance of a peaceful democratic transition and reconciliation process in Myanmar . Suu Kyi , a Nobel Peace Prize recipient in 1991 , has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest for her opposition to authoritarian rule in the nation formerly known as Burma . She was released last week . "  The secretary-general told Aung San Suu Kyi that he was encouraged by the spirit of reconciliation emanating from her statements and appeals for dialogue and compromise following her release , " the U.N. said in a statement . A U.N. General Assembly subset committee approved a draft resolution denouncing "  the ongoing systematic violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of the people of Myanmar . " The resolution also slammed the nation 's recent elections and said they were not fair and inclusive . Susan Rice , the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. , welcomed the resolution and said it honored the commitment to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . "  The government of Burma continues to commit serious human rights violations , including arbitrary and prolonged detentions of its citizens , rape and sexual violence , discrimination and violence against ethnic minorities , and impose serious restrictions on freedom of speech , press association and assembly , " Rice said in a statement . Suu Kyi and Ban vowed to pressure the nation 's military junta to release more than 2,100 political prisoners . "  They both stressed the need for the Myanmar authorities to release all remaining political prisoners so that all of the country 's citizens are free to contribute to advancing the prospects of national reconciliation and democratic transition in Myanmar , " the statement said .	General Assembly subset committee slams "  ongoing systematic violation of human rights " U.N. chief emphasizes the importance of a peaceful democratic transition Suu Kyi has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest Suu Kyi is a 1991 Nobel Peace Prize recipient
CNN  -- Workers involved in the tourism industry along the U.S. Gulf Coast hope this Memorial Day weekend is one of their best in a long time . The threat of oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill kept many tourists away from beach communities last year . Since the oil spill , BP has provided money to states to help promote tourism . So far , the oil giant says it has given Florida $ 42 million , Mississippi $ 18 million , Alabama nearly $ 30 and Louisiana $ 25 million in tourism grants . Here are some comments about Gulf Coast tourism from people who work in the sector : Mississippi Janice Jones , a marketing manager at the Mississippi Gulf Coast Visitors Bureau said she is "  hopeful about this year . " She said "  everyone kind of looks around for the piece of wood to knock on when you say that . " In addition to the 2010 oil spill , the area was also devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . Jones said for Memorial Day weekend she is conservatively estimating that about 75 % of hotel rooms will be booked -- a number that would be 10 % more than in 2010 and the highest level in at least three years . Additionally , she said the hotels this year will be filled with tourists , while last year they were filled largely with BP cleanup workers , who generally did n't spend money on tourist activities . Alabama Herb Malone , president and chief executive of Gulf Shores & Orange Beach Tourism said lodging rates have been climbing . "  Since October 2010 , we have seen an upward trend every month . " Memorial Day tourism numbers for beach areas are up , even compared to years before the spill . Malone added , "  We are seeing increases over 2009 figures , which is a good indication that things are moving in the right direction . " Florida Will Seccombe , chief marketing officer for Visit Florida said "  we are looking for a really solid Memorial Day , and a really solid summer . " Most of Florida 's beaches never saw any crude come ashore . The area impacted last year by the oil , or rumors of oil , is "  clearly bouncing back and it 's a big bounce " he said . "  Northwest Florida is going to have an incredible rebound year . " Louisiana "  We are looking much better for recreational tourism this year , " said Jacques Berry , spokesman for the state Department of Culture , Recreation and Tourism . He said a study shows "  we are rebounding well on a regional basis  but  we still have work to do nationally with the perception about Louisiana seafood . " Much of the state 's tourism centers around eating and catching seafood . "  Locals  in the region  are quicker to understand what is going on , " said Jill Kidder , co-executive director of the Louisiana Travel Promotion Association . "  We are open and ready for business . " Friday , the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries opened a six-mile stretch of beach known as Elmer 's Island for the first time since it was hit by the oil . It comes at a good time , Berry said . "  Red snapper season opens this weekend and that is exactly where they all go . "	The threat of oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill kept many tourists away last year BP has been providing money to states to help promote tourism "  We are looking for a really solid Memorial Day , and a really solid summer , " says tourism official
CNN  -- Roger Federer is looking to the comforts of home as he continues his bid to hold the year-end world No. 1 ranking for the first time since 2009 . The Swiss tennis star needs to defend his title in Basel to avoid dropping points in the run-up to the season-ending finals in London next month , with Novak Djokovic seeking to regain his place at the top . "  It is just so great to play at home as world number one after the season I 've had , " the 31-year-old told reporters following Monday 's first-round win over Benjamin Becker at the Swiss Indoors hard-court event . "  It 's a wonderful feeling to be here playing at the top of my game . Sometimes things just all come together . " Federer , playing for the first time since losing to Andy Murray in the Shanghai semifinals earlier this month , won 7-5 6-3 against the 83rd-ranked German -- a late replacement for injured Frenchman Jeremy Chardy . "  He broke me at 2-3 but I was able to get it straight back . It all went so fast at the end , but the first set was really tough , " said Federer , who has won the Basel title five times and been runner-up on three occasions in 12 previous appearances . The Wimbledon champion now has more than 300 career weeks at No. 1 -- the first man to do so -- but faces a difficult task to hold off second-ranked Djokovic , who won the Shanghai title and has the chance of picking up more points due to his lackluster end to 2011 . The Serbian has taken this week off ahead of the men 's season 's penultimate event , the Paris Masters -- which Federer also won last year before triumphing in the ATP Tour World Finals . With U.S. Open champion Murray pulling out of Basel for the second year in a row , this time due to a back problem , Federer faces a relatively weak field . The London 2012 silver medalist next takes on either Brazil 's Thomaz Bellucci or Japan 's Go Soeda , and would not play a top-10 player until the final should his 2009 U.S. Open conqueror Juan Martin del Potro make it that far . The eighth-ranked Argentine won this month 's event in Vienna in his first singles tournament since September 's U.S. Open , having suffered a recurrence of his wrist injury during the Davis Cup semifinal against the Czech Republic . Meanwhile , Tomas Berdych -- who led the Czechs into the November 16-18 final against Spain -- has become the sixth player to qualify for the eight-man season-ending event in London . Berdych , who won his eighth career title in Stockholm on Sunday , follows Djokovic , Federer , Murray , David Ferrer and Rafael Nadal -- who is unlikely to take his place at the showpiece event due to his knee injury . Meanwhile , the women 's season-ending WTA Championships start on Tuesday in Turkey , with Maria Sharapova beginning her bid to wrest the No. 1 ranking from Victoria Azarenka . The Russian will take on Italy 's Sara Errani in a repeat of June 's French Open final , which Sharapova won , while defending champion Petra Kvitova will launch the tournament against Agnieszka Radwanska in the other Group B match . "  Unfortunately last year I was a bit injured and was n't able to play 100 % , so it 's nice coming in this year knowing I 'm ready , "  said Sharapova . Third-ranked Serena Williams , who can not topple Azarenka despite her victories at Wimbledon , the Olympics and the U.S. Open , will play Germany 's Angelique Kerber in Tuesday 's other match . U.S. Open finalist Azarenka , also in Group A along with China 's Li Na , needs to win two matches to seal the year-end No. 1 spot . The Belorussian has won her past two tournaments following a surprise defeat by Kerber in the Tokyo quarterfinals .	Defending champion Roger Federer wins opening match at Swiss Indoors event Federer beats late replacement Benjamin Becker to reach second round Swiss star is battling with Novak Djokovic for year-end No. 1 ranking Women 's season-ending tournament will start in Istanbul on Tuesday
New Delhi  CNN  -- The Indian anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare has begun a new hunger strike to add pressure to his persistent demands for a tough law to deal with endemic corruption in the country . Hazare and his supporters are also seeking special investigations into allegations of corruption they have made against more than a dozen of India 's federal government ministers , including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh -- accusations the government denies . A 75-year-old former army driver , Hazare galvanized the nation last year with his use of fasting to demand a strong citizen ombudsman to tackle official corruption . The attention his protest generated brought huge political pressure to bear on Singh , who agreed in August to Hazare 's demand for the new anti-corruption agency . The resulting legislation , however , has become bogged down in parliament . A protest Hazare organized in Mumbai in December to press lawmakers to act drew fewer people than expected , suggesting the momentum behind his campaign might be waning . But thousands of people turned out in New Delhi on Sunday when the veteran activist commenced his new , open-ended fast , adding his clout to a similar protest that three of his supporters had started Wednesday . Hazare told the crowds that his agitation would continue until the government accepted his group 's version of the bill to establish a Jan Lokpal , or citizen ombudsman . Government legislation to create the agency is still pending in parliament , but Hazare and other activists say it is too weak to tackle widespread graft around India , the world 's second most populous country after China . "  I want to tell my supporters that I will not die until the Jan Lokpal bill is passed , " Hazare said Sunday . India 's coalition government , led by the Congress party , has been rocked by a series of corruption scandals in recent years . Last year , a former government minister was among a dozen defendants charged in a multibillion-dollar telecom scandal . Andimuthu Raja , a former telecommunication minister , is accused of being involved in a scheme involving the underselling of cell phone licenses at the height of India 's lucrative telecom boom . He denies any wrongdoing . Congress suffered a crushing electoral defeat earlier this year in the key state of Uttar Pradesh in a vote that was considered a litmus test for Singh 's government ahead of national elections due in 2014 .	Thousands of people in New Delhi attend the start of the fast Anna Hazare wants the government to set up an anti-corruption agency Legislation to create the ombudsman has got bogged down in parliament Hazare galvanized the country last year with a hunger strike protest
CNN  -- Up and down the East Coast , residents and naturalists alike have been scratching their heads this autumn over a simple question : Where are all the acorns ? Some scientists fear a mysterious shortage of acorns this fall in the eastern U.S. will affect squirrels . Oak trees have shed their leaves , but the usual carpet of acorns is not crunching underfoot . In far-flung pockets of northern Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania , West Virginia and other states , scientists have found no acorns whatsoever . "  I ca n't think of any other year like this , " said Alonso Abugattas , director of the Long Branch Nature Center in Arlington , Virginia . Louise Garris , who lives in the Oakcrest neighborhood of Arlington , Virginia , first noticed the mysterious phenomenon early this fall when doing yardwork beneath a canopy of large oak trees . "  I have lived in the area my entire life and have never not seen any acorns ! " she said . Garris checked with some local plant nurseries and they confirmed her observation . The mystery has found its way to the Internet , where a "  No acorns this year " discussion on Topix.com yielded more than 180 comments from people reporting acorn disappearances as far away as Connecticut and North Carolina . "  WHAT IS GOING ON ? " posted a resident of Maplewood , New Jersey . "  Now we are finding dead squirrels ! SHOULD WE ALL BE CONCERNED ? " Not necessarily , naturalists say . Last year Garris reported a bumper crop of acorns , which scientists say may be one clue to this year 's scarcity . Virginia extension agent Adam Downing said acorn production runs in cycles , so a lean year is normal after a year with a big crop . "  It fits with the physiology of seed reproduction . The trees are exhausted , energy wise , from last year , " Downing said . But even he is surprised at the complete absence of nuts in parts of Virginia . "  There are plenty of acorns in most of the state , but zero acorns in some pockets , " he said . Downing said recovery from last year 's big crop , combined with a much wetter-than-usual spring , probably accounts for the acorn absence . Meteorologists say the Washington-Baltimore area saw about twice as much precipitation last May as normal . Kate McNamee , who runs a Washington-area , volunteer tree-planting project called "  Growing Native , " lends specific numbers to the acorn shortage . Her group collects hardwood seeds and plants trees to protect rivers and streams in the Potomac River watershed . "  Last year we collected 25,000 pounds of seeds , most from a bumper crop of acorns , " said McNamee . "  This year we only collected 10,000 pounds , and 90 percent of that was walnuts . " Even though this acorn shortage has not risen to the level of a crisis , scientists say it is important to watch closely . If the shortage continues for several years , other forces might be at work . iReport.com : Skillful squirrel raids bird feeder Garris said her observations got her thinking about other recent environmental issues . "  I had read about the collapse of the bee colonies , and it made me wonder , is something else going on here ? Could this be affecting other systems ? " At the Long Branch Nature Center , calls and e-mails have been pouring in from people who want to donate acorns they 've gathered in areas where they are plentiful . It 's also hard to think of acorns without thinking about squirrels . What happens to them when their favorite food disappears ? Some Eastern Seaboard residents have reported seeing skinny , aggressive squirrels devouring bird feed . "  Especially in the depths of winter , there 's not much else for the squirrels to eat . Some may switch their diet , many others probably wo n't make it , " said Abugattas . "  Squirrel and deer numbers will almost certainly go down . " But Doug Inkley , senior scientist at the National Wildlife Federation , said that wild animals can be resilient when their usual food sources go away . Inkley cited a blight that destroyed 3.5 billion American chestnuts from 1900-1940 , wiping out a common food source for squirrels , deer , mice and wild turkeys . But those animals adapted and survived , he said . Barbara Prescott , a wildlife rehabilitation expert , agreed that squirrels are not fussy about their diet . She suggested that residents leave whole  not crushed  corn , peanuts and sunflowers in the seed as backyard treats . John Rohm , wildlife biologist for Prince William , Loudoun , Fairfax , and Arlington counties in northern Virginia , has faith in the furry population . "  Animals are resourceful , " he said . "  If they 're hungry , they 're gon na find something to eat . " CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Naturalists are baffled this fall by a shortage of acorns in the eastern U.S. Residents in some areas report plenty of acorns , while others have seen none at all Acorn growth runs in cycles , so a lean year may be normal after last year 's big crop Some scientists fear the shortage will affect squirrel populations
CNN  -- Jennifer Lawrence gives everything her all -- even lip-syncing . The Oscar winning actress gave a showstopping performance in 2013 's "  American Hustle , " but there 's one scene that we 're just now getting to fully appreciate . In the David O. Russell dramedy , Lawrence plays Rosalyn Rosenfeld , a '70s housewife with a penchant for belting out the era 's hits while scrubbing down her home . In the movie , Lawrence sings along to Wings ' "  Live and Let Die " with such fervor it left us wishing she had a second career as a cover band frontwoman . But it gets even better : it turns out Lawrence also filmed a scene with Santana 's 1969 track "  Evil Ways " as the song of choice . The sequence did n't make it into the final film , but the DVD/Blu-ray , released on March 18 , includes extended outtakes like this one : Clearly , we 've been approaching housecleaning in the wrong way . It seems it 's best done with solo dancing and the most sincere lip-syncing this side of a pop star 's concert . Lawrence may have lost out on a best supporting actress Oscar for her "  American Hustle " role -- that went to Lupita Nyong ' o for "  12 Years A Slave " -- but she 's won the Internet with this performance .	Jennifer Lawrence gives a powerful performance in "  American Hustle " In a deleted scene , she was just as good lip-syncing Santana 's "  Evil Ways " The sequence is included in the DVD/Blu-ray version of the film
CNN  -- Was it a miracle ? Perhaps not . But Saturday 's much anticipated Olympic men 's hockey showdown between Russia and United States sure was one amazing game . And it was a long one , at that . After 60 minutes of regulation , then after five minutes of overtime , even after the three required shootout attempts for each team , the contest was still all tied up . T.J. Oshie finally broke the ice , notching his fourth goal in the shootout stage -- which happened to be all four of the Americans ' shootout goals -- to give his USA squad a 3-2 victory . "  My hands are a little tingling , my feet are tingling , " Oshie admitted afterward . "  It was pretty nerve-racking out there . " See game-winning goal His heroics , and that of U.S. goalie Jonathan Quick , capped a tight , hard-fought affair . There was n't as much at stake compared to the historic 1980 Winter Olympics game in Lake Placid , New York , between the underdog Americans and the Soviet Union  the closest thing to today 's Russians  . Mike Eruzione 's goal lifted the U.S. to victory , setting the stage for their gold medal win . And the loss hardly eliminates the host Russians , which entered the Sochi Games with high hopes , and high pressure , to take home gold . They still have a good shot to reach the quarterfinals , having one preliminary round victory under their belt and another game in this round -- against Slovakia -- to go . As Russian forward Ilya Kovalchuk said , "  Everything is OK . Nothing terrible has happened . " Kovalchuk , who once starred in the NHL but now plays in St. Petersburg in Russia 's professional league , even saw positives . "  We played good and showed our character by equalizing the game at the end , " he said , "  and now we will be getting ready for the future . " Still , the energy in the Bolshoy Ice Dome , the presence of Russian President Vladimir Putin and the intense attention worldwide all suggested that this was n't just any other game . It helped , too , that both squads are talented , played well and had legitimate shots at winning gold . A report by NHL.com described the sounds of air horns blasting through the arena in what was mostly a pro-Russian crowd . Russian flags and chants of "  Russ-ee-ya " echoed throughout , according to the report . "  It was loud , crazy , a circus-like environment , " NHL.com reported . "  It was the Olympics at their finest . " Russia grabbed an early lead , before the Americans responded with a pair of power play goals -- one in the second period , another in the third -- to jump ahead . Then Russia 's Pavel Datsyuk of the NHL 's Detroit Red Wings netted his second goal of the day to tie the score 2-2 . And with just under five minutes to go , Russia appeared to score a go-ahead goal on a blast . But after mulling it over , the referees called off this score because -- before the shot went in -- the net had moved off its moorings , barely . See controversial shot that was disallowed That set the stage for the five-minute overtime period and , after no one scored then , the shootout . The Americans were on the verge of winning until -- on Russia 's third chance -- Kovalchuk got one past Quick , who plays for the Los Angeles Kings . After that , things reset . Unlike in the NHL , where no player can have more than one shot in a shootout , the international rules allow for players  after the first three attempts by each side  to go again and again and again . Oshie -- whose day job is with the NHL 's St. Louis Blues -- did just that . He went five more times , beating Russian net minder Sergei Bobrovsky 's on three of those attempts . Bobrovsky , who also plays in the NHL for the Columbus Blue Jackets , was n't as positive afterward as his teammate , Kovalchuk . "  It was a shootout ; we wanted more , " the Russian goalie said . "  It is heartbreaking . " Oshie himself said he felt some pressure , " but then the puck hits your stick and you start skating . It 's just you and the goalie . I was fortunate enough to keep him guessing . " And afterward , Americans had no doubt what they think of Oshie . As one person said on Twitter : "  T.J. Oshie put his country on his back ! Unreal . " Showdown was physical and intense	Team USA beats Russia in a thrilling game , winning 3-2 in a shootout T.J. Oshie was the hero for the Americans , scoring on four shootout attempts "  My hands are a little tingling , my feet are tingling , " he says afterward The early round loss does not knock Russia from contention for gold
CNN  -- A U.S. district judge ordered New York City to pay $ 128 million in to firefighters who allege the city used an entrance exam that deliberately sought to keep African-Americans and Latino Americans off the force . The judge also ordered the FDNY to hire 293 black and Latino applicants . "  It has been in the city 's power to prevent or remedy the need for damages proceedings for a decade , and it has not done so , " U.S. District Judge Nicholas G. Garufis said in his ruling on the class action lawsuit . He called it the "  consequences of the city 's decision to ignore clear violations of federal law . " The federal government had sued the city  United States of America and Vulcan Society Inc. vs. City of New York  over fire department entrance exams they said discriminated against black and Latino applicants . A group of black firefighters alleged the city had intentionally discriminated against them , violating Title VII , the U.S. Constitution and state law . The lawsuit alleged that the exams had little to do with firefighting and instead focused on cognitive and reading skills . Because of the hereditary nature of the fire department , white candidates were recruited and supported throughout the application process by family or neighborhood contacts and whites consistently passed while minority candidates failed . "  There has been one persistent stain on the Fire Department 's record , " the lawsuit said . "  For decades , black and other minority firefighters have been severely underrepresented in the Department 's ranks . "  According to the most recent census data , black residents make up 25.6 % of New York City 's population ; when this case was filed in 2007 , black firefighters accounted for only 3.4 % of the Department 's force . In other words , in a city of over eight million people , and out of a force with 8,998 firefighters , there were only 303 black firefighters . "  This pattern of underrepresentation has remained essentially unchanged since at least the 1960s . While the city 's other uniformed services have made rapid progress integrating black members into their ranks , the Fire Department has stagnated and at times retrogressed . " Michael A. Cardozo , New York City 's corporation counsel , disputed the decision . "  We believe the court 's latest opinion is erroneous and , in any event , is the first step in a lengthy process . As the court itself noted , any damages the city ultimately must pay will be reduced by the amount each member of the class earned . When all the proceedings have been completed , the damages , if any , that the city will have to pay will be far less than $ 128 million , " he said . In court documents , the city said of the judge 's finding of bias : "  Under the Court 's faulty analysis , any rational jury would necessarily find that the City deliberately used facially neutral exams to suppress black employment even as it conducted a targeted multi-million-dollar minority recruitment campaign , enlisted Columbia University to study methods of maximizing FDNY diversity , increased the minority composition of its other uniformed services , engaged an expert with a mandate to design an improved exam , and devised a panoply of other devices to diversify the FDNY 's ranks " The lack of minorities in U.S. fire departments has been the focus of many lawsuits . The last available national figures , from the 2000 census , show 8.4 % of the nation 's firefighting forces to be black and 8.6 % to be Latino . Blacks are 12.2 % of the population ; Latinos are roughly 16 % . However , other big cities have made much faster progress at diversifying their ranks . More than half of the Philadelphia and Los Angeles fire departments members are black or Latino . Lawyers for the firefighters who sued said the decision would mean payments to black and Latino applicants to the New York Fire Department who were never hired or hired late from the 1999 and 2002 eligibility lists that resulted from exams given those years . Paul Washington , past president of the Vulcan Society , said : "  The Vulcan Society has been fighting for almost 75 years to open the doors of the Fire Department to black firefighters . This is a great victory for those who have been excluded from serving our city because of their race . We hope the FDNY moves quickly to welcome the 293 Black and Latino applicants who are entitled to be hired , and we look forward to serving with them . " CNN 's Javier Luque contributed to this report .	Judge ordered New York to pay nearly $ 128 million to firefighters Entrance exam designed to keep blacks and Latinos off the force , says lawsuit "  We believe the court 's latest opinion is erroneous , " says city 's counsel
CNN  -- China "  resolutely opposes " a planned trip by the Dalai Lama to Taiwan , the official Chinese news agency Xinhua reported Thursday , hours after Taiwan 's president announced the visit . The Dalai Lama 's visit to Taiwan could anger China , which accuses him of advocating independence for Tibet . Beijing opposes the visit "  in whatever form and capacity , " a spokesman for the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office said , according to Xinhua , which did not name the spokesman . "  Under the pretext of religion ,  the Dalai Lama  has all along been engaged in separatist activities , " he said . The Tibetan leader 's spokesman denied there was any political subtext to the visit . "  His holiness has received an invitation from several mayors inviting him to Taiwan . He has accepted for the sole purpose  of expressing  his condolences and to share his sorrow for Taiwan 's people , " Tenzin Taklha said , calling the visit "  completely ... non-political . " Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou said earlier Thursday that he had approved a visit by the Dalai Lama to pray for the victims of the typhoon-battered island . Ma made the announcement Thursday while visiting a school in the southern part of the country , a government spokesman said . The Dalai Lama has accepted the invitation , his spokesman Tenzin Taklha said . "  We are working on the details of his visit , which will take place soon , " he said . Watch a report on the Dalai Lama 's planned visit " Typhoon Morakot slammed into Taiwan on August 8 and unleashed floods , mudslides and misery . More than 400 people were killed . The visit of the Dalai Lama to Taiwan seemed certain to anger mainland China , which accuses both the Tibetan spiritual leader and the island nation of separatism . Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of advocating for Tibetan independence from China , and considers Taiwan to be a renegade province . Taiwan and the mainland are only now smoothing their relationship after years of animosity . Taiwan 's relations with China have improved under Ma , who has taken a more conciliatory approach than his predecessor . Then-Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian rejected China 's assertion that there is only "  One China " and Taiwan is an inalienable part of it . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Taiwan president allows visit by Dalai Lama NEW : Beijing opposes the visit "  in whatever form and capacity " Dalai to visit island to pray for victims of Typhoon Merakot Tibetan leader 's spokesman denied there was any political subtext to visit
Dubai , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Mourners buried a senior Hamas militant Friday after his recent death in Dubai -- a death Hamas calls an "  assassination . " Mahmoud al-Mabhouh died in Dubai on January 20 , said Izzat al Rishq , a Hamas member based in Syria . Al-Mabhouh was a founding member of the military wing of Hamas , which blamed Israel for his death . "  We hold the enemy responsible for the assassination of Mahmoud Mabhouh , " the militant wing said in an online statement . "  The enemy will not escape punishment . " It said Al-Mabhouh was responsible for capturing two Israeli soldiers during the first intifada and named the pair : Sgt. Avi Sasportas and Cpl. Ilan Saadon The Israeli Foreign Ministry said Sasportas was kidnapped on Feb. 16 , 1989 and shot to death . His body was found in May 1989 . The ministry said the same Hamas terror cell that kidnapped Sasportas abducted Saadon on May 3 , 1989 . Saadon 's body was discovered in 1996 . Government officials in Israel declined to comment on the militant wing 's statement . One official in Dubai told CNN that al-Mabhouh died of natural causes . But the Emirates News Agency said authorities determined that the man was killed and were working with Interpol to hunt down alleged perpetrators thought to be part of a "  criminal gang , " some of whom have European passports . Hamas said it is investigating the death and that it would publish details "  in a timely manner . " Al-Mabhouh 's brother , Fayek al-Mabhouh , said that preliminary results of Hamas ' investigation show he was killed by electrocution and strangulation with a piece of cloth . Fayek said his brother had survived other assassination attempts . The Emirates News Agency report quoted a security source saying the gang had been tracking the victim . Al-Mabhouh had lived in Syria for about 20 years . He traveled from Syria to Dubai on January 19 and died the next day , Hamas officials in Gaza said . It 's not clear why he traveled to Dubai , but Fayek al-Mabhouh said his brother arrived at a Dubai hotel in charge of the Hamas mission . His body was returned to Damascus on Thursday night and was buried after Friday prayers , Hamas officials in Gaza said . CNN 's Kevin Flower , Saad Abedine , Caroline Faraj , and Talal Abu Rahma contributed to this report	Mahmoud al-Mabhouh buried Friday after his death in Dubai on January 20 Hamas says al-Mabhouh was assassinated , blames Israel for death Official in Dubai told CNN that al-Mabhouh died of natural causes
CNN  -- Henry McCollum and Leon Brown walked out of prison free men Wednesday after DNA evidence implicated someone else in the rape and murder of a North Carolina child some 30 years ago . McCollum , 50 , was 19 at the time of his arrest . He was sentenced to death in 1984 and was North Carolina 's longest-serving death row inmate . His half-brother , Brown , who is four years younger than McCollum , was initially sentenced to death as well but later had it reduced to life in prison . "  Ai n't no anger in my heart . I forgive those people , " McCollum told reporters , CNN affiliate WRAL reported . "  I do n't like what they done to me and my brother because they took 30 years away from me for no reason , but I do n't hate them , " he said . WRAL reported that McCollum left Central Prison , in Raleigh , while Brown left Maury Correctional Institution in Greene County , North Carolina . The siblings were just teenagers when they were arrested in 1983 and charged with the rape and murder of 11-year-old Sabrina Buie in Red Springs , about 30 miles southeast of Fayetteville in rural Robeson County . Buie 's body was found in an area of Red Springs known as something of a "  lovers ' lane , " according to Joe Freeman Britt , the district attorney who prosecuted them in the '80s . The ground was littered with "  beer cans , condoms and cigarettes , " Britt said . It was one of those cigarette butts that ultimately set the men free . DNA found on a cigarette "  matched another individual named Roscoe Artis , a convicted rapist and murderer who lived less than 100 yards from where the victim 's body was found , " said a statement from McCollum 's and Brown 's attorneys . Artis is serving a life sentence in a North Carolina prison on a separate conviction . It was not immediately clear whether prosecutors would bring charges against him for Buie 's murder . CNN 's Kevin Conlon and Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	"  Ai n't no anger in my heart . I forgive those people , " says Henry McCollum DNA evidence frees both him and his half-brother , Leon Brown The brothers had been convicted in the rape , murder of an 11-year-old child
Furloughed workers , reduced combat readiness , shrunken naval operations and cuts to Air Force flying hours and weapons maintenance . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta listed those consequences as he provided a stark warning on Wednesday about the effects of impending budget cuts on the military unless Congress acts to avert them . The result , he said , would be "  the most serious readiness crisis " faced by the armed services in over a decade . Panetta 's address at Georgetown University , which he called "  hopefully one of my last speeches as secretary of defense , " included the first details of how the Pentagon would deal with the automatic spending cuts -- or sequestration in congressional jargon -- set to trigger March 1 across federal agencies . For the Pentagon , sequestration would mean almost $ 500 billion in cuts over 10 years . For 2013 alone , some $ 46 billion in reduced spending would result in "  a serious disruption in defense programs and a sharp decline in our military readiness , " Panetta said . Opinion : How to avoid job-killing budget cuts "  There are no good options " to deal with the situation , he continued , saying 46,000 department jobs would be at risk and more damaging measures in coming months could include : -- Furloughing as many as 800,000 civilian workers for up to 22 days ; -- Cutting back on Army training and maintenance , which would reduce readiness of combat brigades outside Afghanistan ; -- Shrinking naval operations ; and , -- Reducing Air Force flying hours and weapons systems maintenance . "  This is not a game . This is reality , " Panetta said , his voice rising . "  These steps would seriously damage a fragile American economy and they would degrade our ability to respond to crisis precisely at a time of rising instability across the globe . " His comments sought to increase pressure on Republicans and Democrats to reach agreement on deficit-reduction steps , thereby avoiding the across-the-board spending cuts of sequestration that were part of a 2011 deal that raised the federal debt ceiling . On Tuesday , President Barack Obama called for a short-term deal to put off the cuts so Congress could continue work on a permanent fix that provides desired reductions in the federal deficit . Obama made clear that he still wants a broader deficit-reduction agreement with Republicans that includes spending cuts , some entitlement reforms and increased revenue from eliminating some tax breaks . However , Obama said , with time running out before the sequestration cuts slash government spending and result in job losses and economic slowdown , Congress should pass a temporary fix that would allow time for further negotiations on a broader plan . By the numbers : Recent defense spending "  Compromise is a way to achieve it , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday , noting that Obama continued to offer proposals to cut spending and increase revenue that shifted to the middle from his original stances . However , House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , accused Obama and Democrats of avoiding needed spending cuts and trying to put off tough decisions instead of facing their responsibilities as elected leaders . Deficit reduction should focus on cutting government spending and must include savings from popular entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid , Boehner insisted on Wednesday . "  At some point , Washington has to deal with its spending problem , " he told reporters . "  I 've watched them kick this can down the road for 22 years . I 've had enough of it . It 's time to act . " Boehner also echoed Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky in opposing Obama 's call for including more tax revenue in the mix . Opinion : Republicans , be smart about defense cuts Also Wednesday , GOP legislators proposed $ 85 billion in reduced spending through attrition -- or not filling all vacated government jobs -- and freezing congressional pay as an alternative to the sequestration this year . They said the plan achieves the same amount of deficit reduction without more tax revenue sought by Obama and Democrats . The debate continues the ideological showdown between Republicans and Democrats over the size and role of government . Republicans driven by their conservative base want to reduce government and taxes to fund it , arguing that is the best way to grow the economy . Democrats promote a strong government safety net through entitlements and support programs that they say bolsters middle-class opportunity necessary for economic growth . Congress and the White House agreed to the sequestration cuts as part of the 2011 debt ceiling deal that ended a showdown over whether to increase the federal government 's borrowing limit to meet its obligations . The automatic spending cuts never were intended to become law , but instead were designed to be so unwieldy and overbearing that Congress would reach a broader deficit reduction deal to avoid them . Military pay in play in game of political poker Deep partisan divisions prevented such an agreement from happening in 2012 , an election year . Initially the cuts were to go into effect on January 2 , but the government delayed the impact of sequestration for the first two months of 2013 . In his speech , Panetta referred to what he described as "  partisan dysfunction in Congress " that he said threatens the quality of life and national security of the nation . Instead of making tough decisions to resolve problems , political leaders from both parties let issues become crises that require immediate but insufficient responses , he said . "  It 's the easy way out , " Panetta said , adding that there is a price to be paid for such an approach . "  You lose the trust of the American people , " he said . "  You create an aura of constant uncertainty that pervades every issue and gradually undermines the very credibility of the nation . " CNN Explains : Sequestration In another effort to stoke public alarm over the pending cuts , Carney told reporters that top defense contractors met at the White House with senior administration officials to discuss the impacts on their industry . According to Carney , those impacts would be overwhelmingly negative . "  It 's not just a parlor game here in Washington , " he said of the issue . "  These are real-world decisions that significantly affect the economy and the American people . " Obama said Tuesday that he still supports a broader deficit deal and made clear that revenue from tax reform measures previously agreed to by Republicans -- such as eliminating some loopholes to increase revenue for the government -- should be part of it . Boehner , however , reiterated the GOP call for replacing the sequester plan with spending cuts and reforms -- a reference to changes in entitlement programs . A last-second agreement in the previous Congress that passed in the first days of 2013 raised tax rates on top income earners as part of a limited deficit-reduction package . That measure followed weeks of tough negotiations involving Obama and Congress in which other steps to increase government revenue , such as eliminating some tax breaks for corporations , were considered but not included in the final deal . How our tribes cause gridlock in Congress Obama and Democrats now want such revenue-raising steps to be part of a package that would replace the mandated deficit reduction of the sequester cuts . McConnell expressed his opposition to such a move Tuesday , saying , "  The American people will not support more tax hikes in place of the meaningful spending reductions both parties already agreed to and the president signed into law . "	GOP legislators propose alternate spending cuts to sequestration Defense Secretary Panetta says political partisanship threatens U.S. stability "  This is not a game . This is reality , " Panetta says of reduced readiness The across-the-board cuts will take effect March 1 unless Congress acts
CNN  -- If you pressed Control-Alt-Delete to log on before reading this , Bill Gates says he 's sorry . The Microsoft founder says the triple-key login should have been made easier , Ã la Apple 's Macs , but that a designer insisted on the more complicated step . "  We could have had a single button . But the guy who did the IBM keyboard design did n't want to give us our single button , " Gates said Saturday during a question-and-answer session to launch a Harvard University fund-raising campaign . His comments have gained attention since a video of his Harvard Q&A was posted on YouTube on Tuesday . Smiling , Gates tried to follow through on the thought , noting it was a basic security feature . But he eventually surrendered to common sense . "  And so we had ... we programmed at a low level that you had to ... it was a mistake , " he said , throwing up his hands to laughter and applause from the crowd . Gates defended innovation on the earliest Microsoft software though . "  We did some clever stuff , " he said . "  We were able to experiment with a lot of stuff , but more on the software side than the hardware . " Long the first interface step for PC users , Control-Alt-Delete still exists in Windows 8 as a way of either locking the computer or accessing the control panel . While the system defaults to a log-in screen , users may tweak their settings to return to the old way of logging on to Windows . Sometimes informally called the "  three-fingered salute , " the login required users to use both hands and was intended to avoid accidental keystrokes from rebooting a computer . Engineer David Bradley , a designer on early IBM computers , said he invented the combination as a shortcut during development . "  I originally intended for it to be what we would now call an Easter egg -- just something we were using in development and it would n't be available elsewhere , " Bradley said while appearing on a 2011 panel that included Gates . "  But then  software publishers  found out about it . They were trying to figure out how to tell somebody to start up one of their programs , and they had the answer . Just put the diskette in , hit Control-Alt-Delete , and by magic your program starts . " He then tried to deflect what he perhaps wryly called "  credit " for its continued use . "  It was like a five-minute job in doing it . I did n't realize that I was going to create a cultural icon when I did it , " he said " ... I may have invented it , but I think Bill made it famous . " A tight-lipped Gates appears to force a smile in a video of the panel but does not respond . Gates attended Harvard until he left during his junior year to start Microsoft with Paul Allen in 1975 . While at Harvard , he lived down the hall from current Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer . Gates received an honorary degree in 2007 . Gates remains Microsoft 's chairman although he stopped full-time work at the company in 2008 . During Saturday 's session , Gates reflected on a variety of topics , from the philanthropy he 's made his life 's work since stepping back from an active role at Microsoft to his company 's relationship with Apple in the early days . That included helping keep what would become Microsoft 's fiercest rival afloat in the 1990s when it was foundering . "  In the Apple II era , we were kind of friendly competitors , " he said . "  We actually put more people on the Mac than Apple had . " When co-founder Steve Jobs returned to Apple in 1996 , "  he sort of says , ' I want this , this and this and I 'll give you this , this and this . ' ... We did the deal in three days , " Gates said . That included buying a 6 % share of Apple , which lawyers convinced Gates that Microsoft should n't keep for antitrust reasons . "  It would have been nice if we had , " he said .	Bill Gates : IBM designer insisted on triple-key login on PCs for security reasons But Gates says Control-Alt-Delete was a "  mistake " The designer credited with the shortcut has deflected responsibility Gates made comments at a recent Harvard University event
Beijing  CNN  -- Divining what is going in China 's opaque political world is like reading tea leaves : it may be interesting but it 's ultimately a futile exercise . The 18th Congress of the 82-million-member Chinese Communist Party , expected to happen in mid-October , will be a landmark event -- it will usher in a new generation of leaders to rule China for the next 10 years . Yet , little is known about what to expect . Some changes are imminent . Hu Jintao , the incumbent president and party general secretary , will step down and be replaced by Xi Jinping , the current vice president . Many members of the 25-member Politburo and the 371-member Central Committee are also expected to be replaced . These are the two policy-making bodies in the party 's pyramid organization . Who will compose the post-Hu leadership ? Speculation is rife . Who are the next generation of Chinese leaders ? As the congress approaches , political maneuvering has increased among various camps , and there have been a few surprises already . Last week , Ling Jihua , head of the party 's General Office , which runs the Leninist organization 's day-to-day affairs and oversees security of the top leaders , was abruptly "  reassigned " to the important but less powerful United Front department . Analysts say Ling , 55 , may still be chosen for the Politburo , but he is out of the running for the all-important Standing Committee -- the very highest decision-making body made up of a handful of key leaders . Bo Xilai and the politics of Chinese succession "  This is evidently a loss for Hu Jintao , " said Bonnie Glaser , senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies  CSIS  , a think tank based in Washington D.C. "  Ling Jihua was a Hu protégé . Who knows if it was related to the car crash ? " In the early morning on March 18 , Ling 's son , Ling Gu , 23 , was said to have smashed a black Ferrari into a concrete-wall on the side of Beijing 's Fourth Ring Road while driving at high speed . Disgraced Party chief looms large over China 's leadership Much was made of the incident in the media internationally , but much of this was rumor and speculation that CNN can not substantiate . Reports and discussions about it have been censored from the local media and Internet . Ling Gu may have survived the car crash but it seems to have damaged his father 's political career and dented the party 's reputation . "  It casts a negative light on corruption among party members and makes the public question the legitimacy of the officials ' source of wealth , " said Joseph Cheng , a professor at the City University of Hong Kong . "  It has tarnished the image of the leadership . " Did the car scandal benefit Xi at the expense of the outgoing Hu ? Other analysts actually credit President Hu for the move on Ling . "  The leadership is establishing a rule : your son misbehaves , you pay , " said Francesco Sisci , a long-time observer of Chinese politics . "  This move must have been approved by Hu and therefore it does not necessarily weaken him . " Ling has been replaced by Li Zhanshu , 62 , a provincial party chief who is known to be an ally of Hu and has previous ties with the vice president . Li , analysts say , may have been a compromise choice . According to Cheng , Xi has been smart to avoid clashes with the current leaders . "  What Xi needs to do now is to keep a clean slate and a low profile and figure out how to consolidate his power , " he explained . "  Everybody knows he is the presumptive new leader , so he only needs to be patient . " Xi also needs to stay above the factional fights . China 's leaders are widely seen as divided into two camps : that of retired president Jiang Zemin and that of President Hu . Former president and party chief , Jiang , retains residual influence even in retirement . The 86 year old has a network of allies in the party -- sometimes known as the "  Shanghai faction " after the former president 's time as Party leader in the city -- which he uses to influence policy and personnel decisions . Last summer Jiang was rumored to have died , but he has since made a rare public appearance looking frail but fairly healthy . Some China-watchers believe Jiang 's influence has waned , but others say he remains a player . "  He is still influential , " said Glaser . "  His Shanghai faction remains quite important and his people are in key positions . " Others say Hu 's camp , known as the Communist Youth League  CYL  faction , referring to the youth organization that Hu headed for years , will dominate the new leadership . "  The lineup of the Standing Committee and the full Politburo will show that the CYL remains the largest faction , " said Willy Lam , a China expert at the Chinese University of Hong Kong . "  The CYL is especially strong among the next tier of leaders , born in the 1960s , who will take over power in 2022 . " Lam said Hu is now in a good position to anoint one of his protégé , Hu Chunhua , as Xi 's presumptive successor in 2022 by getting him selected into the next Politburo . The younger Hu , 49 , is a provincial party chief who also headed the CYL . The official line is that the transition is now firmly locked in place , but it would not be China , or the Communist Party , if it were as straight-forward and predictable as that . "  My guess is that appointments can be changed up until the very last minute , " Sisci said . "  It was so ten years ago , it will even more so today . " Qixin Wang contributed to this report .	18th Congress of the 82-million-member Chinese Communist Party chooses new leadership President Hu Jintao will step down and likely be replaced by Vice President Xi Jinping Political maneuvering has increased among various camps as congress nears Two camps dominate : that of retired president Jiang Zemin and that of President Hu
SARASOTA , Florida  CNN  -- On a recent afternoon , Pamela Rinchich quietly recalled how her cancer doctor abruptly canceled an appointment . Rinchich owed $ 268 from a previous visit : She did n't have the money and the doctor refused to see her until she paid . Pamela Rinchich , with husband Jim , was diagnosed with cancer shortly after being laid off . "  I offered to do whatever I could , even work in the office to cover it , " said Rinchich , with tears in her eyes . Just a few months earlier , life was going great for Rinchich . She was planning a wedding with her fiancé , Jim , and she had a good job as a supervisor at the Honeywell plant in Sarasota , Florida . In February 2008 , she said , management called all the employees into the break room . "  We were told that our plant was closing , " she said . The jobs were moving to Mexico . One hundred twenty-five people were laid off . Rinchich , who had worked at the plant for more than 20 years , picked up her last paycheck just days before her wedding in March . She was upset but optimistic . She had a plan . She had been taking classes to be a dental assistant . She did n't think she was going to have a problem finding a job . "  The economy was n't as bad then . " Then , in late May , Rinchich found a lump in her breast . A mammogram confirmed the bad news : She had Stage 2 breast cancer . In early June , she underwent a full mastectomy and began chemotherapy . At first , Rinchich still was covered under Honeywell 's health insurance plan . But by September , she had to pay for her own health insurance . Rinchich is far from alone . She is one of the millions of people President Obama said he wants to help with his ambitious plan to reform health care . Meet another family caught in the squeeze On Thursday , Obama unveiled details of the federal budget for the next 10 years . Among other things , the budget calls for the creation of a $ 634 billion health care reserve fund . Among the fund 's goals are universal health care coverage and reducing growth in insurance premiums . Watch more on how Pamela Rinchich is coping " The president 's budget was unveiled just as the number of Americans who have lost their jobs -- and their employer-paid health insurance -- is growing . According to the U.S. Department of Labor , payroll employment has declined by 3.6 million since the start of the recession in December 2007 . In the last three months alone , more than 1.7 million jobs have evaporated . Experts say it 's hard to tell exactly how many people have no health insurance , but they have a rough idea . "  We are expecting about half the people who lost their jobs also lost their health insurance , " said John Shield , senior vice president of the Lewin Group , a health-care policy research and management consulting firm . "  Our nation is facing a serious problem , " said Christy Schmidt , senior director of policy at the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network . She said her organization saw between an increase of between 6 and 10 percent in the number of calls in December 2008 compared with December 2007 . Many of the calls , she said , come from people who have lost their health insurance because they also lost their job . Rinchich did have a bit of a safety net . She was eligible for COBRA , which allows employees who leave a company to be covered under the company 's health care plan for a year and a half . But the $ 368 she has to pay each month cuts deeply into her $ 900 monthly unemployment check . Rinchich 's story is not unique . A study released earlier this month by Families USA found the average national premium costs for family COBRA coverage consume 84 percent of average unemployment benefits . For individuals it 's about 30 percent . "  We need to get a grip on the issue , " said Kathleen Stoll , deputy executive director of Families USA . She is optimistic that the provision in Obama 's stimulus plan will help ease some of the strain . Under the new plan , she said , the federal government will pick up 65 percent of the cost of COBRA premiums . "  It 's great . It 's going to help a lot of folks , " said Stoll , but she also said it has some limitations . Among other things , to be eligible , you must have lost your job after August 31 , 2008 . Unfortunately , the Obama COBRA plan wo n't help Rinchich since she lost her job at the beginning of 2008 . She 's not sure how much longer she will be able to pay for COBRA and is working with a cancer nonprofit to see if she can get help . So far , she owes close to $ 20,000 . She cashed out her pension to pay her car note , mortgage and utility bills . "  But that 's all gone now , " she said . When she is feeling up to it , Rinchich looks for work as a dental assistant . She 's now cancer free , but has more surgeries ahead . "  I just try to keep a positive attitude , " she said , as she tries to figure out the next step .	For many Americans , job loss equals loss of health insurance In the last three months alone , more than 1.7 million jobs have evaporated Under the president 's new plan , the government will cover part of COBRA costs Many Americans will have to wait for more complete health care reform
CNN  -- Vienna , famous for its hundreds of museums , 2000 parks and of course its roasted coffee , is the best place on the planet to live , according to Mercer 's 2012 Quality of Living Index . This year 's latest accolade makes Vienna number one in the world for the fourth year in a row . The annual survey by the global human resources consulting firm points not just to Austria 's qualities but to much of the region 's virtues . Eight of the report 's top 10 cities are in Europe . Zurich is the world 's second most livable city while three German cities -- Munich , Dusseldorf and Frankfurt -- follow close behind . "  Overall , European cities continue to have high quality of living as a result of a combination of increased stability , rising living standards and advanced city infrastructures , " said Slagin Parakatil , Senior Researcher at Mercer . This is despite economic turmoil , political tension and high unemployment in some European countries . Australian , New Zealand and Canadian metropolises round out the top ten list . The world 's top 30 cities of the Mercer 2012 index 1 . Vienna , Austria 2 . Zurich , Switzerland 3 . Auckland , New Zealand 4 . Munich , Germany 5 . Vancouver , Canada 6 . DÃ 1/4 sseldorf , Germany 7 . Frankfurt , Germany 8 . Geneva , Switzerland 9 . Copenhagen , Denmark 10 . Bern , Switzerland 10 .  tie  Sydney , Australia 12 . Amsterdam , Netherlands 13 . Wellington , New Zealand 14 . Ottawa , Canada 15 . Toronto , Canada 16 . Berlin , Germany 17 . Hamburg , Germany 17 . Melbourne , Australia 19 . Luxembourg , Luxembourg 21 . Perth , Australia 22 . Brussels , Belgium 23 . Montreal , Canada 24 . Nuremberg , Germany 25 . Singapore , Singapore 26 . Canberra , Australia 27 . Stuttgart , Germany 28 . Honolulu , U.S. 29 . Adelaide , Australia 29 .  tie  Paris , France 29 .  tie  San Francisco , U.S. Mercer 's survey results are based on an analysis of local living conditions comprising 39 factors in 10 categories . Political considerations include government stability and crime rates . Economic factors take into account banking services and currency exchange laws . Health considerations include access to medical care and pollution levels . Transport , housing and recreation are also taken into account . City scores help multinational companies calculate compensation packages for the employees they dispatch overseas . A lower score often correlates into a better compensation package that includes hardship allowances , according to Mercer . Countries with unstable governments or undergoing civil strife tend usually have lower scores . Eight African cities dominate the bottom ten in this year 's survey . "  The ongoing turmoil in many countries across North Africa and the Middle East has led to serous security issues for locals and expatriates , " says Mercer 's Parakatil . "  Companies need to be able to proactively implement mitigation plans , such as emergency repatriation , or adjust expatriate compensation packages accordingly . " Around the word and on a regional basis , the cities that score the lowest are the following : 64 . Belfast , Northern Ireland  Western Europe 71 . Detroit , Michigan ,  United States 207 . Dushanbe , Tajikistan  Asia-Pacific 213 . Tbilisi , Georgia  Eastern Europe 219 . Port-au-Prince , Haiti  North Americas This year 's city with the worst quality of life ? Baghdad , Iraq at # 221 .	Austria 's capital Vienna was rated the best city to live by Mercer Eight out of the top 10 cities with highest quality of life are located in Europe The worst city to live of the 221 surveyed around the globe is Baghdad , Iraq The survey takes 39 factors , such as crime rates and medical care , into account
CNN  -- Microsoft had trouble solving the problems with its Vista operating system , so what are its chances of fixing climate change ? Burning issue : It 's not hip or sexy , but could greenhouse gas accounting be key to combatting climate change ? The global software firm has created an online tool called Project 2 Degrees for cities across the world to monitor their greenhouse gas  GHG  emissions and , the hope is , then do something about them . While Bill Gates ' company have tailored an online carbon accounting tool for cities , businesses are increasingly turning on to the benefits and need to track their own GHGs , opening up an area for enterprise software companies to provide the best tools for the job . "  A lot of companies are worried and interested in carbon accounting , but do n't necessarily feel an urgency to adopt it . But there is enough regulation in the pipeline , certainly in the U.S. , that makes it look real and coming in a couple of years , " said Scott Clavenna of Greentech Media . "  It will go from a niche of a couple of hundred companies using this kind of software right now to thousands . " The call for more carbon accounting does n't have any emotive ad campaigns or Hollywood celebrity-backing , instead it uses cold hard data to track emissions and empower those responsible to try and reduce them . Cities account for only 2 percent of the worlds land mass but produce up to 75 percent of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions , so became the focus for Project 2 Degrees that is a collaboration with software designers Autodesk and the Clinton Climate Initiative . "  This is a long journey for our governments , be they local or national , but we could have the biggest impact by working with local governments as they have the ability to measure what 's happening locally in terms of greenhouse gas emissions and to have an effect on the local economy and the local environment first , " Matt Miszewski , Microsoft 's general manager for Worldwide E-government , told CNN . Being one of the world 's richest and most profitable companies , Microsoft offers it 's online GHG accounting tool for free but says Miszewski , it goes further than that . "  We want to show how software can help solve some very difficult issues . A great deal of the importance of this project is to be able to share this information from city to city , region to region , " he said . The first cities that will be comparing their CO2 high scores come from the 56 cities associated with the inaptly named C40 group that is in partnership with the Clinton Climate Initiative . New York and Sydney were heavily involved in beta testing of Project 2 Degrees that started last year , and once more results are in it will be offered to around 1,000 other cities . "  It is eye opening to be able to chart actual emissions against targets to see the quantum of emissions reductions required . Typically these figures are not so readily accessed and this will be a major benefit of Project 2 Degrees , " a spokesperson for Sydney 's local government told CNN . Who accounts for what ? Even if the tool is working as well as possible , it seems more needs to be done by businesses and cities to accurately collect and measure GHG emissions . "  Higher level guidance should come in the form of advising what emissions to report and provision of data where possible , however each city needs to take responsibility for the emissions it creates , " a spokesperson for Sydney told CNN . Knowing what needs to be reported is a challenge that is being met . The World Resources Institute 's Greenhouse Gas Protocol is the most widely used international accounting tool for both governments and businesses , covering the six greenhouse gases covered by the Kyoto Protocol . "  The World Resources Institute has done a really good job in defining the protocols in the data gathering . What do you gather from where and how do you report it ? Now everyone is starting to compare apples to apples , " Clavenna told CNN . It could be a boom area for carbon accounting software developers . As well as numerous start-ups the big players including Microsoft 's non-altruistic arm and SAP have begun their own programs aimed at businesses . "  The stakes are high for enterprise software , " said Clavenna . "  The big players are not aggressively marketing yet , but getting ready to come out with a big product when their customers need it . " Over 200 companies are developing accounting software , according to research by Greentech Media , and over 3,000 businesses are using their products to track their GHG emissions . Big corporations including Dell , Xerox and Pfizer have all been early adopters stretching back to 2002 . Limited carbon emissions regulations , such as the EU Emissions Trading Scheme and at state level in the U.S. , are in place , and a number of international voluntary programs also exist . Yet most of the early-adopter businesses are responding to public pressure for them to be environmentally-aware and shareholder requests for their business to be greener . "  There have been some light triggers -- stakeholder requests , even in HR , young people asking for proof that their company is green . In a down economy a company can choose to put them aside or table them for a while , " said Clavenna . But more significant factors are on the horizon : "  The big triggers are a cap and trade regime , which -LSB- in the U.S. -RSB- would come through congress and set by the EPA who will say which companies need to report and what they need to report , " said Clavenna . A cap and trade program would mean thousands more companies would have to account for and report their GHG emissions as a market is created to trade excess CO2 . Strict accounting of emissions can also be a means to beat some corporate ` greenwashing ' , particularly in terms of companies making claims over their carbon footprints . Ultimately however it is about reducing those footprints and aiming to limit global warming to only 2 degrees Celsius . "  There is a market out there for software that manages cap and trade , both from an intergovernmental aspect and a commercial aspect . Copenhagen will be a tipping point for those kinds of activity to move forward world wide . These folks are going to have an increased responsibility , " said Miszewski .	Greenhouse gas emissions software designed to track and then reduce GHGs Microsoft developed online tool for cities ; many more designed for businesses Worldwide over 3,000 businesses use carbon accounting software ; number to rise Being able to quantify emissions will lead to more effective action say analysts
CNN  -- Julie Sculley got married in a hotel that looks like a castle . There was no way she was going to miss the ultimate royal fairy tale . The 37-year-old mother of one from Framingham , Massachusetts , took the day off work Friday to watch Prince William and Catherine Middleton tie the knot . Like so many wedding fans and Anglophiles -- you know who you are -- she was up before dawn , camped on the living room couch , watching the bride make the magical transition from mere commoner to Duchess of Cambridge . And yes , she may have shed a tear or two . "  The anticipation kind of catapulted me into this somewhat weepy state , " she admitted after a bit of prodding . By all accounts , Sculley was in good company . Countless Americans from coast to coast woke unusually early to mark the day . Some attended royal wedding parties complete with tea , scones and , in a few cases , clipped British accents . "  There 's something about William and Catherine , " Sculley said . "  It 's so romantic , and I love all the tradition . It 's just not something you get to see every day . " Down South in Atlanta , Sally Gachunji rose at 4 a.m. ET to ensure that she did not miss a thing , from the wedding dress to the bride 's long walk down the aisle at Westminster Abbey . "  I 'm actually on a conference call with some pals . Oh , my God , did you see those hats ? " she said breathlessly . "  I can not miss it . This is history . It is an opportunity to watch a modern-day fairy tale . " Across town , Christy George , 41 , gathered with a group of friends -- nicknamed the duchesses -- in the Atlanta suburb of Marietta . The duchesses , decked out in frocks and fancy hats , munched on petite cucumber sandwiches as they waited for the royal couple 's first public kiss . "  It 's sort of like a fairy tale , an escape from ordinary life for a while , " said George , with a light purple hat adorned with a flower perched on her head . Americans , who once fought a war to escape the rule of a British monarch , are fascinated by royalty , she said . "  The whole country is enamored because we do n't have that here . ... I remember watching Princess Diana 's wedding as well , " George said . Events at George 's gathering included a hat-making contest , with the winner getting a replica of Princess Diana 's ring . Royal fans say it is easy to relate to Catherine and her princely husband . Catherine "  is a commoner who fell in love with a prince , and for a romantic like me , that 's huge , " Gachunji said as she sipped a cup of tea . To spice up her viewing experience , the 32-year-old spoke to her friends in a British accent , using words such as "  cheerio " for goodbye . In Tennessee , Dena Oneal woke at dawn but had to persuade her family to part with the remote . "  My husband and two sons did not want to watch it at first , but it 's a once-in-a-lifetime event , " the Murfreesboro resident said . "  Just seeing the ceremonial aspect of having royalty , the carriage , the hats , the ornamental aspects -- it turned out to be a royalty learning experience for them . " Lise Caldwell , a 37-year-old freelance writer from Indiana , set her alarm for 4:45 a.m. On Thursday night , she went over to a friend 's house to make scones . The two had them during the wedding , with cream and jam . "  I was a little girl when Charles and Diana got married , " she recalled . "  I was absolutely obsessed with it . ... I wanted to see their son get married . " "  I 'm a grown woman , " she said . "  I have a sense that it 's a little bit ridiculous to get up and watch someone else 's wedding but it 's fun . " Jennifer Slocumb , a resident of Roswell , Georgia , said the pomp and circumstance of Friday 's pageantry were welcome distractions from the news at home . "  We do n't have exposure to the politics or costs of it , " she said . "  We just see a handsome man and beautiful woman all dressed up . " A number of festivities were held nationwide Friday as businesses capitalized on the wedding . The Ritz-Carlton Hotel in the Washington neighborhood of Georgetown was hosting a royal viewing party with accommodations the night before . The package , which was not exactly free , included cocktails named after the couple and engraved champagne flutes . And of course , a modern fairy tale is not complete without a technology twist : The hotel allowed guests to use its iPad interactive feature to add to the viewing experience . In New York , venues such as Trinity Church touted royal ties with wedding screening . The gothic Anglican church got its charter from England 's King William III in 1697 . On the West Coast , Madame Tussauds Hollywood was hosting an "  all-nighter " viewing . The Los Angeles facility , which features a museum for celebrity wax figures , displayed the broadcast of the royal wedding live starting at 1 a.m. local time . Its broadcast featured special guest appearances by singer Elton John and soccer star David Beckham -- in the form of their $ 300,000 wax likenesses . "  It 's a once in a lifetime chance to experience history , " Madame Tussauds said in a statement . The real Beckham and John attended the wedding in London . Scores joined the viewing on televisions worldwide , with British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt predicting that the ceremony would be seen by an estimated 2 billion people . In the United Kingdom , crowds held street parties amid tight security following threats by Muslim radicals , anarchists and anti-royalists . Royal fever , however , may not quite so widespread in Britain . Just under half of British respondents to a recent poll said they were planning to watch it on television , and 56 % said they were not interested . Back across the pond , there was a price to be paid for the royal devotion . "  I might take a nap later today , " said Sculley , who was up at 4:15 a.m. "  I 'm a bit tired . " CNN 's David Ariosto and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Americans wake before dawn to watch the ceremony "  It 's an opportunity to watch a modern fairy tale , " an Atlanta resident says Churches , bars and hotels host viewing parties Festivities are going on nationwide as businesses capitalize on the wedding
North Korea said Tuesday that it had promoted a little-known general to a key military rank , a day after it announced that it had relieved its army chief of all his government posts . The secretive state 's top two military commissions have decided to give the title of vice marshal to Hyon Yong Chol , according to a report by the state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . The KCNA report did not say whether Hyon will replace Ri Yong Ho , the departed army chief . Ri held the title of vice marshal along with other military and party posts before his removal . North Korea said Monday that it was relieving Ri from all his posts due to an unspecified illness . The news prompted speculation among analysts that there might be a power struggle between North Korea 's powerful military and civilian elite . Kim Jong Un became "  supreme leader " of North Korea after the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , in December . Ri -- who was appointed army chief in February 2009 , according to KCNA -- was considered one of Kim Jong Un 's closest aides during and after his rise to power . There are several other vice marshals in North Korea at the moment . Those holding the title are considered to be eligible for key posts in the upper echelons of the ruling Workers ' Party of Korea . Not much is known about Hyon , but his promotion is probably the work of Kim Jong Un 's uncle , Jang Song Taek , an influential figure behind Kim 's rise , according to Park Soo-geun , a former commander of the South Korean Defense Intelligence Command . "  He was promoted in 2010 to the rank equivalent to that of four-star general together with Kim Jong Un , " Park said of Hyon . "  But being promoted to vice marshal means he will now show off his power at the political stage , " Park , a retired South Korean major general , added . Andrei Lankov , a professor at Kookmin University in South Korea , agreed with Park 's assessment . "  This follows a pattern we have seen since at least last March , " Lankov said . "  People who can be described as the Jang Song Taek group are taking the upper hand . It seems Jang Song Taek may be removing people who might constitute a threat to him . " If so , this may be the the first purge under the leadership of Kim Jong Un , Lankov said . "  Not necessarily a bloody one but the first case of a person of great political significance being removed , " Lankov said . Korea observers may soon find out what 's happening inside the secretive nation , said Han Park , a professor of international affairs at the University of Georgia and director of the school 's Center for the Study of Global Issues . "  If it is a power struggle of that nature , we will see some ensuing changes in top personnel , " he said . "  Unless we see that ,  Ri 's stepping down  is really for personal reasons , such as illness . " Park said he saw Ri in April at a banquet in Pyongyang celebrating the 100th anniversary of the birth of the nation 's founder , Kim Il Sung . "  He did n't appear to be a very healthy person , " Park said . "  His kind of color is a little dark , and it did n't appear to be very healthy . " Still , he said , he was "  shocked " when he heard the news that Ri had been removed from his posts . "  He 's a very formidable person there , " Park said .	Removal could be evidence of first leadership purge under new leader , analyst says Pyongyang chooses a new vice marshal a day after removing its army chief State media does n't say whether Hyon Yong Chol replaces the army chief The promotion is probably the work of Kim Jong Un 's uncle , an expert says
CNN  -- The head of the U.N. Children 's Fund has expressed concern over a Saudi judge 's refusal for a second time to annul a marriage between an 8-year-old girl and a 47-year-old man . UNICEF 's Ann Veneman said consent can not be free if either party is too young to make an informed decision . "  Irrespective of circumstances or the legal framework , the marriage of a child is a violation of that child 's rights , " said Ann Veneman , executive director of UNICEF . "  The right to free and full consent to marriage is recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . Consent can not be free and full when either party to a marriage is too young to make an informed decision . " The most recent ruling , in which the judge upheld his original verdict , was handed down Saturday in the Saudi city of Onaiza , where late last year the same judge rejected a petition from the girl 's mother , seeking a divorce for her daughter . Have your say by clicking here A relative said the judge , Sheikh Habib al-Habib , "  stuck by his earlier verdict and insisted that the girl could petition the court for a divorce once she reached puberty . " The family member , who requested anonymity , added that the mother will continue to pursue a divorce for her daughter . The case , which has drawn criticism from local and international rights groups , came to light in December when al-Habib declined to annul the marriage on a legal technicality . The judge ruled that the girl 's mother -- who is separated from her father -- was not the girl 's legal guardian and therefore could not represent her in court , Abdullah al-Jutaili , the mother 's attorney , told CNN at the time . The girl 's father , according to the lawyer , arranged the marriage in order to settle his debts with the man , who is a close friend of his . At the time of the initial verdict , the judge required the girl 's husband to sign a pledge that he would not have sex with her until she reaches puberty , al-Jutaili told CNN . The judge ruled that when the girl reaches puberty , she will have the right to request a divorce by filing a petition with the court , the lawyer said . Last month , an appeals court in the Saudi capital of Riyadh declined to certify the original ruling , in essence rejecting al-Habib 's verdict , and sent the case back to him for reconsideration . Under the complicated Saudi legal process , the appeals court ruling meant that the marriage was still in effect , but that a challenge to the marriage was still ongoing . The appeals court in Riyadh will now take up the case again and a hearing is scheduled for next month , according to the relative . The issue of child marriage has been a hot-button topic in the deeply conservative kingdom recently . While rights groups have petitioned the government for laws to protect children from such marriages , the kingdom 's top cleric has said that it 's OK for girls as young as 10 to wed. . "  It is incorrect to say that it 's not permitted to marry off girls who are 15 and younger , " Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al-Sheikh , the kingdom 's grand mufti , said in remarks last January , according to the regional Al-Hayat newspaper . "  A girl aged 10 or 12 can be married . Those who think she 's too young are wrong , and they are being unfair to her . " Al-Sheikh reportedly made the remarks when he was asked during a lecture about parents forcing their underage daughters to marry . "  We hear a lot in the media about the marriage of underage girls , " he said , according to the newspaper . "  We should know that sharia law has not brought injustice to women . " Sharia law is Islamic law . Saudi Arabia follows a strict interpretation of Islam called Wahhabism . CNN was unable to reach government officials for comment . Christoph Wilcke , a Saudi Arabia researcher for Human Rights Watch , told CNN in December that his organization has heard of many other cases of child marriages . "  We 've been hearing about these types of cases once every four or five months because the Saudi public is now able to express this kind of anger -- especially so when girls are traded off to older men , " Wilcke said . Wilcke said that although Saudi ministries might make decisions designed to protect children , "  It is still the religious establishment that holds sway in the courts , and in many realms beyond the court . " In December , Zuhair al-Harithi , a spokesman for the Saudi government-run Human Rights Commission , said his organization is fighting against child marriages . "  The Human Rights Commission opposes child marriages in Saudi Arabia , " al-Harithi said . "  Child marriages violate international agreements that have been signed by Saudi Arabia and should not be allowed . " He added that his organization has been able to intervene and stop at least one child marriage from taking place . Wajeha al-Huwaider , co-founder of the Society of Defending Women 's Rights in Saudi Arabia , told CNN that achieving human rights in the kingdom means standing against those who want to "  keep us backward and in the dark ages . " She said the marriages cause girls to "  lose their sense of security and safety . Also , it destroys their feeling of being loved and nurtured . It causes them a lifetime of psychological problems and severe depression . "	UNICEF : Marriage of a child is a violation of that child 's rights Judge said girl could petition "  once she reaches puberty , " relative tells CNN Girl 's father arranged her marriage to a 47-year-old to settle debts , lawyer says Girl 's mother says she will continue to seek daughter 's divorce
More than a week after results declared his defeat , the tea party-backed candidate in Mississippi 's GOP primary for the U.S. Senate notified Sen. Thad Cochran on Thursday that he plans to challenge the outcome . State Sen. Chris McDaniel 's campaign served papers to Cochran 's son , Clayton , with notice of intent to challenge the results , citing allegations of improper crossover voting , according to the Clarion-Ledger of Mississippi . McDaniel 's team had dispatched volunteers across the state to investigate election results in the state 's 82 counties . An outside group has already filed a lawsuit in federal court . McDaniel 's campaign has retained a legal team and is urging supporters to donate to the campaign legal fund . The challenge was filed with the state Republican Party executive committee , as required by law , the Clarion-Ledger reported , and an official court challenge could come as early as next week . Campaign staffers and 150 volunteers have already combed through voting records in 51 counties and claim to have identified nearly 5,000 "  irregularities , " which are mostly tied to people who were ineligible to vote in the state 's June 24 runoff election , McDaniel campaign spokesman Noel Fritsch said . The McDaniel campaign announced earlier Thursday that it is offering 15 rewards of $ 1,000 each for individuals who "  provide evidence leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in voter fraud . " Donations to the campaign 's legal coffers will help fund the rewards . McDaniel supporters called foul after Cochran 's campaign and allies turned to African-Americans and other traditionally Democratic voters to help push the incumbent to victory in the primary runoff . Cochran had finished about 1,500 votes short of McDaniel in the primary three weeks earlier , but a third candidate kept McDaniel under the 50 % threshold needed to win outright . Winning strategy likely to stay in Mississippi Voters who cast a ballot in the Democratic primary on June 3 were not allowed to vote in the Republican primary runoff last week . Predicting ineligible votes , conservative groups hired former Justice Department official Christian Adams to train and oversee election observers to monitor polls and note questionable voter activity . Adams declined to comment for this story and deferred to the groups he is working with , like FreedomWorks , which he said he may represent in a potential legal challenge . FreedomWorks Executive Vice President Adam Brandon said the group 's activists have been helping the McDaniel campaign review election results and will support the campaign if it moves forward with its intent to challenge -- which could come as soon as early next week . Mississippi primary spending surge pushes advertisers off the air "  We 'll ask some of our members to raise the necessary funds to fund such a challenge , and we 're standing by and ready to go , period , " Brandon said . "  It 's now up to the folks in Mississippi to figure out what the next steps are . " Challenger 's camp : ` irregularities ' growing The number of inadmissible votes the McDaniel camp said it discovered jumped from about 3,300 to nearly 5,000 on Wednesday after the campaign reviewed records in a dozen more counties . The irregularities fall short of Cochran 's nearly 7,000-vote margin of victory , but McDaniel 's campaign is confident it will hit that number after reviewing the results from the remaining third of Mississippi counties . Shortly before a bizarre turn of events Wednesday when McDaniel supporters crashed a Cochran conference call with reporters , Cochran campaign spokesman Austin Barbour called out the McDaniel camp for drawing out a divisive primary battle . "  I just think the time has come now for the McDaniel campaign to put up or shut up , " Barbour said at a news conference Wednesday and later that Fritsch criticized Barbour 's remarks in an interview with CNN and said he hopes those are not the views of the Cochran campaign . "  I find it troublesome that Austin Barbour would call for a movement being led by the people , which is in the pursuit of truth and in the pursuit of the maintenance of electoral integrity , to shut up , " Fritsch said . Fewer wins this time , but tea party has changed the GOP The McDaniel campaign can only file a formal complaint after the state GOP sends certified election results to the Mississippi secretary of state , according to the state party 's communications director , Bobby Morgan . The Mississippi Republican Party 's executive committee and representatives from both campaigns met Tuesday , but the committee did not certify election results , Morgan said , adding that just over half of the counties had so far submitted their results . Morgan said the state party has followed the law throughout the election . "  We 're looking forward to the fall campaign . We want to resolve this as soon as possible , " he said . "  Republicans have a real legitimate chance to retake the Senate and we want to do all we can to make sure the  Mississippi  seat remains in Republican hands . " Group says requests to view records was denied True the Vote , a conservative group , filed a lawsuit Tuesday in federal court against the Mississippi secretary of state and the executive committee of the state 's Republican Party , after it analyzed electoral turnout and other data and was "  inundated " with reports of election violations . The lawsuit alleges that voters not authorized to vote in the primary runoff may have "  diluted " the votes of legitimate Republican voters . It demands that state election officials open up the books and defer to federal law over state statutes in disclosing election records . The group said it became suspicious after turnout rates shot up in certain precincts and its requests to view records were denied . "  We are not approaching it from a belief of who should have won the race . Let 's find out what the actual final score was , and which points were legitimate and which were not on either side , " said Carl Logan , True the Vote 's communications director . "  At the end of the day we do n't care who wins or loses . " Logan explained that the group gathered complaints from Mississippi voters who said they observed violations of election law . One voter complained in an e-mail to Logan that he was not asked for photo identification when he went to vote , which was required for the first time this election under Mississippi law . "  He was concerned that he could not have been the only one not to show an ID in the primary runoff , " Logan said . He added that True the Vote will encourage voters with complaints to contact their local election officials . State party says group misunderstands the law The nonprofit 's lawsuit was joined by 13 Mississippi voters , several of whom are affiliated with the tea party . They claim that election officials denied some of their requests to view voting records or demanded "  exorbitant fees , " Logan said . Joe Nosef , the chairman of the Mississippi Republican Party , said in a statement that True the Vote 's lawsuit is based on a "  misunderstanding of both Mississippi law " and the state party 's role in the election . "  Since these allegations do not include anything the MSGOP did or is doing wrong , we will ask to be released from this lawsuit soon , " Nosef said . The lawsuit asks for full access to unredacted Mississippi election records for the Republican primary -- which would include voters ' birth dates and Social Security numbers -- to allow True the Vote to accurately verify whether illegal ballots were counted . Justin Levitt , a professor at Loyola Law School , Los Angeles , and an expert in national election law , said he believes a thorough review of election records will reveal fewer illegal votes than skeptics of the runoff claim . Levitt said that partial election records , like those reviewed by True the Vote and McDaniel supporters , can often overstate voter fraud , which is later revealed as clerical error or due to voters with identical names and birth dates -- which Levitt said is actually very common . "  It 's always difficult to predict what is going to happen , " Levitt said . "  They can give more or less of a thumbs up or down on each of the lawsuit 's claims . " While the group may gain access to more election records through the lawsuit , Mississippi College law professor Matthew Steffey said it is unlikely the review of records will lead to a new election . "  I do n't think showing that 1 to 2 % of the electorate had some irregularity is enough , " Steffey said . "  If it were easy to get courts to order a new election , we would have had a new vote in Florida " during the challenge to the presidential election results in 2000 . Mississippi has no provisions for election recounts . 5 controversial moments in the Mississippi election Mississippi tea party leader tied to campaign smear dead in apparent suicide	McDaniel campaign serves papers to Cochran with intent to challenge The campaign says it found nearly 5,000 "  irregularities " in primary voting records McDaniel supporters call foul after Cochran 's campaign turns to Democratic voters Conservative group files a lawsuit asking for full access to GOP primary voting records
CNN  -- Sometimes a filmmaker makes a documentary to have an impact on a national issue , and the finished product impacts him in profound and lasting ways as well . This is what happened to Jose Antonio Vargas . The 33-year-old Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist has written and directed a powerful film about the immigration debate , a broken system , the separation of families and his own life story . "  Documented " airs Sunday , June 29 at 9 p.m. ET on CNN . Vargas became "  undocumented " without his consent . When he was 12 years old , his grandfather brought him to the United States from the Philippines illegally so that he could have a better life . The young man was n't privy to the scam until , at 16 , he went to the Department of Motor Vehicles for a driver 's license and his permanent residency card was rejected as bogus . From there it was one lie after another as Vargas went to college and then in pursuit of a career . His grandfather may have started the fraud , but the young man became an accomplice . "  His lies became my lies , " Vargas told me , in recalling his grandfather . "  I claimed to be a citizen to get a job . " Vargas : Undocumented and hiding in plain sight In fact , Vargas got a whole string of jobs , writing for the San Francisco Chronicle , the Philadelphia Daily News , the Huffington Post and the Washington Post . In June 2011 , in a 4,600-word essay for the New York Times Magazine , he came out as an illegal immigrant . Since 2012 , Vargas and the nonprofit organization he founded called "  Define American " have been battling the "  i-word . " They pressure newspapers and media companies not to use the phrase "  illegal immigrant . " As someone who has championed the rights of immigrants -- both legal and illegal -- since the early 1990s , against Republicans and Democrats alike , I have n't felt the need to fall in line . Besides , many liberals who say "  undocumented " ignore the fact that President Barack Obama has deported 2 million whatever-you-call-them . That 's phony progressivism . Judge : Immigration courts dealing with death penalty cases in traffic court setting Today , unable to work for a payroll check without a Social Security number , he supports himself through freelance writing and paid speeches , performing more than 200 speaking engagements in 45 states in the last three years . Vargas learns as much from his audiences as they learn from him . Not all of it is positive . "  The level of misinformation is shocking , " Vargas said . "  I knew it was bad but I did n't know it was that bad . People do n't know we pay taxes , that many of us have been here for more than 10 years , that it is not a border issue , that this is not just a Latino and Mexican issue . They do n't know a lot . " Vargas is disillusioned with President Obama 's refusal to use executive power to stop deportations , especially since the immigration debate is going nowhere . This week , Illinois Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez , the leading champion for immigration reform in Congress , declared it a lost cause for the rest of the year and said that he would focus on pressuring Obama to use executive power . "  There is no intellectual honesty and no sense of moral urgency , " Vargas said about the immigration debate . More than 20 years ago , the plan was for Vargas ' mother to follow him . But she could n't get out . And he has spent most of his life trying to overcome a sense of maternal abandonment . Still , as we see in the film , the bond between a mother and her child is more powerful than borders . We get the impression that the first thing Vargas would do if his status were ever regularized would be to board a plane to Manila to see the woman who amputated a part of herself so that her son could have a life with more hope and less misery . ' I did n't know I was undocumented ' The timing of the film is perfect . Today , as tens of thousands of children stream across the U.S.-Mexico border into the Southwest from Central America -- children who , if the Department of Health and Human Services gets its way , could be coming soon to a relocation center near you -- many Americans wonder how it is that parents could send their children off alone on a dangerous journey toward an uncertain future . A Jewish friend , sympathetic to the parents , reminds me that at least now the kids have a future . It 's been done before , he said , during the Holocaust when parents snuck their kids out of Europe . People were willing to never see their children again , as long as the little ones were delivered from evil . Vargas reminds us all that -- far from being some sort of aberrant behavior -- it 's what we would expect parents to do . "  I think of my mom , who to me , represents all the parents of the undocumented , who make the sacrifice to get a better life for their kids , " he said . "  When I was a kid , and really until my mid-20 's , I suffered from depression and I made the mistake of blaming my mother for not coming with me . " Now Vargas understands that his mother acted out of love . After all that he 's been through , he also understands -- better than most Americans -- the intricacies of the immigration issue . And thanks to this indispensable film , so can the rest of us .	The film "  Documented " airs on Sunday , June 29 at 9 p.m. ET on CNN Ruben Navarrette : It 's about Jose Antonio Vargas , an undocumented journalist He says the film shows that our immigration system is broken and needs to be fixed Navarrette : We need immigration reform , or we 'll keep seeing families torn apart
CNN  -- After nearly 15 months being held captive by suspected Islamic militants in the southern Philippines , Warren Rodwell is emaciated , exhausted but delighted to be free at last . Philippine authorities found Rodwell , a 54-year-old Australian , early Saturday in the port city of Pagadian on the island of Mindanao . He had been taken hostage in December 2011 , when armed men showed up at the residence where he and his Filipina wife lived on Mindanao . His captors , believed to be part of the Islamic extremist group Abu Sayyaf , demanded a ransom of $ 2 million , a sum the Australian government refused to pay . As his detention dragged on , his family and officials in Australia and the Philippines continued to work to try to secure his release . Their efforts paid off when a Philippine port employee reportedly spotted a sodden and mud-flecked Rodwell trudging ashore in Pagadian before daybreak on Saturday . Appearing gaunt with sunken cheeks and spindly limbs in photos and videos after his release , Rodwell is now receiving medical treatment . He was expected to be reunited with his brother and sister , who are in the Philippines . Relief for the family "  We 're happy and relieved that Warren has finally been released , " his sister Denise Cappello said at a news briefing in Manila on Monday . "  I 'm sure you will understand that this has been a very difficult and exhausting ordeal for Warren , " his brother Wayne Rodwell said at the same briefing . "  It has also been a difficult time for his family . " "  He is delighted to be free , " he said . "  He has , however , lost a lot of weight and is exhausted . He will need special medical support as well as time and space to recover . " Reports in the Australian and Philippine news media suggested that Rodwell 's family had paid a ransom worth nearly $ 100,000 in return for his release . His brother and sister declined to field questions at the news conference in Manila . The Philippine government on Sunday said that its policy is not to pay ransoms for victims of kidnappings , the official Philippines News Agency reported . "  Having said that , we have no information or confirmation on that alleged ransom that was paid , " Deputy Presidential Spokesperson Abigail Valte said . A separatist group Abu Sayyaf , which wants to establish a separate state for the Philippines ' minority Muslim population , has been blamed for several terrorist attacks , including the bombing of a ferry in 2004 that left about 130 people dead , as well as previous kidnappings . Although the Philippine government agreed a preliminary peace deal last year with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , a leading rebel group in the country 's restive south , some extremists are still active . "  We wish the Philippine police every success in tracking down the group that took Warren from his home , " Cappello said . "  We hope they will be brought to justice , so others do n't have to experience what Warren has just been through , " she added . The Australian government welcomed Rodwell 's release over the weekend , paying tribute to the Philippine government agencies that try to tackle kidnapping cases . Prime Minister Julia Gillard also acknowledged what his relatives had gone through . "  Mr. Rodwell 's family have shown a great deal of courage and stoicism in what has been a tremendously difficult situation , " she said .	Warren Rodwell was taken hostage in December 2011 He was released early Saturday , coming ashore in a Philippine port His captors were believed to be the Islamic militant group Abu Sayyaf His family express relief after "  a very difficult time "
CNN  -- When Mississippi attorney Tim Holleman was approached by furious community officials in Gulfport to stop BP and its contractor from dumping tar balls and oil-stained byproducts into a local landfill , he sent out an e-mail asking if there were alternatives to deal with the waste . At least five companies replied , offering possible ways to reuse or recycle the oily waste -- an option that BP has yet to implement in its cleanup efforts of what scientists now say is the largest accidental release of oil into water in history . Instead , tar balls , oily sand and vegetation , and soiled gloves and suits from the thousands of temporary BP workers who 've been working to clean up beaches along the Gulf of Mexico are being dumped in landfills along the Gulf Coast . BP has collected close to 40,000 tons of "  oily solid " waste from the cleanup activities . All the dumping has sparked enough consternation among the community in Harrison County , Mississippi , where the Pecan Grove Landfill is based , that the board of supervisors there even passed a resolution this summer not to accept BP waste . Residents there worried that the estimated 1,200 tons of oil-tainted byproducts dumped at the landfill would contaminate its soil and water . "  We 're left to deal with it 15 , 20 years later if and when this landfill has a problem . BP is long gone , and we 're stuck with the problem . Nobody is going to say I 'm sorry , " Holleman said . But if the solid waste is not dumped , where can it go ? Waste Oil Collectors Inc. of Gautier , Mississippi , was among those who wrote back to Holleman , describing a process in which the oil waste can be shredded into uniform bits and then heated to 2,500 degrees in a kiln . That recovers energy from the waste and breaks it down into mineral components , some of which can be used in asphalt . Another local engineering firm proposed the use of a sand agitator , which "  cooks " and separates sand from the tar balls collected on beaches . The two products are then further processed , turning the emulsion into a recycled sand product that can be returned to the beach , while the oil product can be accumulated , sold and reused . Bobby Knesal , owner of the firm , is partnering with several other companies and hopes to bring the agitator to the Gulf Coast . "  This is a technology that 's not new to the oil industry , " he said . "  It 's what they do every day , but they 've never done it on a volume of a sand beach . " Knesal said he is waiting for state environmental officials to tell him to what extent he must treat the processed sand before it can be returned to the beaches . Others say their products have been tried and tested and are good to go . Russell Markesberry , president of Hydra-tone Chemicals , also got in touch with Holleman and proposed the use of a coconut oil-based detergent that can be sprayed to clean booms or oil washed ashore on beaches and marshes . The organic compounds in the detergent bond with the oil and form a biodiesel fuel that can be resold , he said . The rest of the detergent combines with seawater and can be drained into an industrial waste treatment plant , where it biodegrades in a month . Booms can then be redeployed . Holleman said he has forwarded the proposals to representatives from BP and from Waste Management , the Mississippi company that owns and operates the landfill , but they fell on deaf ears . "  I did n't get a response from them , that 's part of the problem , " he said . The bigger problem , Holleman said , is how BP has been dealing with the oil waste from the very start . Dumping the waste in landfills is the "  least preferred " option under a series of disposal methods outlined under the 34-page waste management plan from Unified Command , the federal agencies overseeing the cleanup efforts . The "  most preferred " option is to reduce the generation of waste in the first place , something BP and Waste Management said they have tried to do . Following that comes "  reuse , " "  recycling " and "  treatment . " Last on the list is "  dispose . " "  It is a priority ... to implement recycling and reuse for the generated waste , " the plan states . "  As far as we 've been able to determine , they jumped right to the least preferred method of disposal rather than looking at alternatives that do n't leave it in the landfill , that do n't need to be dealt with in the next 20 years , " Holleman said . Dumping is the easiest and cheapest way of dealing with the waste washed ashore . Holleman said that based on estimates he received , dumping the junk in landfills costs about $ 35 to $ 40 per ton , while recycling can cost twice as much . Knesal 's soil agitation and recycling technology has a $ 60 per ton price tag . After several rounds of talks with Holleman and county officials , BP and Waste Management agreed last week to stop putting oil waste into the Pecan Grove landfill . Oil that has already been dumped into the landfill will remain there , and the oil in the staging areas will remain in large trash bins for now . BP said it agreed to stop dumping "  not because the material is hazardous but because of community sensitivity to the issue , " spokeswoman Perry Hatcher told CNN . The oil giant says it is looking at ways to recycle and reuse the oil and equipment from the cleanup . Oil recovered from water has been used "  as it would be originally used , " and the "  process was n't so much recycling as recapturing product , " Hatcher said . She said various recycling options are "  being explored for any other waste that would not be used directly as it would have been originally . " Mike McAnulty , BP 's waste management coordinator , said the company is evaluating an option to process tar balls so they can be used to make asphalt . He also said BP is finalizing plans to use a centrifuge technology to spin out oil and water from absorbent booms so the remaining material can be used to make plastics . "  It 's only lately that we had the quantity of that type of waste to execute the test on a larger scale . So we 're really ahead of the curve on that one , " he said . Then there are regulatory hurdles the company needs to clear . "  We have heard concerns that there could be adverse effects on the asphalt due to possible dispersant and residual volatiles still in the tar balls , " said Amy Graham , a spokeswoman for the Florida Department of Environmental Protection . There is concern too that sand transported with the oil is too "  round " for constructing roads . Professor Ralph Portier , a bioremediation expert at Louisiana State University , said the cleanup efforts could benefit from better planning . Instead , responses from the government and BP seem "  reactive " instead of "  proactive . " "  Because they 're reacting to one of the largest spills ... and they had sheer volume and they had to do something with it . They could n't just let it sit in containers along U.S. Highway 90 , " he said of BP burying the oil waste . It could have been worse if the oily waste was left unattended , Portier said . "  It 's not sitting in a coastal area that when we have a tropical storm come ashore ... all the material is being blown all over Biloxi , Mississippi , for example . So those are pragmatic things , it 's more reactive than it should be , but at least it is pragmatic . " U.S. Coast Guard Chief Warrant Officer Scott Carr said the priority of the incident response has been stopping the oil flow and cleaning up the beaches . "  From the incident standpoint , -LSB- recycling the waste -RSB- was not the top of the list three weeks ago , " he said . BP insists that it had been looking at various "  green " options "  since very early in the incident . " "  It 's really the complexity of identifying first which options are reliable and then looking at the regulatory framework and where you can likely employ those , " McAnulty said . "  And then actually running a pilot test and then having a test of sufficient duration to demonstrate that the technology works . " He declined to say when recycling options will be implemented . For now , Harrison County officials are claiming victory over their efforts to stop BP from filling up the Pecan Grove site .	BP and landfill operator agree to keep waste in staging area Several methods to reuse and recycle the waste were proposed Recycling the waste can cost up to twice as much as disposing of it BP says it is still evaluating and testing recycling options
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- The United Nations moved closer to appointing a commission to investigate the death of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto after a meeting between Pakistan 's foreign minister and the world body 's secretary-general . Pakistan FM Makhdoom Shah Mahmood Qureshi made the request on Thursday . Foreign Minister Makhdoom Shah Mahmood Qureshi formally made the request Thursday with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon , who "  responded positively to the issue , " according to a statement from the United Nations . The statement said that the two reached "  broad understanding " on several issues , including funding , composition of the commission and unhindered access to resources , but added that the secretary-general indicated further discussions with Pakistan and other U.N. members would be needed before the commission could be set to work . The secretary-general , however , indicated further discussions with Pakistan and other U.N. members would be needed before the commission could be set to work , the statement added . Bhutto was killed December 27 in Rawalpindi , south of the Pakistani capital , Islamabad , while she was standing in an armored moving car rallying supporters for parliamentary elections . Her head was above the roof and unprotected at the time of the attack . The cause of her death is in dispute . A bomber blew himself up near her car , and videotape showed a gunman present . In the hours after her assassination , Pakistan 's Interior Ministry said she died from a bullet or shrapnel wound . But the day after her death , officials said she died from a skull fracture suffered when she fell or ducked into the car as a result of the shots or explosion and her head crashed into a sunroof latch . In February , the Interior Ministry said Scotland Yard investigators agreed with the latter conclusion . "  What the government had said on the 28 December was not a knee-jerk reaction , " ministry spokesman Javed Iqbal Cheema said at the time . "  Whatever I had said was based on certain hard facts . " Bhutto 's family and her Pakistan People 's Party  PPP  , meanwhile , has vehemently insisted she was shot by an assassin 's bullet . However , relatives have refused to carry out an autopsy on her body . Watch reaction to the Scotland Yard investigation " In April , Pakistan 's National Assembly unanimously adopted a resolution calling for a U.N. probe into Bhutto 's death -- a move that was not surprising , given that the government and parliament elected in February is dominated by a coalition led by the PPP . Pakistan 's President Pervez Musharraf initially balked at a U.N. inquiry into Bhutto 's death . His government -- ousted from power in February -- had contended the killing was orchestrated by Baitullah Mehsud , a leader of the Pakistani Taliban with ties to al Qaeda . The CIA reached the same conclusion . But two nationwide polls conducted this year found that a majority of Pakistanis believe Musharraf 's government was complicit in Bhutto 's assassination . Qureshi met with Ban Thursday regarding the probe . His request will likely need the approval of others within the United Nations and perhaps the U.N. Security Council . The investigation should be done in the shortest possible time , Qureshi said , but he added that he can not dictate its terms . He said investigators would have unhindered access to sources of information . CNN 's Richard Roth contributed to this report .	NEW : Ban and Qureshi reached "  broad understanding " on the commission Cause of Bhutto 's death is in dispute Scotland Yard probe supported government conclusion on cause of death Polls show many Pakistanis believe Musharraf government complicit
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A landscape restoration of a rubbish dump has won the Energy , Waste and Recycling category at the 2008 World Architecture Festival in Barcelona , Spain . Spanish architects Batlle and Roig have returned a 150 hectare rubbish dump back to nature . "  La Vall d'en Joan "  The Valley of Joan  project , designed by Spanish architects Batlle and Roig , has transformed a 150 hectare site in the Garraf Natural Park , south-west of Barcelona into a green terraced agricultural landscape . In awarding the prize , judges Luis Mansilla -- Mansilla + Tunon architects -- and Martin Keiding -- editor-in-chief of Arkitektur DK -- described the scheme as : "  a perfect example of bringing dead nature back to life by converting rubbish into a beautiful piece of landscape architecture ... using few and humble means " . Joan Roig of Batlle and Roig Architects told CNN : "  The idea was to create a system of hills and banks in a way that would avoid erosion from water and to give the rubbish dump back to nature with a natural design . " Work to transform the site -- the largest landfill in Spain -- began in 2000 and was completed earlier this year . It is a striking redrawing of a previously scarred and polluted landscape . The landfill has been servicing Barcelona 's metropolitan area for over 30 years . More than 20 million tons of rubbish was spread around the valley before the site was closed in 2006 . In some places , you would have to dig down over 100 meters before you found soil again . But this is n't just a cosmetic makeover . There is an underground drainage system on site which filters contaminated waste fluids . Part of this recycled water is then used to irrigate the park . "  The whole project is very sustainable , " Roig said . Furthermore , the dump is also utilizing the bio gas that is emitted to provide electricity . Some of the rubbish has remained above ground . Housed in large steel cages which flank the entrance to the site , Roig says they serve as a permanent reminder to visitors of the site 's previous life . Judge , Martin Keiding told CNN : "  It 's a very beautiful and simple design . It is landscape architecture that is inspiring . It is a very good example that everyone could look at and say : ` We could do the same . ' This competition is about pointing out good examples that could inspire architects . " Batlle and Roig 's winning design was one of eight short-listed projects in the Energy , Waste and Recycling category , which was notable for the variety of entries . They range from state of the art , hi-tech plans such as the Digital Beijing designed by Studio Pei Zhu and Urbanus , right down to low-cost , primitive ventures like the Community Cooker devised by Kenyan company , Planning Systems Services . The communal cooker is turning rubbish into fuel to feed residents of one of Africa 's biggest slums -- Kibera -- on the outskirts of Nairobi , Kenya . The project was highly commended by the judges . "  Sustainability is a very important issue and so are the questions about rubbish , especially in Third World countries , " Keiding said . "  The community cooker is a way of introducing a solution directly into the society . " Keiding , himself a trained architect , believes that Energy , Waste and Recycling is the most important category at the inaugural World Architecture Festival . "  We are facing big problems , so it is a great opportunity for architects to work seriously with this problem on many different levels . "  I think flashy executive buildings are interesting in one sense but they are not interesting if they are not dealing seriously with this matter . In my opinion you can throw them out . We have to be far more serious about integrating aspects of sustainability into architecture . " Both Mansilla and Keiding noted that engineering and architecture had to combine to deal with issues concerning waste and recycling . They said that achieving sustainability was a difficult task but it also represented a great opportunity for architects to contribute to the sphere .	Spanish architects win prestigious category award at World Architecture Festival "  La Vall d'en Joan " project turned rubbish dump into architectural landscape Millions of tons of rubbish was dumped at the site near Barcelona for 30 years Water from site purified for use in irrigation , bio gas used to create electricity
CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security insists the Real ID Act is an essential tool to fight the war on terror , but critics say it 's an overly intrusive measure that raises privacy concerns . The act aims to weave driver 's licenses and state ID cards into a sort of national identification system . States must begin issuing new federal licenses by May 11 , 2008 , unless they receive an extension . The cards would be mandatory for all "  federal purposes . " People in states that do n't comply with the new rules will have to use passports for federal purposes . The following provides requirements of the act , signed in 2005 : Who must get one ? Anyone with a driver 's license or state ID who is an American citizen or legal alien , or who has permanent resident status , a nonimmigrant visa , protected status , asylum or pending application for asylum . What must federal driver 's licenses contain ? Name , address , date of birth , gender , driver 's license or state ID number , photo , signature and security features to prevent tampering and counterfeiting . The data must be stored on a bar code . When do they go into effect ? May 11 , 2008 , but states can request an extension to January 1 , 2010 . Where will the information be kept ? States are charged with storing your personal information and digital photo for seven to 10 years . The states also are charged with protecting the information and running security clearances . Why do I have to get one ? The Real ID Act of 2005 passed as part of an emergency military spending and tsunami relief bill . The act is aimed at "  improved security for driver 's licenses and personal identification cards . " How do I get one ? Complying states ' department of motor vehicle offices will require you to show up before May 10 , 2013 , and provide a photo ID , birth certificate , proof of Social Security account and proof of residence . What if I live in a noncompliant state ? No federal agency will accept your state-issued driver 's license as a valid form of ID . You will need to use a passport at federal buildings and parks , and for domestic air travel . E-mail to a friend	Act will require states to begin issuing new federal licenses by May 11 , 2008 States can request an extension to January 1 , 2010 Those in noncompliant states will have to use passports for "  federal purposes "
Washington  CNN  -- The voice of embattled leader Moammar Gadhafi was heard on Libyan TV on Friday in an attempt to assure his people that he is alive and in a place where "  you can not kill me . " The audio message was broadcast several times over the course of the day and expressed gratitude to people around the world who were concerned for his safety . "  Tell the crusader cowards that I live in a place you can not reach me , " Gadhafi said . Libya 's combative leader also condemned Thursday 's attack that reportedly killed three people . Gadhafi left this message to NATO : "  I live in the hearts of millions , and even if you kill my body , you can not kill my soul that lives in the hearts of millions . " The audio message was released after the Italian foreign minister raised the possibility that the Libyan leader may have been injured after weeks of NATO airstrikes in the country . Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said he did not have any evidence as to Gadhafi 's fate , but Monsignor Giovanni Martinelli , the Catholic archbishop of Tripoli , told him that Gadhafi was wounded , the Italian ANSA news agency reported . Martinelli said Gadhafi was most likely not in Tripoli anymore , Frattini said . However , Libyan government spokesman Musa Ibrahim said Friday that Ghadafi was in "  good health and high spirits " in Tripoli . Four rockets struck Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound Thursday and killed at least three people , according to a Libyan government official . The Libyan government took journalists near the site of the blast , where smoke could be seen still rising from the compound . NATO military spokesman Mike Bracken said NATO had struck a command and control center but did not know whether anyone was inside . A top Libyan opposition leader urged formal U.S. recognition at the White House on Friday , one day after the interim council secured strong support from Britain . Mahmoud Jibril , president of the Libyan Transitional National Council 's Executive Bureau , and his delegation met with top Obama administration officials . During the meeting , National Security Adviser Tom Donilon told the leader of the Libyan opposition group that the U.S. views the group "  as a legitimate and credible interlocutor of the Libyan people , " according to a White House statement released after the Friday meeting . The statement stopped short of formal recognition of the Transitional National Council . In an interview on CNN 's "  Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " on Thursday , Jibril said his main message to Donilon in Friday 's meeting would be to clear up "  misperceptions " about extreme elements in the opposition and ask for formal recognition . Officials have said there are no plans to recognize the council out of concern of alienating Libyans that are not part of that group . They do not anticipate recognizing any one group as the official group until there is an election in Libya , officials have said . "  Ultimately , of course , it will be the people of Libya , not the international community , who will choose their leadership . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Friday . "  But we do applaud the  council  for its commitment to a democratic future for Libya , " Carney said . In talks Thursday with the council 's chairman , Mustafa Abdul Jalil , British Prime Minister David Cameron invited the group to establish a formal office in London . Cameron said Britain would also boost its presence in Benghazi , the de facto rebel capital . The United States has not recognized the opposition formally , although it has provided aid . Italy and France have recognized the opposition group . As the opposition sought greater support , the International Criminal Court at The Hague in the Netherlands said it will unveil Monday the names of those who are "  most responsible for crimes allegedly committed in Libya . " The names will be submitted to the court 's chief prosecutor , Luis Moreno-Ocampo , who has been seeking warrants for three individuals in crimes against humanity allegedly committed since February , when the Libyan uprising erupted . Libyan state television broadcast video late Wednesday that it said showed Gadhafi meeting with tribal elders in a Tripoli hotel , marking the strongman 's first public appearance in nearly two weeks . The camera panned from a television program bearing the date of May 11 to the group of more than a dozen men , including Gadhafi . Gadhafi , wearing sunglasses and dark clothing , had not been seen on television since April 30 , the same day a NATO airstrike hit the Tripoli compound reportedly housing him and one of his sons . Libyan officials said at the time that Saif al-Arab Gadhafi was killed but that his father had escaped . Gadhafi has been firm in his attempt to retain power in Libya . Loyalist forces and rebel fighters , aided by NATO airstrikes , have been fighting each other for weeks . The bloodshed continued Friday . Libyan state television reported Friday that NATO airsrikes hit a guest house in the eastern oil town of al-Brega , killing 11 people and injuring about 45 others . Ibrahim condemned the attack , calling NATO "  barbaric " and inhumane " in its actions for striking attendees of a religious conference while they were asleep . He showed a video that showed the imams in prayer and then bodies being taken away . "  Now is this protection of civilians ? " Ibrahim asked . "  Is this legitimate under any Security Council resolution to kill people in their sleep ? " NATO 's military office confirmed that NATO conducted an air strike in al-Brega earlier Friday but said the target was clearly identified as a command and control structure , which was being used by Gadhafi regime to coordinate attacks against the civilian population . And Ahmed Bani , a rebel military spokesman , denied that civilian casualties were caused by NATO strikes . All civilians have left the al-Brega area , Bani said . The remaining population are pro-Gadhafi forces and have taken up positions in civilian neighborhoods , hiding equipment and ammunition , he said . In the contested western city of Misrata , a doctor said rebels were able to maintain control of the airport and a civil defense base beyond the airport . The doctor said that at least 10 people , including two babies , were killed and at least 20 were injured Friday in sporadic shelling . A rebel spokesman , who asked to be identified only as Mohamed , also said rebels were controlling Misrata 's airport and civil defense base , which are about 17 kilometers  10 miles  from the city center . In Jibril 's first official visit to Washington , the opposition leader is scheduled to meet Friday with Donilon as well as other senior administration officials and members of Congress . Jibril said Thursday that the United States should turn over some of Libya 's frozen assets to his group because "  a human tragedy is in the making right now . " He said Libyan rebels are facing a "  big hurdle " in getting the U.S. government to free up some of the $ 30 billion-plus in frozen Libyan assets to help those suffering under Gadhafi 's regime . "  Time is the crux of the matter , because having solved this problem in a matter of four or five weeks might be too late , " Jibril told a group gathered at the Brookings Institution . He said he wanted to clarify a misunderstanding about the council : that it was not a political organ but an administrative one that was managing the situation in Libya until the fall of Gadhafi 's regime . "  The political question of who should rule Libya and how he or she should rule it , this is for the Libyan people to decide through a political democratic process based on constitutional grounds , based on an active civil society , based on equal rights and natural human rights for everybody , " he said . In March , Jibril met privately with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when she was in Paris for a meeting with the Group of Eight foreign ministers . At the State Department on May 5 , Clinton said , "  Clearly on our agenda is looking for the most effective ways to deliver financial assistance and other means of supporting and helping the opposition . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Adam Levine contributed to this story .	NEW : Gadhafi thanks supporters and condemns NATO airstrikes Italian official had suggested that Libyan leader may be injured A top Libyan leader is in Washington to push for U.S. recognition The White House stops short of formal recognition of Transitional National Council
CNN  -- Who would have thought it ? Team Brazil just scraping by in a cliffhanger penalty kick shootout . But from here on out , where every game means somebody 's going home , there 's a 12th man on the field , a true equalizer -- roaring determination . And it nearly snatched victory for Chile . But Brazil 's dream of winning a World Cup on its own soil has survived . It meets Colombia in the quarterfinals after it sent Uruguay home to join striker Luis Suarez , whom FIFA suspended for biting an Italian player last week . That may have cost Uruguay the game , but at the same time , Colombia has hit the World Cup like a whirlwind , and fans are swooning for their stand-out midfielder James Rodriguez . He has shot half of Colombia 's total 10 goals in the tournament so far . Newby fans of Team USA soccer who left the television on over the weekend instead of waiting for America 's faceoff with Belgium on Tuesday , must certainly have caught footy fever from Saturday 's exhilarating matches . More to come , in the Round of 16 knockout matches -- see viewing times and channels below . Also included : a nice treat at bottom . Here 's what to watch for : 1 . Hangovers They may be epidemic in Brazil after the celebration parties . Three factors are at work here : A . It was a Saturday night . B. Brazil won . C. Duh , it 's Brazil during World Cup . But Brazil fans have a lot of time to recover from the party , since Brazil does n't play again until Friday . If they win that quarterfinal match against Colombia , get ready of a repeat of last night . In the meantime , fans can take in two games on Sunday while vegging in front of the TV . 2 . Offense vs. Defense Netherlands vs. Mexico , noon ET Sunday , ESPN and Univision The Dutch players could easily be mistaken for a road repair crew if they wear their hunter-orange jerseys on Sunday . But the color should be taken seriously as a symbol of how on fire they are . They have shot the most goals in group play at this year 's World Cup -- 10 , topping Germany and Brazil , which had seven each . They dominated their group , roundly stomping reigning world champ Spain 5-1 in their first game . But offense is n't everything , as Mexico 's team will attest . They practically put a brick wall in front of their goal during group play , allowing just one ball to get in . They held Brazil to a 0-0 tie . All they need to do now is score more . Javier Hernandez might just have it in him . He 's been quite a goal-getter in the past . And Dutch fans certainly make an impression parading down Brazil 's streets in those bright jerseys . 3 . Feels like the first time Costa Rica vs. Greece , 4 p.m. ET Sunday , ESPN and Univision They 've never met before , FIFA says . Not once . And at the World Cup , this is only Costa Rica 's third appearance , and only Greece 's second . Costa Rica has shot twice as many goals so far as Greece , while allowing only one and putting away major contenders Italy and Uruguay . Sound like Greece is the underdog ? FIFA ranks the team 12th in the world and Costa Rica 28th . 4 . Line-dance craze Colombia has not only won each of its games so far , it has also won the hearts of millions of fans . The spirit of the team 's play , the scoring surge by Rodriguez . But crowds also love Colombia 's signature celebration group dance . If Colombia continues its winning streak , it may catch on . Watch for it in a disco near you . Click the pic to play !	Brazil has reason to party after its team squeaked past Chile Offensive powerhouse Netherlands face Mexico 's nearly airtight defense Sunday Guess who has always won when Algeria has played Germany in the past ? Everybody loves Colombia and James Rodriguez
CNN  -- A U.S. missile strike Thursday killed a Somali Islamic militant leader with ties to al Qaeda and several other senior leaders of his group , Al-Shaabab , local officials said . This photo of Adan Hashi Ayrow was posted Thursday on a Web site that supports Somali insurgents . U.S. officials confirmed that an American missile targeted Adan Hashi Ayrow in the pre-dawn attack in central Somalia but could not confirm that he was killed . He had worked with Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys , a former leader of the Islamic Courts Union , U.S. officials said . The militant group is believed to have harbored those responsible for the 1998 U.S. Embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania . Ayrow , a slight man in his 30s , was the target of an American airstrike last year that U.S. officials believe wounded the Al-Shaabab military leader . In a rare statement after the January 2007 attack , the camera-shy Ayrow lashed out at American and Ethiopian leaders for ordering the strike . "  For two weeks , U.S. and Ethiopia were saying that they killed the poor Adan Ayrow , " he said in an audio clip released to Somali media . "  What crimes did I commit against them ? Have I been to the United States or Ethiopia ? Whatever -LSB- the Americans -RSB- do and whatever missiles they fire at me , I am confident that I will only die my day when God judges me . " Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . The current transitional government is trying to maintain control of the capital with the help of the better-equipped Ethiopian forces . But the presence of the Ethiopians has united various Islamic militant groups in Somalia , including Al-Shaabab , who are trying to oust the Ethiopian forces and gain control of Mogadishu . Local sources said the American missile hit a house in the town of Dhusomareb about 3 a.m. Thursday  8 p.m. ET Wednesday  , during a meeting of Al-Shaabab commanders . Town elder Elmi Arap said the house was demolished . He said that 10 bodies had been counted but that the death toll could be higher because body parts were strewn about the rubble . Ayrow was among those killed , he said . Hours after the attack , Al-Shaabab spokesman Mukhtar Robow held a telephone news conference with journalists from an undisclosed location in Somalia and confirmed that Ayrow and another high-ranking militia member were killed . U.S. officials said the missile was launched from a Navy submarine or a ship in the region . The U.S. classified Al-Shaabab as a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in March . "  Al-Shaabab is a violent and brutal extremist group with a number of individuals affiliated with al Qaeda , " according to the State Department Web site . "  Many of its senior leaders are believed to have trained and fought with al Qaeda in Afghanistan . " Ayrow had been tracked in Somalia with the help of U.S. agents there , according to U.S. officials . Western intelligence agencies believe that he became associated with al Qaeda during a trip to Afghanistan in the mid-1990s for explosives training . Later , officials said , he started working with Aweys , whose Islamic Courts Union seized control of Somalia and its capital , Mogadishu , in 2006 . The organization was deposed in December of that year , after Ethiopia 's military invasion . Aweys , a prominent Islamist , is himself on a United Nations list of al Qaeda associates . The Islamists have denied that they are harboring suspects in the U.S. bombings in Tanzania and Kenya . See a map of terrorist havens " The Islamic Courts Union was linked to the murders of several aid workers , including Annalena Tonelli , a 60-year-old Italian nurse who was shot to death in 2003 at the tuberculosis hospital she founded in Borama , in northwestern Somaliland , according to the United Nations . As the Islamic Courts Union grew in strength , taking on the warlords that controlled Mogadishu , so did Ayrow 's group . Soon after the Islamists seized the capital in 2006 , a cargo plane arrived at the newly reopened airport carrying weapons , some of which may have gone to Ayrow and his Al-Shaabab fighters , according to a U.N. report . A Somali journalist described his meeting with Ayrow at the Mogadishu airport as it was being reopened two years ago . "  When I entered into the car , my colleague introduced me to the driver , who , to my surprise and shock , was Adan Hashi Ayrow , " according to the journalist , who did not want to be named for security reasons . "  He greeted me by raising his eyebrow , and I did the same . He was so quiet ... and looked so vigilant with the movements in his eyes . I noticed that he was wearing a handgun on his waist . " The journalist said Ayrow did not talk much . " -LSB- My colleague and I -RSB- rode in the car 15 minutes , and -LSB- Ayrow -RSB- said very few words like ' I do n't like cameras ' and ` The warlords were so funny : They did n't want to open this airport while they were controlling the city . ' " Since the Ethiopian invasion ousted the Islamic Courts Union leaders , Ayrow and other Islamist militants have been hiding out . Al-Shaabab fighters are waging fierce battles across Somalia , seizing control of some small towns and battling for control of Mogadishu in recent days . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Barbara Starr and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials : Islamic militant leader Adan Hashi Ayrow killed by U.S. strike Ayrow 's Al-Shaabab group reportedly has close ties to al Qaeda Strike hit house and killed at least 10 , a town elder says
Anaheim , California  CNN  -- Disney 's Cars Land opens June 15 at Disney California Adventure , and it 's big , bold and amazing . As Mater says , "  If I 'm lying , I 'm crying . " Kids of all ages will rev their engines and step on the gas . Cars Land is the capstone of a five year , estimated $ 1.1 billion dollar reimagining of Disney California Adventure . While Cars Land shifts California Adventure into the fast lane , only time will tell if it will save the town  as Lightning McQueen did for Radiator Springs  and turn Disneyland into the world-class destination it aspires to be . No doubt the top dogs at Disney hope the renewed focus on movie magic will mean magic for the resort that executives have admitted is not up to brand standards . Cars Land is the centerpiece to the relaunch of California Adventure . During the past five years , Disney has added more than 20 attractions , including Little Mermaid and Toy Story rides , upgraded hotels and new shops . The upgrades are important considering a big complaint about California Adventure was that the attractions did n't measure up to other Disney parks . It did n't have enough of the Disney magic : strong themes , characters and stories . Perhaps the main problem was that California Adventure was too nostalgic for the California of yesteryear , especially Paradise Pier . Nostalgia does n't appeal to the younger audience . The makeover embraces the movie icons the younger generation has grown up with . Considering that Disney is rumored to have spent more for the relaunch than it cost to build the original park  which opened in 2001 and cost approximately $ 1 billion  , everyone 's expectations are going to be high . Along with Cars Land , other changes being unveiled on June 15 include the addition of Buena Vista Street , the new entrance to the park and a nostalgic look at Los Angeles in the 1920s and 1930s , when Walt Disney arrived . Again , it 's not just nostalgic , but connected to the movies . The park 's icon has changed from Grizzly Peak  a man-made mountain in the shape of a Grizzly Bear , California 's state animal  to the Carthay Circle Theater , the theater where "  Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs " debuted in 1937 . "  Cars " itself is a movie about nostalgia . Good old Route 66 with its zany cast of characters changes the brash Lightning McQueen into a racer with heart . Cars Land invites guests to cruise low and slow down the main street of Radiator Springs . Thankfully this is the version Lightning repaved . The major attraction is Radiator Springs Racers , but fans will also love Luigi 's Flying Tires and Mater 's Junkyard Jamboree . The estimated $ 200 million Radiator Springs Racers ride is a giant slot car system that also features elements that take place in the dark . The cars are electric , and work much like a gigantic version of the slot cars kids play with . This is the same technology that powers Test Track , an Epcot ride . After boarding the six-person car , you take a leisurely , scenic tour of Ornament Valley . Soon you enter a nighttime section , where you 'll find old friends from Radiator Springs and have adventures including tractor tipping with Mater . Next , after an upgrade of tires or paint , and a quick visit to Doc Hudson , your crew chief , the ride turns into a thrilling race for Piston Cup glory . Disney has brewed a potent mixture here , a cross between the animated character fun of Peter Pan 's Flight with the thrilling excitement of a 40 mph race through the desert . The scariest  and most fun !  part was when the car plunged through a wall of fog . This ride is destined to have long lines for years to come .  My kids went crazy , then immediately demanded to ride again . Though not as thrilling as Radiator Springs Racers , Luigi 's Flying Tires is still unlike anything you 've ever ridden , unless you happened to ride Flying Saucers at Disneyland between 1961 and 1966 . Or you have shrunken down and ridden on an air hockey puck . In this update of the Flying Saucers concept , giant tires float on a cushion of air supplied by a bunch of small air jets . Riders lean to make their tires move . Adding to the fun is a bunch of beach balls that riders can run into , poke and bat at each other .  Thumbs up from the kids . Riders of Mater 's Junkyard Jamboree sit in a cart mounted to a baby tractor and the tractors square dance to seven songs sung by Mater himself .  A simple ride , but it got big smiles from the kids  . Cars Land spends a lot of time on the little details , including funny set decoration . There is excitement enough for the kids and humor for the parents . Also , Cars Land embraces an important "  Cars " cast member that people forget , Radiator Springs itself . The movie would n't be the same without Route 66 , Radiator Falls or the Cadillac Mountains . Cars Land really embraces the scenery , right down to the blinking stoplight . As Sally says in maybe the most poignant line in "  Cars , " "  Well , the road did n't cut through the land like that interstate . It moved with the land , it rose , it fell , it curved . Cars did n't drive on it to make great time . They drove on it to have a great time . " Disney seems to be taking this to heart .	Updates to Disney 's California Adventures open June 15 The centerpiece , Cars Land , makes the most of the popular movie Revamping the park cost an estimated $ 1.1 billion
Fort Walton Beach , Florida  CNN  -- It 's sort of like they 're all dressed up with no place to go . But preparing for oil on your shore is not exactly a night out on the town . Florida Gulf Coast counties say they 're frustrated beyond belief , after putting in elaborate , exhaustive plans to stop the oil , only to find that BP 's check is n't even in the mail . "  We 've got our permits . We 've got everything signed off and ready to go , " said Dino Villani , director of public safety in Okaloosa County . "  The holdup now is BP . We have no money to do the protective measures . " Okaloosa County has created a multi-layered plan to try to stop the oil from coming onto its beaches and to protect the Destin Pass waterway , an area enjoyed by boaters and beachgoers . County officials plan on using barges , containment boom and an air net to stop the flow of crude , but they need all of these things in place for their plan to work . And the thing they need most is $ 2.8 million up front and $ 2.5 million a month to stay operational -- money they 've filed for with BP . Are you there ? Send us your images "  We 're virtually operating on a credit card . This is a county that 's reserves are low . We 're impacted by a reduction in ad valorem taxes , " said Villani . Florida Sen. Bill Nelson says he 's seen the same thing happen all throughout this process . "  You had the Coast Guard doing one thing and you had BP doing another thing and this is why I 've been raising cane for weeks , " said Nelson . Nelson met with Okaloosa County officials who asked for his help in getting their check . "  This county and a lot of these other little counties that simply do n't have the financial wherewithall to be paying all of these bills , and they 've got to have some relief . So , yes . they will get their money . " After the meeting , CNN questioned BP 's community cupport coordinator assigned to Okaloosa County , Jay Prothro . Asked if checks were coming and how soon , Prothro responded , "  I ca n't speak to how soon they will get it , but I can tell you , there is a process in place and we 're working to get those refunds . " "  This whole process is new and everybody is learning as they go and trying to figure out what makes the most sense , and that 's what they 're working on . " Pressed on the delay in the counties receiving funds , Prothro responded , "  Like I say , they 've set out some guidelines on how to get the reimbursement and the county has filed , is my understanding , and I have to run some traps to figure out where it is in the process and see what the answer is to that . I just ca n't tell you right now . " But the counties say there is no real process , and what does exist has been painful for everyone staring at the same problem . "  I kind of make a joke . We 're on plan F. We 've already gone through plans A through E , " says Amy Lovoy , bureau chief for management and budget services in Escambia County . "  A check or money order , or a wire . Anything they want to give us is fine . " Escambia County has a $ 9.1 million claim with BP for its oil protection including booms , reconnaissance flights , and operations . The county says it also needs $ 4.8 million a month to maintain the plan , for as long as the oil remains a problem . Lovoy says the good news is that BP is returning her phone calls , but the bad news is what she 's hearing is n't helping . "  We 're definitely hearing back from them , but they keep saying that the process has changed . They say , ` We know you 've submitted a claim , ' but they say , ` The process has changed and you have to re-submit the claim and paperwork . ' " And in the eastern Panhandle , Bay County , which includes Panama City , has had the same problem . County officials say they need $ 3 million to build a more robust boom system , and about $ 8,300 per day to maintain it . Other costs , like workers ' overtime pay , are estimated at $ 10,000 per day . Officials of the Florida Association of Counties and emergency managers are scheduled to meet on Wednesday with U.S. Coast Guard representatives and BP officials because , they say , they need the claims process to be fixed right now . The chairman of the Okaloosa County Commission , Wayne Harris , went right to the point . "  We just need them to show me the money , " he said . "  If they give us an American Express diamond or black  card  , I 'm happy with it . "	Florida Panhandle counties waiting on checks from BP Counties have elaborate plans to block oil but need BP money to make plans reality Officials say reimbursement system keeps changing "  We just need them to show me the money , " says one official
New York  CNN  -- Even though the American elections wo n't be decided until the polls close tonight , the Irish bookies late last week started paying off bettors who predicted Republicans would win a majority in the House of Representatives . And they stopped making new bets . That 's a pretty definite statement ! Although I am very confident my party  Republican  will win the House , I usually like to wait until the voters have voted before taking any victory laps . Many of my pundit friends have had a field day attempting to analyze , over the last several weeks , the early voting patterns of those of you who have cast ballots already and argue what it all means . I have always been more concerned with the late counting of votes rather than the early voting . And because so many races are so close , this is one election in which every vote can matter . Follow the latest on the election at CNN 's Election Center There is an old saying in the business : "  We only hold elections to see if the pollsters are right ! " And if the pollsters are right , it will be a big night for Republicans and a lot of second-guessing at the White House . Certainly viewers will know some trends and results shortly after the polls close . But in other cases , it will be late Tuesday and maybe even sometime Wednesday before we know the final results -- particularly in the Senate , where key Western races may alter the final outcome . Here is what 's at stake : There are 37 Senate races being contested  19 Democratic and 18 Republican  . Fourteen of those seats are open , meaning either the incumbent is not running for re-election or has been defeated in a primary . In order to win a Senate majority , Republicans have to hold Alaska and all their open seats : New Hampshire , Kentucky , Ohio , Florida , Missouri , Utah and Kansas . And they must win 10 Democratic seats . If any of the Republican seats go to Democrats , the Democrats will continue to hold the majority . Everyone has all but conceded two Democratic open seats : the North Dakota seat will be won by Republican Gov. John Hoeven , and the Indiana open seat is likely to be won by former Sen. Dan Coats , also a Republican . More opinion on the election The most vulnerable Democrats running for re-election are Sens. Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas ; Russell Feingold of Wisconsin ; and Harry Reid of Nevada , the Senate majority leader . The Nevada election is the most heavily watched race in the country , and it has been neck and neck in the polls . Reid 's opponent is Sharron Angle , a Tea Party-backed candidate and former Republican state legislator . This race has gone back and forth , but Angle took a narrow lead going into the final weekend after surviving millions of dollars of negative advertisements . If she wins , this will be the biggest story of the night . The next best chances for Republican gains are the Illinois , Pennsylvania and West Virginia open seats . The West Virginia Senate race between Democratic Gov. Joe Manchin and businessman John Raese has been a back-and-forth contest . If Raese upsets the popular governor , Republicans are in the chase to make the Senate very close . Other vulnerable Democrats are Sens. Michael Bennet of Colorado , Patty Murray of Washington and Barbara Boxer of California . Here is what 's happening in the House : All 435 seats are up , and 43 seats are open  20 Democrats and 23 Republicans are not running for re-election  . In the present Congress , there are 256 Democrats and 179 Republicans . Two seats are vacant . CNN has systematically chosen 100 congressional races to focus on . Fifty are viewed as the most competitive . Four of these are Republican and the rest Democratic . They have listed another 50 House races to watch . Five of these are Republican and the rest Democratic . This is a far larger number than in most midterm elections , but all of these races have shown signs they are competitive . Republicans must win 39 seats to win the majority . If early in the evening , Democratic incumbents start losing in the early returns from states such as New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio and Florida , then it is likely the trend predicted for Republicans to gain a majority in the House will come true . There are 16 vulnerable seats in those four states and another 11 on the watch list . If at the end of the night you see that either the dean of the House -- John Dingell of Michigan who has been in Congress since 1955 -- or Barney Frank of Massachusetts has lost , then you know it 's been a historic election . That sums up the congressional and Senate races , but many states have other contests , including 37 governors ' races  19 Democrats , 17 Republicans and one independent up for election  . Twenty-four are open seats . Republicans are expected to easily end up with a majority of governors . Across the country , there are 6,118 state legislative seats also being contested , along with 160 ballot measures in 37 states . Tune in for what should be an exciting evening . But most of all , go vote ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Rollins : Irish bookies already paid bettors who predicted GOP would win House majority Because so many races are close , this is one election where every vote matters , Rollins says He says Republicans are expected to easily end up with a majority of governors If John Dingell or Barney Frank loses , then it 's been a historic election , writes Rollins
CNN  -- Speculation among political "  analysts " has recently heated up around the idea that newly minted Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts might pose a real challenge to Hillary Clinton for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination . Never mind that Warren has zero executive experience , has been in Washington for the blink of an eye and has spent much of her life as an academic -- because of course , that 's a formula that seems to have worked for the current occupant of the Oval Office  if not , as at least half the rabid commenters beneath this column will also argue , for the country . Never mind that she has expressed no interest in the job . Never mind that the election of 2016 is three full years away and that almost anything can happen in that time including , according to a recent study in the journal Nature , many more asteroid strikes than we originally believed possible . Facts and sound reasoning be damned . Birds got ta fly and pundits got ta pundit . So off we go . Facts and probabilities do n't matter in this kind of demented parlor game . It 's about as useful as debating whether Justin Bieber -- if he were a scientific genius -- would devote himself to particle physics or mapping the human genome . It is a mania driven by the existential anxieties of the commentariat whose "  I chatter therefore I am " philosophy implies that if they shut up they cease to exist . The result is a discussion about nothing , meaning precious little , and with not much to recommend other than its negligible entertainment value . But heck , Twitter reportedly is now worth more than $ 20 billion ; investors have got to have people tweeting about something . It might as well be the debate about whether Warren 's anti-Wall Street stance would be tough for Clinton to combat because she may be seen as too close to the establishment or , conversely , whether Warren 's financial reform agenda would motivate the fat cats in the financial community to start writing fat checks for Clinton . Speaking of which , this kind of speculation has not been limited to the Democratic Party . This week , aside from Time magazine 's cheap shot on its cover about New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's girth , we had a nasty comment from the ever-thoughtful Sarah Palin suggesting Christie 's weight was an issue because "  it 's been extreme , " and the party of Lincoln locked in a debate over whether one of its most successful governors was too tubby to be president . No one apparently remembers that William Howard Taft was not only America 's only president to be so fat he got stuck in the White House bathtub , but he was also our only chief executive to go on to become the head of a second branch of government as the chief justice . Of course , I have to admit , Palin once again revealing her intellectual deficits while taking a shot at a fellow Republican 's physical attributes is more entertaining than many new shows on television this fall  "  Sean Saves the World " and "  We Are Men " come to mind  , but her remarks are still otherwise without redeeming social value . So , let 's take a collective chill pill , shall we ? Let 's admit that all we know about 2016 is that those of us lucky to make it that far will be three years older and that ca n't be good news for hairlines or waistlines . Let 's admit that it is how the economy is doing , the state of the world and how we feel about outgoing President Barack Obama , and not carefully reasoned arguments by the people who gave us President Hillary Clinton in 2008 that will ultimately decide who the candidates are . Let 's admit that being able to run against Washington will be an advantage , as it has been for every candidate since the 1970s , and that the candidate offering the most optimistic view of America 's future is likely to win -- as he or she typically does . Let 's admit that that probably means the Republican candidate will be a current or former governor . And finally , let 's admit that sometimes just because the pundits say something is going to happen does n't mean it is n't true . Which is why when all is said and done I still think Hillary Clinton will be the Democratic nominee and the next President of the United States . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Pundits cook up buzz that Elizabeth Warren may run against Hillary Clinton in 2016 He says there 's zero evidence ; it 's just product of commentariat 's need for news He says 2016 guessing even has Time magazine , Palin weighing in on Chris Christie 's prospects Rothkopf : We know little about 2016 -- still , just because pundits say it , does n't make it false
Peshawar  CNN  -- Three people have been been killed and 13 others injured in a suicide blast against a security forces vehicle in Pakistan 's northwestern city of Peshawar . A spokesman from Peshawar 's Lady Reading Hospital says that the three people killed included a woman , a civilian and a member of the Frontier Corps . PeshawarÂ ¹ s bomb disposal chief , Shafqat Malik , confirmed the blast as a suicide attack , saying 45 kg of explosive material was used in a car coming from the opposite direction and hitting the Frontier Corps . Peshawar police chief Ijaz Khan said that a high ranking army officer was the target of the attack but he is safe .	A suicide blast has killed 3 and injured 13 in Peshawar , Pakistan The attack struck a convoy from Pakistan 's Frontier Corps Police said a high ranking army officer was the target of the attack but he is safe
"  So , how can we promote Seoul as a safe destination in the foreign media in the midst of the current North Korea situation ? " That was the question posed by a Seoul government foreign public relations representative at a meeting on Monday , even as Pyongyang continued its militaristic rhetoric , announcing on the same day that North Korea is pulling workers out of a joint North-South industrial zone . Fearing both short and long term drops in tourism , the Seoul government was seeking advice at a meeting it requested with North Korea expert Andrei Lankov , a professor at Seoul 's Kookmin University . "  It 's a very important question , but the problem is that the foreign media believes North Korea 's threats when they should not , " said Lankov , who has been studying North Korea for almost 30 years . Throughout the meeting , which took place in Lankov 's office , the professor ignored his mobile phone and office land line , even as both rang incessantly . "  Journalists , " he said , shaking his head . Lankov advised the Seoul government to bombard the media with images showing how the day to day lives of South Koreans have remained unaffected by North Korean threats , and how its residents remain unconcerned by the hostile rhetoric . "  Negative impact on South Korean tourism and the South Korean economy is exactly what North Korea wants , " said Lankov , who is adamant in his belief that North Korea wo n't attack the South . " -LSB- North Korean leader -RSB- Kim Jong Un is living a wonderful life that is better than any conglomerate owner 's life in South Korea -- why would he want to cut that short ? " said the North Korea expert . "  He is therefore the one person South Korea can truly depend on to not go to war , " Lankov concluded . Impact on South Korea tourism It seems logical that tourism in Seoul , and all of South Korea , would suffer in the wake of the hostile rhetoric from the North Korean government . Seoul is located just 190 kilometers  118 miles  from Pyongyang , well within range of hundreds if not thousands of North Korean artillery and missile units . North Korea : Our global fear and fascination However , no country has yet issued alerts or warnings concerning travel to South Korea . "  The Embassy has not changed its security posture and we have not recommended that U.S. citizens who reside in , or plan to visit , the Republic of Korea  South Korea  take special security precautions at this time , " reads a statement posted on the U.S. Embassy in Seoul 's website . There 's no denying , however , that some travelers are altering their plans . "  We had two colleagues in New York who decided to push back their business trip to Seoul because of the North Korea crisis , " said Annie Kim , a Korean American risk manager at a multinational bank . Kim , who arrived in Seoul two weeks ago on business , told CNN she does n't believe the threats pose a danger . Her colleagues , however , are getting more nervous about the situation with each news report . "  They say they will come only after it all blows over , " she said . Record month Despite concerns , tourism numbers in South Korea are up . Way up . Last week , the Korea Tourism Organization  KTO  announced a record number of visitors for the month of March . For the first time in history , inbound international tourists numbered more than a million -- an 11.9 % increase compared with the same month last year . Numbers for April wo n't be available until May . "  We 've had record numbers from every country except Japan and Germany , " KTO 's Kang Sun-duk told CNN . According to Kang , tourist numbers are impacted by geopolitics , but not necessarily those involving North Korea . "  Many of the Chinese tourists who would have been visiting Japan are now coming to South Korea due to the island disputes between China and Japan , " said Kang . China , Japan swap barbs over disputed islands Approximately 12,000 visitors per day are currently entering South Korea on cruises from China , according to the KTO . Business as usual at DMZ South Korea 's largest airline , Korean Air , and several major hotels in Seoul , tell CNN there has been no noticeable dip in bookings . "  We have not seen any impact from the news from North Korea thus far , but we 'll have to see about any further impact , " a Korean Air public relations representative told CNN . This past weekend at Imjingak , an area within the Demilitarized Zone  DMZ  popular with tourists , business appeared down only slightly . Though parking lots were jammed with Chinese tour groups and Korean families on day trips , the DMZ appeared to have fewer Western visitors than usual . "  We 've seen around a 20 % decrease in business , but it 's not too bad , " said Kim Bong-nam , 57 , who has been selling hot dogs at the DMZ for 30 years . "  There was a similar drop in visitors when the Yeonpyong Island shelling happened , " he said , referring to the 2010 incident when two civilians and two South Korean marines died after a North Korean attack . KTO 's DMZ office said tours were operating normally . The KTO was unable to provide specific DMZ visitor data . "  We are not afraid at all ! " said a member of a group of tourists from Hebei , China , when asked why they 'd decided to visit the DMZ in the midst of current reports . "  There will be only peace here . " According to Professor Lankov , there 's a reason Chinese tourists are unruffled by the threats from North Korea . According to the North Korea expert , Chinese media is n't reporting on the situation in dire tones . He said Chinese reporters have n't adopted the posture of their Western counterparts , "  like CNN and BBC , as if war is going to break out . " "  The Chinese government does n't allow them to portray their fellow communist country in that light , " said Lankov .	Seoul government seeks advice on promoting tourism Despite rhetoric and threats , tourism up 11.9 % DMZ packed with domestic , Chinese tourists
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Bush administration official has publicly described a detainee 's treatment at the U.S. Navy Base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , as torture , according to a published report . The detention of terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , has been a source of controversy . Susan Crawford , the retired judge in charge of determining which Guantanamo detainees should be tried by a U.S. military commision , has refused to refer the case of Mohammed al-Qahtani to prosecutors because of that assessment , The Washington Post reported Wednesday . "  We tortured  Mohammed al -  Qahtani , " Crawford told the Post . "  His treatment met the legal definition of torture . And that 's why I did not refer the case " for prosecution . Military prosecutors have accused al-Qahtani of helping to plan the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , and believe he may have sought to participate , possibly as the "  20th hijacker . " The United States had been seeking the death penalty against al-Qahtani and five other men in connection with the 9/11 attacks . Crawford approved charges against the other five . She told the newspaper she came to her decision based on the combination of the interrogation techniques , their duration and the effect on al-Qahtani 's health . "  The techniques they used were all authorized , but the manner in which they applied them was overly aggressive and too persistent , " she said . "  You think of torture , you think of some horrendous physical act done to an individual . This was not any one particular act ; this was just a combination of things that had a medical impact on him , that hurt his health . It was abusive and uncalled for . And coercive . Clearly coercive . It was that medical impact that pushed me over the edge " to call it torture , she told the paper . When asked later Wednesday about the report , White House Press Secretary Dana Perino responded , "  It has never been the policy of this president or this administration to torture . "  Because of command influence concerns , I have not commented about individual cases from this podium and ... that 's as much as I can say about it . " Pressed further on the issue , Perino said , "  The commander-in-chief should not be commenting on cases where the government is bringing a case against a detainee . It would be inappropriate to do so from the White House . " The Department of Defense issued a statement Wednesday defending the military treatment of al-Qahtani . "  We have conducted more than a dozen investigations and reviews of our detention operations , including specifically the interrogation of al-Qahtani , the alleged 20th hijacker . "  The investigations concluded the interrogation methods used at Gitmo  Guantanamo  , including the special interrogation techniques used with Qahtani in 2002 , were lawful . "  However , subsequent to those reviews , the department adopted new and more restrictive policies , and improved oversight procedures for interrogation and detention operations . "  Some of the aggressive questioning techniques used on al-Qahtani , although permissible at the time , are no longer allowed in the updated Army field manual . " In November , military prosecutors said they would try to refile charges against al-Qahtani based on later interrogations that did not use harsh techniques , the paper reported . Crawford , who dismissed war crimes charges against al-Qahtani in May 2008 , said she wo n't let the prosecutors pursue other charges . His interrogation took place over 50 days -- from November 2002 to January 2003 , and he was held in isolation until April 2003 , she said . "  For 160 days , his only contact was with the interrogators , " she said . Crawford , who studied interrogation and other military records , said al-Qahtani was forced to stand naked in front of a female agent , threatened with a military dog named Zeus , "  forced to wear a woman 's bra and had a thong placed on his head " during questioning , and "  was told that his mother and sister were whores , " the newspaper reported . Al-Qahtani , a Saudi national , was denied entry to the United States by an immigration officer in August 2001 , and later was captured in Afghanistan . In January 2002 he was sent to Guantanamo , where he has remained in custody as an enemy combatant . The agency said it is now focused on ensuring the proper treatment of detainees .	Retired judge refuses to refer case to prosecutors because of torture assessment Susan Crawford describes techniques as "  overly aggressive and too persistent " Military prosecutors accuse Mohammed al-Qahtani of helping plan 9/11 attacks White House , Defense Department respond to Washington Post story
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : IRAQ 'S CHILDREN LIVING IN GARBAGE DUMPS As Iraq emerges as the world 's fourth largest oil reserve in the world , the country 's leaders are hoping their wealth can provide a decent living to its citizens , but for many living in Baghdad 's Sadr City , the dream of a better life is far from becoming true . Men , women , children pushed by poverty , spend their days scouring the dumps looking for things to sell . From plastic bottles to aluminum cans , one man 's trash has become another man 's treasure . In Iraq it is a crucial lifeline for a number of families . FACETIME : NAJIB MIKATI , LEBANESE PRIME MINISTER With the ongoing Syrian civil war , Lebanon is continuing to feel the ripple effect . With clashes in Tripoli and fighting on the borders , the country is struggling to maintain stability . The UN estimates the number of Syrian refugees to have crossed 200,000 . MME sat down with Lebanese Prime Minister , Najib Mikati and asked him how the war next door is affecting Lebanon , in particular its economy . SHOWTIMES Marketplace Middle East will air at the following times  all GMT  : Thursday 21 February : 1645 ; Friday 22 February : 0945 ; Saturday 23 February : 0715 ; Sunday 24 February : 0615 , 1645	Despite having fourth largest oil reserve in world many Iraqis still living in harsh poverty Families in Baghdad 's Sadr City turn to garbage dumps to look for items to sell MME talks to Lebanese PM about how war in neighboring Syria is affecting his country
London  CNN  -- The mother of a victim of one of Britain 's most notorious killers died Saturday , a day after police said they were investigating a possible clue to where her child was buried nearly 50 years ago . Winnie Johnson , whose 12-year-old son Keith Bennett went missing in 1964 in northern England , had spent the long decades since seeking first to find , and then to give a proper burial to , her murdered child . But her death after serious illness has come before that hope could be realized . Ian Brady , who was jailed for life in 1966 for three other child murders committed with the help of his partner Myra Hindley , admitted killing the boy in 1987 but has never disclosed the whereabouts of his body . The other four victims were buried on Saddleworth Moor , a lonely upland expanse in the Pennine hills , near Manchester , but repeated searches have never uncovered Keith 's remains . Brady , known as the "  Moors Murderer , " remains in a secure psychiatric unit . A statement on the family 's website , Searching for Keith , confirmed that Johnson , a "  much-loved mother , grandmother and great-grandmother , " had died at age 78 . "  Winnie fought tirelessly for decades to find Keith and give him a Christian burial , " it said . "  Although this was not possible during her lifetime , we , her family , intend to continue this fight now for her and for Keith . We hope that the authorities and the public will support us in this . " Police revealed Friday that they were investigating claims that Brady may recently have given details of the burial spot to one of his longtime visitors , in a sealed letter to be passed to Johnson after Brady 's death . The information came to light when a documentary filmmaker interviewed a woman who has been acting as Brady 's mental health adviser , the Press Association news agency reported . Martin Bottomley , head of Greater Manchester Police 's cold case review team , cautioned Friday against leaping to conclusions but said police were taking the possibility Brady had written such a letter seriously . "  We do not know if this is true or simply a ruse , but we clearly have a duty to investigate such information on behalf of Keith 's family , " he said in a statement . "  Since Keith was so cruelly taken away all those years ago , our thoughts have always been with his family as they try to come to terms with what happened . All they want is to finally be able to lay Keith to rest . " A 49-year-old woman was arrested in South Wales on Thursday on suspicion of preventing the burial of a body without lawful exercise , and has been released on bail pending further inquiries , the police statement said . Documents have also been seized from the address and are being examined , police said . Brady and Hindley were taken by police to Saddleworth Moor to look for the bodies of Bennett and another victim , 16-year-old Pauline Reade , after they admitted those killings in 1987 , the Press Association said . However , only Reade 's remains were found . The lawyer who represented Johnson , John Ainley , said it was a "  heartbreaking situation " that she had died without ever learning where her son was buried . "  Over the years and in all our personal meetings , Winnie has insisted Brady is the only person who could put her mind at rest and give her the chance to give Keith a decent burial before she passed on , " he said , according to a statement from the law firm . "  She was convinced Brady knew where her son was buried and she told me she wanted the search to continue to find Keith . " Johnson is quoted on the Searching for Keith website as saying : "  My greatest hope in this life from the day he left is to have him home , I now accept he is not alive but I still believe I have the right as his mother to give him a Christian burial . " CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	NEW : Mother 's death before she could find her son 's body is "  heartbreaking , " lawyer says Winnie Johnson died the day after a new lead in her son 's case was revealed 12-year-old Keith Bennett was a victim of notorious killer Ian Brady in 1964 Brady admitted Keith 's murder in 1987 but has not revealed the location of the body
As the world reels from its worst Ebola outbreak , the nation hardest hit is declaring a shortage of body bags , which are crucial to preventing the spread of the deadly virus . Liberia , one of three countries most affected by the outbreak , said it has 4,900 body bags nationwide . It needs 85,000 more in the next six months , the Health Ministry said in a statement . A grim inventory of supplies shows body bags were not the only items lacking . Liberia is also experiencing a shortage of other supplies needed to fight the virus , including protective suits , face masks , gloves and goggles . Liberia said it needs 2.4 million boxes of gloves in the next six months , but it has only 18,000 boxes . Each box has 100 pairs . It also needs about 1.2 million hooded overalls within the same time frame , but it has only 165,000 . The numbers are the latest setback in Liberia 's fight against Ebola , which has killed at least 2,458 people in the nation . This week , health workers in the nation went on strike to demand higher pay , leaving some clinics unattended . Since the outbreak started in March , about 9,000 Ebola cases and 4,493 deaths have been reported , mostly in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , according to the World Health Organization . More than half of the deaths have been in Liberia . And the numbers are expected to skyrocket . There could be up to 10,000 new Ebola cases per week in the three hardest-hit nations by the end of the year , the World Health Organization said . It warned that things will get worse before they get better . Liberia has some supplies arriving in the next week , but it says they are still insufficient . Items scheduled to arrive do n't include body bags . In addition to the three nations , a handful of Ebola cases have also been reported in Senegal , Nigeria , Spain and the United States .	Ebola has killed at least 4,493 people , mostly in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , WHO says Liberia is short of supplies needed to fight the virus Items lacking include protective suits , gloves and goggles The grim inventory highlights how ill-equipped the nation is to fight Ebola
MEXICO CITY  CNN  -- A moderately strong earthquake rocked Mexico City on Friday afternoon , shaking the earth in the sprawling capital . People in Mexico City stream into the street as a magnitude 5.7 earthquake hits . The U.S. Geological Survey measured the quake at magnitude 5.7 , and placed the epicenter near the city of Puebla , about 85 miles southeast of Mexico City . It hit at 2:24 p.m. local time . The Mexican seismological service measured the quake at 5.9 . People in the city reported the earth and buildings shaking . Thousands of panicked people streamed into the streets as stopped cars snarled traffic . Parts of the city were without electricity Friday afternoon but there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage . Earthquakes are a frightening experience for the 20 million residents of Mexico City , where thousands of people perished in a massive quake in 1985 . The city , built on volcanic ash and clay , is particularly vulnerable to temblors . Aldo Pontecorvo of the humanitarian agency World Vision said the shaking lasted about 20 seconds . It came out of nowhere and "  without any warning , " said Pontecorvo , who said he was in his office when the quake struck . Earlier this month , a moderate earthquake was measured off the coast of Mexico 's western Baja California peninsula .	U.S. Geological Survey measures quake at magnitude 5.7 Thousands of panicked people stream into the streets No immediate reports of injuries or damage 1985 earthquake killed thousands in Mexico City
CNN  -- Algeria 's president was in France on Saturday where he was being treated for a "  mini-stroke , " medical and government officials told the state-run Algerian news agency . President Abdelaziz Bouteflika 's condition was characterized as "  not serious , " Prime Minister Abdelmalek Sellal told the Algerian Press Service . The news agency reported the 76-year-old president was transferred to a Paris hospital for treatment . "  There was no reason for worry , " Rachid Bougherbal , the director of the National Center of Sports Medicine told the news agency . He said the president "  needs rest before continuing examinations . " Bouteflika was first elected president in 1999 . He is considered central to the stability of the country , overseeing the end of the country 's civil war , staving off Arab Spring uprisings and cooperating with Western powers in the fight against al Qaeda . He has said he will step down at the end of his term next year . Bouteflika has been rarely seen in public in recent years , which has led to speculation over his health . In 2005 and 2006 he underwent treatment at a hospital in France for what the Algerian government characterized as a stomach ailment , which prompted rumors he was suffering from stomach cancer . A U.S. diplomatic cable , released by WikiLeaks in 2011 , said the Algerian president was suffering from cancer , but was in remission . According to the Mayo Clinic website , the medical term for what is often called a mini-stroke is "  transient ischemic attack , " and produces symptoms similar to a stroke but usually causes no permanent damage . Such an attack "  may be a warning ... About 1 in 3 people who have a transient ischemic attack eventually has a stroke , " the website says .	Abdelaziz Bouteflika is being treated at a Paris hospital , state-run news reports Bouteflika 's condition is not serious , the prime minister says Bouteflika , 76 , was first elected president in 1999
Washington  CNN  -- Legendary performers mingled with Washington heavyweights as the 32nd annual Kennedy Center Honors paid tribute to five people on Sunday night . "  On a day like this , I remember , I 'm the president , but he 's ` The Boss , ' " President Obama said as he saluted Bruce Springsteen . The singer and songwriter was honored for his lifetime of contributions to the performing arts , as were writer , composer , actor , director and producer Mel Brooks ; pianist and composer Dave Brubeck ; opera singer Grace Bumbry ; and actor , director and producer Robert De Niro . Notables such as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , broadcaster Barbara Walters and television personality Jon Stewart helped fete the performers . Describing the honorees , the Kennedy Center said : "  With his hilarious movies and musicals , Mel Brooks has created comedic gems that will keep us laughing for years to come . Dave Brubeck 's genius has dazzled us for six decades and has helped to define an American art form . Grace Bumbry helped to break the color barrier on her way to one of the most illustrious operatic careers in the 20th century . "  One of America 's greatest cinematic actors , Robert De Niro has demonstrated a legendary commitment to his characters and has co-founded one of the world 's major film festivals . With his gritty and honest songs that speak to the everyman , Bruce Springsteen has always had his finger on the pulse of America . " The honorees are selected by the Kennedy Center 's Board of Trustees based on contributions to American culture , through dance , music , opera , theater , movies or television . This year 's celebration is to be shown in a two-hour special on CBS on December 29 .	Among those honored : Actor Robert de Niro , singer Bruce Springsteen Writer/actor/director Mel Brooks , jazz great Dave Brubeck , opera singer Grace Bumbry also on list President Obama , TV personality Jon Stewart among those saluting honorees
CNN  -- Heavyweight Dereck Chisora faces being sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control , after being called to a hearing next month following his brawl with fellow-Briton David Haye at a press conference on Saturday . Despite Chisora issuing an apology for the fracas , which occured after his points defeat to WBC champion Vitali Klitschko in Munich , the BBBC has released a statement saying that a hearing has been arranged for March 14 . Board secretary Robert Smith said : "  Dereck Chisora has been called to appear before the stewards of the British Boxing Board of Control on Wednesday , 14th March under Regulation 25  misconduct  , with regard to his behavior prior , during and after his contest for the World Boxing Council heavyweight championship against Vitali Klitschko on Saturday , 18th February in Munich . " Haye -- who retired from boxing following his defeat to Klitschko 's younger brother Wladimir last year and is therefore not under the jurisdiction of the BBBC -- had appeared at the press conference to take issue with Vitali 's management , who he claims have reneged on a deal to fight him later this year . But he soon became embroiled in a shouting match with Chisora , which resulted in the 28-year-old leaving his seat on the stage to confront Haye -- resulting in an unseemly brawl which saw Haye 's manager Adam Booth receive a gash to his forehead . During the incident , Chisora threatened to "  shoot " Haye a number of times and the Zimbabwe-born boxer has now "  wholeheartedly apologized " for his "  inexcusable " actions . "  I feel I must wholeheartedly apologize for my part in the regrettable scenes both before and after what was to be the biggest night of my career , " Chisora said in a statement . "  Whilst my behavior was inexcusable , there were many things that went on behind the scenes that ultimately caused my frustrations to boil over , however this is of course no excuse . " He added : "  I can not go into the specific details at the moment as quite rightly the British Boxing Board of Control will be investigating this matter . "  The bottom line is I have let my family , my team and , worst of all , the sport I love down . I acknowledge that my actions were totally unprofessional , with or without provocation . "  I have a duty as a professional boxer to conduct myself properly at all times , especially with boxing being a sport of controlled aggression . I have let lots of people down on Saturday night , including myself , and for that I am truly sorry . " Haye , who relinquished his boxing license in October when he officially retired , also issued a statement , although he stopped short of apologizing and pinned the blame for the fracas squarely on Chisora 's shoulders . He said : "  I realise I am no angel -- and do n't mind a bit of professional trash-talk to help raise boxing 's profile -- but , during my 21 years in the sport , I have never been involved in , or even witnessed , such a serious fracas . "  I shall happily assist the boxing authorities with any investigation they wish to launch and , ultimately , hope that all lessons learned from this will be implemented . " The brawl was the final act of a controversial weekend for Chisora , who received widespread criticism for slapping Klitschko during the pre-fight weight-in . And Haye continued his statement by adding : "  Moments before declaring he wanted to go face-to-face with me , Chisora assured the gathered media that he would give me ` two slaps ' . "  His weekend had already been shrouded in controversy but , despite this , Chisora climbed down from the top table , removed his robe and then walked towards me , entourage in tow , in an aggressive manner . "  I held my ground , but , unfortunately , he caused a serious disturbance to occur , something which threatened to damage the reputation of the sport we both love . " The incident , during which Chisora claimed Haye hit him over the head with a bottle , is still being investigated by Munich police , although police spokesman Gottfried Schlicht said : "  Until we speak to David Haye , nothing more can happen . "  We need both sides . We have heard from Dereck Chisora and now we wait to hear from David Haye . "	British heavyweight Dereck Chisora is called to appear before a hearing next month Chisora faces sanctions after his brawl with David Haye in Munich on Saturday The brawl occured after Chisora 's points defeat by WBC champion Vitali Klitschko
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Offensive remarks about China made by Australian tycoon and politician Clive Palmer have struck a chord on Chinese social media -- with some users actually seeing them in a positive light . The outspoken leader of the Palmer United Party went on a tirade on Monday night during a televised interview on Australian television channel ABC . When asked about his legal battle with Chinese firm CITIC Pacific Ltd , Palmer defended his position before launching into a verbal attack on China , calling the Chinese people "  bastards " and "  mongrels " who "  shoot their own people . " "  I 'm saying that because they 're Communist , because they shoot their own people , they have n't got a justice system and they want to take over this country -LSB- Australia -RSB- , " said Palmer . On Tuesday , Palmer clarified that his statements were meant for the Chinese state-owned company that he is locked in a dispute with , and not for the Chinese community or the Chinese government . ` Vicious attack ' Palmer 's words sparked outrage among Chinese and Australian citizens and officials -- though they did find support on Weibo , the Chinese micro-blogging platform . "  Please separate the Chinese people from the Chinese government . Smart people will know what he is really talking about , " wrote one Weibo user . "  If those who kill their own citizens are n't bastards , then what are they ? " "  He -LSB- Palmer -RSB- was clearly referring to ` Communist , ' not to China as a whole , and not about Chinese people . Global Times please do not take things out of context , " wrote another microblogger , referring to an opinion piece published in the state-controlled English-language news outlet , Global Times . The article described Palmer 's rant as a "  vicious attack by one of the Australian elite " and said that he had called "  a whole country ` bastard . ' " It also called for sanctions to be imposed on Palmer 's companies . Meanwhile , official voices continued to condemn the Australian businessman . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called Palmer 's outburst "  over the top , shrill and wrong " during an interview with an Australian radio station . He said the Chinese economic boom helped Australia get through the global financial crisis . "  Palmer 's words about China in recent days are totally irrational and absurd , " Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Qin Gang said in a statement released on Wednesday .	Australian tycoon Clive Palmer delivers scathing tirade against China The insulting remarks widely condemned in China and Australia Many Chinese took to social media to back remarks , believing them to be about their government
Dallas , Texas  CNN  -- At least four tornadoes spawned by Tropical Depression Hermine touched down in and around Dallas , Texas , on Wednesday evening , knocking down walls and smashing vehicles . Sirens went off in downtown Dallas as one funnel cloud was spotted in Cockrell Hill southwest of downtown , according to CNN affiliate WFAA . One tornado was reported in Ellis County and three in Dallas County , according to CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward . Aerial footage from the area showed buildings in an industrial complex with walls knocked down and roofs blown off . The roof of a tractor-trailer truck in a parking lot was caved in by cement blocks blown from a nearby building . Are you there ? Send your photos , videos to iReport A spokesman for the Dallas Fire Department said Wednesday night that damage seemed to be isolated to a warehouse district on Mockingbird Lane in the western part of the city . There was one serious injury , Jason Evans of the fire department said . A truck driver 's rig was picked up by the tornado , spun around and slammed into a warehouse . The driver was sitting in the cab of the truck when the front of the building collapsed on the truck . Further information on the driver and his injuries was not immediately available . CNN 's Ed Lavandera : Eyewitness to a torndado Operations at Dallas ' Love Field airport were shut down temporarily as a tornado approached the field , according to Lynn Lunsford of the Federal Aviation Administration . Tower personnel were preparing to evacuate when the tornado turned away at the last minute , Lunsford said . "  Tornadoes are a common phenomenon on the eastern side of landfalling tropical systems due to increased turning of the winds with height or vertical wind shear , " Ward said . Rescue workers across central and north Texas , meanwhile , plucked people stranded by fast-rising floodwater dumped by Hermine as it slogged northward . At least one motorist in Austin was missing . Texas Gov. Rick Perry directed the activation of state search-and-rescue capabilities , bringing in swift-water rescue teams , UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters and other resources . "  I urge all Texans to realize the dangers of crossing flooded roadways and respect the barricades put in place by officials to protect Texans ' lives , " Perry said in a written statement . Forecasters had said most parts of central and eastern Texas and Oklahoma could receive 4 to 6 inches of rain , but the numbers for some parts of Texas were staggering . Before the bulk of the storm moved out of Texas , Georgetown had received 13.2 inches of rain Wednesday , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Hydrometeorological Center . Cedar Park had received 12.9 inches ; Anderson Mill , 12.7 inches ; Killeen , 11.6 inches ; and Austin , 11.4 inches . Fort Worth had recorded 6.8 inches of rain , San Antonio , 6.7 inches and Houston , 4.4 inches . Aerial images showed scores of flooded streets and some rescues in Dallas . Portions of Austin had endured 15 inches of rain , and a middle-age motorist was missing after her car was washed away , Emergency Management spokeswoman Reyne Telles said . The car was found . Thirty-two roads were closed , and an engineer from the watershed department said this could be a 250-year event , Telles told CNN . "  I have n't seen anything like this happen here before , " said an employee at a County Line BBQ location near Bull Creek . "  One of the boat docks washed away , and there are boats and cars stranded in the river . " The restaurant was closed Wednesday but may reopen Thursday . The employee asked not to be identified . As of 5 p.m. ET , Hermine was about 135 miles  215 kilometers  southwest of Oklahoma City . It had maximum sustained winds of 25 mph  40 kph  and was moving at 12 mph  19 kph  . By late afternoon , radar showed the rain was centered on eastern Oklahoma , with a line extending down to the Mexican border in eastern Texas . "  Additional rainfall amounts of 3 to 6 Inches with localized higher amounts can be expected through Thursday from eastern Texas and Oklahoma into Missouri and Arkansas , " the National Hurricane Center said . Flash flood or flood warnings were in effect for much of those states . Meanwhile , newly formed Tropical Storm Igor was bringing "  squally " weather to the Cape Verde Islands on Wednesday , the National Hurricane Center said . Track Tropical Storm Igor As of 4 p.m. ET , the center of Igor was about 75 miles  120 kilometers  south-southwest of Praia in the Cape Verde Islands . It had maximum sustained winds of 45 mph  72 kph  and was moving west at 6 mph  9 kph  . The storm is expected to slowly strengthen over the next 48 hours , with a slight turn to the west-northwest and an increase in forward speed . A tropical storm watch was in effect for the southern Cape Verde Islands , including Maio , Sao Tiago , Fogo and Brava . Tropical storm conditions were possible in those locations in 12 to 24 hours , forecasters said . Tropical storm-force winds extended about 50 miles from Igor 's center . Forecast maps show Igor becoming a Category 2 hurricane early next week over the open Atlantic . CNN 's Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Truck driver seriously hurt when rig picked up Female motorist missing in Austin , Texas Rescue crews busy in Dallas , Fort Worth Tracking maps show Igor reaching Category 2 status over the Atlantic
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- African nations should have acted quickly to help quell the bloody fighting that has consumed parts of South Sudan this month , the President of the new country told CNN on Monday . As soon as an attempted coup took place and violence broke out , "  the original leaders and all African leaders should have come in with military support , " so that the rebels would be "  crushed once and for all , " President Salva Kiir said . However , he said , he did not ask them for help . East African nations have set Tuesday as a deadline for the two sides to engage in talks . If the other side , led by former South Sudanese Vice President Riek Machar , does not agree to talk , then "  we will fight , " Kiir vowed . "  In both cases , " he said , peace "  will be restored . " Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni , at a news conference , said that if Machar does not agree to talks , the other countries will "  go for him . " Asked what that means , he said , "  defeat him . " Machar could not be reached immediately for comment . Machar is a longtime rival of Kiir . The men are from tribal clans . Kiir is from the Dinka tribe , Machar from the Neur . Kiir accused Machar of trying to stage a coup . Machar has denied the claim . Fighting broke out on December 15 in the capital city of Juba . It quickly spread across the country , with reports of mass killings that were lent credence by mass graves . Militia persuaded to retreat Government officials have persuaded an ethnic militia loyal to Machar to retreat from Bor , Rachel Nyedak Paul , the deputy information minister in Juba , told CNN on Monday . An estimated 20,000 ethnic Nuer from the so-called White Army had been headed for the city , raising fears of more violence . Paul told CNN that she and other officials who are Nuer and originally from the North Jonglei province -- the same area where the White Army originated -- had a series of phone conversations with leaders of White Army on Monday . They told the leaders the current crisis was a political and not a tribal battle and told them to not get involved . The youths in the White Army are known for the white powder they use to cover their skin as an insect repellant . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Ugandan president vows the region will help ` defeat ' Machar if he does n't agree to talks African nations should have acted quickly with military support , President Kiir says The White Army is loyal to South Sudanese Vice President Riek Machar
Dakar , Senegal  CNN  -- Senegal remained tense Wednesday following days of violent protests over a court decision that allows the incumbent president to run for a third term . President Abdoulaye Wade , 85 , has been in office since 2000 . Wade plans to run for re-election this year despite a constitutional mandate that limits presidents to two terms . A court ruled in his favor last week after the incumbent argued he is exempt because he took office before the term limit was put into place . Throngs took to the streets in the West African nation this week to protest the Friday ruling , with protesters clashing with police in the capital Tuesday . In the capital of Dakar , an opposition group demonstration turned violent Tuesday night when a speaker called for protesters to march to the presidential palace . One protester died and dozens were injured , state media reported . Angry mobs burned tires and hurled stones at the police , who responded with tear gas and advanced in armored vehicles . Footage on local news stations showed a man run over by an armored car as he tried to run away from the police . A government official confirmed a protester died , but denied state forces were responsible , according to the state-run APS news agency . " We  police  were professionals to the end . The police never fired live ammunition at the demonstrators . People say it is the police vehicle which struck the young man who died : it is completely wrong . This is not true , " said Arona Sy , the Dakar police commissioner . Sy said authorities have checked all police cars dispatched to the protests . "  There is no trace of blood in the vehicle , " Sy said . Senegal 's opposition organized the rally to protest the ruling allowing Wade to run for a third term and call for the release of its leader and dozens of others arrested in the weekend rioting that followed the ruling . The group is also demanding that Senegal 's highest court , the constitutional council , allow three independent candidates , including Grammy-winning musician Youssou N'Dour , to seek the presidency . The court rejected their candidacies last week in the same ruling that granted Wade and 13 others spots on the February ballot . It ruled that the three rejected candidates failed to gather 10,000 valid signatures . The June 23 Movement , or M23 , is named after the date of protests last summer that forced Wade to withdraw a constitutional amendment that would almost guarantee his victory in the February 26 election . West Africa has a history of political strife , but Senegal has largely maintained peace and has never experienced a military coup . CNN 's Umaro Djau and journalist Nick Loomis contributed to this report .	At least one is killed Tuesday as Dakar protest turns violent , state media says Throngs take to the streets this week to protest a court decision Protests started after a ruling allowed the elderly president to run for a third term Senegal has largely remained peaceful in a region rocked by coups and political strife
Washington  CNN  -- Again stepping into the role of compromise-seeker , Sen. Susan Collins of Maine is launching what may be a long-shot effort to forge bipartisan compromise over a minimum wage increase . "  I 'm reaching out to members on both sides of the aisle about whether or not it 's possible , " the Republican told a handful of reporters Tuesday . "  I do n't know whether it is . " Collins laid out a possible framework she is floating in initial conversations : â $ cents Wages : Increase the minimum wage to something higher than the current $ 7.25 an hour , but lower than the $ 10.10 that Democrats want . â $ cents Hours : To bring in more Republicans , raise the number of hours that define "  full-time " employees under Obamacare . Currently individuals working 30 hours or more are "  full-time " under the law . â $ cents Small business : Add an extension of small business tax credits . Ryan budget aims to cut $ 5.1 trillion , balance in 10 years This is the latest example of Collins ' work toward finding space for a deal on large , divisive issues . She made one of the earliest proposals to avoid the government shutdown , spent weeks trying to find agreement on an unemployment benefits extension , and has regularly been a key vote allowing issues to come to the Senate floor . For Collins , $ 7.25 is too low . But , $ 10.10 an hour is just too high . "  I 've talked to employers in Maine who have said they would have to curb hiring and actually have to lay people off with that kind of increase , " she said , "  but they are open to a more modest increase , they could accommodate that . " But as Collins tries to find a middle ground , both sides of the debate continue digging in around polar positions . Obama takes minimum wage pitch to Michigan "  If  a bill  includes raising the minimum wage , then it 's a bad idea to put people out of work , " said Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania . He and many other Republicans cite a Congressional Budget Office report which concluded that a minimum wage increase would cost the country hundreds of thousands of jobs . Toomey was well known for his attempt at compromise over background checks on guns last year , but he insists he is not budging on the minimum wage . "  If you  increase it  on a smaller scale , that I suppose makes it less bad , but it 's still bad , " he said . As Republicans exclaim "  jobs , " those on the left shout "  poverty . " "  That minimum wage pay of $ 7.25 an hour is really a starvation wage , " said Sen. Bernie Sanders , the Vermont independent . He and many Democrats point out that the same CBO report concluded that raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 would lift 900,000 Americans out of poverty , but a lower increase would have just one-third the effect . He insists he wo n't settle for a penny less than $ 10.10 . "  No , I strongly believe we need to have a $ 10.10 minimum wage . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada took a similar stance in February . And what 's more , Democrats have been unyielding toward many potential changes to Obamacare , including proposals to redefine "  full-time " employees . That leaves Collins in the middle . Standing by herself outside the Senate doors , she smiled and stuck to her goal statement . "  I 'm trying to see if  a potential compromise  could garner sufficient support , " she told reporters . Reid has said a minimum wage vote could come up in the Senate as soon as next week . Asked for her timeline , Collins shrugged , "  Well , it 's coming up pretty fast . " Republicans hit a nerve when it comes to Obamacare	Republican Sen. Susan Collins is looking to see if a deal is possible Maine senator has a history of trying to find deals on big , divisive issues Democrats want to raise the minimum wage nearly $ 3 , to $ 10.10 an hour While it would cause some job cuts , the proposal would boost others from poverty
CNN  -- Atef ` Abd al-Qader Al-Atrash is a 32-year-old Libyan blogger , government critic , and a father of two young children . He has not been seen since a February 18 gathering near Benghazi . Amnesty International said in a briefing paper issued Tuesday that Al-Atrash is one of many people who have vanished in what they say is a "  campaign of enforced disappearances " -- a practice by pro-Moammar Gadhafi forces trying to squelch the opposition movement . The paper -- titled "  Libya : Detainees , Disappeared and Missing " -- explores more than 30 cases of people who have disappeared since protests started in the war-torn North African nation . Among those missing are political activists and "  those suspected of being rebel fighters or supporters of fighters . " "  It appears that there is a systematic policy to detain anyone suspected of opposition to Colonel al-Gaddafi 's rule , hold them incommunicado , and transfer them to his strongholds in western Libya , " said Malcolm Smart , Amnesty International 's director for the Middle East and North Africa . "  Given the circumstances of their enforced disappearance there is every reason to believe that these individuals are at serious risk of torture and ill-treatment . " Smart called on Gadhafi to "  halt this outrageous campaign and order his forces to abide by international law . " Amnesty says the documented cases "  are believed to represent only a small proportion of the total number of people who have been detained or have disappeared " recently in Gadhafi 's custody . Recent video indicates the extent of the problem . It shows prisoners roughed up and taunted by Gadhafi forces . Some of them say there were demonstrators and others deny it . "  The true number is impossible to establish , as the authorities in Tripoli generally do not divulge information about detainees they are holding and because many areas of the country are not accessible for independent reporting . Some relatives of detainees are also unwilling to publicize their names for fear of possible reprisals , " Amnesty said . Libyan officials did not immediately respond to efforts to obtain a response to the Amnesty International report . The cases include "  three broad categories , " the report says : -- Government critics , pro-democracy activists , writers and others detained in the days before the February 17 "  peaceful demonstrations " across Libya . "  They appear to have been arrested by the authorities as a pre-emptive strike in an effort to nip the protests in the bud following the public protests that had caused the downfall of longstanding repressive governments in Tunisia and Egypt , two of Libya 's neighbors . " -- Anti-government protestors and youths who went missing on February 20 , when the Kateeba al-Fadheel , a pro-Gadhafi special forces unit , was forced to evacuate from a military compound in Benghazi after violent clashes with protesters . "  Amnesty International has documented the cases of nine men and boys who have not been seen since they went to the Kateeba compound area on evening of 20 February 2011 , including four teenagers under 18 . " -- People captured in or near Ben Jawad , where there had been "  intermittent fighting . " "  Amnesty International has obtained information about a number of individuals who went missing in the area between Ajdabiya and Ben Jawad , west of Benghazi . Some are believed to have been fighters , others to be civilians who went to the area in order to assist the wounded , and still others people who may have been onlookers . " Amnesty said foreign journalists who had been detained and released "  have reported that they were beaten and assaulted and threatened with execution , in some cases even being subjected to mock execution , and have expressed concern about Libyans who they saw being mistreated in detention . " It said there are fears too that some detainees may be held "  as bargaining chips or to put pressure on their relatives and friends to deter them from joining the opposition . " The agency said its concerns "  are heightened by the long pattern of gross and widespread human rights violations " that have marked Gadhafi 's rule . "  These include enforced disappearances , extrajudicial executions , prolonged arbitrary detention , torture and other ill-treatment , as well as severe restrictions on freedom of expression and the rights to freedom of assembly and association . " Amnesty is urging the government to release peaceful protesters , ensure than any alleged captured fighters be treated humanely and given access to the Red Cross , and grant "  unhindered access " to humanitarian groups . As for Atef ` Abd al-Qader Al-Atrash , his family fears for his safety . One relative told Amnesty that "  he has simply disappeared , " and speculates he was taken to areas under the control of pro-Gadhafi forces . "  We kept trying to call his phone but never got through , until some days later when a man who spoke with a western  western Libyan  accent answered and said : ` this is what happens to those who throw stones at us ' . But Atef had never even thrown stones , " the relative said .	Amnesty International looks at more than 30 disappearances It appears to be a "  systematic policy , " it says There likely are many more unreported cases , the organization says
CNN  -- Hamas wants an end to Israel 's long blockade of Gaza and raids on the territory in any cease-fire that might put a stop to five days of weaponry plummeting from the sky , a top Palestinian official said Sunday . Hamas , the Palestinian militant group that has ruled Gaza since 2007 , said an Israeli airstrike killed a family of 10 on Sunday . Israel , meanwhile , said Hamas had fired nearly 150 rockets into Israel in a single day , and that the strike was aimed at killing one of the leaders of the militant group 's rocket corps -- but Israel was unsure whether he was among the dead . It was the latest violence in what has become a daily nightmare for millions in the region , one that puts Gaza 's 1.7 million residents and millions of Israelis in harm 's way . But an Israeli special envoy was in Egypt for cease-fire talks late Sunday , the Egyptian government said , and a stream of Arab League , U.N. and European diplomats were darting in and out of the region on similar errands . Nabil Sha'ath , a senior Palestinian negotiator , said Hamas is demanding an end to "  the harassment and draconian siege of Gaza that prevents anything from coming in or going out , so that there will be a normal life for the people of Gaza . " The territory has been under a crippling economic embargo since Hamas won control of the territory from the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority , which controls the West Bank . U.S. fears escalation to ground invasion But Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said Sunday that he is in "  continuing contact " with exiled Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal and called for Palestinian unity during the Israeli offensive . Sha'ath , also a Fatah leader , said Hamas wants Israel to stop targeting the leadership of Palestinian factions and to expand the waters Palestinian fishermen are allowed to trawl from three miles offshore to 30 . Sha'ath said the Palestinian goal was to reach not only an end to the latest fighting but a long-term cease-fire between Hamas and Israel . "  The attempt is to reach a real stable situation . That 's why they are asking for commitment on Israeli typical aggression and periodic incursions and constant shooting and firing at the fishermen in the sea , " he said . But rockets continued to fall on Israel on Sunday , and airstrikes continued in Gaza . Fresh sirens sounded Sunday in Tel Aviv , but the Israel Defense Forces reported that it had intercepted at least two rockets headed for the city with its "  Iron Dome " missile-defense system . A rocket struck a car in the Israeli town of Ofakim , while another hit a woman 's carport while she was inside her house in Ashkelon . Iron Dome is a game-changer , Israelis say And in Gaza , Hamas-run al Aqsa television showed images of children 's bodies being carried away from a house blown apart by an Israeli airstrike . They were among a family of 10 who died there , according to a Palestinian ambulance service . On Twitter , the al Qassam Brigades -- Hamas ' military wing -- called it a "  massacre committed by Israeli occupation . " But Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich , the IDF 's chief spokeswoman , told CNN that Yehya Bayaa -- a "  senior Hamas member " -- was targeted in the strike . The IDF identified Bayaa as one of the leaders of the Hamas rocket-launching unit . "  When I say a senior Hamas member , I mean members that have Israeli blood on their hands -- members of Hamas that planned either the abduction of soldiers or are very much involved in targeting Israelis , " she told CNN . Q & A : What is Hamas ? Leibovitch said the house was Bayaa 's home and suspected command center and that the Israeli military was examining video of the strike to look for signs of secondary explosions -- an indication that there were explosives inside . But late Sunday , she said she did not know for sure whether Bayaa had been killed . Israel also said Sunday that it was not to blame for the death of a Palestinian child last week -- a 4-year-old boy whose lifeless body was kissed by Egyptian Prime Minister Hesham Kandil during his visit to a Gaza hospital Friday . CNN visited the child 's home , which neighbors said had been bombed five hours previously . Neighbors and family members told CNN they heard an aircraft before the explosion . But the Israeli military told CNN on Sunday it did not carry out any airstrikes at the time of the child 's death . The IDF said had stopped its attacks for Kandil 's visit , raising questions about what caused the fatal blast . One possibility could be the misfire of a Hamas rocket intended for Israel , since CNN 's crew in Gaza said it saw two such rockets passing overhead -- apparently fired not far from where the boy lived . GPS : What does this all mean ? Israel launched its offensive on Wednesday in response to persistent rocket attacks from militants in Gaza . Early Monday , the Gaza health ministry said 76 people have been killed in Gaza during the ongoing hostilities . It was not clear how many of the dead were combatants . Earlier , the territory 's interior ministry said 20 children and eight women were among the dead . More than 660 people were injured , the interior ministry said . The IDF said one Israeli was wounded Sunday . Three Israelis had been killed and 69 wounded over the course of the conflict . Militants in Gaza had fired nearly 1,000 rockets at Israel , the IDF reported . More than 340 had been intercepted , including 41 of the 146 fired Sunday , the military said . Meanwhile , the IDF conducted 130 strikes during the day , it reported . The IDF , which has been touting the "  pinpoint " precision of its airstrikes via Twitter , said it had hit a slew of what it called "  terrorist " sites while sparing other damage . "  Terrorists put an underground launch site next to a mosque . We targeted the site . The mosque was unharmed , " the IDF said in one post , which was accompanied by military video of the raid . The Israeli military has also said that nearly 100 rockets fired from Gaza in recent days have crashed back into the strip . "  Hamas fires from civilian areas and hits its own people , " it said on Twitter . The Israeli government has called up 75,000 reservists and massed 30,000 troops across the border of the Palestinian territory , the IDF said . In Jerusalem , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told reporters that Israel is prepared to significantly escalate its operation against Palestinian militants in Gaza . "  We are exacting a heavy price from Hamas and the  other  terrorist organizations , and IDF is prepared for a significant expansion of its operations , " Netanyahu said before his weekly Cabinet meeting . The fighting has put new strains on Israel 's relationship with Egypt , which is attempting to broker a cease-fire . The Muslim Brotherhood-led government that took power in June has pledged to maintain Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel -- the cornerstone of what peace has been achieved in the turbulent region -- but sympathy for the Palestinians runs deep among Egyptians . On Egypt 's border with Gaza , about 500 Egyptian protesters crossed into the territory on Sunday in what their leader said was a show of solidarity with the Palestinians . They raised Palestinian flags and chanted , "  We are the youth of January 25 revolution , Palestine will be free ! Open the crossing , Israel is the enemy ! " "  We have broken the siege , " said Rami Shaath , the group 's main organizer . "  The Arab Spring has changed the region . We are happy to go in to support our Palestinian brothers , but it 's sad to hear the explosions of the Israeli bombing of Gaza all the way on the Egyptian side . We brought in small amounts medical supplies , food , and water , but our main message is political support to the Gazans . " Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby and 16 foreign ministers from the league 's member states will drive into Gaza on Tuesday for talks , a spokesman for the organization said . Meanwhile , Abbas will hold talks in the West Bank with Tony Blair , the envoy for the Mideast Quartet , and with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during their visits to the region in the coming days , said Saeb Erakat , a member of the PLO 's executive committee and an Abbas ally . The United States and several European countries have put the brunt of the blame for the current crisis on Hamas , an Islamic fundamentalist movement that has been branded a terrorist organization by the United States , Israel and the European Union . Those Western powers say Israel has a right to self-defense , while Arab and Muslim nations have accused Israel of being the aggressor . Rocket attacks into Israel were the "  precipitating event " for the fighting under way now , U.S. President Barack Obama said during a stop in Thailand on Sunday . "  We are actively working with all the parties in the region to see if we can end those missiles being fired without further escalation of violence in the region . " Obama said he has spoken with Netanyahu , Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , and Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan . He emphasized that "  those who champion the cause of the Palestinians should recognize that if we see a further escalation of the situation in Gaza , then the likelihood " of peace talks resuming that could lead to a two-state solution "  is going to be pushed off way into the future , " Obama said . CNN 's Sara Sidner reported from Gaza City ; CNN 's Fred Pleitgen reported from southern Israel ; and CNN 's Josh Levs from Atlanta . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Kindah Shair , Amir Ahmed , Jessica Yellin , Ben Wedeman and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll in Gaza climbs to 76 , says the Gaza health ministry Hamas demands an end to Gaza blockade , Israeli raids Israel says it conducted 130 strikes , intercepted 41 of 146 rockets Israeli envoy in Egypt for cease-fire talks
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A federal judge tentatively overturned the conviction of a Missouri woman accused of using MySpace to deceive a teenage girl who eventually committed suicide , a U.S. attorney 's spokesman told CNN . A jury convicted Lori Drew in November for accessing protected computers without authorization . A jury convicted Lori Drew , 49 , of O'Fallon , Missouri , in November on three misdemeanor counts of accessing protected computers without authorization . Prosecutors argued that Drew illegally used the social networking site to humiliate a 13-year-old girl , who authorities said killed herself after receiving derogatory messages . Drew was to be sentenced Thursday , but California U.S. District Judge George Wu -- who heard the case because MySpace is based in Los Angeles -- instead decided to not uphold the jury 's finding . Prosecutors based their case on a federal computer crimes statute that Wu is now challenging . Using the statute , prosecutors accused Drew of violating the social networking site 's terms of service , which prohibits creating fraudulent registration information , using accounts to obtain personal information about juvenile members and using MySpace to "  harass , abuse or harm other members . " Thom Mrozek , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles , told CNN that Wu said in court if Drew is convicted of illegally accessing computers , the guilty verdict would set a precedent and anyone who has ever violated MySpace 's terms of service could also be found guilty of a misdemeanor . "  It appears that the judge is basing his decision on his conclusion that the misdemeanor statute is constitutionally vague , " Mrozek wrote in an e-mail to CNN . Wu said his decision will become final once he files a written ruling , according to Mrozek . The misdemeanor charges -- which Drew is tentatively cleared of with Wu 's action -- stemmed from an elaborate hoax played out on MySpace . The prosecution accused Drew of using the site to inflict emotional distress on Megan Meier . Prosecutors alleged during the trial that Drew -- worried that Meier had spread malicious rumors about her daughter -- used MySpace to pose as a 16-year-old boy , "  Josh Evans , " who feigned romantic interest in Meier . Meier killed herself after the "  boy " spurned her and at one point told her via the Internet that the world would be a better place without her , according to prosecutors . Jurors declared a mistrial on a more serious conspiracy charge . Prosecutors sought the maximum three-year sentence for Drew on the misdemeanor convictions . The U.S. Justice Department plans to explore other legal options against Drew , Mrozek said . Prosecutors might appeal the case 's dismissal and consider refilling the conspiracy charge , he said .	California U.S. District Judge George Wu decided to not uphold the jury 's finding Prosecutors based case on federal computer crimes statute Wu is now challenging Jury convicted Lori Drew in November for accessing protected computers Prosecution said Drew used MySpace to inflict emotional distress on Megan Meier
Porto Santo Stefano , Italy  CNN  -- At first , Vivian Shafer said , she thought it was part of the magic show aboard her Mediterranean cruise . During the show , aboard the Costa Concordia , staffers had been "  playing with the lights " and using smoke , "  so we really were n't that alarmed " as things began happening on the ship , she said Sunday . Shafer said she and her traveling companion , Ronda Rosenthal , returned to their cabin after the ship gave a "  shudder , " but were reassured by their cabin steward the ship was experiencing a "  small technical difficulty . " And as the two got into bed , someone speaking on behalf of the ship 's captain made an announcement saying there was an electrical problem that would be fixed soon . However , it became clear that something was amiss aboard the 1,500-cabin luxury vessel , after the two heard announcements regarding lifeboats and muster stations . They dressed , grabbed their life jackets and went to investigate , coming upon a chaotic scene . "  We peeked around the corner to kind of see what people were doing ... and my gosh , people were actually getting in a lifeboat , " Shafer said . At least five people died after the Concordia ran aground on the tiny island of Giglio Friday night . Several others remained unaccounted for . Survivors recounted a frantic rush by passengers to get on lifeboats , while the crew appeared helpless and overwhelmed to cope . "  There was n't anybody to help you , " Shafer said . "  I mean , the passengers were loading the lifeboats by themselves . " Carnival Corporation , the parent company of Costa Cruises , said in a statement Saturday that it was "  working to fully understand the cause of what occurred . The safety of our guests and crew members remains the number-one priority of Carnival Corporation ... and all of our cruise lines . " Costa Cruises on Sunday said crew members on board the Concordia "  acted bravely and swiftly to help evacuate more than 4,000 individuals during a very challenging situation . We are very grateful for all they have done . " It said preliminary indications are that there may have been "  significant human error " on the part of the ship 's captain . Compounding the evacuation problems was that only one side of lifeboats was available as the ship was listing . Passenger Laurie Willits , from Ontario , Canada , said some lifeboats on the higher side got stuck , leaving people suspended in mid-air amid the sounds of children crying and screaming . "  It was so crowded , and there was no room for us , " said Brandon Warrick , who was sailing with his siblings . They arrived late , he said Sunday , and "  it was just bad , like mad scrambles to get into the lifeboats . Nobody followed any procedure . The crew was yelling for people to wait their turn and pretty much it was just a giant every man for himself , to get onto the lifeboat . " He said his family hung back because "  we did n't want to make it worse . " His sister , Amanda Warrick , said she thought several times that she might die , as they waited at least an hour and a half for more rescue boats after all the lifeboats departed . As the ship took on water and listed to the side , "  We were just holding onto the railing , trying not to fall , " Brandon Warrick said . "  I just remember standing on the decks , " Amanda Warrick said . "  There were barely any people left . " She said she did n't see any crew members "  until the very last minute " and they were given no information about how long they would have to wait or whether any more help was coming . Her primary concern , she said , was staying with her brothers . "  There was no way that we were going to be separated . " Costa Cruises said Sunday its crew members hold a certificate in basic safety training and are trained to assist in emergency situations . Every two weeks , the company said , all crew members perform a ship evacuation simulation . Shafer said the only help they received from the crew was one young woman who approached her and told her to tighten her life vest . "  I was really disappointed and surprised , " she said . "  The crew was so young . You would have thought they could have handled it better . " She said she thinks passengers should at least have been told to grab their coats , shoes and warm clothing . Rosenthal said she believes the two waited at least 40 minutes to get on a lifeboat . The two had just embarked at the Italian port of Civitavecchia , she said , and had not undergone the mandatory safety drill , scheduled for the next evening . However , she had just taken a cruise and so she knew where the life jackets were stored , she said . "  Lack of communication was a big thing for me , " she said , "  and it was n't the language barrier ... it was n't handled at all like the previous cruise I had been on . " Even on shore , she said , people were wandering around aimlessly . She said once she and Shafer got on board a lifeboat , people were angry with them , as the boat was crowded . She did not clarify whether the crew members or other passengers were angry . Passenger Benji Smith on Saturday recounted making his own rope ladder to save himself and his wife . "  It was the Marx brothers , watching these guys trying to figure out how to work the boat , " he said . "  I felt like the disaster itself was manageable , but I felt like the crew was going to kill us . " After helping passengers , some said , crew members jumped overboard and swam ashore . Smith said even the safety presentation was more of a "  sales pitch " for shore excursions . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Livia Borghese , Laura Smith-Spark and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : The cruise line says crew members acted "  bravely and swiftly " Passengers recall chaos as people scrambled for lifeboats One passenger says she thought several times she might die "  Nobody followed any procedure , " said passenger Brandon Warrick
TIME.com  -- Another victim of superstorm Sandy 's devastation in New York : laboratory animals representing years of critical medical research . When the New York University  NYU  Langone Medical Center lost power as Sandy buffeted New York on Monday night , the back-up generators malfunctioned and the hospital was forced to evacuate around 300 patients to neighboring hospitals . The patients were saved , but the power outage left one of the medical center 's animal research facilities in the dark , and the New York Daily News reported that thousands of laboratory mice may have drowned , resulting in the loss of years of research , cell cultures and tissues that had to be abandoned in failing incubators . The Smilow Research Center , one of NYU 's three animal research facilities , lost unique strains of mice when the power outage restricted access to the 13th floor research center , ABC News reported . The center held specimens critical to NYU scientists ' research in heart disease , cancer and neurodegeneration . The center "  was adversely impacted by the severity of the flood surge and the speed with which it came on , " according to a statement from the NYU Langone Medical Center . "  Animal resource staff was on site continuously to mitigate the damage from the storm , but due to the speed and force of the surge , animal rescue attempts were unsuccessful . " TIME.com : Lessons from storm Sandy : When hospital generators fail Dr. Michelle Krogsgaard , a cancer biologist at the center , told ABC News that she and her colleagues were allowed into the lab to rescue whatever they could from the failing fridges . "  We could lose everything we 've done since I started at NYU six years ago , " she told ABC . "  All the work we did , all the time and money , we 're going to have to start all over . " Other New York City research institutions like The Rockefeller University did not lose power , nor valuable research , but the scientists sympathize with the NYU researchers ' loss . "  We feel badly for the mice and for the science that was disrupted and The Rockefeller University is obviously committed to helping NYU scientists in this difficult time , " says Ravi Tolwani , the associate vice president and senior director at The Rockefeller University 's Comparative Bioscience Center , which is involved in the care of the institute 's research animals . TIME.com : How disasters bring out our kindness As for what was comprised , Tolwani says that most institutions like Smilow and Rockefeller base their biomedical research on mice , since the animals are relatively easy to manipulate genetically . This makes them an ideal model for understanding the biology of human genetic defects . "  When we modify mice to modify genes , those modifications made are unique to that specific mouse strain . That may be the only mouse strain that 's available for a specific genetic defect in the world , " says Tolwani . "  Those mice are not replaceable , or they 're not very easy to replace . The effort to actually generate those mice is lost , and whatever science has been done on those mice is stopped . " Not only is years worth of research potentially lost for the NYU scientists , but it will also take years to recover their work with new mice . To make new strains with the appropriate modifications can take anywhere from one to two years , and the researchers must breed a significant amount of the mice to replicate their studies . "  It 's devastating , " says Tolwani . "  Science is a very competitive field , and it is rapidly advancing . Even reproducing those strains and having to wait to use them is devastating to their science because research advances very quickly . You can imagine that scientists ' lives are actually disrupted . " TIME.com : Breast milk during the storm : With power gone , moms safeguard their stash For many researchers and students working on their doctorates and dissertations , their work and projects are now in jeopardy . Without their specimens , researchers will have difficulty getting published and receiving grants for their work . As NBC News reports , it is possible the NYU scientists shared their mice with other institutions who requested the mice for collaborative study , in which case some of the strains may be recovered in a relatively short time . However , Tolwani says for more recent and unpublished studies , this is unlikely . "  Before the science on these mice is published , there will not be as much sharing . I would guess that the majority of the mice were not shared with other investigators . Therefore those mouse strains were lost , " he says . It 's possible that the NYU researchers preserved sperm and embryos from their lab mice , which could make recovering any unique strains slightly easier , but even that may take time and put the researchers further behind . The effects of Sandy , it seems , will be felt long after the floods have receded and the power comes back on . TIME.com : Storm Sandy closed schools , but were officials too eager to cancel class ? This story was initially published on TIME.com . Storm destroys valuable medical research & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Mice representing years of research reportedly died as NYU hospital lost power Among the losses was a unique strain of mice critical to research Making new strains could take one to two years
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Amber Rose insists the "  irreconcilable differences " ending her marriage to Wiz Khalifa is his cheating , not hers . Tabloids and blogs have published several variations on the speculation of who 's is cheating on whom , but the actress-model-singer insisted in a tweet Thursday it was not her . "  Please stop with the fake stories . I would never ever ever cheat on my husband in a million years I think u guys know this ... " she tweeted Thursday morning . A few minutes later , Rose told her 2 million Twitter followers : "  Unfortunately my now ex husband ca n't say the same ... " Representatives for each have not responded to CNN 's requests for comment . Rose , whose legal name is Amber Levonchuck , wants full custody of the baby boy she shares with her hip-hop husband , according to a Los Angeles County court spokeswoman . Wiz Khalifa tweets jail selfie She married Wiz Khalifa , whose legal name is Cameron Thomaz , just 14 months ago , seven months after the birth of Sebastian Thomaz . The couple separated Monday , and she filed her divorce petition Tuesday . "  I 'm devastated and crushed but my main focus is Sebastian , " Rose also tweeted Thursday . "  Thank u for all the support in this difficult time . " Khalifa appeared to put on a happy face Monday , despite the split , tweeting : "  Smile for the day . " Amber Rose seemed to ponder the past Wednesday , tweeting : "  Reliving that moment over and over and over ... smh " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	NEW : Amber Rose : "  I would never ever ever cheat on my husband in a million years " The couple separated last Monday , and she filed her divorce petition Tuesday Amber Rose seeks full custody of the young son she has with Wiz Khalifa
Washington  CNN  -- Secret Service investigators interviewed Omar Gonzalez twice , well before he scaled a White House fence with a large knife in his pocket , determining both times that they did n't have enough reason to keep him , a law enforcement official told CNN on Tuesday . Gonzaelez , a 42-year-old Iraq war veteran who apparently suffers from PTSD , hopped the north fence late last Friday and sprinted just inside the north portico White House doors before being stopped , Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary has said . At the time -- which happened to be mere minutes after President Barack Obama and his daughters flew via helicopter from the South Lawn to Camp David -- Gonzalez had a Spyderco VG-10 folding knife with a 3Â 1/2 - inch serrated blade in his pants , according to an affidavit . In his car , he had more than 800 rounds of ammunition , two hatchets and a machete . Secret Service beefs up presence An official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said soon after the incident that Gonzalez was known to the Secret Service even if he had n't been arrested by the agency before . On Tuesday , the details of these interactions became clearer . Investigators from the Secret Service -- whose mission includes protecting U.S. leaders -- interviewed Gonzalez after his July 19 arrest in Wythe County , Virginia , on charges of possessing a shotgun and sniper rifle as well as eluding and evading arrest . Virginia State Police contacted the Secret Service after tying Gonzalez to a map with a circle around the White House or a line pointing to it , said the law enforcement official . The FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were also notified . The discovery of the map led Secret Service investigators to ask Gonzalez standard protective intelligence questions and then let him go after determining that he did not pose a threat to the President , according to the law enforcement official . "  That could easily be explained as somebody who wants to tour DC , " the official said of the map , explaining why it was n't tied to any devious plot . Just over a month later , on August 25 , Secret Service agents stopped Gonzalez outside the White House 's South Lawn after noticing he was carrying a camping hatchet . The agency knew then of the Virginia incident , and the related Secret Service interview , from the previous month , the law enforcement official said . Once again , Secret Service investigators talked to Gonzalez at the agency 's Washington field office . The law enforcement official said that -- after getting permission from Gonzalez -- the Secret Service found empty gun cases in his car . Investigators figured the cases were empty because Gonzalez 's guns were seized in the July arrest , the official said . When asked why the Secret Service did n't detain Gonzalez at this point , the law enforcement official responded , "  For what ? ... We ca n't randomly commit people . " Gonzalez 's former stepson , Jerry S. Murphy , told CNN 's Mary Grace Lucas that Gonzalez suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and paranoia . Murphy said Gonzalez 's mental state seemed to deteriorate after each of his three deployments to Iraq . The Secret Service is reviewing security policies and procedures in light of last Friday 's incident at the White House , as well as one the following day . In that separate incident Saturday , a man -- identified by Leary as New Jersey resident Kevin Carr -- was arrested on an unlawful entry charge after he allegedly drove up to a security barrier and tried to walk to and enter the White House . In addition to its internal review , the Secret Service in recent days has done things such as increasing the number of officers patrolling near the White House and boosting surveillance measures . The agency has also set up a makeshift fence -- basically bike racks zip-tied together -- along the North Lawn as a temporary response to Friday 's incident , according to the law enforcement official . May : Lost driver ends up in White House motorcade CNN 's Jim Acosta reported from Washington , and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan , Ashley Fantz , Cassie Spodak , Erin McPike , Mary Kay Mallonee and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Omar Gonzalez jumped a fence , made it in the White House before getting caught The Secret Service interviewed him twice before that incident , an official says Once came after a July arrest on a gun charge ; he also had a White House map The other was in August , after being stopped with a hatchet outside the White House
CNN  -- In what is becoming an annual rite of fall , tablet makers are rushing to release a fresh selection of devices this month in time for the competitive holiday-shopping season . Let 's start with market leader Apple , which is expected to unveil new iPads on Tuesday in San Francisco . At 1 p.m. ET , Apple CEO Tim Cook will take the stage in front of an auditorium of journalists and announce updated products with the help of some videos , other Apple executives and possibly a live product demonstration or two . We 'll be live-blogging the announcement here at CNN.com / tech . The main attraction is expected to be upgrades to Apple 's iPad line of tablets . The iPad Mini will likely inherit the high-resolution retina display that came out on last-year 's full-size iPad . The fifth-generation iPad will probably get a slight design makeover , slimming down and dropping a bit of weight . Expect to see faster processors speeding up both devices . A fingerprint-sensor security system , like the one on the new iPhone 5S , is also a possibility but is less likely . There have also been rumors , fueled in part by Apple 's "  We still have a lot to cover " invite , about a keyboard cover for the iPad , like the ones on Microsoft 's rival Surface tablets . Apple also could include some Mac upgrade news by announcing release dates for the new , redesigned Mac Pro and its latest Mac operating system , OS X Mavericks .  Analysts do n't expect to see a refreshed line of iPods this time around . Nor will we likely see a smartwatch or an Apple TV set . Sorry . But Apple 's not the only tablet manufacturer announcing news this week . Microsoft is releasing the latest versions of its Surface tablets , and Nokia is expected to announce new Windows 8 devices on Tuesday . But as rivals catch up to the once-dominant iPad and the marketplace gets flooded with new tablets , it 's getting harder for competitors to set themselves apart . "  Tablets are a maturing market ; there 's not much competitors can do to differentiate at this point . " said Sarah Rotman Epps , a senior analyst at Forrester Research . "  Replacement sales are growing much , much faster than new sales worldwide , " she added . "  You 're competing for customers you already have . " Now the companies are going after emerging markets , and that 's where price will be a more important factor , Epps said . "  Everyone is looking at Apple as the gold standard ...  and  in that position they do n't have to hit rock bottom with their prices to justify their product , " she said . Touchscreen tablets have become hugely popular since the first iPad was released in 2010 . According to a recent study by the Pew Internet and American Life Project , 35 % of all Americans older than 16 now own a tablet , and 24 % have e-readers like Amazon 's Kindle . The hunger for tablets , which are quickly crowding out the PC , is expected to jump another 79 % by 2017 , according to research firm IDC . Apple is still the dominant tablet manufacturer , but competing products are steadily nibbling away at its lead . In the second quarter of this year , Apple had 32 % of the global tablet market , a sharp decline from the 60 % it had the same time a year before , according to IDC . Samsung is the second-largest tablet maker . This year , people will weigh features like price and size -- tablets can start at 6 inches  typically a hybrid between a smartphone and a tablet  and go up to 10 inches or more . Most have only slight differences in exterior design , including variations in weight and thickness , texture and color . But when it comes to giant flat rectangles with one side dominated entirely by a screen , it 's the software , speed and screen quality that matter most . Some people are loyal to specific ecosystems , choosing Android or iOS products based on the apps and content they already own or the selection of popular apps available for the devices . Some devices promote unique features , like the new Kindle HDX from Amazon that features live , video-chat tech support available anytime for free . Google released a new version of its 7-inch Nexus tablet over the summer . Samsung also has a line of popular Galaxy Tab Android devices .	Apple is expected to announce updates to its line of iPad tablets on Tuesday The iPad Mini will likely get a higher-res screen ; larger models will get lighter , faster Microsoft and Nokia are also expected to announce tablets this week Apple sells the most tablets worldwide , followed by Samsung
CNN  -- He 's enjoyed unprecedented success off the court , now Roger Federer has helped pave the way for some major changes at the U.S Open . As president of the ATP Player Council , the 17-time grand slam champion , from Switzerland , has helped to negotiated a hike in prize money to $ 50 million by 2017 , nearly double the figure in 2012 . The United States Tennis Association  USTA  confirmed the tournament -- the season 's final major -- will also rejig its schedule to ensure the men 's semifinals are played on Friday with the final reverting to Sunday by 2015 . It marks the culmination of a year 's worth of discussions with the game 's top players , led by Federer , but also including world No. 1 Novak Djokovic . "  The -LSB- USTA -RSB- approached our concerns with a true spirit of partnership , and as president of the ATP Player Council I am personally grateful for their support , " five-time U.S. Open winner Roger Federer said in a statement on the tournament 's official website . "  The U.S. Open is very special , and we all look forward to great competition at Flushing Meadows later this year , and in the years yet to come . " Under the terms of the five-year deal with the men 's ATP Tour and the women 's WTA Tour , the tournament will now have a 2013 prize purse of $ 33.6 million -- a record $ 8.1 million increase from 2012 . Grass roots tennis will also see a boost in funding and Flushing Meadows in New York , which hosts the competition , will also be revamped , with a new Louis Armstrong Stadium and Grandstand . "  We welcome the commitment the USTA has made concerning player prize money at the U.S. Open through 2017 , " said Brad Drewett , ATP executive chairman and president . "  These increases are the largest in the history of the sport , representing a significant step forward in truly recognizing the input the players have in the success of the U.S. Open . "  We also welcome the decision from the USTA to adopt a schedule with the men 's semifinals completed by Friday and the final on Sunday , from 2015 onwards . " The USTA announced in December 2012 it was moving the women 's final back to Sunday and the men 's final to Monday to allow the players more rest time . Poor weather in recent years has seen the men 's final take place on a Monday for the past five years , with some players having to play their semifinal and final on consecutive days . But though the schedule will remain in place for the next two installments , by 2015 the U.S. Open will come into the line with the other majors and become a 14-day tournament . "  We applaud the USTA 's long-term commitment to increased and fair compensation for our athletes , " said Stacey Allaster , WTA chairman and CEO . "  For 40 years the USTA has been a leader for equality and for women 's tennis , and today 's announcement is a testament to their continued bold vision for the sport . " Recently , the game 's top male players , like Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic , called for more stringent drug testing , prompting the International Tennis Federation to announce they were introducing biological profiling into the sport . "  The USTA has a long-term vision in place to ensure that tennis continues to thrive in the United States , " said David Haggerty , USTA chairman and president . "  This vision encompasses every level of the sport , from energizing existing fans , to attracting new players , to ensuring the U.S. Open remains one of the world 's most prestigious sporting events . "  With this unprecedented commitment to long-term prize money and recognition of the value that players bring to the sport , we will gain stability for the sport so that we can focus our energy on growing the game and ensuring tennis ' vitality in the U.S. for years to come . "	U.S. Open announces a rise in tournament prize money to $ 50 million from 2017 Tournament also hikes prize money for 2013 competition by a record $ 8.1 million Men 's final to revert to Sunday rather than Monday as of 2015 Flushing Meadows also to be revamped as part of the five-year agreement
A distraught mother who lost her young sons in the tidal surge of Super Typhoon Haiyan feels her life is over . "  I guess I 'm just thinking to jump from that building , " Gelenbelle Vergara tells CNN 's Karl Penhaul on Sunday . "  This is what would be my life 's worth . My sons are dead . I just pray that I also dead with them . What would be my life worth now ? " She combs the debris , scours the morgues and pours over the list of victims found in Tacloban , Philippines . "  I do n't have sons I do n't know if they 're dead or where their bodies are I do n't know if dogs in the street are eating their bodies already . " Along with nearly 4,000 deaths , about 3 million people have been displaced , communities have been flattened and looting and violence have erupted . Survivors ask , ` Where was God ? ' The United States and Britain are bolstering their military assets to urgently help millions of hungry and homeless Filipinos -- socked , soaked and dazed more than a week after the typhoon clobbered the midsection of the Philippines . "  Right now , the U.S. military capability is continuing to grow , " U.S. Marine Brig. Gen. Paul Kennedy told CNN on Sunday . "  We need to get life-sustaining aid immediately out to the stricken population . Food , water , shelter , medicine -- those are the basics . " Kennedy said numerous aircraft -- such a dozen C-130 cargo airplanes , more than a dozen MV-22 Ospreys and several dozen UH-60 helicopters -- are being deployed . About 9,000 U.S. troops are supporting the operation in the Philippines , a U.S. military official said . U.S. military assets have delivered approximately 623,000 pounds of relief supplies . As the Royal Australian Air Force drops off another load of supplies and humanitarian workers in Tacloban -- one of a number of nations helping this devastated country -- the piles of aid stack up on an airport tarmac "  It 's chaotic , but every day , it 's improving , going out to affected communities very quickly , " said USAID official Ben Hemingway Sunday . Thousands of refugees converged on the Tacloban airport terminal hoping to jump on the planes as they leave . "  I do n't know what to do right now , " one mother told CNN . "  All I can think about is my daughters . I have to save them first . " The British ship HMS Daring arrived in Cebu on Sunday to provide medical assistance , emergency supplies and clean water to stranded victims , the UK government said . "  HMS Daring 's arrival is a major boost to DFID 's disaster experts and medical teams already deployed in the Philippines , " Britain 's International Development Secretary Justine Greening said , referring to the Department for International Development . Baby born in wreckage clings to life "  This Royal Navy vessel will help us open a lifeline and allow us to help many more victims of the disaster , " she said . The Philippine central government is being criticized for a slow and disorganized response to what all agree is a catastrophic event . The nation 's disaster agency said between nine million and 13 million people were affected in 44 provinces , 536 municipalities and 55 cities . The United States and Britain are among nations across the globe racing against time to help Philippine authorities in a massive relief effort of delivering food and water to the devastated swaths of the archipelago . When the typhoon hit the central part of the country on November 8 , many lost their homes and electric power . As the days went by , thousands were scrounging for food , clean water and medical aid . Nancy Lindborg , an assistant administrator for the U.S. Agency for International Development , told CNN on Sunday the United States has been focused "  on getting the logistics up , bringing in food , shelter and getting the water system back on tap . " She cited a bit of progress in helping the infrastructure in Tacloban , a major city that was ground zero for the typhoon strike . "  Yesterday , we were able to support UNCIEF in bringing the water system back on stream , " she said . "  There are now 150,000 people in Tacloban being served by clean water . " Crews continued to collect bodies from streets , with the official death toll raised Sunday to 3,976 .	"  I 'm just thinking to jump from that building , " a desperate mother says U.S. military capability "  continuing to grow , " bringing food , water , shelter , medicine British ship HMS Daring arrives in Cebu Water system in Tacloban getting "  back on tap , " USAID official says
CNN  -- Naledi means "  star " in Tswana , one of the languages spoken in Botswana . So when Kemi Kalikawe gave her lifestyle store that name , she decided to add a sparkle to her business . "  My brand is Africa revamped , " she says . "  Africa getting a modern twist and just bringing the West and Africa together and marrying them into something beautiful . " Kalikawe grew up in Botswana , as the name of her store suggests , but her business is in the thumping heart of Tanzania 's biggest city , Dar es Salaam . Funky fabrics Shoppers who visit her store find jewelry , sandals and vibrantly-colored outfits on the shelves . Some of Kalikawe 's garments even use indigenous Tanzanian fabrics like the Khanga and Kitenge . "  I make dresses , I cater mostly for women , " Kalikawe explains , "  and I do jewelry and also sandals , which have all got an influence of African fabrics . " Whilst taking a tour of the store , Kalikawe points out one her favorite dresses , "  I love it because it defies what Tanzanians think of the Tanzanian Kitenge , which is funky , it 's stylish , and it can be worn anywhere . " With such a variety of designs , fabrics and patterns on display it 's clear that Kalikawe 's work is her passion . "  Sometimes I see a fabric and it just speaks to me , " she says . "  So I take that and start thinking of what I can do to bring out its beauty . " Career change As a child , Kalikawe dreamed of working in the design industry , but she ended up studying marketing in England . She soon realized she was n't cut out for the advertising world and moved to Kenya to study interior design . "  The school that I was going to also had fashion design . I ended up wanting to find ways of promoting fashion designers and so I put on a show for them , " she explains . "  When I came back to Tanzania , I worked with the British Council ... and my job was to find underground fashion talent and put them on the stage . That 's how I ended up making my own dresses ... and the people that would come to the show loved my clothes . " That background is reflected in her store , where she promotes other entrepreneurs alongside her own creations . "  I choose to include other designers because there is n't particularly a space where designers can showcase their work , " Kalikawe says . "  It 's expensive to open your own store . So this was something that gave me that chance to promote other designers plus sell my own things , " she adds . Like Kalikawe , many women in Africa are capitalizing on their entrepreneurial skills . In fact , the continent leads the world in the number of women starting businesses , with almost equal levels of male and female entrepreneurs . Overall , Africa has a higher proportion of female entrepreneurs compared to other regions , with Nigeria and Zambia  both 40.7 %  topping the charts . The stats reveal that countries like the United States  10.4 %  , the UK  5.5 %  , and France  3.1 %  have a less equal business landscape . Overcoming obstacles Over its six year lifespan , Nalendi Lifestyle has established a reputation and a steady stream of clients . But it was n't always so easy for Kalikawe . "  I had to find a place that was close to my customers , so I shopped around for different places where I could share with somebody who had an existing space and they were not using it . I had to do a lot of convincing when I finally got the space that I am in now , " she remembers . But getting a physical presence was n't the only obstacle Kalikawe had to overcome . She says that creating advertising and getting people to know that her shop was there took time . "  It 's lucky that I am right by the road , so that way when people pass by I put mannequins outside with my dresses . " While she has faced difficulties , Kalikawe has no regrets ; "  I totally love what I do , " she says . "  From a kid , I 've always known I was going to work in the industry ; in design industry somehow . I am so fortunate that I am actually doing what I love to do . " Read this : Shunning medicine for jewelry Read this : Luxury shoes put sparkle in your ste Read this : Flip-flops to rubber masterpieces	Naledi Lifestyle store sells clothes and home products in Dar Es Salaam , Tanzania Kemi Kalikawe creates products that bring together African and Western styles Before starting her business Kalikawe studied marketing in England Kalikawe struggled to find a place to base herself in Dar Es Salaam
CNN  -- Jennifer Tyrrell , an Ohio den leader dismissed by her local Boy Scout troop for being a lesbian , said she 's disappointed her 7-year-old son is no longer participating in the Scouts . "  He 's no longer a Boy Scout , " Tyrrell said Wednesday of removing her son , Cruz , from the group . "  And we 're sad about that , but we ca n't support an organization that does n't support our family . " Tyrrell is now engaged in a campaign with Change.org , a left-leaning political group , to raise awareness of the policy of the Boy Scouts of America , garnering 140,000 signatures and saying that she ultimately wants the national organization to reverse its position . "  This is n't about my sexuality ; this is n't about anybody 's sexuality , " Tyrrell said . "  It 's about teaching children to be better adults , and we are n't doing that by teaching them to hate or discriminate . " LZ Granderson : Boy Scouts feel a mother 's wrath A 2000 U.S. Supreme Court decision found that a New Jersey law requiring the national organization to readmit an openly gay Scout Master infringed the organization 's First Amendment right of expressive association and that it had a constitutional right to oppose homosexuality in its ranks . "  Forcing a group to accept certain members may impair the ability of the group to express those views , and only those views , that it intends to express , " then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist wrote at the time . He added that the decision was not meant to approve or condemn the Scouts ' view on homosexuality . The Boy Scouts of America said in a statement that its "  membership standards are founded on the values , expectations and beliefs of those we serve . " "  We recognize that there will be a range of views on this topic , and Scouting 's policy is not meant as a social commentary outside of our program , " Boy Scouts of America spokesman Deron Smith said . The Girl Scouts of America has a decades-old policy of nondiscrimination .	Jennifer Tyrrell was dismissed by her Boy Scout troop for being a lesbian Tyrrell is now engaged in a campaign with the Change.org U.S. Supreme Court overturned New Jersey law requiring troop readmit gay Scout master The Girl Scouts of America has a decades-old policy of nondiscrimination
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama signed an executive order Monday repealing a Bush-era policy that limited federal tax dollars for embryonic stem cell research . President Obama signs the executive order on stem cell policy Monday at the White House . Obama 's move overturns an order signed by President Bush in 2001 that barred the National Institutes of Health from funding research on embryonic stem cells beyond using 60 cell lines that existed at that time . Obama also signed a presidential memorandum establishing greater independence for federal science policies and programs . "  In recent years , when it comes to stem cell research , rather than furthering discovery , our government has forced what I believe is a false choice between sound science and moral values , " Obama said at the White House . "  In this case , I believe the two are not inconsistent . As a person of faith , I believe we are called to care for each other and work to ease human suffering . I believe we have been given the capacity and will to pursue this research -- and the humanity and conscience to do so responsibly . " Watch as Obama announces he 's lifting the funding ban " The president pledged to develop "  strict guidelines " to ensure that such research "  never opens the door to the use of cloning for human reproduction . " Such a possibility , he maintained , is "  dangerous , profoundly wrong and has no place in our society or any society . " Obama 's order directs the NIH to develop revised guidelines on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research within 120 days , according to Dr. Harold Varmus , president of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and co-chairman of Obama 's science advisory council . "  The president is , in effect , allowing federal funding of human embryonic stem cell research to the extent that it 's permitted by law -- that is , work with stem cells themselves , not the derivation of stem cells , " Varmus said in a conference call with reporters Sunday . While conceding that "  the full promise of stem cell research remains unknown " and "  should not be overstated , " Obama nevertheless expressed hope that the order will help spur faster progress in the search for cures to afflictions such as Parkinson 's disease , cancer and spinal cord injuries . See a map of nations that have taken a lead in using human embryos in stem cell research " Researchers highly value embryonic stem cells because of their potential to turn into any organ or tissue cell in the body . Stem cells have this ability for a short time . A few days before the embryo would implant in the uterus , it starts to develop into specific cells that will turn into skin or eyes or other parts of a developing fetus . Watch a doctor explain why embryotic stem cells are so important " When the embryo is 4 or 5 days old , scientists extract the stem cells and put them in a petri dish . With the removal of these stem cells -- of which there may be about 30 -- the embryo is destroyed . Twenty-one of the 60 stem cell lines authorized for research under the Bush policy have proven useful to researchers . Bush twice vetoed legislation -- in July 2006 and June 2007 -- that would have expanded federally funded embryonic stem cell research . At the time , Bush maintained that scientific advances allowed researchers to conduct groundbreaking research without destroying human embryos . Conservative leaders echoed Bush 's rationale in their criticism of Obama 's decision . "  Advancements in science and research have moved faster than the debates among politicians in Washington , D.C. , and breakthroughs announced in recent years confirm the full potential of stem cell research can be realized without the destruction of living human embryos , " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Sunday . Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama , said the Bush policy imposed proper ethical limits on science . "  My basic tenet here is I do n't think we should create life to enhance life and to do research and so forth , " Shelby said Sunday . "  I know that people argue there are other ways . I think we should continue our biomedical research everywhere we can , but we should have some ethics about it . " The issue of whether to lift the ban on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research has , however , exposed a clear rift between the more moderate and conservative factions of the GOP . In February , a group of six moderate GOP congressmen sent a letter to Obama urging him to lift the funding ban . Former first lady Nancy Reagan also issued a statement Monday thanking Obama for lifting the ban . "  These new rules will now make it possible for scientists to move forward , " Reagan said . "  Countless people , suffering from many different diseases , stand to benefit from the answers stem cell research can provide . We owe it to ourselves and to our children to do everything in our power to find cures for these diseases . " President Reagan was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease after leaving office -- an affliction that many scientists say eventually may be cured with the help of embryonic stem cell research . Obama 's presidential memorandum , however , may turn out to have a broader impact than his executive order . The memorandum is expected to create a clear change of tone from the Bush administration on a broad range of scientific issues . Bush 's critics argued the former president allowed political factors improperly to influence funding decisions for science initiatives as well as to skew official government findings on issues such as global warming . Watch a GOP congressman say Obama is ` behind the times ' " Obama 's memorandum directs the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy "  to develop a strategy for restoring scientific integrity to government decision-making . " In a thinly veiled criticism of his predecessor , Obama reiterated a promise to base "  public policies on the soundest science " as well as to "  appoint scientific advisers based on their credentials and experience , not their politics or ideology . "	NEW : Former first lady Nancy Reagan thanks President Obama for lifting funding ban Obama : "  We have been given the capacity and will to pursue this research " Bush-era policy on embryonic stem cell research reversed Advocates : Move could boost medical progress ; critics object to embryo destruction
CNN  Mystery surrounds the fiery weekend death of Jessica Chambers , but the Mississippi teen may have given firefighters a clue in her killing , a prosecutor said Wednesday . The volunteer fire department that responded to her car blaze Saturday night got there quickly because it was at another call a couple of miles away , said John Champion , district attorney for Mississippi 's 17th Circuit . When firefighters arrived at the scene near Courtland , Mississippi , Chambers approached one of them and spoke . She was not on fire , as has been widely reported , the prosecutor said . Champion did n't divulge what she said but told CNN , "  It has certainly given us a lead we 're following up on . " Chambers , 19 , was loved by everyone who knew her , older sister Amanda Prince told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  She was crazy . Very athletic . Outgoing . She was just ... Jessica , " Prince said . "  She was happy all the time . She made everybody laugh . " Prince said her sister had talked about becoming a nurse and also wanted to become an author . Investigators looking at cell phone Though authorities are releasing sparse details of the crime and investigation , they have determined an accelerant was used in the blaze , but it 's not clear whether the accelerant was poured on the car or Chambers herself , Champion said . The state fire marshal is processing the evidence to determine what type of accelerant , and it 's possible the evidence will need to be sent to the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives in Atlanta , he said . Prince said she was told the attacker had gotten into the car and set Chambers on fire inside the vehicle . Peter Odom , an attorney who prosecuted some arson cases , told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " that investigators are looking for something in particular when they interview people involved in the case . "  They 're looking for someone with singed eyebrows and maybe burned hands . Because the burner often gets burned , " he said . Investigators believe her phone will be "  the key to everything , " the prosecutor said . She received a call before she left her house , he said . An autopsy was performed but results have not been made public . Sister : She was supposed to come home Despite reports she was going to a party , her appearance -- her hair was in a bun and she was wearing camouflage pajama pants -- suggests that was n't the case , Champion said . Police have also spoken to partygoers , who do n't recall seeing her there , he said . Prince said her sister called their mother from a gas station and said she would be home right after she cleaned her car . The prosecutor also said investigators found no evidence in a store surveillance video that appears to show Chambers prepaying for gas . She walks to the store 's front door when something or someone catches her attention . She waves and walks off camera briefly , comes back into the camera 's view , enters the store where three men chat by the doorway and spends about a minute at the counter before going back outside and pumping gas . The business , which Champion characterized as a rural mom-and-pop store , is about 2 miles from Chambers ' home . She purchased something to drink there , the prosecutor said . The clerk who helped her said nothing seemed out of sorts . "  She seemed normal , " Ali Alsanai told CNN affiliate WREG . "  She did n't seem like something was going wrong , you know ? She just seemed normal . She just pumped some gas , we had a talk , and she left . " A Facebook page titled Justice for Jessica has drawn more than 75,000 likes and that number was climbing rapidly Wednesday . The page states it was created "  to keep Jessica 's name alive & out there . " "  They have ripped everything I have , " Jessica 's mother , Lisa Chambers , told CNN affiliate WMC . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Dave Alsup and John Murgatroyd contributed to this report	Jessica Chambers ' words to firefighters have "  certainly given us a lead , " prosecutor says DA : Investigators believe she received call , her phone will be "  the key to everything " Emergency responders found her badly burned on a rural road in Panola County , Mississippi Sister describes Chambers as outgoing , funny , happy all the time
Congress is debating legislation that will limit Americans ' right to keep and bear arms and infringe on the right to privacy . The Bill of Rights was made part of our Constitution explicitly to protect freedoms : the freedom of speech , protection against searches without a warrant , the right to trial by jury and the right to protect oneself with a firearm . I am compelled to stand up for every amendment and right enumerated in the Constitution . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is attempting to push forward with gun control legislation . The chief problem I have is that nothing in this legislation would have prevented the terrible massacre in Newtown , Connecticut . I am open to ideas that would help prevent tragedies , but this legislation would not have saved us from the national heartbreak of the December school shooting . I oppose legislation that undermines Americans ' constitutional right to bear arms . I worry that legislation mandating more regulations on law-abiding citizens will lead to an infringement on the ability to exercise constitutional rights without being subject to government surveillance . I also worry that these efforts will merely disarm the people who follow the law and empower those who ignore it . Along with Sens. Mike Lee of Utah and Ted Cruz of Texas , I circulated a letter promising to "  oppose any legislation that would infringe on the American people 's constitutional right to bear arms , or on their ability to exercise this right without being subjected to government surveillance . " We have been joined by Sens. Marco Rubio , Jim Inhofe , Jerry Moran , Richard Burr , Ron Johnson , Mike Enzi , James Risch , Mike Crapo , Dan Coats and Pat Roberts . But more senators need to stand up for our Second Amendment rights or the rights will be lost . Both the left-leaning American Civil Liberties Union and the right-leaning Heritage Foundation have raised privacy concerns about the legislation pending before Congress . Chris Calabrese of the ACLU was quoted recently saying that he worries about submitted gun control legislation that may lead to the "  creation of government databases and collections of personal information on all of us . " David Addington of the Heritage Foundation worries that "  loose language " in the submitted legislation may lead to the government keeping "  centralized records of who received what guns and where . " These are privacy concerns that I share . Potentially on the table are new laws that would outlaw firearms and magazines that hold more than 10 rounds as well as require universal background checks , which effectively restrict the right of law-abiding citizens to buy guns at gun shows and give or sell them to friends and family without having to get the government 's permission . One version of the legislation pending before the Senate goes so far as to empower the attorney general to tax gun transactions and creates a new felony crime for knowingly failing to report for more than 24 hours that a gun has been lost or stolen . Legislation being pushed by Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California arbitrarily bans certain weapons . President Barack Obama has conceded that this idea may not pass during a comprehensive gun debate , yet I worry that the idea may come up again once Congress passes the first round of gun control . Americans exercise their right every day to protect themselves and their families . Recently , a 14-year-old Phoenix boy shot an armed intruder who broke into his home while he was baby-sitting his three younger siblings . The children were home alone on a Saturday afternoon when an unrecognized woman rang their doorbell . After the teenager refused to open the door , he heard someone trying to break into the house . The boy hurried his younger siblings upstairs and collected a handgun from his parents ' room . When the boy rounded the top of the stairs , a man was standing in the doorway with a gun pointed at him . The boy shot the intruder and possibly saved the lives of his three siblings . It is terrible that a young boy had to go through this experience , but it is just one example among many of armed citizens protecting themselves and the public from very bad people . I stood up for the Fourth and Fifth amendments during a filibuster a few weeks ago to address the president 's constitutional authority to use drones against American citizens and the limits of executive power . Now I am prepared to protect the Second Amendment "  right of the people to keep and bear arms . " I stand ready to stand up for the Sixth Amendment right to a trial by jury , as I will stand up for any other infringement of our Bill of Rights . Our rights are not subjected to polls . Whether it is popular or not popular , I took an oath to the Constitution , and I am prepared to stand with other senators or alone to protect the freedoms that our Founding Fathers fought to preserve .	Rand Paul says he vowed to uphold all constitutional rights , including gun ownership Paul : Nothing in proposed gun laws would prevent tragedies such as the Newtown massacre Paul : More regulations could lead to government surveillance , disarm law-abiding people More senators need to stand up for the Second Amendment or rights will be lost , he says
Los Angeles and London  CNN  -- Can the roof of your house help you breathe easier by reducing the amount of harmful pollutants from urban air ? "  Yes , " claims John Renowden , vice president of technology at Boral Roofing , a U.S. company that has introduced a line of roof tiles that they say have pollution-busting properties . Based near Los Angeles , the most ozone-polluted city in the U.S. , according to 2012 rankings by the American Lung Association , the company says its "  Smog-Eating Tiles " improve air quality by neutralizing smog-forming nitrogen oxides released by most vehicles  read more about smog in our fact box  . The tiles are coated with titanium dioxide , a photocalyst that can oxidize harmful air pollutants emitted in the burning of fossil fuels . When exposed to natural light , the titanium dioxide breaks down nitrogen oxides in the air and turns them into harmless calcium nitrate . "  Calcium nitrate ... washes off your roof with normal precipitation and is a regular garden fertilizer , " said Renowden . He notes that the tiles typically add between $ 600 - $ 1000 to the price of tiling an average roof . He adds that over a one-year period , the tiles on a 2,000 sq/ft house can oxidize nitrogen oxides "  equivalent to driving 10,000 miles a year in your car . " Read more : Ancient ` air-conditioning ' cools building sustainably Boral Roofing claims to be the first construction company in the U.S. to introduce titanium dioxide coatings to roofing products . The technology originates in Japan and has been adopted in Europe by a number of industries . In the last few years , it has been used in the production of several products , including eco-friendly cement , architectural panels and paints . The de-polluting properties of titanium dioxide , a compound commonly used as a white pigment in paints and plastics , were tested in a European Commission-backed project in 2005 . "  Tests in urban settings determined that some pollutants , such as nitrogen oxides , which are a major pollutant contained in exhaust gases , could be reduced by 20-70 % , " according to the European Commission 's Environmental Technologies Action Plan . Read more : The eco artists turning trash into treasure Air pollution is one of today 's biggest urban problems . It poses a serious threat to the health of city dwellers , according to experts . Air pollution -- outdoor and indoor -- is estimated to cause more than two million deaths a year worldwide , according to Maria Neira , director of health and environment at the World Health Organization . "  It is definitely one of the biggest health challenges we are confronted with today , " she said . Exposure to urban air pollutants can increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases and cancer as well as trigger asthma attacks , she added . A recent study on the UK 's air quality by MIT pollution experts Steve Yim and Steven Barrett found that traffic pollution is killing more people than road accidents per year , causing 13,000 premature deaths on an annual basis . A brief uptick in traffic-related air pollution may also be enough to increase a person 's short-term risk of stroke , another report found in February this year . Four in 10 Americans live in counties with dangerous levels of either ozone or particle pollution , according to the American Lung Association . The organization 's recent State of the Air 2012 report found that California is home to many of the country 's most polluted cities , with Los Angeles continuing to top the list of ozone-polluted cities thanks to its heavy road traffic and trade ports . Renowden says that more sustainable solutions are needed in the fight against urban air pollution . "  We have to move past our oil dependence but it wo n't happen overnight , " he said . Read more : Hacking the city for a greener future Janice Nolen , national policy adviser at the American Lung Association , says that rather than dealing with the harmful effects of air pollution , the focus should be on tackling the problem at source . "  What we have found historically in any kind of pollution is that the best way to tackle the problem is to clean up the sources , " she said , "  rather than trying cleaning it up afterwards when it 's in the air . " "  If you can keep those raw ingredients that make up ozone from coming out of the tailpipes and the smokestacks , then you do n't have to worry so much about cleaning it up later on , " adds Nolen . Isha Sesay , CNN contributed to this story .	"  Smog-eating tiles " can oxidize the smog-forming nitrogen oxides released in the air The technology is used in a number of industries for the creation of eco-friendly products Experts warn air pollution poses a serious threat to the health of city dwellers Los Angeles has the highest levels of ozone pollution in the United States
Fast Company  -- Microsoft has dialed up its competition in the search-engine wars with the introduction of a daily deals facility on Bing . Microsoft knows daily deals are the hottest meme at the moment , so its announcement is suitably cheeky and aggressively street-hawkeresque  we kid  : "  Calling all bargain hunters , deal lovers , Groupon groupies and Living Social fanatics ! Things just got easier " it trumpets , making no bones about mentioning the biggest name in daily deals right now , Groupon , to gin up interest in its service . Bing Deals arrived Thursday on desktop PCs and smartphones  where it 's possibly most useful  via Bing 's dedicated , simpler , mobile site m.bing.com . It promises to give access to "  more than 20,000 unique offers in over 14,000 cities and towns across the U.S. " But how has Microsoft managed to amass such a diverse coverage and ad-partnership pool already , you may wonder ? The answer is that Bing , unlike Google 's more head-on direct competitor efforts , is actually assembling daily deal offers from sites like Groupon , Living Social , Restaurant.com "  to name a few " into one location , making it easy to work out where you can find a super-cheap purchase , or perhaps a spontaneous birthday gift for someone . It 's using technology from The Dealmap  "  a leading source for people to find and share the best local deals "  to power its systems , which means as well as location-based deal discovery , you 'll also be able to share results with people via email . It seems the system is spread throughout Bing , as well -- if you search for a local restaurant using Bing , then the engine will "  make sure you know " about any deals that establishment may have available by listing them directly beneath the business details in the search window . The system appears ideal for consumers previously uninterested in deals sites like Groupon -- which may offset the slight brand erosion each of these individual sites may suffer as their deal offers are wrapped into Bing 's front-end UI . In launching daily deals , Bing is stepping up its competition with Google and jumping aboard the  already bursting  daily deals bandwagon . With new data suggesting total revenues from daily deals services could reach as much as $ 6 billion by 2015 in the U.S. alone , this is a fast-growing market segment that Microsoft simply ca n't ignore . So how can Microsoft grab a share of this if it 's just gathering together everyone else 's deals ? By selling ads to you when you surf to its pages . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Microsoft introduces daily deals facility on its Bing search engine Ad : "  Calling all bargain hunters , deal lovers , Groupon groupies and Living Social fanatics " Bing Deals arrived Thursday on desktop PCs and smartphones
Rolling Stone  -- With Jennifer Lopez and Steven Tyler both leaving the judges ' table on American Idol , the search is on for their replacements -- and now , add Charlie Sheen to the list of interested candidates . Calling into On Air with Ryan Seacrest Tuesday , Sheen chatted with the Idol host about the judge job , noting that producer Nigel Lythgoe had said something about offering Sheen the opportunity . "  It kind of came out of nowhere and I responded with a quote , just to sort of check the temperature of it or test the waters . Have n't heard anything back , " Sheen explained . "  I guess it got some people curious . " Sheen added that he would be interested if the producers would match 20 percent of his salary to two foundations of his choosing , if the numbers and scheduling made sense for him and if FX  the network that airs Sheen 's new sitcom Anger Management  allowed him to do it . "  It seems so out of the blue that it almost made perfect sense , " he said . "  I thought this could be a lot of fun . " When Seacrest asked Sheen if he saw himself giving feedback to contestants , the actor responded , "  Oh yeah , absolutely ! And being very honest but not , like , creating any suicidal moments , you know ? " Seacrest promised to pass the news onto Lythgoe and Sheen added an emphatic , "  Seriously , tell him I 'm genuinely interested . It 's so different , it could be radical . " In expressing interest in the Idol gig , Sheen joins a club that currently also includes former show runner-up Adam Lambert and the Queen of Soul herself , Aretha Franklin -- the latter of whom sweetened the deal when she promised to bring Patti LaBelle on as her sidekick . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Sheen told Ryan Seacrest that talk of him as an "  Idol " judge "  kind of came out of nowhere " The actor said he is genuinely interested in being on the show Seacrest promised to pass the news on to "  Idol 's " producer
