Istanbul  CNN  -- "  Basat al reeh . " "  Dulab . " "  Falaqa . " They are Arabic names for torture techniques that send chills through the hearts of Syrians , particularly the untold thousands who are believed to have been detained during the uprising of the last 15 months . "  We suffered torture all the time , " said Tariq , an opposition activist from the port city of Latakia who spent 40 days in solitary confinement in spring 2011 . He told CNN he endured "  dulab , " in which torturers force the prisoner 's legs and head into a car tire before beating them , and "  basat al reeh , " in which the prisoner is tied to a board and beaten . "  They threw cold water on our naked bodies and they also urinated on us ... they are really good at what they do , " said Tariq , who now is in Turkey helping mobilize men and weapons to rebels inside Syria . According to a report published Tuesday by the New York-based human rights organization Human Rights Watch , the Syrian government has been carrying out "  a state policy of torture " as part of an effort to crush dissent throughout the unrest . Human Rights Watch identified 27 detention centers across Syria where torture was systematically inflicted on prisoners , according to testimonies from more than 200 former prisoners and security officers who defected . Rights group cites ` state policy of torture ' in Syria as stream of defectors reported "  It is a network of torture chambers that the authorities are using to intimidate and punish people who dare to oppose the government , " said Ole Solvang , a Human Rights Watch researcher . "  Nobody knows how many people are being detained , how many are being tortured , " he added . "  But one local activist group has collected names of 25,000 people in detention . The numbers are absolutely staggering . " Human Rights Watch titled its report "  The Torture Archipelago " in an overt attempt to link the Syrian prison system to the notorious Siberian gulags described in Alexander Solzhenitsyn 's Soviet dissident novel "  The Gulag Archipelago . " The system is being run by at least four intelligence agencies collectively referred to as mukhabarat , or secret police , the report says . Those agencies include the Department of Military Intelligence , the Political Security Directorate , the General Intelligence Directorate and the Air Force Intelligence Directorate . "  The authorities also established numerous temporary unofficial holding centers in places such as stadiums , military bases , schools and hospitals where the authorities rounded up and held people during massive detention campaigns before transporting them to branches of the intelligence agencies , " Human Rights Watch reported . The Syrian government routinely denies allegations of such abuses . Recently , Syria 's ambassador to the United Nations walked out of a meeting of the U.N. Human Rights Council in protest after the Syrian regime was accused of committing crimes against humanity . But the eyewitness accounts gathered by Human Rights Watch as well as by CNN throughout the 15-month crisis are overwhelming . Though most of the torture victims in Human Rights Watch 's report were men ranging from 18 to 35 years of age , the organization also interviewed women , senior citizens and children who said they were tortured . "  They electrocuted me on my stomach , with a prod . I fell unconscious , " said Hossam , a 13-year-old boy who told Human Rights Watch he was detained in the town of Tal Kalakh in May 2011 . "  When they interrogated me the second time , they beat me and electrocuted me again . Clinton : World may not succeed in Syria "  The third time , they had some pliers and they pulled out my toenail . They said , ` Remember this saying , always keep it in mind : We take both kids and adults , and we killed them both . ' I started to cry , and they returned me to the cell . " CNN has also interviewed more than a dozen Syrians who described enduring beatings , electrocution and horribly crowded conditions in prison cells . A dentist who was arrested for secretly providing medical care to wounded demonstrators told CNN in February that he endured beatings , near-drownings in buckets of toilet water and electric shocks to his genitals during 45 days in a prison cell that was built for 60 people but held 130 prisoners . "  They started beating me and asked me , ` Who did you help ? ' " the dentist recounted . "  I said , ' I helped an old lady . ' Then they started beating me even harder . " The accounts of brutality match those shared by a former mukhabarat officer who said he was repeatedly ordered to torture prisoners until he defected and fled to Turkey with his family last year . "  Whatever we wanted the prisoner to say , he would say . Not what he wanted to say , whatever we ordered him to say , " said the former officer , who spoke to CNN outside a refugee camp in Turkey where he had been living for months . "  We took their fingernails out with pliers and we made them eat them . We made them suck their own blood of the floor , " the officer added . Photos : In Syrian hospital , no escape from war The officer 's descriptions of the detention facility where he worked in Damascus matched the descriptions of a former prisoner who had spent months incarcerated in the same building . That former prisoner 's finger was still mangled after it was crushed during a torture session in the Damascus facility . The officer said prison guards used grim humor during their interrogation sessions . "  We would bring the prisoner and put him in the ` basat al reeh ' or the ` dulab ' and start beating him , " he said . "  He would scream ` for God 's sake , ' and we would say OK , bring the ` for God 's sake ' stick . He would scream ` for my mother , please " or ` for -LSB- the prophet -RSB- Mohammed . ' And we would bring the ` my mother ' stick and the ` for Mohammed ' stick . Every stick had a name . " "  At the core , the crisis in Syria is about human rights violations , " said Solvang , who has traveled into Syria to gather evidence and testimony for "  Torture Archipelago . " "  That is what is driving the crisis and driving people to take up arms . " The Human Rights Watch report includes satellite maps showing the exact location of detention centers . It also lists the names of commanders of individual detention centers . Human Rights Watch is urging the U.N. Security Council to refer Syrian officials to the International Criminal Court for alleged crimes against humanity . "  Those who commit these abuses do so with complete impunity , thinking they will never have to answer for this , " Solvang said . "  By publishing these names , we are really putting them on notice , saying they will have to answer for these violations . " Syrian military defector : ` Those who were injected are lucky ' Journalist Omar al Muqdad contributed to this report .	Human Rights Watch has released a report on Syria 's "  state policy of torture " The report includes testimony from former prisoners , security officers Among the victims , the report says , are women , senior citizens and children Syria 's government routinely denies allegations of such abuse
Lionel Messi 's remarkable La Liga scoring streak came to an end on Sunday as Barcelona celebrated reclaiming the Spanish title with a less than convincing 2-1 win at Atletico Madrid . Messi started his first domestic match since the end of March , but was taken off in the 68th minute having apparently failed to recover from the injury problems that have dogged the latter part of his season . It meant his run of having scored in 21 successive league matches came to a halt , but Barca did recover from 1-0 down when he left the pitch despite needing to complete the match with only 10 men having made all possible replacements . The victory that leaves the Catalans on course to match Real Madrid 's points record from last season . Having clinched a fourth title in five seasons when second-placed Real could only draw with Espanyol on Saturday , Barca went behind five minutes after halftime in the Spanish capital . Gabi dispossessed Gerard Pique and fed the ball to striker Radamel Falcao , who netted his 28th goal this season to stay third in the "  Pichichi " scoring stakes behind Messi  46  and Cristiano Ronaldo  34  . Alexis Sanchez leveled the score five minutes after Messi departed , toe-poking in a low shot after combining well with Cesc Fabregas for his 10th in La Liga . The Chilean was then booked after taking off his shirt to reveal a Mother 's Day message . Barca 's winner came with 10 minutes to play , and was equally unrepresentative of the elegant play usually associated with the club . Striker David Villa scuffed a shot which deflected off Diego Godin and -- apparently going wide of the goal -- then hit Gabi before bobbling into Thibaut Courtois ' net . Ugly as it was , it means Barca can equal Real 's tally of 100 points by winning the last three games . Atletico stayed third after the defeat , but can still win a trophy this season by beating city rivals Real in next Friday 's Copa del Rey final . Valencia climbed into the fourth Champions League place with a 4-0 win at midtable Rayo Vallecano , moving a point above Real Sociedad -- who host Granada on Monday . Sixth-placed Malaga drew 0-0 with Sevilla , while seventh-placed Real Betis won 1-0 at home to second-bottom Celta Vigo , with Ruben Castro scoring the second-half winner . France Paris Saint-Germain clinched a first Ligue 1 title since 1994 after winning 1-0 at third-placed Lyon on Sunday . Midfielder Jeremy Menez scored the only goal in the 53rd minute to put big-spending PSG seven points clear of Marseille with two matches to play . It gave coach Carlo Ancelotti a league title in three countries , having previously won in Italy with AC Milan and in England with Chelsea , while star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic celebrated a championship in his fifth different nation . January signing David Beckham came on for a brief cameo in time added on , and is now the first English player to be involved in title-winning teams in four countries . It also represented the first trophy for PSG 's Qatari owners , who have spent a reported $ 320 million on players since taking a controlling share in 2011 . "  We fulfilled our objectives of winning the Ligue 1 title and going a long way in the Champions League , " said Ancelotti , whose team reached the quarterfinals of Europe 's top club competition before losing to Barcelona on away goals . "  The squad has worked very hard and were always very professional . " The club 's president Nasser Al-Khelaïfi added : "  I am delighted to have won this title after two very tough years . We deserve to win this trophy . We were happy that Marseille won yesterday , because we wanted to win the league with a victory in this match . "  It 's a magnificent moment for the club and our supporters . I am so proud of our fans who have been right behind us through thick and thin . They deserve this title too after 19 years . "	Barcelona star Lionel Messi unable to continue his 21-game domestic scoring run Four-time world player of year goes off during 2-1 win over Atletico Madrid Paris Saint-Germain win French title for the first time since 1994 Sunday 's 1-0 win over Lyon puts PSG seven points clear with two games left
CNN  -- Smartphone makers have long touted the appeal of their high-definition display screens . Soon they 'll be able to add high-definition sound to the mix , too . "  HD Voice , " also known as wideband audio , is a technology designed to make a caller 's voice , and other noises , sound on phone calls as close as possible to how they do in person . On Monday , AT&T Senior Vice President Kris Rinne confirmed that the company plans to roll out HD Voice later this year , making it the latest major player officially adopting a mobile feature that , unlike many in recent years , actually has to do with making phone calls . "  HD Voice is part of our voice-over-LTE strategy , " said Rinne , speaking at the VentureBeat Mobile Summit in Sausalito , California , speaking of the next generation of cellular phone networks . In January , T-Mobile announced HD Voice was available on a handful of phones including the Samsung Galaxy S III and HTC One S . The carrier also said last month it will have HD Voice on the iPhone 5 , to be rolled out on T-Mobile 's networks in the U.S. for the first time later this month . Verizon has said it plans to implement the technology in 2014 and Sprint has said it plans to make HD Voice an option on the Sprint-exclusive HTC Evo 4G LTE . Mobile carriers now have the ability to improve sound quality by transmitting it over their 4G LTE networks , as opposed to the more limited telephone lines of the past . In simple terms , the human voice has a much wider frequency range than traditional phone connections have the bandwidth to handle . As a result , sounds that are too high or too low get compressed to fit . Wideband audio is , as its name suggests , wider than traditional voiceband . It 's not as broad as the entire range of the human voice , but it 's closer . It might take a while before our on-the-go conversations are pin-drop clear , though . For HD Voice to work , both phones need to be equipped to capture and transmit the higher-quality sound . And , at least initially , they 'll need to be on the same network , though the carriers are working to expand that . Wireless carriers have been rolling it out elsewhere for a couple of years , but only now is the technology beginning to be offered nationally in the United States . When Apple unveiled the iPhone 5 in September , the company announced that the phone is equipped for HD Voice and that 20 carriers around the globe would have the ability to offer it . But while it 's widely available in parts of Europe and elsewhere , the United States has been slow to catch up . Folks who have had a chance to test the feature have been impressed . PCMag 's Sascha Segan tested out AT&T 's version at the Consumer Electronics Show in January and called it "  really striking . " "  Background noise just drops out . The bustle of noises in a coffee shop ? Gone . Airport PA announcements ? Zapped , " Segan wrote . "  Even in a quiet room , voices become much , much richer ; I wo n't sound like a nasal Gollum any more . "  It 's really lovely . ... But I 've seen this demo a bunch of times before . I 've seen this demo for two years . Someone needs to actually launch the service . "	HD Voice , which improves voice-calling clarity , is coming to more U.S. networks Feature expands frequency range of sound transmitted by phones AT&T confirmed its plans to add HD Voice later this year T-Mobile , Verizon and Sprint are also looking at the new technology
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- Half a mile underground , the hollow echo of the Chilean national anthem rings out . And slowly , the red , white and blue Chilean flag is hoisted up a makeshift metal flagpole . These are the opening images of a new , nine-minute video the 33 miners sent Saturday from the cavern where they 're trapped 700 meters  2,300 feet  down . They were putting a brave face on disaster to celebrate Chile 's Independence Day in their own way . It was left to Bolivian Carlos Mamani , the only one of the men who is not Chilean , to record an Independence Day message . "  I would like to send a special message to Chilean President Sebastian Pinera for helping us all in this difficult time . I would also like to send a message of thanks to Bolivian President Evo Morales who has been supporting my family , " said Mamani , originally from the Bolivian mining town of Oruro . At one point in the video , Mario Sepulveda waves a white towel in one hand and his miner 's helmet in the other and demonstrates some nimble footwork as he dances Chile 's national folk dance known as the "  cueca . " Other miners clap and music plays from one of the MP3 players rescuers have sent into the mine to entertain the men . Sepulveda jigs around in lightweight rubber boots , a red T-shirt and blue shorts -- items of clothing that were sent down to him and the other miners via an 8-cm  4 inch  borehole nicknamed the "  umbilical chord . " The hole was drilled into the mineshaft after they were discovered alive on August 22 . Since then , all emergency supplies , including food , water and clothing , are sent down the narrow shafts . The San Jose mine , in the northern Atacama Desert , caved in on August 5 and the men were initially feared dead . Prior to the accident , Sepulveda 's job was to drive a backhoe , known as a "  scoop , " inside the mine . Since then , he has emerged as a quick-witted joker and has taken the role of narrator in the videos the miners have sent to the surface -- recounting their plight with good spirits and humor . At one point , the video shows a live news broadcast projected onto the wall of the cavern where the miners have been holed up and which they have dubbed "  Refuge 33 . " The news show covered Independence Day celebrations across Chile . The miners now have permanent communication with rescuers on the surface via a telephone line and a fiber-optic cable for video-conferencing . A TV signal can be piped into the mine and run through a handheld projector , which beams out a 21-inch image . As a special Independence Day treat , the miners were given a menu of traditional Chilean "  empanadas , " a pastry filled with a mixture of meat , onions , olives and raisins . The video showed them receiving the "  empanadas " vacuum-sealed in a plastic wrapper and dispatched from the surface in a metal cylinder rescue workers call the "  carrier pigeon . " On the surface , the miners ' families continue to wait in a makeshift tent village at the mine entrance called Camp Hope . Many organized cook-outs -- a typical part of Independence Day celebrations -- and barbecued ribs , filet steak and chicken wings . But the family of trapped miner Victor Zamora said they had little to celebrate this year . "  We 're sad because Independence Day is a family day and we used to go for a walk with my baby in our favorite park , " said Zamora 's wife , Yesica Cortes . "  But today we 're sad . " Inside , Zamora 's mother Nelly Bugueno prepared broth and chopped salad . She said she was sure the miners were just putting on a show for the camera in the videos they had recently sent to the surface . She said she believed they were depressed and distraught by their plight . "  Victor 's pain is my pain , " Bugueno said . "  For me , there 's nothing to celebrate . It 's just that Victor asked us to be together this day . As long as they are underground , there 's nothing to celebrate . We 'll celebrate independence when they come out . " Zamora , who has a 4-year-old son Arturo , has emerged as the poet among the 33 trapped miners . He has composed rhymes praising the rescue workers and the valor of his fellow miners . "  He 's discovered something beautiful down there , " his mother said . "  He writes letters likes poems . " "  I guess he 's discovered that talent because he was was in pain being so far from his loved ones , " wife Cortes said . Chilean President Sebastian Pinera is scheduled to visit the San Jose mine and inspect rescue operations Sunday . As evening fell Saturday , three military helicopters overflew the mine in what government officials said was a "  practice run " for Sunday 's presidential visit . Sources among the rescue workers said Pinera may mark his visit by flipping the switch on a powerful oil drill that has been transported to the mine to assist in the rescue . The Canadian-owned Rig 421 drill has been assembled but not yet begun drilling . Mine experts say that the drill -- known as Plan C -- could be the fastest way of punching a hole through rock that is wide enough to hoist the miners back to the surface . However , two other drills , a Schramm T-130  Plan B  normally used for boring water holes and a Raise Borer Strata 950  Plan A  normally used for drilling ventilation chimneys in mines have been operating for around three weeks . On Friday , the Schramm T-130 reached a depth of 623 meters  2,044 feet  and penetrated the roof of the workshop area close to the miners ' shelter . However , the shaft is only about 12 inches wide and the drill must make a second pass to widen the hole to a maximum 28-inches  70 cm  . The Chilean government says the miners could be rescued by late October or early November , an improvement on earlier predictions that the operation could take until Christmas .	Miners put a brave face on a disaster in its 44th day Independence Day marked by music , dance and empanadas "  For me , there 's nothing to celebrate "
Washington  CNN  -- Even as he charges into his re-election battle , President Barack Obama has a festering weakness on a flank that , by all accounts , ought to be rock solid : the one held by African-American Democrats . Their support for his programs , belief in his leadership and enthusiasm for another term is softening just as he needs it most . In the past few weeks , the president has been chastised by the Congressional Black Caucus for avoiding troubled inner-city districts , peppered with tough questions on BET , and suffered plummeting poll numbers among black voters . That last item is critical . During the 2008 election , their turnout was massive and their support almost unanimous . Now , however , a Washington Post/ABC News poll finds that black voters with a "  strongly favorable " view of Obama dropped from 86 % to 58 % in just five months . "  Patience is running out , " says Reginald Daniel , a professor of sociology at the University of California Santa Barbara . Daniel has written extensively about race and politics . "  People are disappointed because I think their expectations were way too high to begin with . " Many political analysts sum up those "  expectations run amok " this way : White voters heralded the election of a black president as a sign that long-standing racial gaps were closing , and they expected Obama to play a post-racial role ; a president for everyone , who just happened to be black . Meanwhile , many African-American voters just as clearly saw his election as a great leap forward and hoped the presence of a black president in the Oval Office would bring a new level of understanding , acknowledgment , and relief for their community 's problems . "  Finding a middle ground is almost an impossibility , " Daniels says . "  It 's just the worst position to be in . " The driving problem , however , is neither black nor white -- it is green . Joblessness , bad for everyone , is much worse in African-American communities , where unemployment is pushing 17 % , the worst since the 1980s . That is what triggered the revolt in the CBC and those stinging questions during that TV interview . The president is pushing back , pointing out that his initiatives , such as health care reform and the recent jobs bill , especially help lower-income families , many of whom are black . On BET , he quickly dismissed talk about a dearth of specific programs for minorities . "  What people are saying all across the country is we are hurting and we 've been hurting for a long time , " the president said . "  The question is : How can we make sure the economy is working for every single person ? " He also insisted that even if black leaders are grousing , it 's not really about him or his policies . "  There 's always going to be somebody who is critical of the president of the United States . " And at a CBC fundraising dinner he raised eyebrows by telling members to quit complaining and start "  marching " with him for change . But if the reaction of Rep. Maxine Waters , D-California , is any gauge , he 'll have to do a lot more selling . She summed up his comments in a word : "  Curious . " To be sure , most African-Americans still support Obama . Political analysts do not expect a massive shift of their votes to the Republicans ; and even the president 's most adamant black critics often follow their barbs with a quick salve , saying African-American voters ultimately will not oppose him . Still , the danger for the White House is not that black citizens will vote against Obama , but that they wo n't vote at all . A lackluster turnout in just a few key states could tip the electoral balance against him . What 's more , every moment he spends making sure black Democrats come to the polls increases his risk of alienating white voters , and is time lost winning over independents , whom he also must have . Politically , it is hard for a candidate to tiptoe through such a black-and-white minefield . For a president , it is even tougher .	In recent weeks , Obama 's support among blacks has been beset by troubles Among them : CBC scolding , hardball questions on BET , black jobless numbers He faces a balancing act in the 2012 campaign in appealing to various blocs Sociologist Reginald Daniel : "  Finding a middle ground is almost an impossibility "
CNN  -- A 27-year-old graphic designer has made history by becoming the first Saudi woman to conquer Mount Everest . Raha Moharrak reached the top of the mountain on Saturday as part of the "  Arabs with Altitude " expedition , which also includes a Palestinian , an Iranian and a Qatari aiming to be the first from his nation to summit the mountain . The mountaineers ' Twitter account , @EverestArabs , marked the occasion by tweeting : "  The first ever Saudi woman to attempt Everest has reached the top !! Bravo Raha Moharrak . We salute you . " "  I really do n't care about being the first , so long as it inspires someone else to be the second , " Moharrak , who lives in Dubai and in the Saudi port city of Jeddah , is quoted as saying on the expedition 's website , Arabs on Top of the World . Read more : Climber summits Everest twice in one week Coming from a traditional and conservative family meant that "  convincing them to let her climb was as great a challenge as the mountain itself , " according to her biography on the site , though they now fully support her efforts . "  We are all very proud of Raha 's achievement but are awaiting for her safe return , " Moharrak 's brother Mohammed told CNN . The team -- made up of Moharrak , Qatari Sheikh Mohammed Al Thani , Palestinian Raed Zidan and Iranian Masoud Mohammad -- is aiming to raise $ 1 million to fund Reach Out to Asia 's educational projects in Nepal . Moharrak spent many months training for the expedition ; she scaled Argentina 's highest peak , Aconcagua , in February and has been in Nepal acclimatizing to the altitude since early April . Read more : Google Maps climbs world 's tallest mountains She is now on her way back down the mountain and is expected to reach Everest base camp on Monday . Moharrak 's ascent is the latest step in changing attitudes towards women and sports in Saudi Arabia . The ultra-conservative kingdom fielded its first female Olympians at the 2012 Games and officially permitted sports in private girls schools for the first time earlier this month . This year marks the 60th anniversary of the first expedition to reach the summit of Everest : Sir Edmund Hilary and Tenzing Norgay made it to the top of the mountain on May 29 , 1953 . CNN 's Schams Elwazer and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Raha Moharrak is first Saudi woman to reach summit of Everest Moharrak is part of "  Arabs With Altitude " team , with a Qatari , a Palestinian and an Iranian The expedition is aiming to raise $ 1 million for education projects in Nepal 2013 marks the 60th anniversary of the first successful climb to the summit of Everest
CNN  -- Asked about part of the entertainment business he particularly enjoys , Greg Behrendt -- stand-up comedian , author , TV writer and producer -- had an unusual answer . Greg Behrendt co-wrote "  He 's Just Not That Into You , " based on a popular episode of "  Sex and the City . " "  My instrumental punk and ska band called the Reigning Monarchs , " he said with a laugh . "  There 's seven guys in the band . ... We play shows around Los Angeles . " But the co-author of "  He 's Just Not That Into You , " now a film starring Jennifer Aniston , Scarlett Johansson and Ben Affleck , admits that stand-up comedy remains a longtime passion . In fact , it led -- in a roundabout way -- to "  He 's Just Not That Into You . " "  I was a stand-up who had an HBO special called ` Mantastic , ' and it was directed by Michael Patrick King , who became an executive producer of ` Sex and the City , ' " Behrendt said . One thing led to another , and Behrendt soon joined a mostly female writing team on "  Sex and the City . " He observed that he was the only straight male writer for the show and offered the group valuable and realistic insight into the world of men . "  Sure , I felt a little bit like a token , " he said . "  It 's not like those women needed my help , but I think there are days when you ca n't write in a perspective you do n't live . " That perspective , along with colleague Liz Tuccillo 's female point of view , gave way to "  He 's Just Not That Into You . " The book is based on a popular episode of "  Sex and the City , " in which Carrie 's boyfriend  played by Ron Livingston  offers the line to Miranda as she puzzles over a date . The book is a wake-up call for women who obsess and worry about relationships , with an overarching message that if women find themselves doing the chasing , it 's likely the guy simply is n't interested . "  We were raised to pursue women . ... Most of the guys I know enjoy the pursuit , " he said . "  But that does n't mean women should be wallflowers . " As a comedian-turned-relationship expert -- one who is , by the way , now happily married and writing a book with his wife -- Behrendt said he hoped women would realize their worth when they read the book or watch the film . " -LSB- Women -RSB- deserve great things , and they get to decide what their relationships are , and not other people , " he said . "  You often hear women say , ' I do n't know if he 's ready to get married . ' Why are you waiting for his decision ? We always put our fates in other people 's hands . "	Greg Behrendt is the co-author of "  He 's Just Not That Into You , " now a film Behrendt joined a mostly female writing team on "  Sex and the City " "  He 's Just Not That Into You " is a book for women who worry about relationships "  We were raised to pursue women , " Behrendt says
CNN  -- It was n't until December 6 that Latinos could access CuidadoDeSalud.gov -- the extremely delayed and poorly translated Spanish version of HealthCare.gov . The thrown-together Spanish website has been a thorn in the President 's side with the Latino community . It 's no surprise that support for Obamacare has waned among Latinos . A Pew Research poll found that last year disapproval of Obamacare among Hispanics increased 11 points from September 2013 to December 2013 . The White House is worried . Not enough Americans are signing up for Democrats ' misguided health care law . And that means more problems -- most notably higher costs -- could be on the horizon . So the administration is scrambling in the final three weeks of the enrollment period to sign up enough people to make the health care law work . Yet the White House is ignoring an inconvenient truth : Obamacare is hurting far too many of our friends and neighbors in the Latino community . The problems go far beyond the demeaning and sloppy cuidadodesalud.gov . One of the biggest fears the White House has is the low enrollment of millennials . Sixty-five percent of Latinos in this country are 22 to 35 years old , they are key to the success of Obamacare . If enough of them do n't sign up for insurance plans , individuals may expect to face higher average costs . But millennials say they are n't signing up because coverage is unaffordable -- or does n't make sense for them . Fusion , a new English-language Latino TV network , illustrated the trouble with the health care law when they interviewed a 28-year-old Obama supporter who says he wo n't sign up for coverage because "  he 'd rather spend the money on his business , rather than spend it on insurance he says wo n't even help him that much . " Besides the affordability and enrollment problems for young people , our abuelos -- grandparents -- will be hurt by the new health care law as well . Due to Medicare reductions under Obamacare , Medicare Advantage is being cut . The National Medical Hispanic Association has called the payment cuts "  disturbing " -- and rightfully so . Thirty-eight percent of Latinos with incomes of $ 20,000 or less enrolled in Medicare Advantage may face higher fees and fewer benefits . But the pain for our community does n't end there . Across the country , Obamacare is bound to take a toll on some of the 2.3 million Hispanic-owned businesses and 1.9 million workers they help employ . The law has made it harder for businesses to hire more workers , and full-time workers have seen their hours reduced to part-time . Ruben Rivas , owner of a small business called H2Only Renewable Cleaning , told Telemundo , "  There is no way we can pay or provide employees their health insurance , because there is no margin . If I do that , I have to close the doors -- then no one is going to work . Unfortunately , we are trying to convert our employees from eight hours to 5.5 hours  daily  as stated in the new law . " Hispanics came to this country in search of the promise of individual freedom and opportunity , but Obamacare is undermining that promise . We do not need special sign-up programs or false assurances . We need real health care reform that actually expands access and lowers costs -- not "  reform " that makes life more expensive . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Cristina Beato .	Dr. Cristina Beato says Obama 's Spanish-language health care site has been sloppy and often down . She argues the Affordable Care Act will hurt , rather than help , many Latinos Beato : Hispanics came to U.S. for promise of opportunity , but Obamacare is hurting that
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's the biggest film industry in the Middle East and known as the Hollywood of the Arab world . Veteran players like actor , Omar Sharif and director , Youssef Chahine are known to film fans the world over . Censors allowed Youssef Chahine 's latest film "  Heya Fawda " which is about police brutality "  Egypt is the only country in the area , in the Middle East , which has cinema industry in all the meaning of the word " explained Ezzat Abou Auf , the President of Cairo Film Festival . But until recently strict state control which favors censorship -- and a monopoly on the industry by a handful of corporate giants peddling formulaic romantic comedies -- led to many years of decline for the Egyptian film industry . Omar Sharif -- famous globally for roles in the David Lean epics , "  Lawrence of Arabia " and "  Dr Zhivago " -- agrees that censorship is harming the Egyptian film industry . "  We have the studios , we have all the amenities they need but we have censorship . We have to check the script they 're shooting , we have to agree with it , that there is nothing anti-Arab , Anti-Muslim . We 're losing a lot of income because of censorship here , " he said . Today , a new wave of movie-makers are breaking traditional taboos , challenging the censors and taking Egyptian film into new markets around the globe . The latest of these films , "  The Yacoubean Building " was seen as a landmark in Egyptian cinematic history . It had the biggest ever budget and an all-star cast led by the revered actor Adel Imam and featuring popular actress , Youssra . It also included subjects to challenge the censors and religious conservatives , including homosexuality and terrorism . The film 's director , Marwan Hamed , says he had to work with the censors to ensure the script would be approved before filming : "  It 's very important that you tackle a taboo subject but at the same time you do n't want the audience to leave the cinema and go , especially when you have a conservative audience , " he told CNN . "  The head of the censors , Mr. Ali Abou Shadi , was originally a very important film critic and he 's very liberal . I sat with him a lot and I told him what I was gon na do . It 's not about being the bravest it 's about being entertaining but at the same time giving the people the chance to watch the film , " he continued . Abou Shadi , head of the Egyptian Censorship authority says they are becoming more tolerant of controversial issues . "  In my own experience as a censor , I can assess that there is more freedom than in the past , " he said , "  Some recent films like "  The Yacoubian Building " and certain films of Youssef Chahine were examples of films that would never have passed the censor in earlier times . " "  Heya Fawda "  "  Chaos "  the latest release of Egypt 's greatest living director , Youssef Chahine -- almost 60 years after his directorial debut -- has ruffle feathers . The film tackles police brutality and corruption , both among several sensitive issues , which have challenged the Egyptian censors . Censorship can be used as a tool to protect political regimes and public behaviours and beliefs , in Abou Shadi 's view . "  Egypt , like many other Arab countries suffers from a very conservative or Islamic current . This creates a lot of confusion and means that creative talented people often find themselves in opposition to the fundamentalist parties , " he said . But he is very positive about the future : "  I like to think that in this last period with a new political climate and more freedom , censorship has become more tolerant to innovation . " One production company that is dramatically shaking up the whole film industry in Egypt is "  GoodNews4Film " . It is the go-getting media giant behind "  The Yacoubean Building " and its ambitions are stretching in many directions . Its latest production "  The Night of the Baby Doll " -- has a budget of 40 million Egyptian pounds . That 's about $ 7 million -- a relatively modest budget in Hollywood terms but a figure which would typically finance three Egyptian movies . "  We think and produce cinema in the same way as the Americans do " , says Adel Adeeb , director of "  Baby Doll Night " and managing director of Good News4Film . Bigger budgets means improved film quality and and in the future , the company hopes to produce films in English as well as Arabic . Adeeb acknowledges that in order to work internationally subject matter has to change to be , perhaps , less tuned in to local audiences in favour of wider ones -- but he is convinced cinema has the power to communicate over national borders . "  We 're trying to work internationally because we need to communicate . This is the glamour or the magic of cinema . We know the jeans or the hamburger , everything from the American movies , so I think people will know us , " he said . The company aims to broaden minds beyond images of gun-battles and belly dancing synonymous with the region . "  Night of the Baby Doll " is a comedy which highlights misunderstandings between the Arab and western worlds post-9 / 11 -- it will be followed by an Arab take on the legend of Sinbad . A new generation of film makers is emerging from Cairo 's Higher Institute for Film Studies -- and more women are now following the path towards a future in film . What 's very promising is that women are getting involved in directing and producing excellent work , according to Ezzat Abou Auf . "  We have Hala Khalil , whose film "  The Best of Times " won an award at Cairo Film Festival . We have Sandra Nasha'at . We have very promising young ladies in the directing business , " he told CNN . But even as some degree of liberation descends upon the Egyptian film industry , there are reminders about the boundaries of tastes - a lesbian kiss in Khaled Youssef 's latest film "  Until Things Get Better " brought calls for the director and both actresses to be jailed on moral grounds . Marwan Hamed believes such challenges will continue but must be met face to face : "  We will struggle a lot to be more daring because the films that were done recently they had a big effect on the audience and I do n't think we will be able to work as freely as we did . But I think there 's a new generation of film-makers that are very strong , hungry and really want to do something about it , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Egyptian film industry known as the "  Hollywood of the Middle East " But strict state censorship has pushed it into a decline for some years A new breed of filmmakers are breaking taboos and taking Egyptian film global "  The Yacoubean Building " had a big budget and controversial subject matter
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former D.C. mayor , now Washington councilman , Marion Barry has been arrested again . Former D.C. Mayor Marion Barry was arrested July 4 and charged with stalking , police said . On July 4 , the U.S. Park Police arrested Barry and charged him with misdemeanor stalking . About 8:45 p.m. in Anacostia Park , a Washington woman flagged down a Park Police officer on patrol and pointed to Barry , who was in another car . The woman said Barry was stalking her , Park Police spokesman Sgt. David Schlosser said . Barry was taken into custody , processed and released , but he must make a court appearance for the charge . A court date has not been set . Barry 's other run-ins with the law have included a federal sting operation in 1990 , when he was mayor . Surveillance cameras caught him smoking crack cocaine in a hotel room . Despite his fall from grace , he was re-elected in 1994 to a four-year term as mayor . In his latest political comeback in 2004 , Barry won a seat on the D.C. Council , on which he continues to serve . Barry was arrested in 2002 when traces of marijuana and cocaine were found in his car after he was stopped in the Buzzard Point area of Southwest D.C. No charges were filed , and Barry claimed that the drugs were planted . And in 2006 , Park Police officers stopped him for driving too slowly , prompting him to accuse authorities of targeting him . Barry had been on probation since 2005 for not filing or paying income taxes for several years . Last year he again failed to file a tax return , and his probation was extended to May 2011 , according to the Washington City Paper .	U.S. Park Police charged former mayor with misdemeanor stalking July 4 arrest came after woman complained to police about Barry Incident happened in Anacostia Park in Washington
Washington  CNN  Mitt Romney 's decision to pass on 2016 anoints Jeb Bush as the clear establishment favorite in the Republican presidential race and lays down a challenge to the party 's divided conservatives . Though the first contests will not take place in early voting states for a year , Romney 's swerve , announced on a conference call with supporters on Friday , is the most important moment yet in the nascent GOP contest . It removes the prospect of a bruising battle for big establishment donor cash and moderate , right of center , Republican primary voters between Romney , the 2012 nominee and Bush , heir to a dynastic political machine . "  I think it is hard to argue that today 's news did not help Gov. Bush , " said Matt Moore , chairman of the Republican Party in South Carolina , which holds one of the crucial early voting primaries next year . Bush sent the Republican race into overdrive with his sudden announcement last month that he was actively exploring a run for president . Since then , he has been flying around the nation in an apparent bid to put up a formidable "  shock and awe " early fundraising number to define the contest in his favor . Though Bush is seen as leading establishment Republicans , Romney 's decision could improve New Jersey Gov. Christie 's hopes of financing a long campaign . "  Today 's news certainly does re-open the fight for donors . I know many donors had been frozen in recent weeks , taking a ` wait and see ' approach , " said Moore . "  There 's a finite amount of money that can be raised -- so every candidate benefits . " Kevin Madden , a one-time adviser to Romney who is now a CNN commentator , said his former boss 's decision opened up an early trial of strength between Christie and Bush . "  This becomes the first big test between those candidates , which one of them can quickly move to lock down those donors . It is a very successful , very large fundraising network . It 's going to be an important asset . " Some party insiders also believe conservative candidates who can also straddle the line with the establishment could benefit from Romney 's departure . A top adviser to one potential Republican primary contender said in an interview that Romney 's exit likely helps both Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who both have strong conservative support but have also been warmly received by some establishment-minded donors . "  They 're acceptable to the establishment but they also have support within the various conservative bases -- among economic conservatives , social conservatives and national security conservatives , " the adviser said . Romney 's decision not to run does n't remove him from the 2016 calculus entirely -- it sets him up to be a potential kingmaker in one of the most wide-open primary fields in recent memory . Though sources told CNN 's Dana Bash not to expect a Romney endorsement of another candidate in the near future , contenders will be clamoring for his blessing . A top Rubio aide said "  any leading candidate would " want Romney 's support . Jim Merrill , Romney 's top strategist in New Hampshire , said that his "  guess is -LSB- Romney -RSB- probably will " endorse a candidate in the primary . Romney 's statement , however , made clear that he was not stepping aside in favor of Bush . In fact he appeared to take a veiled swipe at the 61-year-old former Florida governor . "  I believe that one of our next generation of Republican leaders , one who may not be as well known as I am today , one who has not yet taken their message across the country , one who is just getting started , may well emerge as being better able to defeat the Democrat nominee , " Romney told his supporters . He appeared to be implying that the GOP would be best served by a younger candidate taking on Clinton , who will be 69 at the time of the general election in November 2016 . Rubio , 43 , quickly picked up on the idea of a generational shift , stressing repeatedly in a short statement praising Romney that he was close to the 2012 nominee . "  He certainly earned the right to consider running , so I deeply respect his decision to give the next generation a chance to lead . " Walker , 47 , also picked up the signals , thanking Romney in a tweet for "  opening the door for fresh leadership in America . " Romney may also be making a point by sitting down for dinner on Friday night with Christie , 52 , in New York . His exit will also shift the terrain more practically in the early states , where his former staffers can now join the campaign of their choice . Merrill said he 's been receiving calls from former Romney operatives in the state -- and interested candidates -- wondering what 's next , but he was n't yet leaning toward any candidate in particular . " -LSB- Romney 's -RSB- not gon na be a candidate , so that means we are open for business , " Merrill said . Reverberations are also being felt in Iowa , where voters will get the 2016 ball rolling next year and where Romney lost by only a handful of votes to Rick Santorum on the way to the GOP nomination in 2012 . A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg poll published Friday showed 57 percent of likely caucus goers had favorable feelings about Romney . But that figure was down from 65 percent in October . Romney may have calculated that he would have struggled to keep that level of support , fighting Bush and Christie for moderates and facing fresh faced conservatives like Walker and firebrand Sen. Ted Cruz . "  There a lot of people who had second thoughts about Romney , " said Steffen Schmidt , an Iowa State University Professor who is an authority on the state 's fabled caucuses . "  Mitt Romney would have had a much harder time in Iowa , " in 2016 , Schmidt said . Bush is basking in a second straight day of good news . On Thursday , he poached David Kochel , one of the state 's most highly regarded political consultants for a possible post running his campaign . Kochel previously worked for Romney in Iowa , and his departure was seen as a serious blow to the former Massachusetts governor . The narrowing of the establishment field may hold a wake up call for conservatives who hoped a candidate preferred by the grass roots would emerge this cycle . But with candidates like Walker , Cruz , Mike Huckabee , Santorum and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul all tipped to appeal to certain sections of the conservative electorate , they face a familiar problem : the lack of a single right-wing favorite to take on the establishment 's pick . Romney 's announcement , which kept political pundits guessing until minutes before he spoke with supporters , was in keeping with the already rich drama of the 2016 race . Even a month ago , no one thought that Romney , who twice ran for president and lost , could find a rationale to underpin another shot . But in three frenzied weeks , Romney , apparently disdaining the quality of the crowded GOP race , and bumped into a swift decision by Bush 's early move , appeared to be about to jump in . Bush had previously effectively forced out another possible establishment candidate Sen. Rob Portman , by getting into the race . Romney traveled to California to headline the Republican National Committee 's winter meeting , and stoked speculation by consulting former staffers and party heavyweights about a possible run . For now , most of those close to Romney believe he will resume his role as the de-facto leader of the party until a nominee emerges , speaking out on key issues . "  You 'll see him do what he 's already been doing post-2012 -- be someone that stands up to President Obama , speaks the truth when the opportunity calls , " Merrill said . CNN 's Erin McPike contributed to this story	Bush cements role as establishment favorite Christie has chance to compete for Romney donors Romney looks to new Republican generation
MNN.com  -- A family friend agreed to watch my dog Shiloh while I was on vacation . When I returned , he informed me that the name Lulu seemed like a better fit , so that 's what he called her until the name stuck . I made a mental note to find reputable boarding facilities in my neighborhood , packed up Lulu 's things and left . Even though I was upset at the time , changing my dog 's name back to Shiloh never occurred to me . Perhaps that 's why I was slightly amused â $ " and a little baffled â $ " when NFL quarterback Tim Tebow celebrated his move to the New York Jets football team in the spring by changing his dog 's name from Bronco to Bronx . Sports writers flooded Twitter with jokes about the move  check out the hashtag #rejectedTebowDogNames  , while some pet owners complained about the name change . But do dogs really know the difference ? Each year , millions of cats and dogs are adopted from animal shelters or rescue groups . More often than not , those pets get new names to go with those new homes . "  Dogs do n't have a concept of identity the way we do , " says certified New York dog trainer Renee Payne . "  It might be confusing if you change -LSB- the name -RSB- regularly , but everyone I know calls their dogs several different nicknames . You can always add on ; you just want to have some consistency . It has to be something you consistently call them . " MNN : Charismatic animals with political ambitions Certified dog trainer Amber Burckhalter adds that a name change can be good for pets , particularly if they were abused . Consistent use of a new name helps them adjust to a new and different life . "  It would be a good idea to change their name if they were rescued and were mistreated and that name is the name that was used , " says Burckhalter , owner of K-9 Coach dog training and boarding facility in Smyrna , Georgia . "  You do n't want them to have a negative association . It should be a new life , new owners , new name . " Regardless of the situation , if you are planning a name change , here are a few tips to help you and your pet adjust . Stay positive : Dogs respond to your actions , not your words . When making a change , Payne recommends saying the new name in a happy and excited tone , preferably when there are few distractions . "  When he looks at you , say ` Good boy ! ' " Payne says . "  You just want him to associate that word with looking at you . " MNN : 5 reasons why you should n't raise wild animals as pets Turn over a new leaf : Pairing recall training exercises , such as fetch , with a name change can help reinforce good behavior , says Burckhalter , whose pack includes three dogs , one cat , a human child and a husband . "  If I took my dog to the dog park and yelled ` Dutch , Dutch , Dutch ' and the dog ignored me , and this has gone on for several years , we may suggest you change the name to associate a new behavior , " she says . Make it a gradual transition : To help pets adjust and make the connection , Burckhalter suggests using both names for about a week . "  If you want to call her Tallulah and her name is Lilly , say ` LillyTallulah , LillyTallulah ' for about a week , then drop the old name , " she says . If it rhymes with ` Bo , ' just say no : With all due respect to White House dog Bo Obama , avoid names that mimic the word No . That applies to names like Jojo as well . "  Anything that sounds like a negative is something you want to avoid , " Burckhalter says . "  I 'm not a fan of names that sound like a correction . " Need inspiration ? Bella , Molly and Oliver rank high among the 485,000 pets insured by VPI insurance company . For the past two years , Bella has ranked No. 1 for dogs ; Bailey , Max , Lucy and Molly round out the top five . For cats , the names Bella , Max , Chloe , Oliver and Lucy topped the list in 2011 . Based on Tebow 's performance next season , Bronx just could make an appearance on the 2012 list . MNN : Outdoor cats are prolific killers , study finds "  You do n't want to change a dog 's name on a whim , " says Burckhalter . "  I do n't know that Tim changing his dog 's name is the best idea , but once is not bad . " Perhaps it 's time for Lulu to drop a name that we both associate with less than stellar behavior . I can only hope that Shiloh does not enjoy eating my shoes . Have you changed your pet 's name ? Join the conversation by following Morieka and Lulu on Twitter @soulpup today . Â © Copyright 2012 Mother Nature Network © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Tim Tebow changed his dog 's name from Bronco to Bronx when he changed employers . Dog trainer Renee Payne : everyone I know calls their dogs several different nicknames . Dogs respond to actions , not words . Stay positive . Rescue dogs may experience multiple name changes and owners .
An expanded Violence Against Women Act won bipartisan approval on Thursday from the U.S. House after Republicans failed to pass their own proposal due to a party split on an issue important to women and minority groups . The measure now goes to President Barack Obama , who said in a statement that it was "  an important step towards making sure no one in America is forced to live in fear . " "  I look forward to signing it into law as soon as it hits my desk , " Obama said . TIME photos : A portrait of domestic violence Thursday 's votes reflected an emerging political reality in the GOP-led House , with a minority of Republicans joining Democrats to pass legislation that has broad public support , including from increasingly influential demographics such as Hispanic Americans . By a vote of 166-257 , the GOP version of the Violence Against Women Act failed to win a majority after almost 90 minutes of debate . The House then voted 286-138 to pass the Senate version , with 87 Republicans joining all 199 Democrats to provide majority support . Originally passed in 1994 and reauthorized since , the act provides support for organizations that serve domestic violence victims . Criminal prosecutions of abusers are generally the responsibility of local authorities , but the act stiffened sentences for stalking under federal law . Supporters credit the act with sharply reducing the number of lives lost to domestic violence over the past two decades . Last year , the House and Senate were unable to compromise on another extension of the act , with Republicans opposing Democratic attempts to specify inclusion of native Americans , undocumented immigrants and lesbian , transgender and bisexual women . Opinion : The plague of violence against women However , exit polls showed Obama won strong support among women , Latino voters and gay and lesbian voters in the November election that also strengthened the Democratic majority in the Senate and weakened the Republican majority in the House . Republicans then changed their stance and agreed to bring up the measure in the new Congress as long as they could offer their own version . The Republican proposal deleted provisions from the Senate measure that gave tribal authorities jurisdiction to prosecute cases on Indian reservations , specifically targeted discrimination of LGBT victims , and allowed undocumented immigrant survivors of domestic violence to seek legal status . In debate before Thursday 's votes , Rep. Kevin Cramer , R-North Dakota , said the Senate version includes legal precedents of expanded sovereignty that could be subject to court challenge . Opinion : Rubio missed the year of the woman "  Please consider the damage we have done if a court overturns this act and its protection all because we wanted a good slogan instead of a good law , " Cramer said . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California and others repeatedly questioned why Republicans would seek to weaken a measure that received strong bipartisan support in a 78-22 Senate vote earlier this year . A majority of Senate Republicans backed the act , along with every woman senator regardless of party , Pelosi noted . "  It 's really hard to explain why , what eyes the Republicans are looking through , that they do not see the folly of their ways in the legislation they are proposing , " Pelosi said . Democratic Rep. Gwen Moore of Wisconsin , herself a rape victim , paraphrased the question of rights activist Sojourner Truth , a 19th century escaped slave and civil rights advocate . "  Ai n't they women ? " Moore shouted in reference to native American , undocumented immigrant and LGBT women . In response , Republican Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington challenged Democratic claims that the GOP version excluded any women , saying it was all-inclusive . A global push to end violence with song and dance House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia said the goal was to "  make sure all women are safe , " and he described the Republican version as an attempt to "  improve on " what the Senate sent over . However , Pelosi noted that hundreds of advocacy groups supported the Senate version as the best way forward . "  This is a remarkable day because we have clarity between the two proposals , " she said , noting one had support from both parties in the Senate and the president while the other was opposed by "  almost everybody who has anything to do with the issue of violence against women . " The final vote on Thursday followed the same pattern as votes on other legislation at the end of the previous Congress , including the agreement to avoid some impacts of the fiscal cliff . A divide between conservative and more moderate Republicans prevented House GOP leaders from being able to pass their proposed fiscal cliff legislation at the end of the year . Under public pressure ratcheted up by Obama , the House ended up approving a Democratic proposal that raised taxes on the nation 's top income earners , a key campaign theme in the November election opposed by the GOP . The measure passed with backing from most or all Democrats and dozens of Republicans . Such a dynamic signals the continuing inability of House Speaker John Boehner to marshal his GOP members on some of the most contentious issues coming up , such as deficit reduction and immigration reform . Boehner risks his standing as a party leader if he continues conceding on measures that become law without majority support from House Republicans , which also would fuel continuing unrest by conservatives who traditionally comprise the GOP base . Domestic violence bill vote critical test of more inclusive GOP According to advocacy groups , the Senate version of the Violence Against Women Act approved Tuesday strengthens protections of particular groups of women at particular risk . For example , one in three native women will be raped in their lifetime , according to the Indian Law Resource Center . Three in five will be physically assaulted , and native women also are killed at a rate 10 times the national average , the center said . The National Congress of American Indians addressed the issue in a December 20 letter to Cantor . Beyond vomiting , how to prevent rape It described situations in which beatings and rapes by non-native men were declined for prosecution at a federal level and returned to a tribal court as a misdemeanor . Federal law currently prohibits tribal courts from imposing a jail sentence of more than a year , so they generally do not prosecute felonies . In many instances , such cases are dismissed altogether and a defendant can walk free until a grand jury indictment can be obtained . "  The federal criminal justice system is simply not equipped to handle local crimes , and this is the primary reason that tribes seek local control over these crimes that are plaguing our communities , " the letter said . On undocumented immigrants , Human Rights Watch has found that immigrant farm workers are especially at risk for domestic abuse and argued provisions in the Senate bill "  would go some way toward fixing the problem . " Those in the LGBT community are another high-risk group that will be affected by the Violence Against Women Act . They experience violence at the same rate as heterosexuals but are less likely to report it . When they do , many are denied services . About 45 % of LGBT victims were turned away when they sought help from a domestic violence shelter and nearly 55 % of those who sought protection orders were denied them , according to the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women . Opinion : GOP House 's inaction on VAWA shows bigotry Vice President Joe Biden , who helped spearhead the original Violence Against Women Act in 1994 when he was a U.S. senator , said Thursday that domestic violence dropped by 64 % since then . "  I am pleased that this progress will continue , with new tools for cops and prosecutors to hold abusers and rapists accountable , and more support for all victims of these crimes , " Biden said in a statement .	The measure now goes to President Obama to be signed into law House Republicans struggle again with an issue important to women , minorities The House rejects the GOP measure before approving the Senate version The legislation extends and expands the act that supporters credit with saving lives
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's admiration for Myanmar democracy activist and former political prisoner Aung San Suu Kyi was hard to miss during her visit to Suu Kyi 's home in Yangon . They stood together , hands clasped and all smiles -- and even shared a hug -- at a news conference Friday on Suu Kyi 's porch before international journalists . "  I felt like I had known her for years , " Clinton told CNN 's Jill Dougherty on her second day of meeting with Suu Kyi , "  because of all of the information I had about her and the interactions that friends of mine had about her that carried messages back and forth . " But Clinton 's enthusiasm on the last day of her historic visit to Myanmar seemed to extend beyond her personal admiration for the Nobel Peace Prize laureate , who , until her release in November 2010 , spent nearly 20 years under house arrest imposed by the country 's regime -- one that now appears to be taking steps in the direction of democracy . Clinton sees signs that the country , ruled by a military junta for almost 50 years and which in the past cooperated with North Korea in missile technology , may genuinely be opening up -- via its economy . "  They asked that I personally follow through with a request for the World Bank to send an assessment team , that we offer technical advice about how they can and should reform their economy , " Clinton told CNN . But the military ties with North Korea have to go if Myanmar -- called Burma by opponents of the regime and by U.S. officials -- wants deeper political and economic cooperation with Washington and with nearby democracies , such as "  South Korea , which has a great deal to offer in terms of development assistance , " Clinton said . "  Burma " was the name the country used decades ago , before the military junta took control and changed it to "  Myanmar . " As North Korea still looms in the background , the Obama administration is not ending sanctions and is not making any abrupt changes in policy . "  We 've made it clear that it would be difficult for us to pursue our engagement unless that relationship was once and for all ended . " The message "  had a receptive audience , " Clinton said . That receptiveness may partly be the result of intense diplomatic contact between the two countries preceding Clinton 's visit . "  We 've had about 20 or more high-level visits from our assistant secretary , our special representative and others . They have fanned out across the country , meeting with all kinds of people , " Clinton said . Suu Kyi , the country 's leading activist for democratic reform , was instrumental in helping to gauge the U.S. diplomatic approach , Clinton said . "  She is someone who we talk to and rely on about policy advice , and certainly we were very gratified that she encouraged us to engage , encouraged my trip . " Suu Kyi , who plans to run for parliament , expressed her hopes for more solid democratic reforms thanks to U.S. efforts . "  Because of this engagement , I think our way ahead will be clearer and we will be able to trust that the process of democratization will go forward , " she told journalists . The junta has ruled Burma since 1962 . Thein Sein became president in March after a controversial election , and the new government freed dozens of political prisoners in October . The new government has shown encouraging signs of reform and has released some political prisoners , but Suu Kyi said that all such prisoners must be released and that no one should be arrested for their beliefs . "  All hostilities must cease in this country , " she said . The road to democracy in Myanmar is closer than before , but there is still a ways to go , she added . "  We are not on that road yet , but we hope to get there as soon as possible with the help and understanding of our friends , " she said . Clinton became the first U.S. secretary of state to visit the country in 50 years , and her visit was made possible by the nation 's unexpected steps toward democratic reform . The trip , the White House said , indicates that the time could be right for the two nations to forge a new relationship . Still , Myanmar is far from a democracy , and skepticism exists on both sides . Journalists in the country enjoy new freedoms , but their work remains heavily regulated . Ethnic violence still occurs against Myanmar 's minorities , and human rights groups estimate that more than 1,500 political prisoners are still detained . For its part , Myanmar offered a cordial welcome to Clinton , but the visit with officials was low-key . "  We are at the very beginning , " Clinton told CNN . "  Where we will be in one year , five years or 10 , I ca n't really predict . " The secretary of state ended her visit to Myanmar on Friday and is on her way back to the United States .	NEW : Myanmar must end North Korea military ties to get U.S. cooperation , she says Secretary Clinton expresses deep admiration for iconic democracy activist Clinton became the first U.S. secretary of state to visit the country in 50 years But the country is not yet on the road to democracy , activist says
CNN  -- It 's often assumed that older people generally are n't very digitally savvy -- but new research from Pew indicates that older people are becoming about as skilled online as younger ones . According to the 2010 Generations report from the Pew Internet and American Life project , "  The biggest online trend  we found  is that , while the very youngest and oldest cohorts may differ , certain key internet uses are becoming more uniformly popular across all age groups . " The study found that internet users aged 34 and older are more likely than those age 33 and younger to engage in several online activities , including visiting government sites and getting financial information online . These online activities are becoming more uniformly popular across all age groups : e-mail , search engines , getting health information , following the news , researching or making purchases  including travel reservations  , online banking , supplying reviews or ratings , donating to charity , and downloading podcasts . And get ready : Your grandmother might soon try to friend you on Facebook . Even though younger people are significantly more likely to use social networking services , Pew reports that "  the fastest growth has come from internet users 74 and older : social network site usage for this oldest cohort has quadrupled since 2008 , from 4 % to 16 % . " Some online trends are creeping down the age ladder , too . According to Pew , it used to be mostly older adults who searched for online health information . But now this has become "  the third most popular online activity for all internet users 18 and older . " Wireless net access is definitely not the exclusive province of youth . Like the recent iPass mobile workforce study -- which put the median aged of a mobile-enabled worker at 46 -- Pew found that 55 % of people aged 46-55 access websites or other digital media or services via a laptop , cell phone , or other internet-connected mobile device . That figure drops to 46 % for people aged 56-64 , and 33 % for people aged 65-73 . The bottom line is , do n't assume you know how digitally savvy someone is based on their age . That octogenarian sitting across the Starbucks from you might be using Firesheep to sidejack your Facebook account right now .	New research from Pew focuses on generational trends in the digital world Research found people 74 and older have the fastest growth in social networking services Internet users aged 34 and older are more likely to engage in several common activities
CNN  -- Nicknamed Gunkanjima , or Battleship Island , because of its shape , Hashima island has an eerie , sinister look , perfect for , say , a villain 's lair in an action movie . The inspiration for villain Raoul Silva 's deserted hideout in the James Bond movie "  Skyfall , " the island figures in one of the most dramatic shots of the film . Its industrial ruins loom slowly into view as Bond and yet another ill-fated Bond girl speed toward the island in a luxury boat . In real life , a trip to the island is less dramatic . In 2009 , tour operators began offering trips from Nagasaki to Hashima . A standard trip entails a 40-minute boat ride and then an hour on the island , depending on weather conditions -- often the weather is so poor that boats do n't even try to land . Those hoping to pick their way through the rubble in Bond 's footsteps , or take a photo at building number 65 , where Bond babe Severine meets a gruesome end , will be disappointed . The tourist route is a clearly defined path skirting just a quarter of the island . While there 's a good view of the ruins , visitors ca n't get anywhere close . For that they need special permission from the Nagasaki City Council , and a compelling reason for going inside . There 's a simple explanation for all the security -- the ruins are extremely dangerous . Read more : Hashima Island 's wartime past Boom and bust history For almost 100 years , Hashima was a mining facility run by corporate giant Mitsubishi . The mining community was housed in some of Japan 's and the world 's earliest concrete high-rises . On this tiny 16-acre plot of land , high-rises were the best option for housing . By 1959 , the island was one of the most densely populated places on earth , with 5,259 people living on just 18 acres . But by 1974 , gas had replaced coal as Japan 's major fuel source , Mitsubishi pulled out of the island , workers found jobs elsewhere and Hashima was left to rot . According to the Nagasaki City Council , location scouts from Skyfall 's production team spent several days on the island but decided it was too dangerous to film there . Instead , sets duplicating Hashima 's eerie wreckage were built in Pinewood Studios in the United Kingdom . Security for visitors Visitors who are given permission must wear hard hats and have an escort from Nagasaki 's city council . Additional caution is necessary -- balconies and railings are long gone and a wrong turn up the "  stairway to hell " to the rooftop can lead the unwary visitor to narrow pathways between buildings with perilous drops on either side . Those who think they remember the way down from a climb to the top of the structure -- a small , wind-blown shrine remains there -- can find themselves in rooms with gaping holes in the floorboards and sheer drops to floors below . Ghost town Although Hashima was by no means abandoned overnight , it feels as though it might have been . In the school , exercise books and broken abacuses lie in corners where sea winds have blown them . Sheets of X-rays scatter the floor in the hospital , with faded imprints of miners ' lungs still visible . Children 's shoes dot ruined pathways , as though their owners lost them while running to evacuate . It feels a bit like Pripyat , the town adjoining Chernobyl , where residents really did leave in a hurry after the town 's nuclear reactor exploded in 1986 . Weird stories There are plenty of tales of weirdness surrounding everyday life on the island . A guide who works at Gunkanjima Concierge , Tomoji Kobata is one of the three tour operators who lead trips to the island . Although Kobata lived on the island for only a year in 1961 , he 's full of stories . From the water , he points out spots where lovers would climb onto the island walls to watch the sunset , seeking out the smallest bit of privacy in a place where privacy was a rarity . "  It reminded me of Hong Kong , " he says . "  Cooking hours were quite noisy . Wives would borrow seasoning and exchange food they could n't eat . "  No one would lock the door . There was an old woman called ` Watchdog ' who checked on everyone who came in and out and would know everyone 's business . " Kobata also talks about the darker side of Hashima 's past . Before and during World War II , Hashima , like many industrial sites in Japan , was a location for forced labor . Korean and Chinese prisoners of war were kept here , enduring varying degrees of hardship . Conditions in the mines were grueling . Workers were subjected to heat and humidity with very little to eat and beatings if they slacked . According to local records , 123 Koreans and 15 Chinese died on the island between 1925 and 1945 . Hashima is one of several industrial sites awaiting inclusion on UNESCO 's list of World Heritage Sites . South Korea , however , has formally objected to the island 's petition for recognition due to its association with wartime slave laborers . See also : ` Slave trade ghost town ' : The dark history of Bunce Island Former Chinese laborers are still trying to gain compensation and an official apology from Mitsubishi for their enslavement at sites across the empire during World War II . To Japan 's neighbors , the island , in its ruined eeriness , is a symbol of a war wound that wo n't heal . To most Japanese , it 's a decaying remnant from a forgotten time .	Japan 's abandoned Hashima Island was the inspiration for the villain 's lair in "  Skyfall " Tour operators have been offering trips from Nagasaki to Hashima since 2009 , but access is limited The ruins are spectacular and dangerous , and come with a dark history
CNN Student News  -- April 23 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day What challenges might the news media face in reporting on terrorism ? * * Daily Discussion Questions What charges have been filed against the surviving suspect in last week 's terror bombings in Boston ? What is the Miranda warning ? According to the report , why might investigators have waited to read the Boston terror suspect a Miranda warning ? What questions do you think investigators will ask him , and why ? At what point in time might these questions and the suspect 's answers be made public ? Why are n't they publicized immediately ? Explain . * * What was shut down in Boston during last week 's hunt for the terror suspects ? According to the report , what was the economic impact of that shutdown ? What do you think the near future holds for the city ? * * How was an empty school made ready for students in the town of West , Texas ? What do you think this transition will be like for the students there ? * * How has flooding affected some parts of the U.S. Midwest ? What images from this story stood out the most to you ? Why ? * * What are some facts about the environment in today 's program ? Why might it be important to understand natural resources and how they are consumed by people ? * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- The maid who accused former International Monetary Fund Chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn of sexually assaulting her in a New York City hotel room has ended her months-long silence and gone public . Nafissatou Diallo , whose credibility has been questioned by Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers and prosecutors , spoke to Newsweek magazine for an article posted on its website Sunday . She also conducted an interview with Robin Roberts of ABC News , which is set to air Monday on "  Good Morning America . " CNN previously has not identified Diallo , given the network 's policy against naming sexual assault victims . But it is now naming her , in light of her decision to make her case to the media . On May 14 , Diallo accused Strauss-Kahn -- who besides being a global economic leader had been mentioned as a leading contender for the French presidency -- of assaulting her at Manhattan 's Sofitel Hotel , where she was an employee . He was charged in New York with sexual abuse and attempted rape , pleading not guilty on all counts . In an interview conducted at her lawyer 's office in New York City , Diallo told Newsweek that Strauss-Kahn was naked when he slammed the door shut to his luxury hotel room , forced himself upon her and tried to make her perform oral sex on him . "  Because of him they call me a prostitute , " Diallo said , referring to published reports she had sex for money . "  I want him to go to jail . I want him to know there are some places you can not use your power , you can not use your money . " The 32-year-old native of Guinea told the magazine she was "  nervous " and "  scared " when she eventually ran from the room , ending an incident that took about 15 minutes . Yet the fallout has been far more extensive , and continues . Strauss-Kahn was initially arrested at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport while on board a Paris-bound plane . His arrest created an international furor , prompting his resignation as IMF chief as New York Judge Michael Obus ordered him held under a $ 6 million bail . After posting bond , Strauss-Kahn had been confined to a luxury townhouse . But on July 1 , the judge freed him from house arrest after prosecutors presented evidence showing that Diallo admitted she had lied about the specifics of her whereabouts after the incident and , from her past , the details of an asylum application and information she put on tax forms . But while the case took a dramatic turn , the charges against the 62-year-old have not been dismissed . And there have been more twists in recent weeks , including writer Tristane Banon 's filing of a complaint accusing Strauss-Kahn of attempted rape in France , stemming from an alleged 2003 incident in Paris . A lawyer for Strauss-Kahn in France said he subsequently filed a counter-claim against Banon for false declarations . Still , most of the intrigue remains centered in the United States , where lawyers for the suspect and the defendant continue to go back and forth challenging each other 's tactics . Diallo 's interviews further stoked those fires , prompting strongly worded responses from both sides . On Sunday , Strauss-Kahn 's U.S.-based attorneys William Taylor and Benjamin Brafman issued a statement chastising Diallo for talking with the media , claiming she is "  the first accuser in history to conduct a media campaign to persuade a prosecutor to pursue charges against a person from whom she wants money . " "  The number of rallies , press conferences and media events they have orchestrated is exceeded only by the number of lies and misstatements she has made to law enforcement , friends , medical professionals and reporters , " the lawyers said , referring to her and her attorney 's actions . "  It is time for this unseemly circus to stop . " Kenneth Thompson , Diallo 's attorney , shot back accusing Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys of conducting "  an unprecedented smear campaign against the victim of a violent sexual attack . " "  Because of those contemptible , baseless and anonymous attacks , Ms. Diallo was forced to come forward in order to put a face to the brutal crime , " Thompson said in a statement . Strauss-Kahn 's next court date is scheduled for August 1 . The hearing had been pushed back from mid-July as prosecutors tried to determine whether to drop the charges or move forward in the case , said Erin Duggan , communications director for Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance . On Sunday , amid the fresh attention related to Diallo 's interviews , Duggan refrained from comment on what she called the "  pending criminal case . " "  To protect the integrity of the criminal justice system , the rights of the victim , and the rights of the accused , we will not discuss the facts or evidence in what remains an ongoing investigation , " she said in a statement . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : The DA declines to comment ; the next NY court date is August 1 Nafissatou Diallo conducts interviews with Newsweek and ABC News Strauss-Kahn 's lawyer claim these are all part of a bid to get a settlement The accuser 's attorney says the defense has conducted a "  smear campaign "
CNN  -- The protesters in Ferguson , Missouri , want justice for the unarmed black teenager shot and killed there by a police officer . But the protests also reflect broader patterns of racial injustice across the country , from chronic police violence and abuse against black men to the persistent economic and social exclusion of communities of color . In one sense , the unrest in Ferguson might be calmed if the government would simply release all the details of Michael Brown 's death , bring charges against Officer Darren Wilson if appropriate and hold accountable those officials who unleashed a military-style assault on protesting citizens . Yet in another sense , the simmering anger that has bubbled over in Ferguson will never go away as long as the ugly conditions of racial bias in America go unaddressed . On August 9 , a police officer in Ferguson shot and killed Brown , an unarmed , black 18-year-old boy . Just days earlier , on August 5 , police in Beavercreek , Ohio , shot and killed John Crawford , a 22-year-old black father of two who was holding an air rifle inside a Walmart . On July 17 , police choked and killed Eric Garner , a 43-year-old black father of six on Staten Island , New York , in what has now been ruled a homicide . These killings occurred against the backdrop of a long history of black men being suspiciously , recklessly , wantonly killed by police . This is in addition to everyday harassment by police to which young black men have become sadly accustomed . In New York in 2011 , 25 % of the NYPD 's stop and frisks targeted young black men , who make up less than 2 % of the city 's overall population . In Ferguson last year , as Jeff Smith wrote in The New York Times , 86 % of police stops , 92 % of searches and 93 % of arrests were of black folks -- despite the documented fact that cops there were less likely to find contraband on black drivers than on whites  for black drivers , it was 22 % compared with 34 % for whites  . It should n't need pointing out , but for the record , white people in America commit more crimes than black people . But perhaps even more significant , as the historian David Levering Lewis has pointed out , is that "  whites committed crimes but blacks are criminals . " Despite the fact that the vast majority of mass shootings in America are perpetrated by white males , we do n't condemn nor scrutinize white men nor white people as a group for the acts of these individuals . And yet we ascribe the criminal behavior of individual black people to the black community as a whole . In one study , subjects were shown a news story about a crime . No photo of the alleged perpetrator was shown , but 60 % of the time subjects thought they had seen a photo . Of those , 70 % thought the perpetrator was black . This is on top of the host of negative stereotypes and assumptions we lump on communities of color and black people in particular . Consider two infamously labeled photographs from the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . In one , a white couple is shown wading through chest-deep water with food taken from a grocery store . The caption says they "  found " food from a local grocery store . In another picture , a black man is shown in the same scenario . The caption says he had been "  looting a grocery store . " Or consider that Americans who  incorrectly  believe that most welfare recipients are black think "  lack of effort on their own part " is to blame . But among respondents who  correctly  think most people on welfare are white believe people are on welfare because of "  circumstances beyond their control . " In this context , disproportionate police violence against black communities , especially black men and boys , must be understood not as an issue of rogue cops or isolated incidents but as an extreme manifestation of the sort of implicit racial bias that courses through every aspect of our nation . In fact , cops who shoot unarmed black men have something in common with college students -- in video simulated research tests , both cops and college students , of all races , are far more likely to shoot at unarmed black men than unarmed white men . Every twist and turn of our society , our economy , our politics and our interpersonal interactions in America is tainted with racial bias . Sometimes it 's subtle . Sometimes it 's armed with a gun . But instead of talking about racial bias , and working to unravel this deep problem , we often bury our heads in the sand or â $ " worse â $ " attack those who try to talk about racial injustice as "  race baiters . " Meanwhile , communities of color who are already undeniably struggling in the face of racial bias have to endure the secondary injustice of having their experience and concerns dismissed , whether it 's politicians suggesting that poverty is a "  cultural problem " in communities of color or media figures arguing that black men are disproportionately arrested and locked up because "  in certain ghetto neighborhoods , it 's part of the culture . " But the fact is that while white people use drugs more , black folks are more likely to be arrested for and face higher sentences for drug use . Blaming these and other egregious discrepancies on the black community instead of endemic racial bias is adding insult to injury . It also does n't achieve anything -- except fanning more protests . We still do n't know exactly what happened in Ferguson . What we do know is that an 18-year-old black boy who was supposed to start college this fall was gunned down by a police officer . Instead of releasing details about the shooting and giving the community the information it seeks , the Ferguson police have only cast suspicion on the victim and his character . This blame-the-victim response echoes the broader blame-the-black-community mentality that denies persistent racial bias while telling black folks they 're to blame for the hurdles and inequities that racial bias causes . Instead , maybe it 's time we once and for all face the reality of implicit racial bias in America and finally start trying to solve it . Michael Brown is dead . Unfortunately nothing we do in Ferguson or anywhere else can change that . But what we can change is the pattern of biased treatment at the hands of police as well as banks and schools and elected officials and throughout our society that actively , albeit often unwittingly , perpetuate racial injustice in America . If we do that , finally , then we might ensure that no more Michael Browns or Eric Garners or Oscar Grants or Trayvon Martins are killed . That is a vision -- in fact , a necessity -- for which it 's worth protesting .	Ferguson protests reflect a larger picture of America 's racial divide , writes Sally Kohn The Michael Brown killing is part of a series of questionable killings by police , she says Kohn : Bias pervades American life , with blacks often stigmatized unfairly She says politicians make it seem as if crime , poverty are African-American problems only
CNN Student News  -- September 21 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Iran ; Strait of Hormuz Atlanta , Georgia Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Comet ISON may put on a show when it skims through the sun 's atmosphere later this year . Right now , it 's still far away , but we 're keeping track and will give you regular updates . Here are five key facts about ISON as we await its arrival : What 's with the funky name ? Comet ISON was discovered by Russian astronomers Vitali Nevski and Artyom Novichonok in September 2012 . It 's named after their night-sky survey program , the International Scientific Optical Network , a group of observatories in 10 countries organized to track objects in space . How big is it ? Measurements taken by the Hubble Space Telescope in April indicate ISON has a nucleus that is 3 to 4 miles across . The comet 's head , or coma , is estimated to be 3,100 miles across , or 1.2 times the width of Australia . The Hubble team says its dust tail extends more than 57,000 miles -- more than twice the circumference of Earth , and far beyond the telescope 's field of view . OK , it 's a comet . Are n't there lots of comets ? Why is this one special ? Some early comet prognosticators have tagged ISON "  the comet of the century . " "  Comet ISON has the potential to be among the brightest comets of the last 50 years , " Dennis Bodewits , an astronomer at University of Maryland at College Park , told NASA . Bodewits and other astronomers used NASA 's Swift satellite to estimate ISON 's water and dust production . How to tell space rocks apart "  Comet ISON belongs to a class of comets called Sungrazing comets , " Karl Battams of the Naval Research Lab told CNN . This means it will fly relatively close to our sun . These comets "  teach us not only about comets , but also yield valuable and unique results about the sun , " he said . But before you get too excited , other experts caution it 's too early to know what ISON will do . "  Predicting the behavior of comets is like predicting the behavior of cats -- ca n't really be done , " Don Yeomans of NASA 's Near-Earth Object Program told CNN.com in March . Welcome to the Year of the Comet  we hope When can I see it ? In November , ISON is expected to fly through the sun 's atmosphere at about 700,000 miles above the surface . If it survives the sun 's heat , experts say it might glow as brightly as the moon and be briefly visible in daylight . Its tail might stretch far across the night sky . Or the sun could cause it to break apart . Why asteroids do n't surprise us anymore What if ISON breaks apart ? Is Earth in danger ? No . Experts say the comet wo n't threaten Earth . In fact , even if it breaks up , Battams says it could put on a big show . "  If Comet ISON splits , it might appear as a ` string of pearls ' when viewed through a telescope , " Battams told NASA . "  It might even resemble the famous Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 that hit Jupiter in 1994 . " Whatever happens to ISON , sky watchers in the Northern Hemisphere should have a good view for several months . NASA says it will pass almost directly over the North Pole and will be visible all night long . Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more science news	Comet ISON discovered in September , should pass within Earth 's view this year Hubble team : Comet ISON 's dust tail could wrap around Earth twice , then some It is expected to pass within sun 's atmosphere , and it should put on a big show Experts : Comet wo n't threaten Earth , even if sun 's heat breaks it apart as it passes
CNN  -- Investigators pleaded Monday for swift public help in reconstructing events leading to the disappearance of a 10-year-old Hickory , North Carolina , girl after casting doubt on her stepmother 's story . "  We are running out of time , folks , " Police Chief Tom Adkins told reporters Monday afternoon . "  The longer this thing goes , the likelihood -LSB- is -RSB- that this outcome will not be positive . " Zahra Clare Baker was last seen sleeping in her bedroom about 2:30 a.m. Saturday , according to Hickory police . She was reported missing about 2 p.m. Saturday by her father , Adam Baker , and stepmother , Elisa Baker . Adam Baker is cooperating with investigators , Adkins said . But Elisa Baker has been jailed on an outstanding warrant for a bad-check charge , prosecutors said , and Adkins said unspecified "  inconsistencies " in her statement "  has led us to believe that she has not been truthful to us . " "  At this point in the investigation , we are having a very difficult time establishing a true timeline , " Adkins said . "  We are looking for the public to help us . We need teachers . We need doctors . We need store clerks . We need anyone who has seen this girl in the last week , the last month . Anything they feel is important for us to know , we need the public to call us . " Adkins told reporters earlier Monday that it is unlikely Zahra had run away , and police said over the weekend that the possibility that she was abducted by a stranger was "  less likely than once anticipated . " A ransom note was found at the house , Adkins said Monday afternoon , but "  We are questioning the validity of that note . " Zahra is described as being about 5 feet 1 inch tall and weighing 85 pounds . She has brown hair and blue eyes , and according to CNN affiliate WCNC , she 's a cancer survivor . The girl uses a prosthetic leg and hearing aids . The hearing aids have been found , but not the prosthesis , Adkins said . Elisa Baker was arrested Sunday morning on four counts of writing worthless checks , said Eric Farr , a spokesman for the Catawba County District Attorney 's office . No attorney was listed in court papers , he said . Farr said she faces other charges in different counties , including a felony larceny count and other bad-check charges . She is being held on $ 31,500 bail . Adkins said Adam Baker faces similar charges , but police have held off serving an arrest warrant while he cooperates with police . Adkins said Sunday that a small fire had been reported at the residence the morning Zahra is thought to have vanished . He said "  some evidence " was recovered from the scene , but would not elaborate on what connection the fire may have with the investigation . The FBI is assisting Hickory police in the investigation , officials said . Authorities ask anyone with information to contact the Hickory Police Department . HLN 's Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	Police cast doubt on stepmother 's story , plead for help "  We are running out of time , folks " 10-year-old Zahra Clare Baker was reported missing Saturday The girl 's stepmother is being held on worthless check charges
Baghdad  CNN  -- A series of bomb attacks throughout Iraq left 35 people dead and scores injured , officials with Iraq 's Interior Ministry and police said Sunday . At least 28 people were killed in a suicide bombing attack in a Sunni mosque in the Ghazaliya neighborhood in western Baghdad late Sunday , an Interior Ministry official said . At least 37 others were wounded in the attack . A Sunni member of Parliament , Khalid al-Fahdawi , was among the dead . In Tarmiyah , about 40 kilometers north of Baghdad , two people were killed and five were wounded after a bomb exploded near a Sunni mosque as worshippers finished up a nightly prayer for the celebrations of Ramadan , an Interior Ministry spokesman said . Also Sunday , an bomb explosion killed two people in the Baghdad 's Shiite-majority neighborhood of Jadriya , the spokesman said . In Mosul , six roadside bombs exploded in the town 's center , wounding five police officers and two civilians . Also , on the highway that connects Mosul to Syria , a roadside bomb exploded on an Iraqi army convoy , leaving two wounded . In a separate incident , one man was killed after being attacked by gunmen . Two people were killed in Fallujah , officials said . Some of the attacks appeared to target policemen , the spokesman said . According to intelligence analysts with SITE , the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State of Iraq  ISI  vowed to step up attacks in the country to avenge the death of Osama bin Laden . In a jihadist forum intercepted by intelligence officials on August 19 , ISI leaders said they would conduct several phases of its "  Plan of the Good Harvest " campaign , SITE reported , one of which would take place during the holy month of Ramadan . However , previous attacks against Sunnis have been associated with Shiite militias , Iraqi analysts say . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and journalist Muhaiman Mohammed contributed to this report .	At least 28 die in a suicide attack on a Sunni mosque ; victims include a member of Parliament Others are killed or wounded in separate attacks in Mosul and Fallujah A al Qaeda-affiliated group promised attacks during month of Ramadan
What a difference two years make . Instead of a band of rabble-rousing conservatives , a markedly different group was plotting campaign strategy with House Republican leaders at a recent party headquarters meeting . Gone is the tea party-infused talk of confrontation . This diverse group -- top-tier candidates picked to be in the GOP 's "  Young Guns " program -- includes an openly gay former Massachusetts state legislator , an African-American female mayor from Utah and an Indian-American Ivy league graduate from California . Unlike the take-no-prisoners approach of two years ago , these candidates stressed the need to work with Democrats to get things done in Washington . Richard Tisei , who was one of the few Republicans in the Democratic-dominated Massachusetts Senate , said that voters are frustrated with a polarized Congress and that he has a record of getting things done . "  I can bring my experience , having served in the Legislature on , you know , a state level , down here and hopefully bring some common sense and willingness to work across the aisle , " Tisei told CNN . If Tisei beats eight-term Democratic Rep John Tierney in November , he would be the first House Republican to say he 's gay while running for a first term in office . He supports same-sex marriage and signed onto a legal challenge to overturn the Defense of Marriage Act , a law GOP leaders are fighting to uphold in the federal courts . "  I am a live-and-let-live Republican . I think the government , again , should get off your back , out of your wallet and away from the bedroom , " Tisei said . Further proof that he does n't fit the traditional GOP candidate mold -- Tisei refuses to sign a pledge that he will not raise taxes . "  If there are loopholes that could be closed , help pay down the deficit , I do n't want to tie myself up in knots . I want the option of being able to do what needs to be done to help the country , " he said . The Young Guns program Tisei recently joined was started in 2007 by three Republican rising stars -- Reps. Eric Cantor of Virginia , Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Kevin McCarthy of California . The three were concerned their party was n't doing enough to grow its base and recruit candidates in districts where the GOP lost in 2006 . The program grew to support 90 candidates in 2009 and became part of the National Republican Congressional Commitee . Those selected for the program received financial and political support from the national party , and 62 of them won in 2010 , helping to return the House gavel back to the GOP . Democrats have a similar program they call "  Red to Blue . " McCarthy , who led GOP recruiting two years ago , which included outreach to females and minorities , told CNN "  the caliber of the candidates has only improved higher because of the success of the last one . " The third-ranking House Republican said he thinks leaders will pick 30 to 40 Young Guns by this fall . Fitting the "  young " part of the bill is Indian-American Ricky Gill , 25 , who hopes he 'll become the youngest member of Congress next year . A Princeton University graduate who has endorsements from popular Republican Govs. Chris Christie of New Jersey and Nikki Haley of South Carolina , Gill said his campaign represents a "  GOP version 2.0 . " He boasts that he 's raised the most money of any Republican challenger in the country in his bid to unseat Democratic Rep. Jerry McNerney in California . Gill said the 9th Congressional District in California is the "  quintessential swing " district . "  The person who 's going to win that race is the one who creates broad agreement about the issues of our day -- it 's getting people back to work ; it 's focusing on our agriculture economy . Those actually are consensus issues . " More so than Tisei or Gill , Mia Love may defy most people 's expectations of a GOP candidate -- a black , conservative Mormon from Utah . If elected to represent Utah 's 4th Congressional District , Love , the mayor of Saratoga Springs , would be the first black Republican congresswoman . "  There are a lot of people who have tried to define me as a person , " Love , a daughter of Haitian immigrants , told CNN 's Kyra Phillips in an interview last month . This year , McCarthy and other Republicans said divided government in Washington means candidates need to stress their ability to find solutions . Brad Dayspring , a senior adviser to YG Action Fund , a super PAC that supports House Republican candidates , told CNN that in 2010 candidates talked about repealing President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul , criticizing the spending in the stimulus program and opposing Democratic proposals such as cap and trade , but this year the message centers on "  solving problems . " Dayspring , a former Cantor aide , said the party 's ideology and issues are n't changing as Republicans work to increase the GOP majority , but he noted "  a conservative in Massachusetts is going to look a lot different from a conservative in Arkansas . " His group is evaluating GOP candidates across the country and plans to support 15 to 25 this cycle . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , insists the party is n't getting a makeover , saying Friday of these candidates , "  We did n't choose them for their demographics or their style . They just happen to be good candidates in districts that are winnable for us . " Democrats facing these Young Gun candidates said their talk of compromise does n't add up . Early and often Democrats are tying all of these challengers to the House GOP budget authored by Ryan , which passed without a single Democratic vote and which , they argue , will end Medicare . Gill refuses to get drawn in , saying he "  salutes the idea of us having this discussion , " but steers clear of personally endorsing the House Republican plan and instead zeroes in on his support of one piece of the plan that Ryan co-authored with a Senate Democrat . Democrats insist Republicans will change their moderate message if they win , and they 'll become just like the GOP members elected two years ago . Tierney , Tisei 's Democratic opponent in Massachusetts , told CNN , "  He 's going to fall right in line with them , and they 're the ones that wo n't compromise and we 've had compromise all the way up until the tea party election in 2010 . " Rep. Adam Kinzinger , an llinois freshman Republican who was one of the Young Guns two years ago , said 2010 was "  a very special year because people were just ticked off so you saw all these grass-roots Americans saying I can run for Congress , and I did that as a military guy with no significant legislative experience . " But Kinzinger said that 2010 was an "  outlier " election and that this year candidates need to show a vision for how they 'll produce results . "  I think it 's important that Republicans and Democrats start basically reaching across the aisle and finding the areas  where  we agree and at least moving forward on those , " he said . Despite the anti-incumbent mood and approval ratings for Congress at a record low , McCarthy , the House majority whip , said he believes voters will stick with Republicans this fall . "  I think the public sees some change in Congress , but they want to finish the job , " he said . Although Boehner recently warned there was a 1-in-3 chance Republicans could lose seats in the House , McCarthy was more bullish on the party 's electoral position , telling CNN that "  there 's an opportunity to gain in the overall number " of GOP seats . He cited the Young Guns program as the way to "  keep us on offense . "	Tea party-infused talk of confrontation absent from some GOP House candidates "  Young Guns " stress need to work with Democrats to get things done in Washington Group includes openly gay ex-Massachusetts state lawmaker , black female mayor from Utah
South African prosecutors say Oscar Pistorius ' sentence of five years in prison for shooting dead his girlfriend is nowhere near enough punishment . They want the double-amputee track star to be convicted of a more serious charge and to face a longer prison term . On Tuesday , a court in Pretoria began hearing arguments for and against an appeal of the original verdict in which Pistorius was found guilty of culpable homicide , or negligent killing , in the death of Reeva Steenkamp . Pistorius did n't attend the hearing , which continues Wednesday . ` Shockingly light ' In appeal documents filed previously , the prosecution called Pistorius ' sentence "  shockingly light " and inappropriate . They had originally sought conviction on a charge of murder . Prosecutors are arguing that Judge Thokozile Masipa misinterpreted a complex South African standard defining a technical form of intent that proved to be a central aspect of the case , according to CNN Legal Analyst Kelly Phelps . As a result , prosecutors argue , he should not have been convicted on the culpable homicide charge chosen by the judge . In explaining her sentence , Masipa concluded that Pistorius did not intend to kill Steenkamp . But critics of the verdict have argued that Masipa did n't correctly apply the intent standard , which is broader in South African law than what it typically means in casual conversation , Phelps says . Harsher or lighter sentence ? In their appeal of the sentence , prosecutors will have to prove the five years given by Masipa is inappropriate in light of sentencing guidelines and similar cases , according to Phelps . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel called for a minimum sentence of 10 years . If Judge Masipa sides with the prosecution on Tuesday , the case will go to the Supreme Court of Appeals in Bloemfontein , which will then hear the appeal itself , opening the door to the possibility of a harsher sentence . If she sides with the defense , and the verdict is not overturned , it could lead to a more lenient sentence , according to Phelps . Under South African law , Pistorius has to serve at least one-sixth of his sentence -- 10 months , as things stand -- before asking to be placed under correctional supervision . Correctional supervision usually means house arrest . Pistorius , 28 , made history when he became the first double-amputee to compete in the able-bodied Olympics in 2012 . He was born without the fibulae in his legs , which were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old .	Prosecutors want Pistorius to be convicted of a more serious charge They have called his five-year prison sentence "  shockingly light " Pistorius was found guilty of culpable homicide but not murder
U.S. officials reacted angrily Tuesday to comments attributed to Israel 's defense minister criticizing Secretary of State John Kerry 's efforts to broker a peace agreement between Israel and Palestinians . The derisive remarks appeared in a popular daily Israeli newspaper , Yedioth Ahronot , and reflect Moshe Yaalon 's skepticism of the Kerry-led U.S. efforts "  both in private conversations in Israel and in the U.S. " "  American Secretary of State John Kerry , who turned up here determined and acting out of misplaced obsession and messianic fervor , can not teach me anything about the conflict with the Palestinians , " Yaalon said , according to the paper . Yaalon later issued an apology in a written statement sent to media from the Defense Ministry . "  Israel and the United States share a common goal to advance the peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians led by Secretary Kerry . We appreciate Secretary Kerry 's many efforts towards that end , " the release said . "  The defense minister had no intention to cause any offense to the secretary , and he apologizes if the secretary was offended by words attributed to the minister . " Earlier , the U.S. State Department issued a harsh rebuke . Spokeswoman Marie Harf said it was shocking that a close ally would question Kerry 's motives . "  If these comments are accurate , we find the remarks of the defense minister to be offensive and inappropriate , especially given all that the United States has done to support Israel 's security needs and will continue to do , " she said at a regular media briefing . "  Secretary Kerry and his team , including Gen.  John  Allen , have been working day and night to try to promote a secure peace for Israel because of the secretary 's deep concern for Israel 's future . " President Barack Obama 's press secretary Jay Carney said much the same thing to reporters at the daily news conference at the White House . He added that Kerry met Sunday in Paris with Arab leaders to discuss peace initiatives , efforts that will continue . "  We 're pressing forward with both the Israelis and the Palestinians on this process and hope that it bears fruit , " he said . Kerry recently visited Jerusalem where he met multiple times with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . He declined to share details of the conversations with reporters but told them that progress was being made during the trip , his ninth to the region since becoming secretary about a year ago . "  We 're at the table today because of the determination to try to resolve this issue , and both of them have made the tough choices to stay at that table , " he said January 5 . "  We are now at a point where the choices narrow down and the choices are obviously real and difficult . And so we -- the United States , President Obama , myself -- will do everything in our power to help the parties be able to see the road ahead in ways that will meet the interests of both of their peoples . " Kerry has floated a proposal based on five months of intensive consultations with Israelis and Palestinians since the resumption of the peace process last summer . Yaalon was quoted Tuesday as saying : "  The American security plan presented to us is not worth the paper it 's written on . It contains no peace and no security . " Sa'eb Erekat , chief Palestinian negotiator and a member of the executive committee of the PLO , told CNN the comments were another indication that the Israeli government was trying to sabotage Kerry 's efforts . Israel wants to dictate terms , not negotiate , he told CNN . "  This is absolutely inappropriate and extremely despicable statements , because Mr. Kerry is exerting every possible human effort for the sake of peace for the Palestinians and Israelis , and he should not be rewarded with such statements from Yaalon or somebody else , " he said .	Israeli defense minister says he had no intention to offend Kerry John Kerry has "  misplaced obsession and messianic fervor , " Moshe Yaalon quoted as saying U.S. State Department calls the comments "  offensive and inappropriate " Kerry has said difficult choices lie ahead for Israeli , Palestinian negotiators
Washington  CNN  -- After months of bloodshed that has left the Syrian people on the brink of civil war , more than 1,000 activists gathered outside the White House on Saturday to mark the one-year anniversary of the start of the uprising in Syria . The activists -- ranging in age from children to senior citizens -- waved Syrian flags and held posters denouncing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The protesters were calling upon U.S. President Barack Obama to intervene in the conflict that has left more than 8,000 people dead , according to U.N. estimates . Mahmoud Khattab , chairman of the Syrian American Council and one of the organizers of Saturday 's rally , said he 's tired of Obama 's words and wants to see them turned into action . Khattab , who has met with Secretary of State Hilary Clinton , said the Obama administration has n't stepped in to help Syria for a number of reasons , including a divided opposition . "  That might be true , but I do n't think that that 's an excuse , you know , to let things as is in Syria , " said Khattab , adding that the administration told him there is danger of a civil war if it interferes . "  What I feel and what I tell them , in fact , if they do n't interfere , there will be civil war and there will be a big mess in Syria that will spread to all surrounding countries . " According to organizers , more than 1,200 protesters from around the United States -- many of them Syrian-Americans -- attended the rally , where a surprising youth presence expressed their frustration with the situation . Wearing Syrian headbands and face paint , they clapped and chanted in unison , "  We just want to stop the killing , freedom for Syria , God willing ! " Some of that frustration comes from a lack of American awareness , said 14-year-old Tala al-Saghir . "  Really what we have to do is , you have to inform other people because people do n't know about it , " said al-Saghir , who has family living in the battered city of Homs . "  All they know is that , ` Oh , there 's something going on in the Middle East , ' when really it 's much more than that . They 're fighting for their freedom . It 's something we have guaranteed here in America . We have it no matter what . But these people do n't have it and they 're fighting for that , and we need to respect that and help them . " Nadine Tayeb , 16 , agreed . "  As a Syrian-American , we need help , " Tayeb said . "  We need help from D.C. . We need help from Obama . We need help from people who can actually make a difference . We 're trying our hardest , but clearly it 's not helping . So we are asking for America 's help . "	More than 1,000 activists gather outside White House to call for action An uprising and violent crackdown broke out one year ago in Syria "  If they  U.S. officials  do n't interfere , there will be civil war , " an activist leader says
Johannesburg  CNN  -- A South African high court ruled Tuesday that cameras will be allowed in court for part of athlete Oscar Pistorius ' trial in the killing of his girlfriend . Judge Dunstan Mlambo in Pretoria High Court delivered his ruling -- which will put cameras in a criminal trial for the first time in South Africa -- in response to several local media broadcasters ' applications to broadcast the trial live . Pistorius goes on trial on March 3 , accused of murdering his girlfriend , model and law school graduate Reeva Steenkamp , just over a year ago . The double amputee Olympic star does not deny killing Steenkamp , but he says he mistook her for a home invader when he shot her in the bathroom of his upscale home in Pretoria . In his ruling , Mlambo said the question of whether the trial should be televised shows the conflict between the right of the accused to a fair trial and the right to freedom of expression for the media and the principle of open justice . To balance those interests , the judge said Pistorius and defense witnesses , as well as prosecution witnesses who choose not to give consent , should not be filmed by TV cameras as they testify . He also placed some limitations on still photography . However , the prosecution and defense opening statements and closing arguments , police evidence and experts ' testimony can be broadcast on TV , Mlambo said , and live audio recording for radio broadcast will be permitted for the whole trial . "  The justice system is still perceived as treating the rich and famous with kid gloves whilst being harsh on the poor and vulnerable , " the judge said . "  Enabling a larger South African society to follow first-hand the criminal proceedings which involve a celebrity , so to speak , will go a long way into dispelling these negative and unfounded perceptions about the justice system , and will inform and educate society regarding the conduct of criminal proceedings . " Pistorius ' legal team had argued that some witnesses would be inhibited and potentially traumatized by intrusive filming as they gave their testimony . The legal team for Steenkamp 's family also said it did not want the trial televised . Since being freed on bail , Pistorius has remained largely out of the spotlight . He released a statement on the anniversary of Steenkamp 's death , saying he would carry the "  complete trauma " of the day forever . "  No words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident that has caused such heartache for everyone who truly loved -- and continues to love Reeva , " he said on his website . Steenkamp 's family members , including her mother , have said they will attend the trial . It will be the first time they will face their daughter 's boyfriend in court . CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported from Johannesburg , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	High court judge rules that Oscar Pistorius ' murder trial can be televised in part Pistorius goes on trial on Monday , accused in the death of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp Judge says TV cameras wo n't be allowed to film testimony of Pistorius and defense witnesses But he allows live audio recording of the entire trial and televising of some parts
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The United Nations finds a tiny glimmer of good news in Afghanistan in a new report out Wednesday , saying that violence against civilians fell in the first half of the year . But even with attacks down 15 % compared with the first six months of 2011 , violence is taking a "  devastating toll on civilians , " the United Nations said . It cited the case of a father who brought his family to collect ID cards from a government office in Herat province , leaving his children and their mother by the gate while he went to find staff members . "  I heard a loud explosion and I ran back to the gate . I saw people lying in blood on the ground . I saw one of my daughters dead on the ground and my other three daughters and their mother wounded , " said the man , who was not named in the report . Another of his daughters later died of her wounds in the April attack that left 13 people dead and 57 wounded , the U.N. said . They were among 1,145 people killed and 1,954 injured in the first six months of the year , the report found . That 's down from 1,510 killed and 2,144 injured in the same period a year earlier . But the drop does little more than to bring levels of violence down to what they were in 2010 , says the report from the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan . Still , the drop marks the first time in five years there has been a fall rather than a rise in violence against civilians , the report said . Eighty percent of the attacks against civilians are by anti-government forces such as the Taliban , the U.N. said , while 10 % are by government forces . The world body could not determine responsibility for the other 10 % , the report said . The Taliban rejected the report as "  baseless and untrue , " saying its fighters were taking more care not to kill civilians . "  Our freedom fighters are now more responsible and careful when it comes to civilian casualties . That is why , in general , civilian casualty has decreased , " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said . He also disputed the U.N. definition of "  civilian , " saying : "  The Kabul administration and whoever either works for them or supports them in one way or the other can be our target . " He accused "  the invaders " and the government of killing , injuring and jailing civilians , and said the U.N. report did not include them . "  The Afghan people are our own people , and those who do n't have any links with invaders will always be safe , and we would put our lives at great risk to keep them safe , " he said .	NEW : The Taliban rejects the report , saying it is trying not to target civilians It 's the first time in five years there has been a fall in violence against civilians The drop brings the level down only to what it was two years ago Attacks still take a "  devastating toll on civilians , " the U.N. mission in Afghanistan says
CNN  -- Chilean officials declared a "  catastrophe " in eight municipalities Wednesday after heavy snow blanketed communities and blocked roads in what the nation 's interior minister called a "  white earthquake . " "  It has snowed more than ever , " Curacautin Mayor Jorge Saquel told CNN Chile Tuesday . "  This is an anomaly . ... This worries us because the meteorologists assure us that new snowstorms are coming . " In the city of Lonquimay , officials said snow had piled more than 2.3 meters  7.5 feet  high . Interior Minister Rodrigo Hinzpeter on Wednesday called the situation a "  white earthquake " and asked the country 's military and public works officials to help citizens in some of the hardest-hit areas in the country 's central Araucania region . "  This storm is strong and it is likely that in the coming days we could suffer from more bad weather fronts , more heavy snowfall , that make the situation even worse , " Hinzpeter said . "  But of course when this occurs , our government will always be on the side of those who are suffering , using all the tools provided by our legal system . " Authorities said they were sending trucks filled with food to the region , along with military helicopters to reach people in remote areas . More than 6,500 people remained isolated Wednesday in Lonquimay , a town with many living in outlying , rural areas , CNN Chile affiliate Universidad Autonoma Television reported . Earlier this week , local officials said federal assistance had not arrived quickly enough . "  The settlers and people of Lonquimay are buried undered the snow . There are areas with more than 2.3 meters of snow and we have gone many days without being able to communicate with many of them , " Lonquimay Mayor Guillermo Vasquez said in a statement Monday . "  The emergency director promised us two bulldozers to clear the roads . We have people who are isolated . ... Touching the snow , it is like glass , " Saquel told CNN Chile . "  The machines and food should have arrived as soon as possible . "	NEW : Officials in one city say more than 2.3 meters of snow have fallen CNN Chile affiliate : More than 6,500 are isolated in one town "  It has snowed more than ever , " Curacautin Mayor Jorge Saquel says The interior minister calls the snowstorm a "  white earthquake "
Anyone who has ever owned a boat has probably dreamed of cruising around the world on it . Sadly , very few of us actually do . Work , kids , health or other commitments usually gets in the way of our ambitions . Mike and Judy Ryan were no different , with three young daughters and a hectic hotel business to run . But in 2007 , they decided they had waited long enough to fulfil their dream . Back then their youngest daughter Fiona was just eight years old , Madeleine was ten and Justine 12 . Mike had come to the end of a major project launching the Ritz Carlton hotel on Grand Cayman and Judy was preparing to move the family to London . Nine months and a handful of charters later to help determine the size and style of yacht they 'd need and they were ready to set sail in their newly acquired 40-meter sailing yacht "  Tenaz . " With two live aboard tutors to home school the kids and a crew of six including their first mate and future Captain Amy Galloway , their nine-month adventure was about to begin . Click through the numbered panels to read excerpts from their remarkable journey gleaned from Judy 's blog . Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT © 2010 IPC MEDIA LTD. . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	Mike and Judy Ryan sailed the world with their three young children . They traveled through the Mediterranean to the Red Sea , the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Highlights : Orangutans , land-diving natives and impossibly beautiful coastlines
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Oscar Reynoso owed his bosses $ 300,000 , and he was running out of time . One anti-drug operation in Atlanta netted $ 10.6 million , 108 kilos of cocaine , 17 pounds of meth and 32 weapons . Gunmen snatched Reynoso and locked him in the basement of a home to try to settle the drug debt . He was chained to a wall of the basement by his hands and ankles , gagged and beaten . His captors , members of a powerful Mexican drug cartel , held Reynoso for ransom , chained in the sweltering , dirty basement for six days without food . Reynoso 's ordeal could 've been a scene from the drug war in Mexico . But it played out recently in suburban Atlanta , Georgia . U.S. federal agents are fighting to keep that kind of violence from gripping Atlanta , as the city known for Coca-Cola and Delta Air Lines has become a major distribution hub for Mexican drug cartels . In fiscal year 2008 , authorities confiscated about $ 70 million in drug-related cash in Atlanta , more than anywhere else in the United States , the Drug Enforcement Administration says . This fiscal year , Atlanta continues to outpace all other U.S. regions in such seizures , with $ 30 million confiscated so far . Next are Los Angeles , California , with about $ 19 million , and Chicago , Illinois , with $ 18 million . "  There is definitely a center of this type of drug activity here , and we are working to make sure the violence does not spill out to the general public , " Atlanta U.S. Attorney David Nahmias said . Atlanta has become a stopping point for truckloads of Mexican cocaine , heroin , marijuana and methamphetamine , agents say . The drugs are held in stash houses before being distributed up the East Coast . "  The money comes down here also to money managers in Atlanta , who get the books in order before it is sent out , " said Rodney Benson , Atlanta 's chief of the DEA . Agents attribute the growth in drug trafficking to Atlanta 's location , proximity to other major cities and access to major highways . Authorities also point to the growth of the Hispanic population in Atlanta , which allows practitioners of the Mexican drug trade to blend in among hard-working , law-abiding Hispanics . No place is that more evident than in Gwinnett County , a community about 20 miles north of Atlanta . Gwinnett 's Hispanic population rocketed from 8,470 in 1990 to 63,727 in 2000 , according to the U.S. Census . By 2010 , 20 percent of the county 's projected population of 700,000 is expected to be Hispanic . "  In Gwinnett County , the drug dealers are able to hide in plain sight , " county District Attorney Danny Porter said . "  To combat this , we have to be much more coordinated between my office , the police department and the federal authorities . The presence of the organizations is a dilemma enough that we have to develop new tactics . " Federal agents say arrests and drug-related violence in Atlanta have been linked to the two most powerful Mexican organizations : the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels . A battle over drug routes has been blamed for the recent surge in violence in Mexican border towns , bloodshed that has included hundreds of deaths . The fear is that the battle will extend deeper into the United States , causing more to suffer a fate similar to Reynoso 's ordeal in the Gwinnett County basement . Lucky for Reynoso , federal agents had a wiretap on his captors ' phones . Agents stormed the home just as it appeared that the debt would not be paid and Reynoso would be killed . "  There is no doubt in my mind that we saved his life that day , " said the DEA 's Benson . One case resolved , as cartels thrive in Atlanta .	City outpaces all others in the United States in drug-related cash seizures $ 30 million has been confiscated in Atlanta this fiscal year Location , proximity to other cities and highways cited in trafficking growth Drug dealers "  hide in plain sight " in suburban Gwinnett County
American defense officials Tuesday pushed back against the notion that China has used cyberespionage to obtain extensive design information on advanced American weapons . "  Suggestions that cyberintrusions have somehow led to the erosion of our capabilities or technological edge are incorrect , " said Pentagon press secretary George Little . "  We maintain full confidence in our weapons platforms . " The Pentagon was responding to a list of weapons systems whose secrets had been compromised by Chinese cyberespionage , which the Washington Post says was in a confidential report by the Defense Science Board . While the extent of the secrets stolen was not clear , the list of compromised weapons in the Post included some of the Defense Department 's crown jewels of high-tech fighting : jets like the F-35 and the FA-18 , anti-missile defenses like the Patriot and Aegis systems , the new Littoral Combat Ship and the Global Hawk unmanned surveillance plane . Contacted by CNN , several members of the Defense Science Board declined to comment . Former officer allegedly leaked U.S. military secrets to Chinese girlfriend But James Lewis , a cyberexpert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said that China could use such cyberespionage in several ways that could put American fighters at risk : to copy weapons technology , counter American weapons based on that knowledge or even disrupt their operation by interfering with the software that runs them . "  If you mess with that software , " he said , "  the airplane wo n't fly . The missile will miss its target and the ship might not get where it was intended to go . " Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , described cyberespionage as "  tremendously serious . " "  The viciousness , and just the volume of attacks , not only by the Chinese but Russians and others trying to get the blueprints of our most sensitive material is just breathtaking -- and they 're getting better , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . He laid out why such attacks might matter . "  We , in some cases , have to go back for any material that may have been stolen ... and redesign it . It costs more money , " he said . "  It costs billions and billions of dollars extra to try to make sure that we 're staying ahead of our adversaries with technology . When they steal it , they leap ahead . That means we have to invest more , and change that technology . It is a serious problem . " In a publicly released portion of the Defense Science Board 's report , the authors warn that cyberwarfare "  may impose severe consequences for U.S. forces engaged in combat , " including American weapons failing to operate , communications problems , or even planes or satellites potentially crashing . One American official , while acknowledging cyberintrusions from China , said the claims of design details being compromised were overstated . "  The idea that somehow whoever the intruders were got the keys to the weapons kingdom is a stretch , " the official said . "  Getting one piece without the rest of the parts makes it hard to build a weapons platform . " Defense officials also said they have taken steps to address the concerns , and that some of the information about potential breaches was dated . Kevin Mandia of Mandiant , a cybersecurity firm that has also been tracking Chinese military hackers , said that while many key Pentagon installations are well-fortified against hackers , cyberdefenses need to be deployed more widely . "  There 's a lot of engineering that gets done in an academic setting , " he said . "  There 's a lot of engineering that gets done at the defense industrial base . And a lot of these places have been compromised for over 10 years . " The allegation of cyberpenetration comes at a time when China has been stepping up its efforts to close the gap with the United States in terms of advanced military technology . In recent years , China has tested a missile that knocked out a satellite , conducted test flights of a stealth warplane , deployed its first aircraft carrier and developed an advanced "  carrier-killer " missile for warfare against ships . China 's embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to inquiries from CNN about the allegation of stealing secrets . But in the past , Chinese officials have said China does not conduct cyberespionage on U.S. agencies or companies .	"  We maintain full confidence in our weapons platforms , " says Pentagon spokesman He was responding to a report in the Washington Post The newspaper published a list of compromised weapons Rep. Rogers : "  When they steal it , they leap ahead "
CNN  -- Pop star Michael Jackson will avoid foreclosure on his Neverland Ranch property with a new loan , a Jackson insider told CNN Wednesday . Michael Jackson owes millions of dollars on his sprawling property in the Santa Ynez Valley in California . Documents show that Neverland Ranch in Los Olivos , California , is scheduled for a public auction on March 19 at Santa Barbara 's downtown courthouse . But the Jackson source said that wo n't happen . "  Michael Jackson 's ranch is not going to be auctioned off at the courthouse , " the Jackson insider said . "  The financing is all being worked out . " "  There are plenty of lenders willing to work with him . The real estate market is very bad right now and Jackson is being affected just like many other Americans , " the source said . The Santa Barbara County Recorder 's Web site lists a "  notice of trustees sale " by Jackson and his property lenders , Financial Title Company , filed Monday . In California , title companies typically represent lenders in foreclosure cases . A notice of trustees sale can not be posted earlier than 90 days after a notice of default is filed . That notice is not filed unless a loan is in substantial default , sometimes six months or more past due . A real estate source inside Santa Barbara County said the trustees filing is only the first step in a long process that could drag on for months . The real estate source said other options are available to Jackson , including selling the ranch directly to another party or making a payment on his $ 24.5 million Neverland debt that would satisfy the trustee . The recorder 's Web site also reveals there was a release of lien on Jackson on February 4 , showing he paid off all or part of delinquent taxes to the state of California . "  It seems unlikely that someone would pay off back taxes , only to let the ranch go up for auction a few weeks later , " said the real estate source . Jackson has not lived at Neverland since June 2005 , after a Santa Barbara County jury found him not guilty of child molestation charges . E-mail to a friend	A public auction has been set for March 19 , according to court documents Jackson owes $ 24.5 million on the property Jackson insider : "  The financing is all being worked out " The singer has not lived at Neverland Ranch since June 2005
CNN  -- Another day , another mass shooting in America . More blood , more tears , more knee-jerk rhetoric about finding a solution for a bunch of different problems . Those who knew Aaron Alexis -- the shooter who killed 12 and injured eight more at the Washington Navy Yard this week -- said he was a quiet , shy man . At one point he was studying Buddhism and meditated often . A little more digging , and we find he had several gun-related arrests and a pattern of misconduct in the Navy , but he was honorably discharged . Pieces of a puzzle we may never fully put together . But the fact that there is still so much we do n't know about Alexis -- or the motive behind the shootings -- wo n't detour gun-control advocates from lumping his story in with that of Adam Lanza , the man police say is responsible for the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School , along with the victims from gang - and drug-related shootings . This is why after the tears have dried and the blood washes away , little , if anything , will change . And because gun-control advocates so often try to cobble together every distinct narrative involving guns into a one-size-fits-all conversation , they are as much to blame for this merry-go-round as the gun lobbyists against whom they fight . Gun shops are illegal in Chicago . Opinion : What could have prevented carnage ? The city has bans on both assault weapons and high-capacity magazines . And yet each week people continue to die in the streets from gunshot wounds . This conundrum is just one example why making note that more Americans have died from gun violence here at home since Newtown than in the nine years fighting a war in Iraq is the kind of factoid that grabs our attention but undermines the true goal : curtailing the violence . Not all deaths involving guns are the same -- therefore trying to address each incident from the same point of view is futile . Until we learn more about Alexis -- the events leading up to the shootings and the motive -- the tragedy in Washington should not be used as catalyst for a conversation about gun control . Instead , we should mourn and wait for more information . Far too often assumptions surrounding the details of tragedies such as the one in Washington are made , and well-intentioned stances fall apart when additional facts come to light . The guns James Holmes was charged with using in Aurora were purchased legally . Beyond the presence of a gun , the crimes committed in the movie theater are not at all similar to what happens in the streets of our large cities . And each time a politician or gun-control advocate tries to use these two very different examples interchangeably , the entire conversation and argument are compromised . This happened after Newtown . It happened after Aurora . And it will keep continue to happen until the advocates accept that ridding the country of guns is a hopeless -- and unconstitutional mission -- and that the real goal should be addressing the factors that lead to the various forms of gun violence : factors such as poverty , mental health and failing schools . Last month the nation breathed a sigh of relief after Antoinette Tuff , a bookkeeper in an elementary school in suburban Atlanta , prevented a man with an AK-47-type weapon and nearly 500 rounds of ammunition from hurting anyone . It was not the time to talk generally about gun violence in this country . It was the time to discuss specifics such as cuts to mental health and its impact on services , given that the suspect , 20-year-old Michael Brandon Hill , has a long history of mental disorders . Hill 's storyline is similar to that of Lanza , and there are questions whether Holmes , the admitted shooter in the Aurora movie theater , is insane . Public debates with Wayne LaPierre and attacks on the National Rifle Association have proven to be an ineffective way to prevent gun violence . In the wake of the Washington Navy Yard killings , perhaps a new strategy , one that does n't involve playing on the nation 's emotions or challenging the relevance of the Second Amendment , should be employed . That 's not saying the NRA has won -- in fact , I think LaPierre should step down because each time he opens his mouth , he steps in it -- but at the end of the day the organization is more of an agitator than the enemy . There is no one enemy . Thus there is no one solution . Because like it or not , the folks spraying our cities with bullets are not NRA members or legal gun owners . And despite the tendency to tie it all together , they have nothing to do with the Adam Lanzas of the world . And it 's too early to know how Alexis fits in the conversation . According to a count by USA Today , more than 900 people have been killed in mass shootings since 2006 . The thousands of other victims of gun violence over the past seven years died from many different circumstances , requiring different conversations . This is why gun-control advocates need to abandon the routine of using mass shootings to turn law-abiding citizens into social pariahs and instead focus on something that could work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : We 're hearing more knee-jerk rhetoric about gun-control measures He says there 's not enough information about Navy Yard shootings to figure out solutions More gun-control measures are unrealistic and wo n't prevent the carnage , he says Granderson : Many different factors lead to gun violence
CNN  -- When pitcher Josh Faiola walks out of the dugout on opening day with the Lake Erie Crushers , he 'll already have a large group of fans in the stands -- his new roommates at the Belvedere of Westlake assisted living facility . Pitcher Josh Failoa stands as residents and friends of The Belvedere of Westlake welcome him Tuesday . The 25-year-old , who was drafted in 2006 by the Baltimore Orioles and is trying to work his way to the majors , admits he was caught a little off guard when he was told about his new housing situation . "  At first I was like , ` OK , that 's a little different , ' " he said . "  I was taken aback at first . " And he was also the butt of a couple jokes from his teammates . "  They were saying things like ` So what 's the deal ? Do you have to go to bed early ? ' " Faiola said . But then he told them about his room -- a large suite , with his own kitchenette , washer and dryer , furniture and a TV . "  Then they changed their tune , " he said . "  They were like ` That 's awesome . Are they any other vacancies ? ' " Like many of the players in the independent Frontier League who do n't rake in the big bucks , Faiola is living with a host family . But his host family is a little different . Most of the players live with families with younger children . But in his case , Faiola is the young one -- about 55 years younger than the rest of his "  roommates . " Eighty-four-year-old Meda Dennis , who has been living in the center for four years , said Faiola 's arrival is the most exciting thing to happen since a good Elvis impersonator showed up . "  It 's been quite exciting because he 's young and new and interesting and we 're old , " she joked . Faiola made his way to the assisted living center in Westlake , Ohio , near Cleveland , with the help of Cindy Griffiths-Novak . She heard the new local baseball team was looking for host families for the players . But because she has a 3 - and 4-year-old at home , she turned to her family 's assisted living center as an option for Faiola . Griffiths-Novak went to the residents with the idea and they unanimously voted for Faiola to live there . But his new housing situation is about more than just a place to crash after the game . "  It certainly is great for the residents because now we get a lot of energy and youth and excitement , " Griffiths-Novak said . It has turned into an exciting time for the residents , who jumped at the chance to decorate the entire facility before the pitcher 's arrival . "  You should see the decorations , " Griffiths-Novak said . "  The residents all signed motivational good luck pennants for him , there 's a 40-foot banner , we have a whole thing dedicated to Josh . I 'm sure he is so embarrassed with all of the baseball cards with their face on it . " They 've made signs telling him he 's in a league of his own , but they 've also set their expectations high for him . "  Some of the pendants say things like ` Do n't get cut , move your butt , ' " Griffiths-Novak said . "  He 's certainly going to be under the microscope ! We 'll be watching and keeping track of all of his stats . " Faiola was awestruck when he walked in and saw all of the decorations . The activity director has been doing craft activities with the residents -- making visors with baseball logos and Crushers necklaces in anticipation of the game . Dennis is looking forward to watching their new ace pitcher hit the mound even though she has n't seen a baseball game live in a while . "  Anything 's better than the Indians right now , " Dennis joked . "  We 'll definitely be cheering for him , though , and if he happens to have a bad game , he 'll have a lot of shoulders to cry on . But I do n't think he 'll need them . " Norma J. Lane , 85 , said even though she 's more of a football fan , she 's looking forward to following Faiola and baseball more closely . "  We are just wishing him well because it 's such a great experience for all of us , " Lane said . "  We 're looking forward to having him around . " Faiola said he is excited to help bring some fun to the residents , some of whom are already considering him to be like a grandson . "  I always loved spending time with my grandparents and one of my great-grandparents was in an assisted living home and I remember how excited she was to see us when we went to visit her , " he said . "  And they are being so nice to open up this place to me , so hopefully I can bring a little bit of joy . " Faiola , who had surgery two years ago and was dropped from the Orioles during spring training , is hoping his stint with the Crushers can help get him picked up by a Major League team . Regardless of what happens , he knows he has the support of his new roommates . "  They 've all really come out and supported me , they even bring me food and give me snacks , " he said . "  I could n't ask for anything better . And with all of them watching so closely , I 'll have to keep my game up . They 've definitely set a high bar for me . "	Because of little pay in independent league , players stay with host families Pitcher Josh Faiola staying at Belvedere of Westlake facility near Cleveland , Ohio Faiola says teammates joked first , but he 's thrilled to bring energy to residents Residents decorated facility , will be watching pitcher 's every throw
CIANJUR , Indonesia  CNN  -- More than a day after a major earthquake jolted Indonesia 's Java Island , killing at least 57 people , there is still no word from remote villages along the coast , a relief worker told CNN Thursday . Soldiers try to dig out the body of a victim buried by a landslide caused by the earthquake . "  This earthquake has injured hundreds of people and  destroyed or damaged  thousands of houses , " World Vision 's Katarina Hardono said . "  We worry that the number can be easily more because in many places , actually the coastal areas , we still  have n't gotten  any news . " Rescuers are still searching for dozens of people feared trapped in a quake-triggered landslide in Cianjur in West Java . They pulled several bodies from the rubble Thursday bringing the death toll from the quake to 57 . "  The death count has been thankfully low , but we have to remember that tens of thousands of homes have been damaged or destroyed and children and adults are urgently in need of relief items , " said Hardono , who spoke to CNN from the Indonesian capital , Jakarta . Rainfall Thursday hampered the rescue efforts in Cianjur , where the landslide buried at least 11 homes where 32 people live , local officials said . Watch description of the evacuation after the quake hit " Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono visited Cianjur , and vowed to free up nearly $ 500,000  5 billion rupiahs  for emergency response efforts , according to the state-run Antara news agency . He said there was no need for foreign assistance just yet . "  Until now the Indonesian government is still able to handle it by itself using existing national resources , " he said , according to Antara . Rescuers in Cianjur used their hands and rudimentary tools to try to pry away the rocks , some that were bigger than cars . No heavy machinery could be brought in to help in the rescue effort because many roads in the area were blocked . The 7.0-magnitude temblor jolted the island on Wednesday shortly before 3 p.m. local time  4 a.m. ET  . More than 400 people were injured . Watch how buildings swayed during quake " The temblor rocked high-rise buildings in Jakarta , prompting a mass evacuation in the capital 's central business district . iReport.com : Swimming pool shakes during quake "  I was on the 13th floor of our office building , and you know we could feel the building  shake  from left to right , " said CNN 's Andy Saputra . "  We all ran to the fire escape and escaped from there . " Indonesia is no stranger to major earthquakes . It is located on the "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . In 2004 , an earthquake measuring at least 9.0 in magnitude struck off the coast of the northern tip of Indonesia 's Sumatra island , triggering a major tsunami in the Indian Ocean that killed more than 200,000 people in 11 countries . About three weeks ago , a series of earthquakes -- ranging in magnitude from 4.7 to 6.7 -- struck off the western coast of Sumatra . At least seven people were injured and one building collapsed . CNN Radio 's Chris Chandler contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 57 killed , another 400 injured , says disaster agency Tsunami watch quickly expires , Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says Older buildings damaged in Tasikmalaya in Indonesian island of Java , witness says Series of quakes hit Indonesia 's Sumatra Island three weeks ago
Enrique Pena Nieto was sworn in as Mexico 's new president Saturday , returning his party to power and promising to change the country 's fight against organized crime . Pena Nieto belongs to the Institutional Revolutionary Party  PRI  , which ruled Mexico for more than 70 years before losing the presidency in 2000 . "  We are a nation that is going at two different speeds . There 's a Mexico of progress and development . But there 's another , too , that lives in the past and in poverty , " he said during his inaugural address at the National Palace in Mexico City . "  Mexico has not achieved the advances its people demand and deserve , " he said . Pena Nieto , 46 , promised to create economic opportunities and reduce violence . Peace , he said , would be his government 's first goal . More than 60,000 people lost their lives in drug-related violence during the six-year term of his predecessor , Felipe Calderon . Without jobs and social programs , Pena Nieto has said , millions of people will turn to crime . Pena Nieto said earlier this week that his security strategy will focus on reducing the drug-related violence , though he provided few specifics about how he would stem the violence or what aspects of Calderon 's strategy he will change . The two men took part in handover ceremonies . Exactly as scheduled , at 12:01 a.m. local time , Calderon and Pena Nieto walked down the escalators to a patio in the National Palace . In a ceremony lasting about five minutes , Calderon received the national flag from a military school cadet and immediately handed it to Pena Nieto . The act symbolized the transfer of command of the security forces . Afterward , both men greeted members of the new Cabinet , then the outgoing Cabinet members . Minutes later , in a separate ceremony , Pena Nieto conducted the oath of office of the new Security Cabinet , comprised of Miguel Angel Osorio Chong as the head of the Ministry of the Interior , Salvador Cienfuegos Zepeda as head of the Ministry of National Defense and Vidal Soberon Sanz as Secretary of the Navy . Pena Nieto said the new government had taken office "  from the first minute of this day . " "  A governmental transition has been completed in an orderly , legal and transparent fashion , " he said . "  This process has helped to preserve the political stability , economic and social development of the nation . Mexico has shown democratic maturity and institutional strength , " he said . "  In accordance with Article 83 of the constitution , today I begin to exercise the honorable position of president of the United States of Mexico . " As Pena Nieto was being sworn in , his opponents clashed with police outside Congress . Video showed protesters hurling rocks at metal barriers , as police fired back with tear gas . Pena Nieto won 38 % of the vote in July , besting his closest competitor , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , who garnered some 32 % of the vote and refused to accept the result . Pena Nieto and Calderon took to social media to commemorate the transition . "  My term ends , but not my commitment to Mexico , which I will continue fighting until the last of my days , " Calderon tweeted . Another of his tweets read : "  The handover of the national flag for the change of guard from the president to the president-elect symbolizes the transfer of command . " Calderon is headed next to Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government in Cambridge , Massachusetts . The school announced this week that Calderon will spend the next year as a global public leaders fellow at the school . Pena Nieto tweeted : "  Starting today , I begin to occupy the post of Constitutional President of the United Mexican States . I am confident in my team and I recognize their track record , which supports its commitment to Mexico . "	Protesters , police clash outside Congress Enrique Pena Nieto pledges to create opportunity , reduce violence "  Mexico has not achieved the advances its people demand and deserve , " he says Pena Nieto 's victory is a return to power for his party after a 12-year gap
Tehran , Iran  CNN  The Basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to Iran 's religious leaders ; their mission is to protect the country 's Islamic order . To do that , they will go to any lengths necessary , including -- they say -- taking on ISIS . "  We all are prepared to go and destroy ISIS totally , " one Basij commander told CNN . "  If our Imam , our Supreme Leader orders us , we will destroy ISIS . " The commander says that , so far , the Basij has not been caught up in the fight against the feared Islamic extremists currently waging war in parts of Iraq and Syria . But Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guard 's Quds Force , led by General Qassem Suleimani , is already training , advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS . Suleimani was accused of involvement in the Shia insurgency against U.S. forces during the Iraq war . Today he is a celebrity to many Iraqis and Iranians . That is symbolic of the gulf that still exists between Iran and the U.S. , regardless of any thaw in relations in the wake of the recent agreement on a framework nuclear deal and ongoing talks . Iran , militias ' involvement in ISIS fight a mixed blessing Iranian officials , who believe their strategy is making a difference in the fight against ISIS , say they would like better cooperation with the U.S. , but point out that the level of trust simply is n't there . "  At the moment , we consider the United States to be a threat to us because its policies and actions are threatening to us , " said General Ahmad Reza Pourdastan , commander of Iran 's ground forces . "  We would like the US to change its rhetoric and tone of voice so that our nation could have more trust in U.S. military leadership . " And the feeling is mutual : the U.S. , which is leading the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq , has denied any direct coordination with Iran . Iran will do what it takes to fight ISIS Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective , and feel that the U.S. and its allies are not trying seriously enough to defeat the group . Iran 's President Hassan Rouhani told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last September that "  the aerial bombardment campaign is mostly ... a form of theater , rather than a serious battle against terrorism . " "  The battle in Iraq is very important to Iran , " explained Mohammed Marandi , a professor at Tehran University . "  The Iranians believe that the Americans , if they wanted to , could do a lot more to put pressure on their allies . And also , if they were serious about air strikes , they could do a lot more . " It 's a point the U.S. , of course , disagrees with -- U.S. President Barack Obama has vowed to "  degrade and ultimately defeat " the terror group . But Iran remains unconvinced . "  If they want to destroy ISIS , it is possible for them to achieve that , " said Major-General Hassan Firouzabadi , Iran 's chief of general staff . "  The U.S. military and intelligence organizations have many ways to strike at ISIS , but we have not seen anything so far except intelligence gathering from the U.S. and Britain , " he said . "  We hope that one day , because of their national interests and the will of their nations , the U.S. and the UK will decide to really fight ISIS . " In ISIS , Iran and the U.S. share a common enemy , but -- for now at least -- no apparent common strategy.Will Iran-Saudi proxy war erupt ?	Iran 's elite Quds Force is training , advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS . Iranian officials say they would like better cooperation with the U.S. , but say trust between the nations is lacking
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova powered into the semifinals of the WTA tournament in Birmingham with a straight sets victory over old adversary Sesil Karatantcheva on Friday . Sharapova , who is bidding to win her second Wimbledon title , has had to play catch-up at the rain-hit warm-up tournament , which she has won twice . The second seed beat Bethanie Mattek-Sands of the United States and then fellow Russian Alla Kudryavtseva in straight sets on Thursday and gave Karatantcheva similar short shrift in a 6-2 6-4 victory . The two have history dating back to an on-court incident in 2004 at Indian Wells and Sharapova has easily won their two subsequent matches . Karatantcheva , the 2004 French Open junior champion , was only 16 when banned for two years in 2006 for a doping offence which she vigorously denied . Sharapova is seeded to meet China 's Li Na , who beat Kaia Kanepi of Estonia 6-4 6-2 , in the final on Sunday . Li will play Aravane Rezai of France , who dispatched Sara Errani of Italy 7-6 7-5 . Next up for Sharapova on the grass of the Edgbaston Priory club will be American teenager Alison Riske , who shocked Belgian third seed Yanina Wickmayer 6-7 6-4 6-3 on Friday . Riske had to come through qualifying and survived the loss of the first set on a tiebreak to take charge .	Maria Sharapova reaches last four of WTA tournament in Birmingham Russian star sees off Sesil Karatantcheva of Kazakhstan in straight sets She next faces Alison Riske of the USA who shocked third seed Yanina Wickmayer
CNN  -- Attendees at 2014 's San Diego Comic-Con have gotten up close and personal with Ben Affleck 's Batman . On Thursday , DC Comics gave the first close-up look at Affleck 's caped hero , offering a profile photo of the newest Bruce Wayne as part of a montage honoring Batman 's 75th anniversary . First look at Ben Affleck in ` Batman vs. Superman ' In addition to the close-up photo , Affleck 's cape and cowl from the upcoming "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " has been seen on the SDCC floor . Henry Cavill suits up for ` Batman v Superman ' Affleck himself has n't been spotted , but he 's probably busy with director Zack Snyder 's production schedule . Work on "  Batman v Superman " is under way , with plans to shoot in Detroit and international locales . Also starring Henry Cavill as Superman , Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman , Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor and Amy Adams as Lois Lane , Snyder 's "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " will open May 6 , 2016 . Darth Car unveiled at Comic-Con Cosplay at Comic-Con : Who wore it best ?	A close-up photo of Ben Affleck 's Batman was shared at Comic-Con It was part of a montage celebrating the hero 's 75th anniversary Affleck is playing Batman in "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " The movie will arrive May 6 , 2016
CNN  -- Hosts Sri Lanka are through to their second successive Cricket World Cup final after beating New Zealand by five wickets in Colombo on Tuesday . The Black Caps struggled throughout their innings , failing to use their allocated 50 overs before eventually being skittled out for just 217 in 48.5 overs . And although Sri Lanka wobbled in their reply , Thilan Samaraweera  23 not out  and Angelo Mathews  14 not out  saw them home with a crucial 35-run stand as the home side made 220-5 off 47.5 overs -- inflicting a sixth semifinal defeat on New Zealand . As well as the significance of a World Cup semifinal , the match also marked the last apperance on home soil for legendary Sri Lankan spin bowler Muttiah Muralitharan . The 38-year-old , who is the most successful Test and one-day bowler in cricket history , went out in style , taking his 534th one-day wicket off his very last ball . Muralitharan had New Zealand top scorer Scott Styris  57  lbw to send the 38,000-crowd at the R. Premadasa stadium into wild scenes of celebration . It was one of Muralitharan 's two wickets , with Ajantha Mendis  3-35  and Lasith Malinga  3-55  also successful as New Zealand rarely threatened to post a score big enough to defend . In reply , Tillakaratne Dilshan  73  and skipper Kumar Sangakkara  54  helped Sri Lanka reach 160-1 to appear in total control . However , the loss of four wickets for just 25 runs threatened to derail Sri Lankan hopes before Samaraweera and Mathews steered them to their victory target . The victory moves 1996 champions Sri Lanka into their third final and , after finishing runners-up to Australia in 2007 , they will be looking to make amends when they face either India or Pakistan in Saturday 's final in Mumbai . Those two rivals face each other in Mohali on Wednesday in one of the most eagerly anticipated matches in recent history .	Hosts Sri Lanka are through to their second successive Cricket World Cup final Sri Lanka defeat New Zealand by five wickets in front of 38,000 fans in Colombo Muttiah Muralitharan takes a wicket in his final match on Sri Lanka soil They will now face either Pakistan or India in Saturday 's final in Mumbai
Just when you thought you might enjoy a week without any news of Justin Bieber annoying the world , along comes evidence that the most beloved/disliked self-involved teenager on the planet has broken one of the most sacred unspoken rules of travel -- do n't use your bodyguards to carry you up the Great Wall of China . More : Doh ! 20 biggest travel mistakes Photos of the seemingly able-bodied Canadian pop star hoisted on the shoulders of his minions at the iconic site were posted on the Twitter page of BelieveTourUpdates , which has been following the singer on his current world tour . "  Justin being carried by his bodyguards up the Great Wall of China today in Beijing , China  September 30th , 2013  , " reads the caption of one of multiple photos of Bieber at the Wall . Even less shocking than the Biebs ' fanatical devotion to privileged behavior , the Internet nearly imploded under the weight of all the mockery and rage calling out the diva antics . Commenters include fed-up Canadians begging the United States to adopt Bieber as one of their own . More : How to find a great escape in the Great Wall Netizens in the country where the scene of the alleged travel offense occurred were n't shy about expressing their thoughts either . On Weibo , China 's microblogging site , a Phoenix TV presenter posted : "  The way this ` xiao pi hai ' Justin Bieber hits the Great Wall is really extravagant . " "  Xiao pi hai " is a word used to describe Chinese toddlers who wear toilet-training-friendly pants that expose their bare behinds . More : Bieber hopes Anne Frank ` would have been a belieber ' These days , it 's a popular phrase used to describe someone who 's immature . "  It 's impressive that he can sit there without a guilty conscience , " Weibo user Project V commented . "  Seriously ? Justin Bieber is so weak that he needs two guards to carry him on the Great Wall ? " posted Taiwanese website Nownews , hopping aboard the Bieber hate-train . "  Is n't climbing the Great Wall all about experiencing the breathtaking process during the hike ? " More : Germany asks Bieber to pay costs of caring for his monkey The 19-year-old star performed in Beijing on September 29 . Next up on the Bieber world tour : stops in Dalian , China  October 2  , followed by performances in Shanghai  October 5  and Tokyo  October 7  . Now , if the ambulatorily challenged , faux Canadian  someone have Donald Trump check this guy 's birth certificate  gets someone to haul him up Tokyo 's SkyTree , we 'll be impressed . At least with the person doing the heavy lifting . More : Insider guide to Tokyo 's SkyTree	Photos showing Justin Bieber on shoulders of bodyguards at Great Wall of China invoke mockery around globe Chinese TV compares Bieber to a toddler wearing open-backed toilet-training pants The singer performed in Beijing on September 29 as part of his world tour
CNN  -- On Friday the countdown will officially begin to soccer 's Euro 2012 finals -- arguably the climax to the second biggest festival of football on the planet behind the World Cup . The draw for the co-hosted tournament will be held in the Ukrainian capital Kiev , and football fans across the continent will learn the fate of their beloved nations . It will kick off a six-month countdown to the date of the first game on June 8 , to be held in the Polish city of Warsaw . The final will be held in Kiev on July 1 . Amid the excitement , critics have questioned whether the stadiums and infrastructure will be delivered on time for the visit of thousands of fans to Eastern Europe . Platini : Euro 2012 build up ' a complicated adventure ' Here , CNN examines the myriad of issues on the field , and off it . What is the European Championship ? The competition was born in 1960 and is held every four years . It sees Europe 's top soccer nations battle it out to be crowned the continent 's best team . There is a two-year-long qualification period , at the end of which 16 teams make the finals . They are then drawn into four groups of four , with the top two teams progressing from the group to the quarterfinal stage . The last installment , hosted by Switzerland and Austria in 2008 , saw Spain beat Germany 1-0 in the final . Which venues will stage the games ? There are four stadiums in each country that will host games . Poland 's newly built National Stadium in Warsaw will stage the opening game , while the PGE Arena in Gdansk and the Municipal Stadium in Wroclaw have also been constructed specially for the tournament . Poznan 's Municipal Stadium will also host games . In Ukraine , Kiev 's Olympic Stadium has the honor of the final , while the Donbass Arena in Donetsk , the Metalist Stadium in Kharkiv and the brand new Lviv Arena will also stage games . What are the fears surrounding the tournament ? Euro 2012 was awarded to Poland and Ukraine by European football 's governing body UEFA in 2007 -- the first time Eastern Europe has been called upon to host a major football tournament . But their preparations have been criticized for the delayed building of stadiums and infrastructure projects necessary to support the thousands of fans that will descend on both countries come June . As early as 2008 , UEFA president Michel Platini was speaking of the need to resolve problems with the project , saying of Ukraine he had to "  wake them up a little " and tell them to "  get going . " Despite rumors that Scotland offered to step in should the tournament be taken away from Ukraine , Platini said it would remain with the its original hosts . There are still issues to resolve around the stadium in Lviv , with Polish authorities facing similar concerns over their brand new Municipal Stadium in Wroclaw . Ukrainian deputy prime minister Boris Kolesnikov told CNN World Sport 's Pedro Pinto this week that at no stage did he think the tournament would be stripped from his country : "  Neither the president nor the government feared they 'd lose the right to host the championship . Of course we were a little bit scared to physically not be on schedule . Our sleepless nights , there have been too many to say , but construction has kept going 24/7 during the last 15 months . " But World Soccer 's Gavin Hamilton told CNN that Ukraine 's focus on getting the stadiums ready has come at the expense of the infrastructure needed to stage the event . "  The concern is that externally , outside of the stadiums , the transport infrastructure has n't been brought up to speed , there are n't enough hotels . "  So there will be trouble for fans getting around the tournament . As far as UEFA are concerned , in terms of putting on a television spectacle for the world , Ukraine has done a very good job in getting the stadiums ready . " What has CNN discovered in Ukraine ? On a whistle-stop tour of the four cities and stadiums that will host matches in Ukraine , Pinto said he had been impressed with the football arenas but found that some building projects were still battling to be ready , such as the one at Lviv airport , where construction on a new terminal and a lengthened runway continues 24 hours a day . He said : "  Having spent the last week traveling across both countries I can tell you that if you are a football supporter , you need n't worry . The stadiums look great and although some of the roads and railways may not be completed by the start of the tournament , enough progress will have been made to make the fan experience a good one . " What are the costs involved ? According to UEFA figures , revenues taken during the 2008 tournament were $ 1.7 billion , with an estimated television audience of 4.8 billion for the 31 matches . The final was broadcast to 231 countries around the world . Speculation in Ukraine , from the Kyiv Post , claims the country 's total cost of staging Euro 2012 is $ 14.5 billion , paid for by a combination of private and public money . The paper claims Poland 's estimated costs are in the region of $ 30 billion . Mikolaj Piotrowski , communications director for PL .2012 -- the national coordinating company for Euro 2012 in Poland -- told CNN : "  The investment , thanks to Euro 2012 , has accelerated infrastructure development in this country by three to five years . The overall cost has been $ 27 billion and has made Poland the largest construction site in Europe . " Yury Gromnitsky , head of the press office for the vice-prime minister of Ukraine , told CNN : "  The Ukraine has invested $ 750 million in sport infrastructure to host Euro 2012 , not including the cost of the airport and transportation infrastructure . But being host has really acted as a catalyst for this development to take place . " All four airports in Ukraine 's host cities are being revamped , while a series of new hotel developments have also been built -- 67 in Donetsk alone . A high-speed rail link will be in operation to ferry fans between host cities , and new road networks have also been built .	The draw for Euro 2012 will take place in the Ukrainian capital Kiev on Friday The European Championships sees the best soccer nations on the continent do battle Poland and Ukraine are co-hosting next year 's event and are racing to be ready A series of delays had worried UEFA officials but both countries insist they are on track to deliver
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- The death toll from flooding and mudslides in Brazil continued to climb Thursday , with official reports of at least 181 fatalities . Thousands of people have been left homeless , said the government-run Agencia Brasil news service . The Rio de Janeiro mayor 's office placed that figure at 5,000 . At least 161 people have been injured , the Rio de Janeiro state government said Thursday on its Web site . A record 11.3 inches  287 millimeters  of rain fell in Rio within 24 hours Tuesday , Mayor Eduardo Paes said , according to the news service . The downpour continued Wednesday . iReport : Share your photos , video , stories with CNN More than 30 homes were destroyed in a mudslide Wednesday in metropolitan Rio , Agencia Brasil said . About 200 people could be buried or trapped in the mud , emergency officials said . The cities of Niteroi and Sao Goncalo are among the hardest hit , with more than 80 dead and dozens missing , the news service said . CNN affiliate TV Record showed firefighters , military personnel and other rescuers using heavy machinery to dig for buried residents . Brazil 's minister of cities , Marcio Fortes , said that housing and sanitation problems are not new for Rio . His department , which works directly with cities on urban development projects , said that before this week 's flooding , the government already had set aside some $ 800 million to cities to help deal with flood waters and poor infrastructure . Now , President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has made available another $ 11 billion for drainage infrastructure across Brazil , Fortes said . As for the project that sits before them , Fortes estimated that about 4,000 homes can be rebuilt , together with better roads , schools and health centers . These would provide a shift from the current structures in the slums of Rio , where housing is often improvised . "  You ca n't correct the past , but you can fix the future , " Fortes said . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Death toll climbs to at least 181 ; thousands left homeless Mayor : Record-breaking 11.3 inches  288 millimeters  of rain fell in Rio Tuesday 200 could be trapped following another mudslide , Brazilian media report
CNN  Five teenagers are in custody after the desecration of a Jewish cemetery in Sarre-Union , France , Saverne prosecutor Philippe Vanier said Monday . The minors , all between the ages of 15 and 17 , grew up in the Alsace region of France and have no criminal records . Police took the teens into custody after a 15-year-old turned himself in , saying he had damaged the cemetery with four other teenagers , the prosecutor said . One of the teens denied the attack was anti-Semitic , Vanier said . The teens thought the graveyard was abandoned and did n't notice the graves were Jewish until after they had begun to vandalize them , the prosecutor said , recounting what one of the teens told police . They are charged with desecration of graves and with organized damage on property for the public benefit , Vanier said . They each face a maximum sentence of seven years in prison . Though it was n't noticed until the weekend , it appears the damage occurred late Thursday afternoon . About 250 graves were damaged , with most of the damage consisting of headstones being overturned and columns uprooted . Photos from the cemetery showed gray stone and glossy marble headstones lying on the ground as if they 'd toppled over . "  We express the strongest condemnation of the desecration of hundreds of graves in a Jewish cemetery , " Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said in a news release . "  Everything will be put in place to identify , arrest and send to justice the perpetrators of these ignominious acts , " he said . "  The French Republic wo n't allow another act against our values . " Calling the site "  an image of desolation , " Philippe Richert , president of the Alsace region , told Agence France-Presse why he felt the damage was the certain work of vandals : "  One does n't knock over heavy steles like that dating from the 19th century very easily . It was a deliberate act of destruction . " Prime Minister Manuel Valls sent out a tweet calling the destruction "  a vile , anti-Semitic act , an insult to the memory " and promised "  everything will be done to find those responsible . " This is not the first time the Sarre-Union cemetery , located about 30 kilometers  20 miles  south of the German border , has been targeted . In 1988 , about 60 Jewish headstones were knocked over , and 54 grave markers were damaged in 2001 , AFP reported . The vandalism comes within weeks of other Jewish cemeteries being targeted around the world . In Warsaw , Poland , on January 31 , someone wrote "  Jews for slaughter " on the fence outside one of the continent 's largest Jewish burial grounds , according to the Jewish Telegraphic Agency . And in Dunedin , New Zealand , on Saturday , a vandal spray-painted a swastika on a headstone and knocked over two others , breaking them , in the Jewish section of the Southern Cemetery , the New Zealand Herald reported . The cemetery attack in France comes after two high-profile acts of violence against Jews in Europe . Following last month 's attack on Charlie Hebdo magazine , a gunman killed four Jews in a kosher supermarket in Paris . Over the weekend , a gunman attacked a free speech forum in Copenhagen before shooting several people outside a synagogue . CNN 's Laura Akhoun and Margot Haddad contributed to this report .	5 teens in custody ; one says attack not anti-Semitic , prosecutor says Prosecutor : About 250 headstones were overturned , columns uprooted This is third time since 1988 cemetery was targeted , according to AFP
CNN  In the hours after the funeral of Freddie Gray , a community center and apartment complex that local leaders expected to serve as a catalyst for the rebuilding of a long blighted East Baltimore neighborhood went up in flames . The $ 16 million Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant buildings or barren lots , where unemployment rates reach 25 % and poverty and despair is rampant . "  Disheartened and bewildered " was how the Rev. Donte Hickman , pastor of East Baltimore 's Southern Baptist Church , described feeling Tuesday as he surveyed the still-smoldering ruins of the centerpiece of a community rebuilding effort led by his church and a coalition of other congregations . "  I see the hopelessness ... and the emotions of the people but I still see hope in God that we can rise from the ashes , " he said . "  We can rebuild . This can not be the legacy of Baltimore . " The project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center . In the works for eight years , the center was to provide behavioral health counseling , support services for people and families with HIV and AIDS , employment training , home and credit counseling , and ex-offender re-entry services , according to documents filed with the state of Maryland . The cause of the blaze was still under investigation . The brick building burned to the ground in the riots that followed Monday 's funeral for Gray , who died mysteriously on April 19 , a week after Baltimore police arrested him . Anger over Gray 's death may have spurred Monday 's violence -- including buildings and cars set ablaze by rioters , looting and clashes with the police -- but members of Baltimore 's clergy said it was also spurred by lasting issues with young African-Americans in the city . "  We 've been trying to make a major difference , trying to transform the community only to discover that something as tragic as this would take place , " said the Rev. Walden Wilson II , pastor of Israel Baptist Church -- part of the East Baltimore Minister 's Community Development Partnership . "  We saw it coming , " he added . "  Baltimore is a tinderbox . We have a lot of anger as a result of unemployment . We have a high rate of incarceration . " High concentrations of poverty , underfunded and failing schools , neglected public housing projects and a lack of employment opportunities have been among the social issues long simmering below East Baltimore 's crumbling row houses , according to the local church leaders . "  I think the reason that they burned it is exactly the reason why we needed it , " Hickman said of the community center . "  We were seeking to restore people while we rebuilt properties . We wanted to effect change in the human community as well as rebuild properties with affordable housing . " The Rev. Reginald Thomas , pastor of Greater Gethsemane Missionary Baptist Church and member of the coalition , said parts of Baltimore have not recovered from the 1968 riots that followed the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . Those riots sped up the flight of city residents to the suburbs . Unemployment soared with the disappearance of blue-collar jobs . The drug scourge in the 1980s tore the community apart further . "  The message was that our young people are not valued , " Thomas said . Recreation centers closed . New prisons were built , Thomas said . Hundreds of millions of dollars were poured into the revitalization of the historic Inner Harbor , a renaissance that eluded communities such as East Baltimore . "  When you look at that kind of despair , when you look at people who notice beauty in a city that they can not even access , it creates such an undercurrent of anger , frustration and hopelessness , that 's not going to be fixed quickly , " Thomas said . Thomas recalled driving along downtown 's Pratt Street on Tuesday , near the Inner Harbor , the streets teeming with National Guardsmen and State Police officers . "  When I left downtown and came into East Baltimore , I see no National Guard , no troopers , " he said . "  It sends a message that it 's a priority to protect the areas of the city where a lot of the money has been poured , where the wealth is . What 's missed is , it 's really not smart or wise in the long term to try to isolate certain problems in certain neighborhoods . What may start off as one neighborhood 's problems soon become the city 's problem . " Hickman said the senior housing complex and community center was to open in November or December . The partner churches are expected to complete other projects offering affordable housing and mixed-use developments in East Baltimore . The center is being built by The Woda Group , a low-income housing developer . Kevin Bell , senior vice president of The Woda Group , said : "  We are fully committed to rebuilding . " On Tuesday , Michael Bluitt , a representative of HCO Inc. , one of the largest African-American church architecture firms in the nation , offered a free conceptual rendering and design consultation for the rebuilding , CNN affiliate ABC2News reported . Hickman , Thomas and other clergy members on Monday night met with gang members in an attempt to stem the street violence . Thomas said it was the first time such a gathering took place . Hickman called it a breakthrough . "  Young people just needed somebody to sit and talk to them and hear them cry , " Hickman said , looking out over the ruins of the community project . "  This is reactionary . This is emotional . This is frustration . This is , I do n't know what else to do . If we can rebuild Iraq , we can rebuild East Baltimore . " CNN 's Miguel Marquez and Brooke Baldwin contributed to this report .	Mary Harvin Transformation Center was to house 60 senior-citizen apartments , community center It burned down during Baltimore riots
CNN  -- The mother of a man reportedly killed by pirates on a lake along the U.S.-Mexico border pleaded for help in finding her son 's body Tuesday . Appearing on NBC 's "  Today " show , David Hartley 's mother , Pam Hartley , tearfully asked Mexican authorities and the public to help recover his remains . "  Please , everybody call your Congress . Call anybody you can to have them get us over there . He has to come home , " she said . "  President Obama , help us . President of Mexico , help us , please . " Hartley 's wife Tiffany reported that she and her husband were riding personal watercraft Thursday on the Mexican side of Falcon Lake when they were attacked by gunmen on three boats . Hartley was shot and fell into the water , his wife told sheriff 's deputies in Zapata County , Texas , but his body has yet to be found . "  He was thrown off the Jet Ski and I could n't pick him up to get him on mine , " Hartley told a sheriff 's dispatcher in a 911 call released by the agency . Speaking on the CBS "  Early Show " on Tuesday , Tiffany Hartley said she did n't believe Mexican investigators were looking for her husband 's remains , and suggested that his killers had the body . "  We understand the possibility that the people who did this probably have him , and that 's why maybe they ca n't find him , " she said . There was no immediate response from officials in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas to her remarks . But Zapata County Sheriff Sigifredo Gonzalez Jr. told CNN on Monday that his agency has contacted Mexican authorities "  on a daily basis " and was trying to coordinate search efforts by volunteers , but had received no response . U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar , the area 's congressman , said he has asked federal agencies to press for support for the search from their Mexican counterparts . "  I have contacted the Mexican Embassy and urged them to move the case quickly , " Cuellar said in a statement issued Tuesday afternoon . A man Tiffany Hartley approached for help told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that a boat was following her before she came ashore , but veered off as she neared land . "  She right away told me , gave me instructions as far as to call law enforcement and an ambulance because ` My husband 's been shot , ' " said the man , who spoke on condition of anonymity . He said Hartley was "  frantic -- crying , sobbing . I mean , she looked very , very jittery . " The reservoir is on the Rio Grande River , about 200 miles south of San Antonio , and straddles the border between Texas and Tamaulipas . The Mexican state has made headlines recently as a hotbed for drug cartel violence , and Gonzalez said he believes the attackers were pirates linked to the cartels . "  My understanding is they 're 15 , 16 , 17-year-olds that have been given automatic weapons . They barely know how to use them , " Gonzalez told CNN on Monday . "  They do n't even know where the safeties are at . " There have been at least four cases of gunmen in Mexican waters robbing or threatening boaters since April , according to the Texas Department of Public Safety . The department has warned boaters to stay on the U.S. side of the lake since May . Richard Drake , an area fisherman , told CNN he was chased by men carrying AK-47 rifles on Falcon Lake in May . They got to within 15 yards of his boat , which he said was along the international boundary . "  Fortunately , I had a faster boat than they did , so I outran them , " he said . "  They chased me for about a mile , mile and a half , and then they tailed off . " He said local fishermen had heard "  that there were some people being robbed " and were advising boaters to avoid the Mexican side of the lake , "  so I was n't on the Mexican side . I was going down the middle of the lake when they kind of came out of the brush and kind of ambushed me . "	NEW : The missing man 's mother pleads for help finding him NEW : The man 's wife suggests his killers may have his body Sheriff suspects gunmen were pirates connected to Mexican drug cartels Fisherman says he was attacked by pirates in May
CNN  -- A ubiquitous Olive Garden TV commercial shows a picturesque cooking school in Italy as a voice croons words like "  artisanal " and "  fonduta " and smiling chefs in starched whites coats taste tomato sauce straight from a simmering pot and kiss their fingertips with glee . TV-watching skeptics turned to social networking sites like Twitter and Facebook to question the popular Italian chain 's claim of "  culinary inspiration " from Tuscany . Is this Culinary Institute of Tuscany , a bona fide bastion of learning ? Or is it just an advertising fib ? Yes , Virginia , there is an Olive Garden Culinary Institute of Tuscany -- though the ownership is somewhat shared . The Institute opens its doors to approximately 100 of the best-performing chefs and managers of U.S. Olive Garden Restaurants each winter for 11 weeks . It began these authentic Italian cooking lessons in 1999 . "  During the rest of the year , the property , named Riserva di Fizzano , is a bed and breakfast , complete with the Rocca delle Macie winery , a guest house , a pool and a restaurant , " Mark Jaronski , director of media and communications for Darden Restaurants , told CNN . Olive Garden is a member of the Orlando-based Darden family of restaurants alongside Red Lobster , LongHorn Steakhouse , The Capital Grille , Bahama Breeze and Seasons 52 . Olive Garden Head Chef Romana Neri runs the school in Italy . "  Chef Neri is an executive chef who lives in Tuscany , " Jaronski said , adding Neri supports the chain 's Executive Chef Paolo Lafata when he 's at the Tuscany property . Culinary pilgrimages to learn the cuisine of foreign countries are nothing new for many chefs and restaurateurs : Julia Child went to France , Rick Bayless to Mexico . The skepticism from viewers comes when a chain restaurant asserts authenticity . Specialties inspired by the Culinary Institute of Tuscany are marked on Olive Garden 's menu with a special Culinary Institute of Tuscany seal : including the likes of Chianti Braised Short Ribs , Grilled Shrimp Caprese and Smoked Mozzarella Fonduta . Members of the public can also take part in a similar one-week learning experience under the Tuscan sun at the 11th-century , 450-acre property -- if they win the restaurant 's sweepstakes . Judith Wilson of Spanish Fork , Utah , 40 minutes away from the closest Olive Garden , was one of the 2009 contest winners . After hearing about the contest , she made daily entries and won . "  The cooking school took us in , and every day gave us lessons on all the different olive oils , cheeses , wines and how to complement your dinner with these choices , " Wilson said . In the institute 's off-season , the Riserva di Fizzano 's restaurant , the Relais-Agriturism , serves up traditional Tuscan fare to the public . The Riserva also organizes cooking courses to educate visitors on Tuscan cuisine . Culinary institute skeptics or not , people are still embracing the "  hospitaliano " -- Darden Restaurants reported in March that their fiscal third quarter U.S. same-restaurant sales increased 1.5 percent at Olive Garden .	The Olive Garden TV commercials are true ; restaurant has cooking school in Italy Olive Garden Culinary Institute of Tuscany holds 11-week classes in Winter The rest of the year , Riserva di Fizzano is a B&B with a winery and restaurant Public can attend shorter classes if they win Olive Garden sweepstakes
CNN  -- A woman who Australia deems to be a national security risk has given birth to a child who is likely to spend the early months , if not years , of his life in detention . Baby Paari was born on Tuesday to Ranjini , a 33-year-old mother of two other boys aged six and nine , who was granted refugee status by Australia in 2011 after fleeing violence in Sri Lanka . Read more : Australia 's ` overwhelmed ' asylum centers slammed Since May , they 've been living in residential housing within the walls of the Villawood Detention Center , a secure facility in suburban Sydney where asylum seekers remain while their cases are processed . Ranjini 's husband Ganesh clearly remembers the day in May 2012 when his wife and two children were summoned to a meeting with immigration officials to be told that the country 's security intelligence organization , ASIO , had given Ranjini a "  negative assessment . " "  We do n't comment on any individual cases , but it means that an assessment by our security intelligence organization has identified that person may be of risk , and we need to take seriously that it 's our job to make sure that the community is safe , " Australian Attorney-General Nicola Roxon said recently when asked about the case . Read more : Australia grapples with policy on asylum seekers Ganesh says they were not told why she is considered a national threat . In any case , she had no legal right to appeal . She and the boys were given five minutes to say a tearful goodbye to Ganesh before they were flown from Melbourne to Sydney and into indefinite detention . He says the very next day they found out that she was pregnant . Ganesh told his and Ranjini 's story to CNN but has received legal advice not to be quoted . He has requested their surnames are n't used as they still have family living in Sri Lanka . CNN is unable to verify details of Ranjini 's story with the Australian Department of Immigration and Citizenship  DIAC  because it will not comment on individual cases . "  It 's a very difficult situation -- I understand why people are agitated about it -- but it is important for people to remember that we do have an obligation as a government to keep the country as safe as we can . Where these fairly rare security assessments are made , it 's very difficult for us to do anything other than to act upon them , " Roxon said . Ranjini 's supporters say they suspect her detention has something to do with her former husband , a Tamil who was killed during fighting in Sri Lanka , though that is also unable to be confirmed . Ranjini 's story Ganesh tells CNN that in 2008 Ranjini was living as a widow with two young children in Sri Lanka as the country lurched toward the brutal end of a civil war between the government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE Her first husband had been killed in 2006 , leaving his young family at the mercy of fighting in the Vanni area , where the United Nations alleges both sides murdered civilians , according to a report released in March 2011 . Ranjini first sought refuge in India before boarding a boat that she was told could take them to a new life in Australia . Their vessel arrived in Australian waters in April 2010 , long after it had run out of food and fuel . Ganesh says Ranjini told him the Australian Navy brought his wife and children ashore and took them for processing by immigration authorities on Christmas Island . Three more moves followed , to detention centers in Perth , Adelaide and then Brisbane where they were released to community detention in April 2011 . Five months later , they were granted refugee status . There was just one more security check to go through before they were granted permanent visas . Ganesh 's story Ganesh says he met Ranjini at a friend 's house in Brisbane during the Christmas of 2011 . Her two young boys were polite and well-behaaved and Ranjini seemed to like him . Ganesh was three years older and from the same region of Sri Lanka before he left in 2004 to study information technology in Australia on a student visa . He finished his degree course in June 2009 , just as the Sri Lankan government was declaring victory over rebels in the north . It was not safe to return . He applied for a protection visa and was later granted permanent Australian residency . He says he will soon qualify for Australian citizenship . In April of 2012 , life was good . He was working as an IT consultant , had just married Ranjini , and she and her sons had moved in with him in Melbourne . They started calling him "  dad , " or "  appa " in Tamil . The law Ranjini is not the only refugee who is being indefinitely detained in Australia . There are 56 whose cases are being reviewed by the country 's first independent reviewer , retired Federal Court judge Margaret Stone . Stone was appointed in October 2012 , six months after an Australian Senate Committee report into the country 's Immigration Detention Network concurred with the government 's stated view that cases of indefinite detention should be subject to review . The committee 's final report , released in April 2012 , said that it "  resolutely rejects the indefinite detention of people without any right of appeal . Such detention , effectively condemning refugees who have not been charged with any crime to detention for the term of their natural life , runs counter to the basic principles of justice underpinning Australian society . " Because she has already been found to be legitimate refugee , Ranjini ca n't be deported . And her high risk status prevents her from being released . "  It 's still the government 's strong view that non-Australian citizens who have been given an adverse security assessment should not be permanently settled in Australia . We ensure appropriate arrangements are in place for the care and support of people detained due to an adverse security assessment , " a DIAC spokesman told CNN . ASIO has not revealed the criteria it uses to decide if someone is a security risk . The organization 's Director-General David Irvine told the Senate Committee that "  once the criteria for making assessments are known , then you will find very quickly that all the applicants will have methods of evading or avoiding demonstrating those characteristics . " He said the decision to issue an adverse assessment "  was not taken lightly . " "  Nor are we contemptuous of or blasÃ © about the human rights of the individual 's involved . "  We take very seriously our responsibility to behave ethically and professionally and , obviously , with the utmost probity , " he added . Still , the process undertaken by Stone has offered a glimmer of hope to those in indefinite detention that their status could change . Letters dated December 4 , 2012 were sent to all 56 detainees who are considered a national risk . So far , 54 have requested their cases be reviewed , according to Stone 's office . During the review process , detainees will be allowed to see an ASIO summary explaining why they are considered a risk to Australia . However , according to the terms of reference , information will only be included "  to the extent able without prejudicing the interests of security . " Stone 's office has confirmed to CNN that Ranjini 's case has been given priority , along with a number of others . Life in detention Ranjini and her sons are being held in a "  lower security " section of Villawood Detention Center in Sydney with other families who are waiting for their claims to be processed . The boys are not free to leave . Ganesh says that they were given refugee status but had not been granted permanent visas when their mother failed the security test . He says he 's trying to secure them a visa but until then they must stay in detention . Very soon they 'll be joined by Baby Paari . Because his father has permanent residency , Paari qualifies as an Australian citizen and will be allowed to leave the center , just not with his mother . "  The situation is deplorable , " said Ranjini 's lawyer , David Manne , executive director of the Refugee and Immigration Legal Center . He called on the government "  as a matter of basic decency , humanity and common sense " to use its powers of discretion to release Ranjini and her children "  so they can reunite and live in freedom with their husband and father as a family . " More than a dozen children now live in Villawood Detention Center , according to ChilOut , an advocacy group that campaigns against the detention of minors . A DIAC spokesman declined to confirm how many , but said the children have access to play areas and are taken on regular excursions outside the center , swimming and to the park . Every day , the older children are escorted to and from school by officials from Serco , the company contracted to run Australian detention centers . Their parents are also allowed to accompany them , the DIAC spokesman said . ChilOut 's campaign director Leila Druery says that despite efforts to support the children they are clearly traumatized by their surroundings . "  They feel that they 're bad people and that they 're being punished which means they have very low self esteem , " she said . "  They have nightmares , suffer from anxiety and are quite stressed and I do n't think you should find a five year old having anxiety attacks , wetting the bed and waking up in the middle of the night distressed . " In its final report , the Senate Committee said it "  received no evidence to contradict the view that detention was an unhealthy and damaging environment for children . " And this is where Ganesh knows their baby will be unless his wife is freed . The campaign Since Ranjini 's story emerged in the Australian press , campaigners have lobbied for her release . People who have met her in Australia describe her as a "  very shy " and "  very sweet " woman , who is now confused and anxious . Hundreds of people have emailed their support to "  Letters for Ranjini , " a website that urges the Australian government to reassess her case . On Ranjini 's due date , January 6 , pregnant mothers with children showed up at closed prisons in Australia and held up signs reading "  born free . " Ganesh says he 's excited by the birth of his first born , but fearful for his son 's future . He says he has no reason to doubt his wife 's story and does not accept that she is a threat to national security . He just wants his family home .	Widowed by fighting , Ranjini fled Sri Lanka with her two young boys in 2008 They took a boat to Australia where they were granted refugee status in 2011 However , the 33-year-old failed an ASIO security test and was detained in Sydney She gave birth to a baby boy Tuesday , he will join his mother and brothers in detention
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Our educational system is essentially a Soviet-style government-run monopoly that could only be loved by the likes of Lenin and Stalin . HLN Money Expert Clark Howard says the American education system is n't giving taxpayers their money 's worth . Now , I know that 's a strong opening statement , but consider this : The government decides where your kids go to school ; what curriculum they 'll study ; and even develops long-term educational plans just like the Communists devised five-year plans . This kind of "  one-size-fits-all " approach really punishes kids . And zero tolerance policies are a symptom of the stranglehold our government has on schools . For example , the Supreme Court recently heard a case about a 13-year-old Arizona student suspected of possessing Advil back in 2003 . For that crime , she was strip-searched to see if she had hidden ibuprofen pills on her body . The Arizona school system maintained it had the right to do what it did . What 's more , it remained defiant through the years , constantly appealing unfavorable lower court decisions when challenged . Arizona ultimately took the case all the way up to the highest court in the land . In late June , the Supremes ruled 8-1 that the school system 's actions were unconstitutional . See Clark discuss why he thinks governments should n't own banks " In another instance of an insane zero tolerance policy , The Washington Post reports that a Virginia teen was suspended for two weeks last year after taking a prescription birth-control pill during lunch . This was not a religious or moral issue ; the school was instead arguing that it was illegal for students to have prescription pills on the premises . That student even faced expulsion ! This is what we 've done by not offering school choice in our nation . I have long been a fan of vouchers , charter schools and home schooling to bust up the government monopoly on the education of our children . Do you think this whole issue does n't affect you because you do n't have kids ? Think again . Huge amounts of your taxes are still spent to support schools that are failures . If this country is going to invest so much into government-run education , we should be taking a cue from a nation like Finland . Simply put , the Finns have the best public education system in the world . Their 15 year-old students are consistently excelling in standardized testing versus any other nation , according to the results of the most recent PISA exams  Program for International Student Assessment  -- a test of academic proficiency administered every three years in many countries . Finnish students ranked No. 1 in science scores , and No. 2 in both math and reading . And the United States ? We come in at No. 29 in science , No. 35 in math , and a recent U.S. reading score which would n't even track in the top 10 countries in the world . In Finland , children begin studying algebra , geometry and statistics in the first grade . By 15 , they speak three languages , which , of course , is not uncommon throughout Europe . According to The Dallas Morning News , a team of Texas educators recently traveled to Helsinki to learn from the Finns . What they found was that teachers had 100 percent freedom to educate as they saw fit . They treated their classroom like an entrepreneur would treat his or her business . Contrast that to how we do things in America with our five-year plans and giant bureaucracies determining what gets taught . Our brand of institutionalized "  education lite " -- with far too few hours spent in the classroom and an antiquated summer vacation schedule from America 's agrarian days -- just is n't cutting it .	HLN Money Expert Clark Howard : U.S. education system is n't adding up American "  one-size-fits-all " approach to education really punishes kids Clark supports vouchers , charter schools to break up government monopoly Ask Clark -- Have a question or comment ? Share it at iReport.com
Washington  CNN  -- Few answers have emerged to the myriad questions about the Boston Marathon bombing and its aftermath , but that did n't stop political leaders from clashing about what happened and why it did on Sunday talk shows . Republican members of Congress played up a possible connection to global terrorists and said the lone surviving suspect should be designated an enemy combatant to allow unfettered questioning and unlimited detention . Democratic legislators called for handling the 19-year-old suspect as a crime suspect rather than a war enemy , allowing the U.S. citizen the right to legal representation under federal law that could impose the death penalty . A closer look at their statements and arguments showed how politicians blend facts , conjecture and spin to push their side 's agenda while countering arguments from across the aisle . The facts so far tell a still-convoluted story . Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , brothers of northern Caucasus origin who had lived in the United States for years , allegedly set off two bombs near the finish line of Monday 's Boston Marathon , killing three people and injuring more than 170 . Graham : ` Ball was dropped ' in probe of Tamerlan After the FBI released video footage and photos of the pair on Thursday , they allegedly shot to death a university police officer and carjacked a getaway vehicle , leading to a wild chase through Boston and its suburbs that ended with Tamerlan dead and Dzhokhar on the lam . He was captured Friday night to culminate a day of door-to-door searches in an unprecedented manhunt in parts of Boston and its suburbs . With authorities still trying to nail down exactly what happened and why , the political chatter on Sunday provided more partisan posturing than solid answers . Republicans focused on a six-month trip last year to Russia and perhaps his former Dagestan homeland and other Caucusus regions by Tamerlan Tsarnaev , the elder brother who some family members said had become a radicalized Islamist in recent years . Timeline : A look at Tamerlan 's past The chairmen of the powerful House Intelligence and Homeland Affairs committees focused on Tamerlan 's travels , insinuating links to terrorist training without making any definitive declarations or accusations . "  He , we believe , may have actually traveled on an alias to get back to his home country , " Rep. Mike Rogers , the Michigan Republican who chairs the intelligence panel , told NBC . " ... So you know he had some radicalization before he left . You know that he did n't probably travel on his own name or some variation of his own name . And when he comes back , he has a renewed interest in that radicalization belief process . " Add it all up , Rogers said , and "  it would lead one to believe that 's probably where he got that final radicalization to push him to commit acts of violence and where he may have received training on what we ultimately saw last Monday . " Rep. Michael McCaul , the Republican from Texas who chairs the homeland security committee , hinted to reporters that Tamerlan made additional trips to the northern Caucasus region than the 2012 visit made public by authorities . ` Enemy combatant ' can be tried in civilian court "  We know he 's starting to radicalize in 2009 , which would lead me to the , um , yeah , I could speculate that he was probably going over there more often , " said McCaul , who is privy to congressional briefings on the matter . "  We do n't have -- I do n't have the evidence of that just yet . But that 's obviously an area of focus . " Asked specifically about confirmation that Tamerlan made other trips , McCaul acknowledged that "  it 's unconfirmed at this point , " but added : "  My judgment is we 'll probably see there were other trips to the region . " Such conjecture seeks in part to raise the specter of international terrorism at a time when Congress is wrestling with deficit reduction issues including forced spending cuts to the military and other government services . While concerns of an international terrorism link to the Boston bombers remains high , conservatives seek any opportunity to reinforce the need to maintain military readiness and national security in order to protect it as a spending priority amid the austerity debate in Washington . Republican Rep. Peter King of New York , who has complained that America let down its guard against terrorism , told "  Fox News Sunday " he was referring specifically to Congress . "  Some of my own party want to start cutting funding for homeland security because they think this war is over , " King said . "  It 's not . " Meanwhile , Democratic legislators pushed back against GOP calls for designating 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev a war enemy to allow unfettered interrogation and possible indefinite detention , like terrorism suspects at Guantanamo Bay . Instead , they argued the suspect , who is hospitalized in serious but stable condition with wounds that included a gunshot to the throat , should be treated as a crime suspect with the right to legal representation . "  I do n't think we have to cross the line and say he should be an enemy combatant , which could be challenged in court , " Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York told CNN . Boston 's week of terror The issue dates to the "  war on terror " from the Bush administration after the 9/11 attacks , and remains a sore point for liberals who question the constitutionality of designating a naturalized citizen such as the younger Tsarnaev as an enemy combatant . Schumer and follow Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California emphasized that a federal criminal charge against Tsarnaev could carry the death penalty in an effort to show their party was n't soft on terrorism . "  The federal law allows the death penalty , " Schumer said , noting that he wrote it in 1994 . "  This is just the kind of case that it should be applied to . In fact , the only other time it 's been used since '94 is on  Oklahoma City bomber  Timothy McVeigh and given the facts that I 've seen , it would be appropriate to use the death penalty in this case and I would hope they would apply it in federal court . " Feinstein told reporters that Tsarnaev could be interrogated now for any information on possible further terrorism threats under a public safety exception to immediately informing a suspect of Miranda rights . "  If he 's not Mirandized , it ca n't be used in a court of law , " she said , noting authorities already had "  plenty of evidence " that can be used to convict him . Suspects initially questioned under the public safety exemption and then later tried in civilian court include Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the "  underwear bomber " who attempted to blow up a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day in 2009 , and Faisal Shahzad for his 2010 attempt to detonate a bomb in Times Square . Conservative GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina made a similar argument to CNN in calling for Tsarnaev to be declared an enemy combatant for now , then later being criminally charged and put to trial in a civilian court . According to Graham , a public safety exception to reading Miranda rights will expire , meaning the ability to continue interrogating Tsarnaev could be jeopardized by his right to remain silent and be represented by an attorney . The public safety exception to the Miranda rule allows investigators to question suspects before apprising him of their rights when they believe there is an imminent public safety threat . Did one brother brainwash the other ? Despite Graham 's warning that the exception will expire , Attorney General Eric Holder has opened the door to longer interrogations for that purpose in cases involving "  operational " terrorists . Another political dispute stemming from the Boston bombings involved calls by some conservative Republicans to put off consideration of bipartisan immigration reform legislation for now . GOP Sen. Dan Coats of Indiana said Sunday that Congress should wait until the emotional reaction to the bombings subsides before tackling the volatile issue of immigration . His comment to ABC followed a similar call last week by fellow Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa , who noted the Tsarnaev brothers were immigrants . "  It 's important for us to understand the gaps and loopholes in our immigration system , " Grassley said , asking "  how can individuals evade authorities and plan such attacks on our soil ? " Schumer , one of the "  Gang of Eight " senators who drafted the immigration plan , said some on the right who opposed the bill were using the Boston bombing as an excuse to stall the legislation . "  If they have a reason , a suggestion as to how to change it based on what happened in Boston , we 'll certainly be open to it , " Schumer said . "  But we 're not going to let them use what happened in Boston as an excuse , because our law toughens things up . " Graham , a Republican co-author , agreed it was time to tackle the immigration issue , saying "  we need to move on . " Immigration reform resonates with the Hispanic-American community , which is the nation 's fastest-growing demographic and heavily supported President Barack Obama 's re-election last year . FBI disputes mother 's claim they tracked elder bombing suspect CNN 's Ashley Killough and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Partisan posturing emerges over Boston bombings on Sunday talk shows Despite little evidence , Republicans hint of possible international terror ties Democrats argue against designating the suspect an enemy combatant Authors of immigration reform reject conservative calls to put off the issue
Orlando  CNN  -- Caylee Anthony 's grandmother gave jurors in her daughter 's capital murder trial a detailed glimpse of her efforts to connect with the 2-year-old girl in the weeks following her disappearance , recounting reason after reason her daughter gave for keeping the toddler away from home for nearly a month . The reasons included work meetings , a car accident and sudden plans to hang out at a hotel with a wealthy suitor Cindy Anthony said she had long heard about , but had never met , jurors in the Orlando woman 's capital murder trial heard Saturday . Testimony from Cindy Anthony dominated the abbreviated Saturday session , which ended just before 1 p.m. in Orlando . Casey Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading police in the death of her daughter , who was last seen June 16 , 2008 . Her skeletal remains were discovered were found in a wooded field in December 2008 . Prosecutors say Anthony used chloroform on her daughter and then put duct tape over her nose and mouth , suffocating the girl . Anthony 's attorneys argue that she did not kill Caylee , but rather that the girl accidentally drowned in the Anthonys ' pool . They say Anthony and her father discovered her body , panicked , and kept the death a secret . George Anthony denied that claim in testimony Thursday . After describing her last day with Caylee , spent visiting the girl 's ailing great-grandfather in a nursing home , swimming at home and then looking at pictures and videos , Cindy Anthony testified about her efforts to talk to Caylee between June 16 , the next day , and July 15 , when she was finally reported missing to police . "  There was always a reason I missed her , " Cindy Anthony said . At first , Cindy Anthony said , she believed Caylee was staying with her nanny , Zanny , while her daughter attended work meetings . Then , Anthony told her mother that she was taking the girl to Tampa , Florida , for an outing with a co-worker and her child . When they did n't return as expected , Cindy Anthony testified her daughter told her a serious car accident had left Zanny injured , and that she felt obligated to stay and care for her . When her father , George Anthony , ran into her at home on June 24 , when she was supposed to be nearly 80 miles away in Tampa , Casey Anthony explained she had returned to get insurance information for Zanny and get some things from home , Cindy Anthony testified . When asked why she did n't bring her daughter home , Casey Anthony said she "  did n't think about it , " her mother testified . After that , Casey Anthony told her mother that she , Caylee and Zanny were staying at an Orlando hotel with a wealthy suitor , according to Cindy Anthony 's testimony . When she failed to return home as expected , Casey Anthony then explained the delay by saying she was working on a closed Make-A-Wish event that Caylee could attend , but Cindy Anthony could not . On July 3 , Cindy Anthony testified , she went to Universal Studios -- where she believed her daughter worked -- to confront her over a money issue . That 's when Casey Anthony told her she was n't in Orlando , but rather in Jacksonville , Florida -- at the suitor 's condo . Despite what she was telling her mother , Casey Anthony was actually spending time in Orlando with numerous friends , attending parties , going shopping and hitting nightclubs , according to previous testimony and evidence in the case . For instance , on June 20 , when Casey Anthony was telling her mother she was working and taking Caylee to an amusement park in Tampa with a co-worker , she was instead participating in a "  hot body " contest at an Orlando night club , according to previous testimony in the case . Photos of the event shown at the trial show her dancing at the club . Casey Anthony 's attorneys explain her behavior in June and July 2008 by saying she had been sexually abused by her father and was trained from a young age to hide her pain . George Anthony denied abusing his daughter in previous testimony . Cindy Anthony broke down on the stand early in her testimony , while look at pictures of Caylee 's Winnie the Pooh-themed bed , depictions of her backyard playhouse and an image of her visiting the nursing home . At one point , she interrupted prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick 's qustioning to ask that Caylee 's image be taken off a computer screen in front of her . "  I 'm trying not to cry , " she said . During a break following testimony in which Cindy Anthony was discussing how she and her husband , George , bought and installed an outside playhouse for Caylee , Casey Anthony could be seen crying and gesturing angrily as she spoke with her attorneys . Earlier Saturday , Casey Anthony 's former boyfriend took the stand to discuss text messages between the two on July 16 , the night after Anthony 's daughter was reported missing to police by Cindy Anthony . In the messages , Anthony told the boyfriend , Anthony Lazarro , that she had been driving around with police looking for her daughter . "  If they do n't find her , guess who gets blamed and spends an eternity in jail ? " Anthony texted . Anthony called herself "  the dumbest person and the worst mother . " "  The best person in my life is missing and God only knows if I 'm ever going to see her again , " read another text . Prosecutors began questioning Lazarro the day after Judge Belvin Perry questioned their attempts to introduce another set of instant messages that Assistant State 's Attorney Frank George said showed Anthony believed her daughter was in the way of their relationship . " ... Only a few more days and you can bring your ass over anytime you want and stay any night you want , " read one text message that prosecutors said was sent June 10 . George said the message and others like it would help prove Anthony 's motive for killing Caylee . George said the instant messages showed that Caylee 's presence was stifling her lifestyle , which prosecutors have tried to paint as hard-partying and carefree . "  She could n't do what she wanted to do , " George told Perry in a discussion held without the jury present in the courtroom . But Perry questioned the logic , asking why Anthony did not also plot to kill her parents . After Perry said he did not believe the evidence was relevant and would be excessively prejudicial even if it was , prosecutors withdrew their attempt to have it introduced into evidence , for the time being at least . Testimony Friday focused largely on Casey Anthony 's car , a white Pontiac Sunfire found abandoned in a parking lot and later towed to an impound lot where her parents , George and Cindy Anthony , picked it up two weeks later . George Anthony and a tow company manager testified that Casey Anthony 's car reeked of the unmistakable odor of a decomposing body . In all , Anthony is charged with first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and four counts of misleading police . If she is convicted of capital murder , she could be sentenced to death by the seven-woman , five-man jury . Anthony has pleaded not guilty and denies harming her daughter or having anything to do with her disappearance . Baez has said that once all the facts are known , it will become clear that his client is not guilty . The trial will resume Tuesday after a break for the Memorial Day holiday . It is expected to last another five to seven weeks . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Casey Anthony 's mother detailed the weeks following Caylee 's disappearance NEW : Cindy Anthony said her daughter gave reason after reason for keeping the girl from home Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 2008 Anthony 's attorneys say Caylee accidentally drowned
A New York family 's hope for an enjoyable outing high atop Manhattan ended abruptly when the group was escorted out of the Empire State Building for saying Muslim prayers , according to a lawsuit . Fahad Tirmizi , his wife , Amina , and their two young children were at the skyscraper 's observation deck last July 2 shortly after 11 p.m. , a time when the family 's "  religious beliefs require them to recite the evening prayers wherever they may be at the time , " according to a lawsuit filed in Manhattan District Court on Tuesday . The couple silently knelt in an isolated area of the observation deck , with little foot traffic , the court document said . While she managed to pray without incident , one guard interrupted and "  menacingly poked " Fahad Tirmizi "  with his hands and feet several times in various parts of his body , " the court document said . The guard informed Tirmizi he was not allowed to pray while at the observatory , and then "  forcibly " escorted his family to the ground floor exit of the building , according to the court document . The suit names the Empire State Building management company , the building , the security firm , and two unnamed security guards as defendants , alleging that they violated the first and 14 Amendments as well as multiple state and city civil rights laws . The building is owned by a publicly traded company called Empire State Realty Trust . The family is seeking unspecified monetary damages . In response , an Empire State Realty Trust spokeswoman , Brandy Bergman , told CNN Wednesday , "  The claims are totally without merit and we will respond to them in court . " Phillip Hines , a lawyer for the the family , told CNN , "  an unwritten rule or policy was being enforced by security when they removed these people . " "  They were n't bothering anybody , they were out of the way , and for them to be thrown out of the building is just an ignorant and shameful exercise in discriminatory conduct , " Hines said . The couple was "  shamed , humiliated and embarrassed in front of each other , their children , and the general public , " according to the lawsuit . The family released a brief statement through its attorney . "  We were n't doing anything wrong , we just wanted to enjoy the view like everyone else , " the statement said . The alleged response to the incident drew criticism from other religious groups . Bill Donahue , president of the Catholic League , released a statement Wednesday , which read in part : "  Muslims who pray in public , including in public accommodations , are simply exercising their constitutional rights . In play are two First Amendment rights : freedom of speech and freedom of religion . We hope that Hines investigates the extent to which security guards are expected to censor religious speech . We wish him , and this innocent Muslim couple , well . "	Muslim family claims it was "  humiliated " for actions taken when it paused to pray atop skyscraper Empire State Building management company says it will respond in court Family statement : "  We were n't doing anything wrong " Catholic League statement defends family 's right to pray anywhere
Editor 's note : Jared L. Cohon is president of Carnegie Mellon University . Jared Cohon says Pittsburgh shows the power of education and innovation to revive an economy in crisis . CNN  -- This week the international community is converging on my chosen hometown of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , as heads of state gather for the G20 summit . Pittsburgh may seem like an unlikely choice for such a high-profile event , but a closer look shows why this city personifies the transformative power of education and research , and how the practical application of innovation can drive growth and improvement in quality of life the world over . Pittsburgh is a city that was largely written off as a rusted industrial center . But as heads of state from around the world tour the city this week , they will see running trails replacing former industrial railways and they will find green hotels and LEED-certified buildings rising where abandoned steel mills once stood . These changes are creating jobs , bringing new commerce and making Pittsburgh the most livable city in the United States , according to the Economist magazine . President Obama has praised our city as a "  bold example " of the new green economy . A significant part of Pittsburgh 's renaissance can be attributed to its two major research universities : Carnegie Mellon and the University of Pittsburgh . Having one such institution is an advantage in today 's global economy ; having two  very close to each other  puts Pittsburgh in a very small group of American cities . The shape of today 's research university , with its heavy dependence on federally sponsored research , can be traced to World War II and its immediate aftermath , with a major boost a decade later when the Soviet Union launched Sputnik . But what began as a response to national security threats has turned into the engine of America 's -- and the world 's -- prosperity . As my colleague , the Dean of Carnegie Mellon 's College of Engineering , Pradeep Khosla has written , the industries that have fueled economic growth have come out of the American research university enterprise . Biotechnology , nanotechnology , digital communications , and computers and software that have improved our quality of life and economic standing all have their origins in research universities . The companies that apply this research create jobs and fuel economic growth and wealth generation in ways that the world has never before experienced . According to one report prepared for the White House , 50 percent of the growth in the American economy in the last 40 years has been due to investments in research and development . Obviously , the private sector is a major driver of R&D , but federally funded research at universities throughout the United States plays a key role . The presence of a major research university does not , by itself , guarantee economic progress beyond the direct jobs that the university creates . Realizing the full potential of a university depends on effectively tapping into the brilliance and ingenuity of its faculty and students and the innovations they create . Technology commercialization -- shaping a bright idea into a commercially successful product -- has been described as a "  contact sport " . It requires an innovative and entrepreneurial campus culture and an ecosystem surrounding it that supports technology-based economic development with facilities , money and people who know how to take ideas to the market . More than a decade ago , Carnegie Mellon embraced Pittsburgh 's economic development as one of its institutional strategic priorities . We changed our technology transfer policies to make it easier and faster for our faculty and alumni to create local companies based on our technology . We joined forces with the University of Pittsburgh and partnered with state and local government and industry to strengthen the entrepreneurial ecosystem on which we all rely . Today , there are more than 200 Pittsburgh companies commercializing Carnegie Mellon technology . Our economic development efforts have also included company attraction . With state and local government support , we built a building on campus for global technology companies , which see value in being so close to our faculty and students . There are now hundreds of new jobs in that building , created by Intel , Google and Apple . Disney set up their first research lab here , but they 're across the street -- the new building is full . The success of the American research university has been , and continues to be , studied by many developing and developed countries that want to advance technology , secure a stronger position for themselves in global markets and raise the standard of living for their citizens . It is clear that the U.S. model must be replicated in many countries in order for the world to be a better place . During the last decade , in pursuit of another of our strategic priorities , Carnegie Mellon has partnered with several countries , including Qatar , Portugal , Greece , Australia and Japan , among others , to establish high-caliber education and research programs . Countries that can successfully replicate the U.S. research university enterprise will secure for themselves a strong position for the future , for they will be the source of the next wave of economic expansion in the world . We are living in one of the most intellectually exciting eras in history . From medicine to energy , to robotics and computing , many fields of science are experiencing a revolution that will change our understanding of what is possible . These revolutions are occurring on the campuses and laboratories of research universities every day around the world . As world leaders arrive here in Pittsburgh , they must keep in mind the importance of research and education , historically and in addressing today 's most challenging issues . As they contemplate stimulus plans and regulation of the financial industry , and enjoy Pittsburgh 's beauty and impressive progress , they must also resolve to sustain and , in most countries , grow their systems of higher education , including and especially their research universities . Research universities are at the heart of Pittsburgh 's transformation , and they are a key to our collective future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jared L. Cohon .	Jared Cohon : Pittsburgh economy has been reinvented through innovation He says universities have played a key role in economic revival He says G-20 meeting focuses attention on role of universities Cohon : Nations must focus on key role of education and research
CNN  -- Travelers who passed through the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport earlier this month may have been exposed to the highly contagious measles virus , local health officials say . The King County Department of Public Health in Washington state is investigating "  a confirmed case of measles infection " in a traveler who was at the airport while he or she was contagious . The traveler was in the airport 's North Satellite Terminal , on the interterminal train and at baggage claim between 8:10 p.m. and 11:30 p.m. on September 6 . The infectious traveler also visited the Courtyard Seattle Federal Way hotel 's restaurant , The Bistro , sometime between 9 p.m. and 1 a.m. on that day . "  If you were at either of these locations during the times listed above and are not immune to measles , the most likely time you would become sick is between September 13th and September 27th , " the health department said in a statement . Measles is spread through the air , by breathing , coughing or sneezing . Symptoms usually include fever , cough and conjunctivitis , along with a rash . In rare cases , measles can lead to pneumonia and brain infections , which can be fatal . Most people in the United States are immune to the measles virus because they have been vaccinated . The traveler was likely exposed to measles abroad , the health department said . This is not the first time Seattle has made a measles case public . In April , Washington state health officials posted online the locations a woman infected with the virus had been during every hour that she was contagious . The list included a Kings of Leon concert at Key Arena . The United States is seeing a record number of measles cases this year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Between January 1 and August 29 , the CDC confirmed 592 cases , which is the highest number recorded since measles was considered "  eliminated " in the United States in 2000 . The CDC recommends that children get two doses of the MMR  measles , mumps , and rubella  vaccine beginning at 12 months , with the second dose between the ages of 4 and 6 years old . Infants 6 to 11 months old should get the vaccine before international travel . Measles cases at highest level in nearly 20 years Why worry about the measles outbreak ? CNN 's Trisha Henry and Kevin Conlon contributed to this story .	Traveler with measles passed through Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Measles is highly contagious and spreads through the air This is n't the first time Seattle has made a measles case public
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Hollywood should apologize to Iran for "  insults and accusations against the Iranian nation , " a top aide to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told a visiting Hollywood delegation Sunday . "  The Wrestler , " starring Mickey Rourke was also attacked for being insulting towards Iran . Oscar-nominated "  American Beauty " star Annette Bening was among the members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to hear the remarks , Iran 's state-run ISNA news agency said . "  Representatives of Iran 's film industry should only have an official meeting with representatives of the Academy and Hollywood if they apologize for the insults and accusations against the Iranian nation during the past 30 years , " said Javad Shamghadri , Ahmadinejad 's advisor on the arts , ISNA reported . He singled out the 1991 Sally Field thriller "  Not Without My Daughter , " about an American woman who marries an Iranian and then tries to flee Iran with their child , and the comic-book-inspired action flick "  300 " as "  two clear examples of total lies . " Do you think an apology is warranted ? TheHollywood delegation , which ISNA said also includes AMPAS president Sid Ganis , is supposed to meet with Iranian filmmakers and hold a news conference on March 7 . The Academy did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . But Shamghadri demanded to know how the meetings could produce results . "  How can we sit and have a sincere meeting with American film makers while they they humiliate and insult the Iranian people and the great revolution of this nation ? " he asked , ISNA reported . "  The Iranian nation and its revolution has repeatedly and undeservedly been attacked by Hollywood movies , " he said . "  The film "  The Wrestler " is the latest among them , " he said of the film for which Mickey Rourke received an Oscar nomination this year . "  We know that even right now there are other films being made with the aim of insulting and accusing the great nation of Iran and its rich culture . " "  The Wrestler " features a character known as The Ayatollah , played by Ernest Miller , who takes on Rourke 's Randy ` The Ram ' Robinson . -- CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Ahmadinejad 's advisor on the arts was speaking to a Hollywood delegation Shamghadri : Comic-book-inspired action flick "  300 " an example of a "  total lies " Iran repeatedly and undeservedly attacked by Hollywood movies , he said Report : Hollywood delegation supposed to meet Iranian filmmakers in March
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Editor 's note : Watch Tarantino talking about the making of "  Pulp Fiction " on The Screening Room podcast . To receive regular movie podcasts subscribe here . Quentin Tarantino 's first trip to Sundance was n't exactly a success . Tarantino 's hyper-violent , super cool debut feature "  Reservoir Dogs " scorched audiences and critics alike when it came out in 1992 . "  If you do this in real life , they 're going to fire your ass , " scolded cinematographer Stephen Goldblatt , veteran of films like "  Lethal Weapon " and "  Charlie Wilson 's War . " The novice filmmaker was participating in a directors ' workshop at the Sundance Institute -- the film trust founded by Robert Redford which also runs the Sundance Film Festival . Unfortunately , Tarantino 's mentors were just not feeling his experimental approach . The following week , a new group of mentors arrived , including ex-Monty Python member and filmmaker Terry Gilliam . Tarantino and his editor steeled themselves for the inevitable disapproval : "  Then Terry Gilliam comes in and goes ` Oh , your scene . Just great ! ' " recalls the director . He is talking at the Cannes Film Festival Cinema Masterclass , following in the illustrious footsteps of directors like Wong Kar Wai , Sydney Pollack and Martin Scorsese . "  It was just like , you know what , that 's gon na be my career . People are gon na either really like me or they 're really not and just get f *** ing used to it 'cause this is the deal , " Tarantino says . A second visit to Sundance in 1992 proved more fruitful . His debut feature , "  Reservoir Dogs , " a sassy , hyper-violent gangster movie , was the hit of the year . French film critic and regular on the European film festival circuit , Michel Ciment still remembers the effect it had on him when it showed at Cannes later that year : "  It was a big shock . I remember it was the most striking new American film since ` Mean Streets ' 30 years before . " Despite the impact of his droll , assured debut , Tarantino recalls being convinced he was going to get fired in the first two weeks of production . "  I just thought it was too good to be true . I could n't help but think something like ` they do n't let people like me make movies , ' " he says , laughing . Follow-up movie "  Pulp Fiction " was awarded the coveted Palm D'Or at Cannes two years later , cementing his reputation as a movie-maker to be reckoned with . It was filled with the dark humor and bloody violence that would become known as Tarantino trademarks . The B-movie-obsessed director admits to getting a kick out of creating humor in inappropriate situations . "  I 'm trying to get you to laugh at things you 've never laughed at before , " he explains . He cites his "  bigtime " influences as movie brats like Martin Scorsese and Brian De Palma , as well as Sergio Leone and Howard Hawks . In person , he is a great raconteur and his expletive-littered speech is not a million miles away from the dialogue that 's so central to his movies . "  I tend to think of myself as more of a novelist who makes movies than a director per se , " he declares . But he dismisses his apparent love of language as a product of writing for acting classes : "  I started writing as an actor and it was all about dialogue and writing scenes to do . " Before moving into directing , Tarantino studied acting for six years and says learning to act for the camera gave him an insight into how directors put a movie together -- frame by frame . That was what really taught him how to write for the movies . "  All of a sudden I started seeing -LSB- film -RSB- in a whole different way . When you start doing that , then it 's only a few short steps until you start composing shots of your own , " he explains . Tarantino has shown himself to be one of the most music-savvy directors of this generation with his use of songs like "  Little Green Bag " by the George Baker Selection in the opening sequence of "  Reservoir Dogs " and Nancy Sinatra 's "  Bang Bang  My Baby Shot Me Down  " in "  Kill Bill Vol . 1 . " He , not immodestly , puts that skill down to his great music collection . "  The thing is , I have one of the best soundtrack collections in America , " he boasts . That probably accounts for his scathing determination never to use film composers : "  I do n't trust any composers to do it . I would just never give anybody that kind of responsibility , " he says , "  Who the f *** is this guy coming in here , throwing their s *** all over my movie ? " And he admits that his inner film buff enjoys the cornerstones of action cinema that some of his later movies have explored . "  I love action scenes , but they are hard , and in a way that 's what 's fun about them . These cool little puzzles . To me , action scenes are some of the most cinematic moments that you can do in film , " he says . "  Kill Bill Vol . One " and "  Kill Bill Vol . Two , " starring Tarantino muse and Hollywood A-lister Uma Thurman , are his movie-geek nod to the kung fu genre . When he started filming "  Vol . One , " Tarantino had n't made a film for six years and with typical chutzpah challenged himself to choreograph astonishingly intricate fight scenes . "  If I throw my hat in the ring with the greatest action directors who ever lived ... I wan na be as good as them , " he asserts . He continues to work his way through his action movie checklist . In his latest movie , "  Death Proof , " a homage to sleazy 70s B-movies that stars Kurt Russell as a murderous stuntman , he puts his own spin on another of action film 's fundamentals -- the car chase . Tarantino is critical of CGI being used so much in film today . All the seat-grippingly tense stunts in "  Death Proof " are real and he specifically cast a stuntwoman , Zoe Bell , in one of the leading roles to achieve this . It may have been ambitious , but "  Death Proof , " which is one half of "  Grindhouse , " a B-movie-referencing double bill he made with fellow director Robert Rodriguez , got a critical mauling and did n't fare much better at the box office . But then Tarantino has long been resigned to people either loving or hating his movies .	"  Reservoir Dogs " and "  Kill Bill " director Quentin Tarantino talks about his films Tarantino realised early in his career audiences would either love or hate his films The movie geek 's second film "  Pulp Fiction " won the Palm D'Or at Cannes On his style : "  I 'm trying to get you to laugh at things you 've never laughed at before "
CNN  -- Simply put , Margaret Moth made an impression . Given her jet-black hair , thick black eyeliner , black clothes and combat boots  which she often slept in while on assignment  , people did n't always know what to think upon meeting her . She was quirky , the sort who excused herself from a social gathering by saying she had to wash her socks . And she was fearless , the kind of woman who not only kept the camera rolling while under fire , but zoomed in on a soldier who was shooting at her . Colleagues learned quickly to appreciate all that this CNN camerawoman was . Beyond her rich personality , which included deep optimism and kindness , she brought to her profession top-notch technical abilities , unmatched dedication and an approach to work that inspired others to push themselves . CNN colleagues honor Moth Moth sought out , even demanded , assignments in conflict zones . She barely survived being shot in the face in Sarajevo in 1992 , only to go back as soon as she was physically able . The multiple reconstructive surgeries that followed , as well as the hepatitis C she contracted from a consequent blood transfusion , were mere obstacles she moved around . But more than three years after being diagnosed with colon cancer , her tremendous life journey has come to an end . Moth , known for her gutsiness , striking appearance , distinctive humor and sense of fun , died early Sunday in Rochester , Minnesota . She was 59 . "  Dying of cancer , I would have liked to think I 'd have gone out with a bit more flair , " she said with a laugh last spring during an interview with a CNN documentary crew that had traveled to Texas , where she was visiting friends . "  The important thing is to know that you 've lived your life to the fullest , " she said then , before tubing down a river in Austin , Texas ; taking jaunts to Cape Cod and the Canadian Rockies ; and piloting a houseboat up the Mississippi River -- replete with beer and Cuban cigars . "  I do n't know anyone who 's enjoyed life more . " Born Margaret Wilson in Gisborne , New Zealand , to a homemaker and a man who made swimming pools , she got her first camera at age 8 . She later changed her name to Margaret Gipsy Moth , a nod to the airplane , which was appropriate for a woman who had a penchant for jumping out of planes , barefoot . She said she never aspired to be a photojournalist . Rather her path , she explained , was mostly driven by a love of history and her desire to see it unfold firsthand . Whether she was amid rioters after Indira Gandhi 's assassination or covering a long menu of wars spanning continents , Moth felt she and her colleagues were the lucky ones . "  You could be a billionaire , and you could n't pay to do the things we 've done , " said Moth , who had most recently called Istanbul , Turkey , home . Reported to be New Zealand 's first camerawoman , she came to the U.S. and worked for KHOU in Houston , Texas , for about seven years before moving to CNN in 1990 . When other photojournalists dived behind cars as militiamen opened fire on protesters in Tbilisi , Georgia , she stood her ground and kept her camera running . As a band of medical professionals defied Israeli tanks and armored vehicles , marching into then-Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat 's compound in the West Bank , she got in the middle of the group , joined them and helped nab an exclusive interview . When many around her slept in Sarajevo , she set to work in a destroyed hotel room , filming with a night scope through holes blown out by artillery fire , hiding herself and camera from the eyes of snipers . The Serbian sniper bullet that did hit Moth while she was traveling along "  sniper alley " in Sarajevo shattered her jaw , blew out her teeth and destroyed a portion of her tongue -- which left her forever sounding like she was drunk , she said . Others got angry , as the van she traveled in was clearly marked as a press vehicle , but she refused to go there . " ` We came into their war . Fair 's fair , ' " former CNN correspondent Stefano Kotsonis , who was with her when she was shot , remembered her saying . " ' I do n't blame anyone for firing at me . They 're in a war , and I stepped into it . ' " Her attitude made other colleagues , many of whom were interviewed for the documentary "  Fearless : The Margaret Moth Story , " strive to be better at what they did . Sound techs and correspondents would often follow her lead , whether they felt ready or not . She was known to outrun her own security . Photojournalists viewed her as a bar-setter . Another of CNN 's international camerawomen remembers Moth Christiane Amanpour , CNN 's chief international correspondent , who 'd been away from Sarajevo when her friend was shot , was sitting at Moth 's hospital bedside when an assignment editor from the international desk called . He wanted to know if Amanpour was ready to return to the conflict zone , she recalled for the documentary about Moth . "  I said I 'd go back , and I know to this day that if I had n't said yes then , I probably never would have gone back , and I never would have done this career . But I said yes because I could n't say no , " Amanpour remembered , fighting back tears . "  We did the work for her . We did it because she was our champion , and we wanted to be her champion . " Sure enough , as soon as Moth could carry a camera again , six months later , she went straight back to Sarajevo to join her CNN colleagues . She joked that she was there to find her teeth . Moth maintained her humor amid madness and helped others smile and unwind when the surroundings could make levity seem impossible . She enlisted a producer to go rollerblading with her on the marble floors of a Baghdad , Iraq , hotel lobby . She forced colleagues to tell her who they 'd rather sleep with , while giving them horrifying choices . She liked to kick back with fine cigars and could drink others under the table . Despite her tough exterior , there was insecurity , a vanity to her . No matter where she was , Moth rose early to do her eye makeup and hair . Forever worried about her weight , she picked at a block of cheese in Bosnia for about six weeks and got by on mango juice during a stretch in the West Bank . She admitted that after being shot , she was more afraid of what she 'd look like than she was of dying . Enveloped in bandages , she slipped her dear friend Joe Duran a note asking him if she looked like a monster . But she often worried about others more than herself . Moth enjoyed working with seasoned correspondents but also looked out for those who were new . In Pakistan , she taught Patty Sabga to sleep behind couches and talked her through everything she was shooting to help Sabga build her stories . And in Afghanistan , she carefully led the former CNN correspondent through rubble that probably hid land mines . "  She took such incredible care of me and taught me so much , " Sabga said . "  I can honestly say that the work I did with Margaret Moth is still the very best work of my career . " Moth repeatedly visited the doctor who saved her life . And she boosted the spirits and changed the attitude of another CNN photojournalist , David Allbritton , when he was seriously injured by a bomb in Sarajevo in 1995 . "  She made me realize that I was going to get through this , " he said . "  She set an example by overcoming everything that 's happened to her . ... I took that example , and I 'm shooting today . I 'm not sure that I would be doing what I 'm doing today if it had not been for Margaret Moth . " Her chosen lifestyle did n't leave room for children of her own , but she bonded with them across the globe . And her love of animals was so deep that she refused to ride in a horse-pulled wagon , preferring to run with heavy equipment in the desert heat while on assignment in Petra , Jordan . In fact , when it became clear that the advanced cancer would end her life , the concern that drove her to tears was her cats -- the more than 25 strays she looked after in Istanbul . "  She was more upset about them than she was about dying , " said Duran , who rushed to her side after she 'd been medevaced out of Sarajevo . But when Duran , also a CNN cameraman , moved into her home in Turkey with the promise that he 'd care for the cats , he said Moth told him , " ` Now I can die happy . ' " Duran was by Moth 's side when she died . He said he will be taking her ashes back to Istanbul , where he will place them in her garden , beside a photograph of her . There , as she wanted , she 'll be able to hang out with her cats . There were a few things Moth wished she had done . She would have liked to have seen the Krak des Chevaliers , a medieval fortress in Syria , and the Burundi drummers . But regrets ? She had none . She "  led the complete life , " Amanpour said . "  I do n't think Margaret could ever look back and say , ` What if ? ' She did it to the max , and she did it brilliantly . And she did it on her terms . " CNN colleagues and friends of Margaret Moth contributed to this report .	Her guts , skill and humor made Margaret Moth one to remember The longtime CNN photojournalist dies of cancer at 59 , after surviving wars Shot in Sarajevo , she lived and went back to conflict zone as soon as she could Christiane Amanpour and others remember her for life she lived "  to the max "
CNN  -- Hundreds of Somalis marched through the streets of Mogadishu , Somalia , on Monday , protesting against Al-Shabaab militants . The protesters -- mostly women and children , along with traditional warriors wearing white clothes and armed with spears and wooden shields -- chanted slogans denouncing the al Qaeda-inspired group . It was only the nation 's second public demonstration against Al-Shabaab , which controls much of southern Somalia . It came a few days after the militant group destroyed tombs of revered Sufi clerics . The demonstration was staged in a government-controlled area of the city and was guarded by government forces , according to Yusuf Mohamed , who works for Shabelle Radio in Mogadishu . "  People were really disturbed by the move of Al-Shabaab to destroy the tombs of the revered sheikhs of Ahlu Sunna " said Mohyadin Hassan Afrah , who leads a civil society umbrella group in Mogadishu . The protesters shouted slogans of support for the U.N.-backed government , observers said . Al-Shabaab follows the strict Saudi Arabian-inspired Wahhabi interpretation of Islam , rather than the Sufi Islam of many Somalis . "  We call for a holy war against them , " said Sheikh Abdulkadir Somow , from the Sufi Ahlu Sunnah Wal Jama group , which recently signed a deal with the government in neighboring Ethiopia . Some of the demonstrators carried posters with slogan such as "  Down and defeat to Al-Shabaab , " observers said . They also carried slogans to support the transitional government such as "  Support Peace and Government . " Last year , nearly 100 students came out in anger to the streets of Mogadishu in protest of Al-Shabaab after a suicide bomber detonated his explosives in a graduation ceremony in the capital , killing more than 20 people , including four government ministers , doctors , teachers , students and journalists .	Hundreds of Somalis chanted slogans denouncing the al Qaeda-inspired group Only the nation 's second public demonstration against Al-Shabaab Demonstration was staged in a government-controlled area of the city Took place after militant group destroyed tombs of revered Sufi clerics
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- The International Olympic Committee has asked gymnastics officials to look into whether China 's women 's gymnastics team used underaged competitors , an IOC spokeswoman said Friday . China 's He Kexin kisses her gold medal last week after winning the Olympic women 's uneven bars . The committee asked the International Gymnastics Federation to clarify the situation , said spokeswoman Giselle Davis . She said she would n't call it a formal investigation . The Chinese women 's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition at the Summer Olympics Games . Five members won medals in individual competitions . Yet commentators , bloggers and others have raised questions about whether about half the members of China 's team were old enough to compete -- athletes must be at least 16 in the year the games take place . In women 's gymnastics , younger teenage girls can have an advantage over older competitors due to their often smaller , more agile bodies and lighter frames . "  We have asked the gymnastics federation to look into what have been a number questions and apparent discrepancies on this case , " Davis said . A top Chinese Olympic official said questions regarding the ages of the athletes have been dealt with previously . "  The eligibility of the athletes has already been investigated and authorized by the international federation and , if they had n't been cleared , they would n't have participated in the games , " said Wang Wei , executive vice president of the Beijing Olympic Committee . Chinese officials provided the Olympic committee with passports , showing that team members were of legal age , but numerous challenges have been made . The latest came from a blogger known as "  Stryde Hax . " The blogger claims to have uncovered proof that Chinese gymnast He Kexin is only 14 . Watch bloggers question China 's gymnasts " In Internet searches , "  Stryde Hax " allegedly uncovered Web pages showing lists complied by China 's General Administration of Sport that show a 1994 date of birth for He . That would make her 14 -- too young to compete in the Olympic Games . CNN has not been able to independently verify the information , but snapshots of the Web pages appear to back up the claim . Other bloggers have joined the search and reported similar results . The New York Times conducted its own investigation , producing similar results that seem to implicate He and two other members of the team . The Times uncovered a 2006 biography on He that lists her birthday as January 1 , 1994 . "  According to online sports registration lists in China , half the team - He Kexin , Yang Yilin , Jiang Yuyuan - would be under age , " the Times reported in July . The International Gymnastics Federation , however , has said that those gymnasts were eligible and that the ages on their passports were correct . Chinese gymnastics coaches defended their team Friday . "  Our athletes participating in these games all conform to the age regulations of the Olympics , " said Huang Yubin , head coach of the men 's and women 's teams . "  Asians have different figures than people from the West , so that 's what caused their suspicion , " Huang said , referring to media inquiries . "  They should n't be suspicious . " CNN 's John Vause contributed to this story	Probe into Chinese gymnasts ' age sought by International Olympic Committee Gymnasts must be at least 16 years of age to compete in Olympics Chinese officials defend team , have shown passports proving athletes are eligible Speculation intensified following team gold medal won by China 's women
CNN  -- Ricky Dunigan , better known as Lord Infamous , a founding member of the Oscar-winning rap group Three 6 Mafia , died of a heart attack last week , according to a release from Black Rain Entertainment . Dunigan , 40 , died Friday . "  Dunigan 's family is grateful for all the condolences and prayers , and would like to request privacy in their time of grief , " the statement said . Lord Infamous left the group in 2006 , the year Three 6 Mafia surprisingly won an Academy Award for best original song with "  It 's Hard Out Here For a Pimp , " from the movie "  Hustle & Flow . " Billboard reported he was forced to leave , having spent time locked up . That year , Dunigan and Il Tone , a longtime friend , founded the music company Black Rain Entertainment , and Lord Infamous soon began a solo career . Earlier this year , he rejoined his old band mates to form Da Mafia 6ix , according to Rolling Stone magazine . One of his fellow rappers , DJ Paul , who was with him at his mother 's house in Memphis , Tennessee , when Lord Infamous died , said , "  He was at home sitting at the table and he just lay his head down and he just left us . " The group was planning to release an album next March . "  Lord Infamous was the kind of person that never cared about having a lot of money or this or that , " DJ Paul told Rolling Stone . "  He just liked to make music , he liked to rap , and he liked to make people happy . " Juicy J , another Three 6 Mafia member , thanked fans for their condolences on Twitter : "  Thx you for your prayers , I 'm very hurt , ca n't believe it 's true , " he wrote to his 1.4 million followers . Rolling Stone reported that Lord Infamous had a heart attack and stroke in 2010 , but had not been sick recently .	Lord Infamous was born Ricky Dunigan and grew up in Memphis With two other rappers , he began the group Three 6 Mafia The group became well-known when they won an Oscar in 2006 Lord Infamous reunited with his band mates this year and they were working on new songs
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese authorities have bowed to pressure to investigate the death of a high-profile dissident who had spent more than 20 years in jail for his support of the Tiananmen Square protests , Hong Kong media reported . Hunan 's provincial public security bureau has asked forensic investigators from outside the province to carry out an autopsy on Li Wangyang , a spokesperson for the bureau said , according to Hong Kong China News Agency . Criminal specialists would also be called in , and the findings will be promptly made public , the spokesperson said , adding that the concerns of foreign media and other people were noted , according to the report . Li was found on June 6 hanging in his room at the Daxiang District People 's Hospital in Shaoyang , Hunan province . Police said he had committed suicide -- a claim friends of the deaf and blind labor rights activist have described as "  insulting " and "  ridiculous . " Anger , suspicion over Chinese activist 's ` suicide ' It is not clear how an autopsy would be conducted , since Li was reportedly cremated on June 9 amid calls for an investigation , according to the South China Morning Post and Kyodo News , which cited friends and a human rights watchdog . The circumstances surrounding his death have led to demonstrations against Beijing in Hong Kong , a Chinese special administrative region where two of its leading political figures have weighed in on the controversy . Rita Fan , a member of the Chinese National People 's Congress standing committee , said she had written to the central government in Beijing to convey growing concerns in Hong Kong about the circumstances surrounding Li 's death . "  After seeing the response from the local government -LSB- in Hunan -RSB- , I think I needed to do something , " the South China Morning Post quoted her as saying Thursday . "  There are many suspicions . " In a rare comment , outgoing Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang said he "  understood the views of the Hong Kong public , " according to the paper . Earlier this week , Hong Kong 's secretary for food and health , said in an interview with CNN affiliate i-CABLE News that the weak physical condition of Li made it hard to believe the hospital authorities ' claim that he had committed suicide . "  It seems that his character and personality are not of a person who is suicidal and are not of a person who would not have left a suicide note , " Dr. York Chow said . Read more about what Chow had to say about Li 's death The upcoming visit in early July by Chinese President Hu Jintao to mark the 15th anniversary of Great Britain 's handover of Hong Kong , which enjoys greater freedoms than the mainland , is expected to further fuel emotions . Li 's death came two days after the anniversary of the June 4 , 1989 , Tiananmen Square massacre . Li , who was sentenced to 13 years in prison for mobilizing local workers in support of the student democracy movement , would have been under 24-hour watch because of the sensitive nature of the anniversary , his supporters and human rights groups point out . On Wednesday , Amnesty International appealed in an open letter to China to investigate Li 's death and protect his relatives and friends after four of them , including a sister and her husband , were detained . Others were put under police surveillance and unreachable , the group said . After serving most of his initial sentence , Li -- by then rendered nearly deaf and blind , allegedly by torture during his imprisonment -- was sentenced to another 10-year prison sentence in 2001 for "  inciting subversion of state power . " He was admitted to the hospital shortly after being released last year . In interviews by friends who had visited him before his death , Li did not appear to be someone who intended to kill himself . Both Amnesty and another group , Human Rights in China , cite relatives ' accounts that Li 's feet were still on the ground , and that being blind and unable to walk unaccompanied , he would have been hard pressed to find a noose . Appeals by the family for an autopsy in the presence of a lawyer of their choice were refused , and his body taken away , according to Amnesty . In an interview with iCable just before his death , Li said , "  I was just sentenced to jail and am not yet beheaded . Even if I were beheaded , I would not regret it . For democracy and the survival of the country , ordinary man should take responsibility . " Li is among more than two-dozen Chinese political prisoners named in the U.S. State Department 's country report on China 's Human Rights Practices for 2011 . More than 12,000 people have signed a petition calling for an investigation into Li 's alleged suicide , according to Wen Yunchao , a Hong Kong-based journalist who drafted the document . Most are from Hong Kong , but the second highest number are from mainland China , followed by the United States and Canada , he said in an email to CNN . Lee Cheuk-yan , a Hong Kong legislator and pro-democracy activist , said that his group , the Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China , plan more protests when Hu visits . "  Our aim is to let him know Hong Kong 's sentiments , anger and demand for justice , " he said in a phone call . Lee also called Tsang and Fan 's statements cosmetic . "  From our point of view , they are not helpful in making the case known to Hu Jintao , " he said . Meanwhile , Chinese human rights activists , including Hu Jia , have taken pre-emptive action , declaring online that they "  will not commit suicide . " CNN 's Alexis Lai and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigation opened into Chinese dissident Li 's death , report says Outrage over the circumstances of Li 's death provoke protests in Hong Kong Dissident 's death came two days after the anniversary of Tiananmen Square massacre Amnesty International calls for investigation , protection of Li 's family , friends
Most of the Syrian fighters waging a guerrilla war against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad are ill equipped -- short on guns , ammunition and with no heavy weapons . But while peaceful opposition to the government has grown in the city of Homs since the summer , military defectors , who call themselves the Free Syrian Army , have now managed to kick al-Assad 's forces out of one neighborhood and hold the area . Baba Amr is now possibly the first place in Syria beyond government control . One freelance journalist and filmmaker -- who is not named for his own security -- has just left Homs , and CNN is showcasing what he saw on the front lines of a city at war . View his images in high-res He said fighters opposed to al-Assad took him into a house , where their men -- one of whom had managed to take a rifle with a precision scope with him when he defected -- were engaged in a shootout with snipers from the Syrian military . Read how snipers rule the streets They told him what was motivating them in their struggle against overwhelming force . "  We might not have much ammunition , " one fighter said . "  But we are fighting for our liberty and those guys are fighting for money . " The men introduced him to one of their leaders , Abdul Razzaq Tlas , who was one of the few willing to be identified . He was a first lieutenant in al-Assad 's army before defecting and his uncle is a former Syrian defense minister . He described why he decided to join the defectors . "  We got orders in the army that went against my oath as a soldier . I had sworn to protect civilians . But when I saw what the government forces were doing to the people I defected , on June 2 . " People like Abdul Razzaq Tlas are heroes for the people of Baba Amr and he was cheered at a recent anti-government demonstration . But Baba Amr is surrounded by the Syrian military , and constantly shelled by tanks and artillery . At a meeting in a safe house Abdul Razzaq Tlas insists that even though al-Assad has not used his air force against the uprising , only a no-fly zone imposed by the international community could help the rebels win . "  We are in contact with soldiers who are in the army . " They say "  a no fly zone is essential to prevent them from getting bombed if they defect . " For now the men of the Free Syrian army smuggle fighters in and out of the neighborhood they control , evading government checkpoints . At night , they search everyone entering and leaving their area to stop government death squads , the so-called Shabiyah , from entering . "  The street you see over there is controlled by the Shabiya , " said one militia member . "  They are known to kidnap our woman and childen . We try to prevent this . When strangers come here we stop and search them . " The people of this part of Homs are not afraid to take to the streets -- there are regular night-time rallies -- but after months of casualties , they have long lost their faith in non-violent protest . In Baba Amr , many believe that real change in Syria will only come from the barrel of a gun .	Syrian defectors kick President al-Assad 's forces out of one neighborhood in Homs One journalist has just left Homs , and CNN is showcasing what he saw on front lines They told him what was motivating them in their struggle against overwhelming force In Baba Amr , many believe real change in Syria will only come from barrel of gun
CNN  -- Good things come to those who wait . And that 's exactly what viewers will be doing when TV 's best midseason offering , "  Good Christian Belles , " aka "  GCB , " debuts March 4 on ABC . Reminiscent of "  Desperate Housewives " in its less desperate heyday , "  GCB " follows Amanda Vaughn  Leslie Bibb  , a woman who ruled in high school but has since been humbled by life when her marriage ends in scandal and she has to return home to Dallas . Unfortunately for Amanda , a mother of two , her former "  frenemies " - turned-socialites and their husbands have n't quite evolved , and they do everything they can to make her life miserable . Emmy - and Tony-winning actress Kristin Chenoweth stars as one of Amanda 's rivals , and Annie Potts steals scenes as Amanda 's meddlesome mother . The show is based on a best-selling book from Kim Gatlin . While "  Good Christian Belles " is the best , it 's not the only show to look forward to this winter . NBC 's "  30 Rock " is returning at 8 p.m. ET Thursday for a sixth season , TNT 's gritty cop drama "  Southland " will be back at 10 p.m. ET January 17 for a fourth season , and the 11th season of "  American Idol " resumes at 8 p.m. ET January 18 and 19 on Fox . There are also a slew of new offerings to sort through . For your channel-surfing pleasure , we 've selected the good , the bad and the forgettable : The good • "  The Firm "  debuts 9 p.m. ET Sunday , NBC  : Based on the best-selling novel by John Grisham , this intense and sometimes cluttered courtroom drama , follows attorney Mitchell McDeere  this time played by Josh Lucas of "  The Lincoln Lawyer " instead of Tom Cruise  a decade after he brought down a prestigious Memphis law firm . Every week , Mitch will fight for his clients but with a twist because the mob wants him dead as does a shadowy organization behind one of his controversial cases . Do n't worry . It sounds more complicated than it is , and Lucas is a treat to watch . • "  House of Lies "  debuts 10 p.m. ET Sunday , Showtime  : Don Cheadle  "  Crash "  and Kristen Bell  "  Veronica Mars "  have undeniable chemistry in this testosterone heavy , raunchy comedy about a cutthroat business consultant  Cheadle  . • "  Alcatraz "  debuts 8 p.m. ET January 16 , Fox  : America 's most infamous prison becomes a time-travel portal in this trippy but fun new sci-fi drama from none other than J.J. Abrams  "  Lost " and "  Fringe "  . "  Alcatraz " stars Sam Neill  "  Jurassic Park "  and Jorge Garcia of "  Lost " fame . • "  Luck "  debuts 9 p.m. ET January 29 , HBO  : The latest creation from David Milch  "  Deadwood "  , "  Luck " stars Oscar-winning actor Dustin Hoffman  "  Rain Man , " "  Kramer vs. Kramer "  as a gangster of sorts . Hoffman leads a stellar cast that includes Nick Nolte and Dennis Farina in this methodical and fascinating drama about horse racing and the troubled people who inhabit that world . • "  Smash "  debuts 10 p.m. ET February 6 , NBC  : Executive producer Steven Spielberg and NBC hope to steal the spotlight from "  Glee " with this exciting new music-driven drama . "  Smash " follows a Broadway musical from its planning stages to the big stage and stars Debra Messing and Oscar-winning actress Anjelica Huston  "  Prizzi 's Honor "  . The bad • "  Work It "  airs 8:30 p.m. ET Tuesdays , ABC  : Two unemployed men  Ben Koldyke and Amaury Nolasco  dress as women to get jobs in a sluggish economy . But "  Bosom Buddies " was better when it debuted in 1980 . • "  Are You There , Chelsea ? "  debuts 8:30 p.m. ET Wednesday , NBC  : Based on comedic actress Chelsea Handler 's best-selling and mostly autobiographical books , this mildly funny new comedy follows a 20-something  Laura Prepon of "  That '70s Show "  who parties as hard as she drinks . What 's even less appealing is that Handler stars in the sitcom too but does n't play herself . Good luck with that . • "  Rob "  debuts 8:30 p.m. ET Thursday , CBS  : This new sitcom is n't offensive because of its liberal use of stereotypes . It 's offensive because it is unfunny and unoriginal . "  Rob " follows a man  Rob Schneider  who marries a Latina and fails to fit in with her family . • "  The River "  debuts 9 p.m. ET February 7 , ABC  : Bruce Greenwood  "  Star Trek " the movie  stars as an explorer and wildlife TV host who goes missing in the Amazon jungle . Leslie Hope  "  24 "  plays his wife , a woman determined to find him who heads to the Amazon with a reality TV crew and her son  Joe Anderson of "  The Crazies "  . Instead , she finds lots of ghosts and questions . The forgettable • "  The Finder "  debuts 9 p.m. ET Thursday , Fox  : Geoff Stults  "  Happy Town "  and Michael Clarke Duncan  "  The Green Mile "  star in this dull but well-intentioned spinoff of "  Bones . " • "  Fashion Star "  debuts 10 p.m. ET March 13 , NBC  : In a lopsided attempt to imitate "  Project Runway , " former supermodel Elle Macpherson has created this reality competition series that features celebrity mentors Jessica Simpson and Nicole Richie . Yawn .	It 's that time again : midseason TV series Offerings include ABC 's "  Good Christian Belles " and NBC 's "  Smash " Jessica Simpson and Nicole Richie will serve as mentors on "  Fashion Star "
CNN  -- Freed activist Aung San Suu Kyi has made a passionate plea for dialogue and reconciliation to build democracy and improve human rights in Myanmar , calling for her country to back her as she can not "  do it alone . " But long-term fundamental political and economic reforms will not just depend on shifting internal dynamics , but also on the stance of its neighbors , particularly the regional superpowers China and India . Both countries are significant investors in Myanmar , also known as Burma , and both are also competing for influence in the state , with neither country taking a genuine interest in reconciliation or democracy in Myanmar , some analysts say . Maung Zarni , a research fellow on Myanmar at the London School of Economics , told CNN : "  China and India both have a serious influence on Burma ... both provide billions of inward investment into the country and they are dealing with a junta that is not accountable to anyone , and that serves the interests of Chinese and Indian investors . " But according to Debbie Stothard , of the Thailand-based Alternative ASEAN Network on Burma , the competition between India and China serves only to stymie the cause of democracy in Myanmar . China has been Myanmar 's closest ally since the hardline military took control in a bloodless coup in 1962 . China has in the past refused to back Suu Kyi , saying the matter of her trial was an internal affair . China is building pipelines to ship oil and gas from Myanmar to Yunnan province and is Myanmar 's second-largest trading partner -- it is keen to tap Myanmar 's mineral , timber and other natural resources needed for its booming economy , analysts say India also has been investing in Myanmar 's power sector as it looks to secure future energy supplies . Many regional observers say that the generals of the Myanmar military junta , who have remained largely isolationist for 50 years , are more likely to listen to and accept pressure from China and India than either the West , the U.N. or ASEAN , the political and economic organization . "  Economics is one of the external enablers that have permitted the Burmese regime to stay the course . I am extremely skeptical of what the ruling elite in India and the communists in China will do to assist the Burmese people , " said Zarni . Both China and India have had a difficult relationship with Suu Kyi , who won a landslide election victory in 1990 with the National League for Democracy party . The military junta rejected the results and despite the recent freeing of Suu Kyi , the regime is still holding an estimated 2,200 political prisoners according to Amnesty International . Mark Farmaner , director of the Burma Campaign UK , told CNN : "  Chinese officials were reluctant to talk to her -LSB- Suu Kyi -RSB- and Indian government officials did n't want to upset the -LSB- Myanmar -RSB- government . Ordinary people in Burma feel betrayed by India and they see China as backing the generals . " Thailand , another Myanmar neighbor , buys about 30 percent of its gas from Myanmar , estimated to have been worth $ 3.3 billion in 2008 . The sales are giving Myanmar a financial cushion , rendering ineffective economic sanctions imposed by the United States and the European Union designed to pressure the junta . Suu Kyi recently indicated she might be willing to support an easing of these sanctions . "  The Thais now feel vulnerable because they are so reliant on Burma for energy so it would not be in their interests to upset the regime . India 's main concern is China and its potential dominance of Burma ... India does n't want Burma to become another Chinese outpost , " said Farmaner .	"  China and India both have a serious influence on Burma , " says Maung Zarni , LSE China has remained Myanmar 's closest ally since the coup in 1962 India is competing with China for influence in Myanmar say experts
CNN  -- This is starting to sound like a broken record , but once again , 2011 was an incredibly safe year for commercial air travel . In fact , there were only 373 fatalities on 18 scheduled passenger flights worldwide . Considering that there are roughly 10 million flights per year in the U.S. alone , this is a remarkable feat . Looking at the Aviation Safety Network 's database , we see that there were 106 "  occurrences " of all kinds during the year worldwide . This number includes military and cargo aircraft accidents as well as airplanes on test flights . One of the accidents last year was actually with an illegal crop-dusting operation in Russia . So this is pretty detailed . Including all those various occurrences , 50 in total had fatalities ; many of the rest were things like edging over the end of the runway . But once we narrow that number down again to just scheduled passenger flights , we get 18 . Now , 18 fatal accidents still sounds like a lot . After all , could you imagine hearing about one or two major accidents every month ? Most of these , however , probably never made the news here in America . In the U.S. , not a single passenger was killed in an accident on a scheduled passenger flight the entire year . There was one tiny scheduled flight that crashed in Alaska , killing the pilot , but both passengers survived . A couple of bush flying accidents in Northern Canada claimed three lives as well , but that was it for this immediate part of the world . But wait , were n't there some newsmakers in the U.S. this year ? Sure , you heard about the Southwest 737 that had the fuselage tear open at cruising altitude , but everyone walked away in good shape .  OK , maybe nerves were rattled . The rest of the accidents happened in primarily developing areas . The worst offender over the past year has been Russia , where three accidents killed 56 people . This was in addition to several landing accidents that were not fatal and one major crash of a charter flight that killed an entire professional hockey team . Though this does not make flying in Russia unsafe , it certainly was one of the hotspots that should cause alarm for Russian aviation officials . There were two accidents in Indonesia as well as one in Congo . These were on airlines that have been put on the banned list by the European Union for being unsafe , so many people would n't even consider flying them in the first place . There was an accident on a domestic flight in Iran , one on a tourist flight in Nepal , one on a prop in Papua New Guinea and five on turboprops in Latin America . In Europe , there was only one , a turboprop that crashed in Ireland in bad weather . You 're probably wondering what caused these accidents . As usual , none of these was caused by a single issue , but most of them were operating in challenging weather conditions at the time . In some of the more remote places in the world , they do n't have the same kind of weather detection systems or the conservative procedures that we have here in the U.S. , and that can make a difference in the accident rate . Looking through all this data , one thing is clear . Flying remains an incredibly safe mode of transport . Although there will always be an effort to get to zero accidents , that simply wo n't happen with something as complex as aircraft operations . But each year , more aircraft take to the skies , and the chances of something going wrong continue to drop .	In the U.S. , not a single passenger was killed in an accident on a passenger flight Eighteen scheduled passenger flights had 373 fatalities in 2011 Russia was the worst offender , with three accidents killing 56 people
CNN  -- French fishermen suspended their blockade at three English Channel ports Thursday , allowing ferry traffic and freight to move through after two days of disruption , union leaders said . French fishing boats blockade the port of Boulogne . The French ports of Calais , Dunkirk and Boulogne were open again after French unions met Thursday and agreed to stop the blockade . Union leaders have yet to agree on how the rest of their protest will develop , and whether the suspension will become permanent . The fishermen began their blockade of the three ports Tuesday to protest European Union fishing quotas , which they say threaten their livelihoods . The flotillas forced a halt to all cross-Channel traffic , including passenger ferries and freighters , stranding tourists on both sides of the waterway and causing a backlog of freight trucks . P&O , the largest ferry operator on the Channel , said it had resumed running normal services to Calais . "  It is our hope that we 'll be able to continue doing that throughout the day , " spokeswoman Michelle Ulyatt said . LD Ferries , which operates services to Boulogne , said it had canceled four sailings Thursday as a result of the dispute . "  We do not yet have any information on whether any of our services will be affected beyond 16th April , " the company said in a statement . French fishermen held four hours of talks with Agriculture and Fisheries Minister Michel Barnier in Paris on Wednesday , the French news agency Agence France-Press reported . Barnier offered the local industry $ 4 million  $ 5.3 million  in aid , but refused to budge on the fishermen 's key demand that the European Union increase fishing quotas , AFP reported . Both France and the European Union have ruled out any renegotiation , pointing out that French cod quotas have already been raised 30 percent since 2008 , AFP said .	French fishermen lift port blockades at Calais , Dunkirk and Boulogne Fishermen are protesting over European Union fishing quotas Blockades shut all cross-Channel traffic at the three ports Ferry operator P&O says it is resuming normal Dover-Calais services
CNN  -- Nearly 1,000 people , mostly members of the Islamist extremist group Boko Haram , have died this year while in Nigerian custody , Amnesty International said in a report . Nigerian officials strongly denied the accusations in the report , which was released Tuesday . According to Amnesty , the human rights group has received credible information about deplorable conditions in detention centers , where prisoners are said to die daily . The report focuses on three detention centers where suspected militants are sent . Overcrowding results in suffocation and starvation , Amnesty said . Others have died after suffering beatings or being shot and left to bleed to death , according to former detainees interviewed by the group . Nigerian officials dismissed the report as a fabrication . "  There is no way our government officials will take the lives of others , " Interior Minister Abba Moro told CNN . The facilities in question are run by Nigeria 's Joint Task Force . "  These claims are false , " said Eli Lazarus , spokesman for the task force . "  We will conduct a thorough investigation if necessary and release a statement . " Amnesty called on the government to conduct an investigation "  as a matter of urgency . " The two facilities were a majority of the deaths are said to have happened are the Giwa military barracks in Borno state and two centers known as Sector Alpha and Presidential Lodge in Yobe state . Boko Haram has waged an insurgency in the nation for years . The militant group has attacked various targets in the nation since 2009 , murdering and kidnapping Westerners , and bombing schools and churches .	Nearly 1,000 people have died in detention this year , Amnesty International says The majority of those who died were Islamist extremists The government denies the accusations , calling them "  false "
CNN  -- Dozens of international envoys walked out during a speech by Iran 's president Monday as he accused Israel of having a "  racist government " and committing genocide . European Union delegates leave during Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's speech Monday . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accused the West of making "  an entire nation homeless under the pretext of Jewish suffering ... in order to establish a totally racist government in occupied Palestine . " Many delegates at the controversial U.N. anti-racism conference in Geneva , Switzerland , cheered his words as a minority of diplomats -- mostly from Europe -- collected their papers and briefcases and left the room . Cameras at the scene showed empty seats where delegates from France , Finland and Denmark had been sitting . The British and Spanish delegations also walked out , both countries ' foreign affairs divisions confirmed . Watch delegates make their exit " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon issued a statement criticizing Ahmadinejad for using the conference "  to accuse , divide and even incite . " Ban said he had spoken to the Iranian president and asked him not to focus on "  divisiveness " in his address . "  It is deeply regrettable that my plea to look to the future of unity was not heeded by the Iranian president , " Ban said . "  This is the opposite of what this conference seeks to achieve . This makes it significantly more difficult to build constructive solutions to the very real problem of racism , " Ban said in a statement following Ahmadinejad 's speech . During Monday 's speech , Ahmadinejad paused a moment , then continued : "  In fact , in compensation for the dire consequences of racism in Europe , they helped bring to power the most cruel and repressive racist regime in Palestine . "  It is all the more regrettable that a number of Western governments and the United States have committed themselves to defend those racist perpetrators of genocide , " he said , echoing Tehran 's official line on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Israel was established in 1948 as a homeland for Jewish people after the Holocaust , on land also claimed by Palestinians . Ahmadinejad said Zionism , the Jewish national movement , "  personifies racism " and accused Zionists of wielding economic and political resources to silence opponents . He also blasted the United States-led invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan . "  Was n't the military action against Iraq planned by the Zionists and their allies in the then-U.S. administration ? " he demanded . At least two protesters in brightly colored wigs interrupted Ahmadinejad as he began to speak , shouting : "  You 're a racist ! " in accented English . But some delegates cheered as he began his speech while security officers dragged the protesters from the chamber . Later in the address , more protesters shouted at him from a balcony , leading him to pause and look down for a moment , a smile playing across his lips . He also blamed the United States for the world economic crisis . Israel withdrew its ambassador from Switzerland in protest before the conference , which the United States and a number of other countries are boycotting . Alejandro Wolff , the U.S. deputy ambassador to the U.N. , called Ahmadinejad 's remarks "  vile , " "  hateful " and "  inciteful , " and praised Ban 's condemnation . Speaking at a Holocaust remembrance service in Jerusalem , Israeli President Shimon Peres said Ahmadinejad 's address "  constitutes an acceptance of racism , rather than the fight against it . " "  It is hard to fathom why despots such as Hitler the Nazi , Stalin the Bolshevik and Ahmadinejad the Persian chose the Jews as the main target for their hatred , their madness and their violence , " Peres said . "  Perhaps they targeted the Jewish people because of its spiritual power - a nation poor in material possessions , but rich in values -- for he who is infected with megalomania fears the power of the spirit . " New Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu declared during the Holocaust commemoration event that Israel will not allow "  Holocaust deniers to carry out another Holocaust against Jews . " A number of European countries had vowed to walk out if Iran 's president made offensive remarks . "  The UK unreservedly condemns Iranian President Ahmadinejad 's offensive and inflammatory comments . Such outrageous , anti-Semitic remarks should have no place in a U.N. anti-racism forum , " said Peter Gooderham , Britain 's envoy to the U.N. in Geneva . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown was quick to "  unreservedly condemn " the Iranian president 's words . Britain decided against boycotting the event being held in Geneva , although other Western countries including Australia , Canada , Germany , Italy , Israel , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Poland , Sweden , and the United States withdrew in advance over concerns that the conference would devolve into a platform for some nations to attack Israel . French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said he instructed the country 's ambassador to the U.N. to leave the conference along with his European colleagues after Ahmadinejad spoke "  in an unacceptable way . " Koucher explained that France "  would not tolerate anyone holding the conference hostage and using it as a platform for making heinous remarks . " Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper told reporters that he believed the vocal opposition to Ahmadinejad 's positions was a "  very positive thing " . The major problems with Iran , according to Harper , are continued threats against Israel and against the Israeli people , along with persistent nuclear ambitions . Ahmadinejad was the first speaker at the conference because he was the only head of state to respond to the invitation , conference spokesman Ramu Damodaran told CNN . "  Invitations are sent to all member states . They decide at what level they wish to be represented , " he explained . Ahmadinejad "  was the only head of state who had confirmed as of today -- and when you arrange the list of speakers , heads of state get precedence over non-heads of states . " The United States , among others , is refusing to send any envoys at all to the Durban Review Conference . While rejecting the boycott , Navi Pillay , the U.N. high commissioner for human rights , urged reporters "  not allow this one intervention to mar the conference . "  I prefer to move on , " she said at a news conference after Ahmadinejad 's speech . She also criticized the delegates who walked out during his speech , saying his "  unsavory remarks " did not "  provide justification for anyone to walk out of the conference . " Pillay said Sunday that she regrets -- and is "  shocked " by -- the United States ' decision to boycott . The U.S. State Department said Washington 's decision was based in part on a conference document that "  singles out " Israel in its criticism and conflicts with the United States ' "  commitment to unfettered free speech . " Australia , Canada , Germany , Poland and Italy are among those also boycotting the conference CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	U.S. calls remarks vile , hateful , inciteful , praises U.N. condemnation Dozens go as Iran 's president says Israel is genocidal , has "  racist government " U.N. secretary-general says Iranian leader is trying "  to accuse , divide and even incite " But some delegates cheer ; security officers drag protesters from speech chamber
OPRAH.com  -- Physical attraction may be as old as time , but new studies are beginning to uncover the science behind sex appeal . Unexpected factors -- like biochemical odors , face shape and voice pitch -- just might have more to do with your choice of mate than anyone ever expected . Biostatistics expert Kendra Schmid explains why actress Halle Berry scored very high on facial attractiveness . Karl Grammer and Elizabeth Oberzaucher are leading the research on the human scent 's influence on sexual attraction . They 've found that when women are ovulating , they produce copulins , a scent that attracts men . The researchers believe when a man gets a whiff of copulins , his testosterone levels rise . As a result , he secretes androstenone , an odor that repels women who are n't ovulating . "  Bars and nightclubs across the world are the battlefield for this invisible biochemical war , " Oprah Winfrey says . Sex therapist Dr. Laura Berman says attraction has a lot more to do with science and evolution than people might think . "  We are innately all puppies in heat , " she says . "  We are capable of discerning 10,000 different scents consciously . But then there 's a whole realm of unconscious scents that we 're not even aware that we 're smelling . " Oprah.com : Get Dr. Berman 's 5 steps to better sex These odors let people know when a woman is fertile and when a man 's testosterone levels are high , Berman says . As a result , individuals can tell when someone else is most ripe for reproduction . "  It 's all about survival of the species , " she says . One common complaint Berman hears among women with relationship problems is that they love their partner , but they 're not in love with him . "  There is a difference between love and chemistry , " Berman says . "  Take a really good whiff of him without cologne when he 's relatively clean . If that smell turns you on , that 's a really good cue of chemistry . " Oprah.com : Can the chemistry come later ? In one recent study , Berman says , researchers had women smell men 's T-shirts . The women were most attracted to the shirts of men with a different major histocompatability complex  MHC  from them . MHC is a collection of genes that are related to immune systems . "  We unconsciously want to mate with someone who has a different immune system than ours because that helps with the survival of our offspring , " Berman says . The T-shirt study also found that women taking hormonal contraception were attracted to men who had similar MHC as they did . "  If you 're on the pill , your body is being tricked into think you 're pregnant , so you 're not ovulating , " Berman says . "  The bad news there is that they have looked at these couples who have similar MHC , and not only do they have higher levels of infidelity and higher levels of marital discord , but they also have higher infertility issues . " Another unexpected factor that has been found to directly affect attraction is voice pitch . Gordon Gallup , Ph.D. , a professor at the State University of New York at Albany , says that women with higher estrogen levels have higher voices , which makes them more desirable to men . "  When females are midcycle , when they 're the most fertile , the most likely to conceive , their voices are rated as being significantly more attractive , " he says . It 's hard to pinpoint what distinguishes a gorgeous face from an average one , but some researchers are getting pretty close . Psychologist Lisa DeBruine , Ph.D. , of the University of Aberdeen in Scotland says she 's found that women 's faces get more attractive to men when they are ovulating . "  We 're not entirely clear why there 's this difference , but we think that the women might look healthier , have a bit of a healthier glow when they are ovulating . " Symmetry is another factor that determines a face 's attractiveness . Kendra Schmid , an assistant professor of biostatistics at the University of Nebraska Medical Center , says there is a formula for the "  perfect " face . She uses 29 different measurements to determine someone 's appeal on a scale of 1 to 10 . To start , Schmid says the ratio of the length of the face to the width of the face should be 1.6 , also known as the golden ratio . "  The face should also be divided into three equal pieces vertically , " she says . "  The forehead , then -LSB- the bottom of the forehead to -RSB- the nose and then from the nose to the chin . " Who 's face is the most "  perfect , " according to Schmid 's measurements ? No big surprise here ! "  Brad Pitt 's is the highest that I 've ever used the -LSB- formula -RSB- on , " she says . "  He was a 9.3 -LSB- out of 10 -RSB- . " Brad 's partner , Angelina Jolie , did n't fare too badly either . "  Angelina was a 7.67 , and that 's pretty high , " Schmid says . "  Most people rate about 4 to 6 . ... The thing that is probably lowering her score is the thing that she 's most famous for -- her full lips . " Schmid says that ideally the width of a mouth should be twice the height of the lips . Other celebrities Schmid tested were Halle Berry , who scored a 7.36 , and Hugh Jackman , a 6.45 . "  There 's never been anyone who was a perfect 10 , " Schmid says . "  If you 're out there , we 're looking for you ! " Not everything that goes into finding a partner is biological . Researchers have also found that if a woman looks at the face of a man whom she knows nothing about , she will give it a rating on a scale of 1 to 10 that 's different than if she is shown the same face and a corresponding income . When a man makes a lot of money , a woman will rate him higher on an attractiveness scale than she would that same man with a smaller income . Oprah.com : What do women really want ? Berman says this is n't a case of women being gold diggers . "  It goes back again to evolution . When we were having babies who were very dependent on us , we could n't hunt and take care of ourselves , so we were looking for the man who had the most social status , who was the best hunter , who was going to bring home the biggest chunk of meat for our babies , " she says . "  It 's the same thing today . " Smell , voice pitch and face symmetry might be unconscious detectors of attractiveness , but if you 're trying to consciously assess the future of a relationship , Berman says there 's one surefire way . "  You really learn a lot from a kiss . ... Sixty-six percent of women say they would dump a guy after a bad first kiss , " she says . "  It 's not only because you 're getting that good whiff of him so you 're seeing if you like the way he smells . All your senses are engaged , and you get a sense of his sensuality , his connection , whether he 's a take-charge kind of guy or more of a stepping back kind . " When it comes to relationships , Berman says kissing frequency is a direct indicator of happiness . "  It turns out that couples who kiss and cuddle regularly are eight times less likely to be stressed and depressed than couples who do n't get that , " she says . "  You have to have a minimum of a 10-second kiss every day . " From The Oprah Winfrey Show Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Sex therapist Dr. Laura Berman : "  We are innately all puppies in heat " Says woman are attracted to men by their smell Psychologist Lisa DeBruine says men find ovulating women more attractive The higher a woman 's voice , the more attractive men find her , expert says
CNN  -- This may be a week of skeptical glances . When I took the subway home on Monday night , after watching news that three people died and more than 100 were injured in a terror attack in Boston , I looked around at crowds and fellow passengers in Atlanta with an unfair twinge of suspicion . It 's difficult not to let events like this impact your patterns of thinking . It 's sometimes hard to do what The New Yorker 's Hendrik Hertzberg suggests : to keep calm and carry on . That used to be easy , before Oklahoma City , where I 'm from , and before 9/11 . Then it was more difficult . And just when it seemed like "  terror " was a word that we could use with a sense of distance and irony -- and a concept we watched play out in films like "  Zero Dark Thirty " and not in our communities -- our collective sense of security threatened to evaporate again , after two explosions hit the finish line of the Boston Marathon . We are left searching for answers and perpetrators . Families are mourning those who died and praying for those who lost limbs and were severely injured . I think it 's because of all this uncertainty and soul-searching that a quote from America 's lullaby-voiced comforter , Mr. Rogers . bounced all over my Twitter feed on Monday afternoon , getting retweeted in various forms by thousands . "  I would see scary things in the news , my mother would say ` Look for the helpers . You will always find people who are helping . ' " Leave it to a former kids ' TV host to give America its moral compass . iReport : Bostonians rush to support stranded visitors Right now , as the authorities try to figure out who did this and why , what the rest of us can do is take a moment to focus on the humanity that followed the tragedy . Doing so will remind us that America is bigger and stronger than these events -- that we do n't have to let fear change us as it has before . Jared Keller , a native Bostonian and director of social media for Bloomberg News , compiled a short but powerful list of the helpers in Boston . Among them were people who ran toward the site of the explosion -- rather than away from it -- to try to help the people who were injured . They were marathoners who "  kept running , all the way to Massachusetts General Hospital , to give blood " after the blasts went off . They were , of course , the police officers and other first responders who were photographed in numerous courageous and selfless acts , including carrying this small person away from the scene . "  Many were fleeing , " wrote David Abel from the Boston Globe , "  but many were running to the wounded . They ripped down the metal barriers separating the runners from spectators . Unsure of whether there would be another explosion , these strangers risked their lives to help other strangers , performing CPR , comforting those in shock , and carrying the wounded to the nearby medical tent . " Others protected each other during the explosion . Dr. Allan Panter treated victims at the site of the explosion , according to CNN 's live blog . "  I saw at least six to seven people down next to me , " he said . "  They protected me from the blast . One lady expired . One gentleman lost both his  lower  limbs . " They were runners who offered jackets to each other . And they included a photographer who walked through pools of blood to try to capture the horror and humanity of the scene , all while holding back tears of his own . Outside that northeastern city , they were technologists who scrambled to publish tools to help relatives find their loved ones and to help stranded visitors find a safe place to stay the night . They were joggers who hit the streets in their own neighborhoods even though the blast may have shaken them up . On Monday night , Dan Conley , Suffolk County 's district attorney , took the microphone at a news conference and put words to these sentiments . "  It was a large and disturbing scene . Like each of you I am praying for the victims and their loved ones . It is a terrible , terrible day for them , " he said . "  Seconds after those bombs went off we saw civilians running to help the victims right alongside members of the Boston Police Department and Boston EMS . And in the hours that followed police and medical personnel from across the region have sent dozens , maybe even hundreds , of volunteers to help us here in Boston . "  That 's what Americans do in times of crisis . We come together and we help one another . Moments like these , terrible as they are , do n't show our weakness , they show our strength . " That was true in Oklahoma City and New York . It was true in Norway , where people responded to a 2011 massacre by gathering around an Oslo courthouse to sing . And it 's certainly true of Boston . "  Moments like this , and our response to them , " Conley said in another press conference on Tuesday morning , "  define who we are . " It 's understandable to be shocked by these events and to be a little wary in the hours after tragedy . But as the "  helpers " in the wake of the Boston bombing reminded me , we are more the same than different , and more good than evil . We 're all geared to be helpers . And that 's who we 'll continue to be .	A Mr. Rogers quote was widely shared on Twitter on Monday After tragedy , he says , we should "  look for the helpers " John Sutter : That message is resonant following the Boston bombing He says all of us are geared to help , and the bombing response shows that
CNN  -- If you 're a brown tree snake , those dead rodents that will soon be falling from the sky over Guam 's Andersen Air Force Base could be your last meal . That 's because the U.S. Department of Agriculture is planning to pack each one with acetaminophen , the generic equivalent of Tylenol , which can kill a snake in 72 hours . The drug-laced mice will be taped to pieces of cardboard , which in turn will be attached to streamers that will be dropped from helicopters over more than 100 acres of the Air Force base on the Pacific island . The bombing campaign is expected to begin this spring , Dan Vice , the USDA assistant operations director on Guam , told the local Pacific News Center . It replicates a smaller-scale test drop tried on Naval Base Guam in 2010 , he said . The goal , he said , is eradicating the brown tree snake from the island . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says brown tree snakes have wiped out most of Guam 's native populations of forest birds since being accidentally introduced to the island after World War II , probably after they stowed away on a ship or plane from their native range in Australia , Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands . The snakes , which can grow up to 8 feet long , also eat small mammals and lizards . The snake is mildly venomous , the FWS says , but it does not pose a danger to most adults , and its bite will not penetrate clothing . Besides its effect on bird populations , the snakes also take an economic toll on Guam by causing numerous power outages each year when they cross from tree into electrical lines , the FWS says . There could be as many as 2 million of the snakes on Guam , where they have no natural predators . About 2,000 mice will be dropped in the newest test , the Pacific Daily News reports . The $ 1 million program is being funded by the Department of Defense , according to the report . "  No one 's ever attempted anything on this scale , " Vice said of this spring 's planned air drop . "  You know to date the largest plot that anyone 's been able to get rid of snakes is only a couple of acres . We 're talking 110 acres so this is completely novel . " The dead mice will target snakes in a fenced-in area of the base , he said , so officials will be able to determine the effectiveness in that area versus an adjacent area that the snakes could move in and out of . "  We have a site where there 's a population of snakes that nobody can get into . It 's a controlled population , " Vice told the Pacific News Center . "  This is being done in a very rigorous , scientific manner . This is n't just something that we 've just kind of come up with by the seat of our pants . " And if the test works , more snakes could be confronting death from above . "  We want to make sure we are doing it right . If the information shows that it 's effective in controlling the population , we will institute a plan to use it across areas in Guam , " Vice told the Pacific Daily News .	Dead mice to be laced with acetaminophen Drug can kill snakes in 72 hours Brown tree snake has wiped out Guam 's bird populations Up to 2 million snakes may be on island
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel is willing to continue U.S-brokered peace talks with the Palestinians but "  not at any price , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Sunday . Attempts by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to put peace talks back on track unraveled in the past week -- Israel reneged on a scheduled release of Palestinian prisoners , and the Palestinians responded by signing on to join 15 international bodies , reversing their commitment not to seek international recognition as a state . Speaking at a weekly Cabinet meeting , Netanyahu blamed Palestinians for obstructing negotiations . "  The Palestinians substantially violated the understandings that were reached with American involvement , " he said . Netanyahu said Israel would respond with steps of its own if the Palestinians pressed ahead with unilateral actions toward statehood . He did not elaborate . "  They will achieve a state only by direct negotiations , not by empty statements and not by unilateral moves , " he said . "  These will only push a peace agreement farther away , and unilateral steps on their part will be met with unilateral steps on our part . We are ready to continue the talks but not at any price . " A senior foreign policy adviser for Fatah , the party of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , said his party was not surprised by Netanyahu 's remarks about statehood . "  If Netanyahu considers the Palestinians committing themselves to international law -- including committing themselves to empowering woman and protection of children -- is a provocation that calls for Israeli punishment , then what the Palestinians are saying all of these years have been proven beyond doubt that Israel considers international law to be hindrance for peace , " Hussam Zomlot said . Last July , Kerry announced a bid to reach a peace deal within nine months . But as time rolled by with little progress , Kerry sought to get Netanyahu and Abbas to agree to a framework which would form the basis for a comprehensive peace treaty . With the deadline set to expire on April 29 , Kerry and his aides have struggled to get the parties to extend the talks .	NEW : Palestinian official says Israel should n't object because they are following the law Israeli PM blames Palestinians for obstructing negotiations Israel last week reneged on a scheduled release of Palestinian prisoners Palestinians responded by signing on to join 15 international bodies
This year 's Nobel Prize for Chemistry was awarded to an Israeli scientist who "  fought a fierce battle against established science " and "  fundamentally altered how chemists conceive of solid matter , " the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences announced Wednesday . Daniel Shechtman "  tore apart what we thought we knew about crystals , " a scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology said . Shechtman discovered that crystals do not have to have a regular repeating pattern , Peter Mueller said , comparing the revelation to the fall of the Berlin Wall . "  There are a few things that you know in life , like ` The Berlin Wall is not going to fall . ' That was one of things that I knew growing up in Germany , " Mueller said . Shechtman 's discovery in 1982 was as disruptive to chemistry as the fall of the wall was to world politics , Mueller said . The very definition of a crystal was that it was "  periodic , " or that its molecules were packed together in a regular , repeating way . "  Dan Shechtman comes along and proves us all wrong , " said Mueller . "  It 's the next step in crystallography . It is outrageous . It is fantastic . Before Dr. Shechtman 's discovery , this was thought impossible . It absolutely deserves the Nobel . " Shechtman is a professor at the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology . His discovery is called quasicrystals . Unlike other crystals , quasicrystals do not have a repeating pattern at the molecular level . They are very hard , but break easily , like glass . Interestingly , the structure of quasicrystals seems to have been foreshadowed in medieval Islamic art that contradicts what Western geometry had always taught . "  If you want to tile a bathroom floor with squares , you can do it out to infinity , " said Peter J. Lu , a post-doctorate researcher at Harvard University who has studied Islamic tile work . "  If you want to do it with five-sides figures , there are gaps , " he explained . But Islamic artists figured out how to do it without leaving gaps by making the pattern irregular rather than repeating -- the same thing that happens in quasicrystals , he said . "  Aperiodic mosaics , such as those found in the medieval Islamic mosaics of the Alhambra Palace in Spain and the Darb-i Imam Shrine in Iran , have helped scientists understand what quasicrystals look like at the atomic level , " the Swedish academy said . Islamic tile patterns dating back to the early 1400s were put together in ways not understood in the West until 1973 , Lu and Paul Steinhardt of Princeton University argued in a paper in 2007 in the journal Science . The Muslim artists discovered ways to tile shapes with five , 10 or 12 shapes without leaving gaps between them -- a structure thought by standard geometry to be impossible . British mathematician and physicist Roger Penrose explained in 1973 how it was done , and just over a decade later the same pattern was found at the molecular level in quasicrystals , according to a report in Lu and Steinhardt 's work in the journal Nature in 2007 . Lu said he was "  thrilled to pieces " that Shechtman had won the prize . "  The discovery was incredibly monumental , and he 's just the nicest guy , " Lu said . Mueller , a principle research scientist at MIT , said he was "  fascinated " by the structure of quasicrystals , even as he admitted he would not have the knowledge to analyze them himself . But specialists in quasicrystals will eventually "  gain knowledge of some structures which we can not analyze with conventional methods , " he predicted . The academy that awards the Nobel Prize in Chemistry said quasicrystals have a "  unique atomic structure " which makes them "  bad conductors of heat and electricity , and  they  have nonstick surfaces . " "  Their poor thermal transport properties may make them useful as so-called thermoelectric materials , which convert heat into electricity , " the academy said . The prize in chemistry is worth 10 million Swedish kronor  about $ 1.44 million  . On Tuesday , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences named Saul Perlmutter from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the University of California , Berkeley ; Brian P. Schmidt of Australian National University and Adam G. Riess of Johns Hopkins University and the Space Telescope Science Institute , the winners of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics . They made the discovery that our universe apparently is expanding at an accelerating rate some 14 billion years after the Big Bang . The Nobel committee on Monday named Ralph Steinman , a biologist with Rockefeller University , and scientists Bruce A. Beutler and Jules A. Hoffmann , the winners of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine . The announcement came three days after Steinman died of pancreatic cancer at age 68 . This week , the committee also will announce prizes in literature and peace . The prize in economics will be announced Monday .	Daniel Shechtman 's discovery was like the fall of the Berlin Wall , a scientist says Shechtman "  tore apart what we thought we knew , " Peter Mueller of MIT says Islamic tile patterns hundreds of years old help explain the discovery The Nobel Prize in Chemistry is worth about $ 1.44 million
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Edward Kennedy backed Sen. Barack Obama for president Monday , saying , "  It is time again for a new generation of leadership . " Sens. Edward Kennedy and Barack Obama are all smiles after Kennedy endorsed Obama . "  It is time now for Barack Obama , " the Massachusetts senator and brother of the late President Kennedy added . He stood with Obama , his son , Rep. Patrick Kennedy , and his niece , Caroline Kennedy , before a screaming capacity crowd of students at American University in Washington . "  Like you , we want a president who appeals to the hopes of those who still believe in the American dream , " he said . "  I 've found that candidate . And it looks to me like you have too , " he said . Watch Kennedy compare Obama to JFK " After Kennedy spoke , Obama told the boisterous crowd : "  I know what your support means . I know the cherished place the Kennedy family holds in the hearts of the American people . " The Illinois Democrat said he would work to carry on the vision the senator 's brother laid out when he was president nearly five decades ago . "  The dream has never died ... it lives on in those Americans , young and old , rich and poor , black and white , Latino and Asian and Native American , gay and straight , who are tired of a politics that divides us and want to recapture the sense of common purpose that we had when John Kennedy was president of the United States of America , " Obama said . "  That is the dream we hold in our hearts , " Obama said . "  That is the kind of leadership we long for in this country . And that is the kind of leadership I intend to offer as president of the United States of America . " Kennedy said he has always planned to "  support the candidate who inspires me , who inspires all of us , who can lift our vision and summon our hopes and renew our belief that our country 's best days are still to come . " Watch Obama explain why Kennedy decided to endorse him " Picking up on Obama 's central campaign theme , he said , "  I feel change in the air . What about you ? " Kennedy praised Sen. Hillary Clinton and former Sen. John Edwards , saying Edwards "  has been a powerful advocate for economic and social justice . And Hillary Clinton has been in the forefront on issues ranging from health care to the rights of women around the world . "  Whoever is our nominee will have my enthusiastic support , " he said . But he also took a line from Clinton 's campaign , saying Obama "  is ready to be president on Day 1 . " In what may have been a veiled swipe at Clinton , Kennedy said of Obama , "  From the beginning , he opposed the war in Iraq . And let no one deny that truth . " Clinton has pointed to various statements Obama has made about Iraq , suggesting he has not been consistent -- an accusation he has denied . Kennedy -- a fixture of the Democratic Party popular with many liberals -- was introduced by Caroline Kennedy , who spoke of her father , the slain president . She said Obama offers the "  sense of hope and inspiration " that Americans today need . In fact , she said , her children "  were the first people who made me realize that Barack Obama is the president we need . " The New York Times reported Monday that Sen. Kennedy endorsed Obama despite pleas from the Clinton camp to remain neutral in the Democratic race . The Massachusetts senator decided to endorse Obama after becoming concerned about the often-bitter campaigning involving former President Clinton before Saturday 's South Carolina primary , which Obama won , the newspaper reported . The Times said Kennedy was angry the former president had introduced what he felt were racial themes into the campaign and that Bill Clinton had made misleading statements about Obama , matters Kennedy and Clinton discussed during two heated telephone conversations earlier this month . Caroline Kennedy endorsed Obama in a weekend New York Times editorial . Members of the Kennedy clan are split in the race . Former Maryland Lt. Gov. Kathleen Kennedy Townsend issued a statement Sunday stating her support for Clinton . "  I respect Caroline and Teddy 's decision , but I have made a different choice , " she said . "  While I admire Sen. Obama greatly , I have known Hillary Clinton for over 25 years and have seen firsthand how she gets results . As a woman , leader and person of deep convictions , I believe Hillary Clinton would make the best possible choice for president . " She added that her brother Bobby and sister Kerry are also backing Clinton . Kennedy Townsend is the oldest child of Robert F. Kennedy . Sen. Kennedy 's decision to endorse Obama could help Obama 's campaign as he seeks momentum toward Super Tuesday on February 5 , when 22 states and American Samoa will weigh in on the Democratic race . In polls , Obama has trailed Clinton nationally . Obama , coming off the South Carolina victory , has been seeking to expand his support nationwide . He won that state with the help of a large majority of African-American voters , while most white voters supported Clinton or Edwards . Sen. Kennedy spoke enthusiastically , interrupted by frequent applause from the young crowd . "  When John Kennedy thought of going to the moon , he did n't say no , it was too far , maybe we could n't get there and should n't even try , " he said . "  I am convinced we can reach our goals only if we are not petty when our cause is so great -- only if we find a way past the stale ideas and stalemate of our times -- only if we replace the politics of fear with the politics of hope -- and only if we have the courage to choose change . "  Barack Obama is the one person running for president who can bring us that change . Barack Obama is the one person running for president who can be that change . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Edward Kennedy says Obama ready "  on Day 1 " to be president Kennedy endorses Sen. Barack Obama for president Brother of late President Kennedy says "  it is time for new leadership " Caroline Kennedy , daughter of JFK , and Rep. Patrick Kennedy also endorse Obama
CNN  -- Senior Taliban official Maulvi Faqir Mohammad has named himself acting head of the Pakistani Taliban , a close relative of Mohammad and local Taliban spokesmen in Pakistan 's federally administered tribal areas told CNN Wednesday . Baitullah Mehsud , right , and a bodyguard arrive at a meeting in South Waziristan , Pakistan , in 2004 . Pakistani and U.S. officials believe that the group 's leader , Baitullah Mehsud , was killed in an August 5 drone attack in Waziristan . Through his relative , however , Mohammad said that Mehsud is alive but ill and temporarily unable to perform his duties . Mohammad believes that he is in line to lead the group because he is a deputy of Mehsud 's , the relative said . A year ago , Mohammad was falsely believed killed in a Pakistani airstrike , according to media reports at the time . The relative also said that Mohammad appointed Haji Muslim Khan as the group 's spokesman . Khan is a former provincial Taliban spokesman in Swat . Pakistani officials announced Tuesday that two top figures in the Pakistani Taliban had been arrested . Saif Ullah is believed to have been Mehsud 's right-hand man , and Maulvi Umar is the well-known spokesman for the militant group . Umar recently declared that Mehsud had not been killed in the drone strike on his father-in-law 's house , but a senior Pakistani official said Umar had admitted under questioning that Mehsud was dead . The top U.S. envoy to the region , Richard Holbrooke , said the Pakistani Taliban have not confirmed his death because of an ongoing power struggle over his successor . Journalist Janummah Hashaimzada contributed to this report .	Group 's leader is believed to have been killed in air attack this month Deputy claims leadership ; he was falsely believed killed last year Pakistani officials announce arrest of two top Taliban figures
CNN  -- A man who roasted his pet dog to enjoy as a meal with his family and friends escaped prosecution after authorities in New Zealand determined the animal was killed humanely . Auckland SPCA officers found the charred body of a Staffordshire terrier cooking in this barbecue pit . "  We were in a dilemma at seeing something we were fairly upset about -- but being in a position of being able to do absolutely nothing about it , " said Garth Halliday , of the Auckland Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , on Monday . The SPCA -- which investigates acts of animal cruelty and presses charges -- responded to the house in Mangere , south of Auckland . There , officers found the charred body of a Staffordshire terrier cooking in a barbecue pit . Watch why owner made decision " "  They had had the dog for a while , but the man told us his wife was getting tired of the dog . He was becoming a pest , " Halliday said . "  They decided to get rid of him . But instead of bringing him to the SPCA -- which we recommend -- they decided to have a meal , and cook and eat him . " The family is from Tonga where eating a dog is not uncommon , Halliday said . "  He did n't think he was doing anything wrong , " he said . Is eating dog meat acceptable ? Sound Off below The incident occurred in February . For the next few months , the SPCA looked into whether the man ought to be charged for the killing . Over the weekend , the organization decided it could n't because the animal had been killed humanely . The man , Halliday said , struck the dog in the head with a hammer , rendering it unconscious . He then slit its throat . "  That is the normal way -- if one can use that word -- that animals are killed all over the world , " Halliday said . And under New Zealand 's Animal Welfare Act , it is legal to kill an animal if it is slaughtered swiftly and painlessly . Dr Malakai Koloamatangi , a Tongan cultural expert from the University of Canterbury , told CNN affiliate TVNZ that dog meat is a delicacy enjoyed mostly by young men in his homeland . Still , the case infuriated and repulsed many New Zealanders . "  It 's appalling , " said Gracie Williams of Auckland . "  As an animal lover , I am sickened . The law needs to be changed . " Auckland Mayor John Banks , an animal rights activist , told reporters that rather than a new law , what is needed is better education of local customs . In the end , the SPCA closed the case without charges . "  We talked to the people . We told them that although it 's not against the law , it is against the general culture of the country to actually kill and eat your own pet dog , " Halliday said .	Man had roasted his pet dog to enjoy as a meal with his family and friends Man 's family is from Tonga where eating a dog is not uncommon New Zealand authorities determine dog killed humanely , do n't prosecute him In New Zealand it is legal to kill an animal if it is slaughtered swiftly and painlessly
CNN  -- Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan hit the campaign trail Thursday to pitch energy policy and defense spending , as new polls showed President Barack Obama maintaining a slight lead in three key swing states after Romney named the conservative House Budget Committee chairman as his running mate . Four days ahead of the Republican National Convention , certain presidential nominee Romney sought to build momentum with a continued focus on his economic policies mixed with attacks on Obama 's handling of a stalling recovery . However , the controversy this week over Republican Rep. Todd Akin 's incendiary remarks on "  legitimate " rape and pregnancy has dominated the political chatter and raised questions about whether the conservative Christian from suburban St. Louis can unseat vulnerable Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill in Missouri . Threat against Akin being investigated Seeking to regain control of the campaign message , Romney traveled to New Mexico to discuss a plan that he says will make America energy independent by 2020 -- which would coincide with the conclusion of his second presidential term , if he gets elected twice . Touting the country 's newly accessible oil and gas reserves , Romney repeated familiar themes -- fewer federal regulations , more oil drilling -- that he said would wean the country off imported oil and spark an economic boom at home . Democrats : Our convention will stall Romney He called for states to have control over drilling on federal land within their borders ; opening new offshore areas to energy development ; starting a fast-track approval process for energy projects including nuclear power , and limiting the ability of environmental groups to file lawsuits . Acknowledging that conventional sources of oil were dwindling , Romney said the new production would come from places like the deepwater Gulf of Mexico , Canada 's oil sands and shale formations . CNN electoral map : Do the math In a position paper on the issue , Romney listed benefits from achieving energy independence as 3 million new jobs , $ 1 trillion in government revenues , a stronger dollar and lower energy prices . However , a recent report by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office was less sanguine . The CBO report , which was requested by Ryan , said 70 % of the nation 's oil and gas reserves already were available for drilling . Opening the rest , it said , would increase government receipts from an estimated $ 150 billion under current policy to $ 175 billion to $ 200 billion over the next 10 years . Strippers count on GOP spending When asked to explain the difference , a Romney staffer said the campaign 's projections were more inclusive and stretched out over a longer time period . Obama has touted increased oil production in recent years , and also opened up new areas for drilling in the Gulf of Mexico and indicated he 'll issue permits to drill in the Arctic . Obama 's troubled solar ` poster boy ' At the same time , the administration has increased environmental and safety standards for offshore drilling and tightened emissions rules on power plants . The current administration has also issued fewer permits for drilling than George W. Bush , largely due to the moratorium imposed after the BP spill in 2010 . On Thursday , Romney criticized Obama 's support for renewable energy subsidies and highlighted companies that have received government funding and then gone bankrupt , such as Solyndra and Ener1 . Wal-Mart moms not tipping their hand The administration has repeatedly defended its decision to invest in renewable energy companies , noting that energy from wind and solar projects have doubled since Obama took office . "  The Republican approach is essentially one that is written by or dictated by big oil and it focuses almost entirely on oil and fossil fuels , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Thursday . Romney has said he would not support extending the federal subsidy for wind power , which expires at the end of the year . He called Thursday for the government to support advanced energy development at the basic research level , not at the commercialization phase . Ryan , meanwhile , spoke about about military spending at a defense industry roundtable in Fayetteville , North Carolina . The event came a day after a new CBO report outlined the potentially dismal impact of the impending "  fiscal cliff " that includes the expiration of the Bush tax cuts and mandatory reductions in government spending , including defense outlays . Ron Paul , supporters change strategy The scheduled automatic cuts -- known as sequestration -- came about as a result of a compromise budget measure passed into law after congressional negotiations failed to agree on a deficit-reduction plan last year . Ryan voted for the compromise , saying at the time that it represented "  a victory for those committed to controlling government spending and growing our economy . " Show us your budget , Ryan demands Now , he and Romney call the looming "  fiscal cliff " an example of Obama 's failed leadership . Democrats , however , blame what they call Republican intransigence in opposing Obama 's push to extend the Bush tax cuts only for income over $ 250,000 a year for families and $ 200,000 a year for individuals . "  Under a Mitt Romney administration , this will not happen , " Ryan said of the automatic cuts to military spending . "  We will reverse these reckless , devastating defense cuts that the president is bringing us toward . " At the White House , Carney said a quick solution to the issue would come if Republicans ease their rigid opposition to ending tax cuts for wealthy Americans . Rick Warren cancels presidential forum The new Quinnipiac University/CBS News/New York Times polls showed Obama leading Romney by 49 % -46 % in Florida and 49 % -47 % in Wisconsin , which is Ryan 's home state . Both results were within the margin of error , meaning the races are statistically even in those states . In Ohio , the poll showed Obama with a 50 % -44 % lead , just outside the sampling margin of error . Peter A. Brown , assistant director of Quinnipiac University Polling Institute , wrote in a statement accompanying the polls ' release that Romney 's choice of Ryan has made "  small difference " so far in the race . Will money be the difference maker ? In Florida , support for Romney ticked up 1 percentage point from a poll taken before Ryan was added to the ticket . In Wisconsin , Romney inched up 2 percentage points . The Ohio numbers remained identical to a Quinnipiac University survey taken prior to the Ryan announcement . With a potential hurricane possibly heading toward Tampa , Florida , the site of the Republican convention scheduled to begin Monday , GOP officials made clear Thursday that Romney would be nominated as the party 's presidential candidate next week regardless of whether the storm disrupts proceedings . "  We do have contingency plans to deal with weather related and other circumstances that may occur to ensure that the business can go on at the RNC and Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan will become our nominees , " RNC communications director Sean Spicer told CNN . Isaac gains strength by the mile "  While the safety of delegates and others attending next week 's Republican National Convention was paramount , the actual business of nominating Romney would not be delayed by bad weather , " Spicer said , adding : "  There are contingency plans in place and rules of the RNC in place that ensure that will always be able to occur . " The storm 's path is uncertain , though some computer models show it could move up through Florida , including Tampa . Other models send it farther west , into the Gulf of Mexico . According to the latest forecast map from the National Hurricane Center in Miami , the storm -- named Isaac -- will pass near the Florida Keys early Monday as a Category 1 hurricane and northwest of Tampa by Monday evening . The convention is scheduled to run through Thursday evening when Romney will officially accept the nomination and deliver his acceptance speech . The speech is considered a crucial moment for any presidential nominee because many voters are just beginning to tune in to the presidential election . Arrest made after threat to Obama Neither Obama nor Vice President Joe Biden have any campaign events scheduled Thursday . A new Obama campaign ad released Thursday features former President Bill Clinton -- in increasingly visible surrogate for Obama . In the ad , Clinton attempts to draw a contrast between Republicans and Democrats as the November election approaches . Whither Sarah Palin ? "  This is a clear choice . The Republican plan is to cut more taxes on upper income people and go back to deregulation . That 's what got us in trouble in the first place , " Clinton says in the ad . "  President Obama has a plan to rebuild America from the ground up , investing in innovation , education , and job training . It only works if there is a strong middle class . " He later adds : "  That 's what happened when I was president . We need to keep going with his plan . " In his stump speeches , Obama frequently credits Clinton-era policies for the strong economy in the 1990s . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Paul Steinhauser , Dana Davidsen , Kevin Liptak , Gregory Wallace , Ashley Killough and CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report .	NEW : Romney calls for more oil drilling , less regulation Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan hit the campaign trail on Thursday New polls show President Obama maintaining a slight edge in three key states GOP officials say a possible hurricane wo n't derail Romney 's nomination next week in Tampa
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Chelsea and England defender Ashley Cole has apologized to London police for a foul-mouthed tirade that led to him being arrested for drunk and disorderly conduct in the early hours of Thursday morning . Ashley Cole , pictured signing an autograph at a charity event in London Wednesday . In a statement released by the left-back , Cole said he swore out of his frustration with the paparazzi and insisted he would never disrespect the police . However , Cole admits he did not heed their warnings to calm down and regrets not taking their advice . He also made it clear that he had not consumed a vast amount of alcohol . Cole declared : "  I would like to take this opportunity to apologize to the police officers on duty last night for my language . "  I felt I was being harassed by paparazzi and while complaining to the police about this at the scene they did warn me to calm down , a warning that I regrettably did not heed . "  I fully appreciate that whatever frustrations I may have had with others that it was completely inappropriate to vent those in conversations with the police . "  However , I do want to make clear that I swore in frustration at the paparazzi 's behavior . I would never disrespect police officers in anyway . "  I take very seriously my responsibilities as a professional footballer , this includes keeping my body in the best condition . Although I had consumed some alcohol earlier in the evening on a night out with friends it had not been excessive . "  But I accept that the language I used on this occasion was wrong . I regret my actions and how it reflects on myself and Chelsea Football Club . " The 28-year-old was arrested in Brompton Road in the upmarket west London area of South Kensington , close to Chelsea 's Stamford Bridge ground , at about 2.15 am on Thursday morning after emerging from the Collection nightclub . Police sources said the officers were already on patrol in the street and were not called to any disorder . One source denied reports they were following up a complaint from a photographer over an alleged bust-up with Cole . Cole was taken to a central London police station and issued with an # 80 fixed penalty notice for being drunk and disorderly before being released shortly after 5.30 am . Cole is likely to be fined by Chelsea . Before his arrest , Cole had joined Chelsea 's first-team squad and more than 300 charity workers , celebrities and supporters for the second annual Chelsea FC and Armani charity fundraiser . Cole , who previously played for Arsenal before joining Chelsea in 2006 , is married to the Girls Aloud singer and reality TV judge Cheryl Cole , who is currently on a charity climb on Tanzania 's Mount Kilimanjaro .	Chelsea defender Ashley Cole apologizes after his arrest on Thursday morning 28-year-old England left-back was charged with drunk and disorderly conduct Cole blames his frustration at paparazzi for swearing at London police officers Cole is married to the Girls Aloud singer and reality TV judge Cheryl Cole
CNN  -- Unfancied Belarus once again frustrated France in Euro 2012 qualifying action on Friday , earning a 1-1 draw at home to the Group D leaders . The French won four successive games following September 's 1-0 defeat to the East Europeans in Paris , but conceded a goal for the first time since then when defender Eric Abidal put through his own net in the 20th minute under pressure from Maksim Bordachev after a free-kick . However , Chelsea forward Florent Malouda equalized two minutes later after being set up by Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema as Les Bleus remained four points clear of their second-placed hosts . Belarus can close the gap by beating bottom nation Luxembourg on Tuesday , while Laurent Blanc 's France team face Euro 2012 co-hosts Poland and Ukraine next week . Romania closed to within a point of Belarus with a 3-0 win at home to Bosnia-Herzegovina , with Adrian Mutu netting the opener and Ciprian Marica scoring twice before Cristian Sapunaru missed a penalty deep into injury-time . Germany notched a sixth win from six games in Group A as striker Mario Gomez scored both goals in a 2-1 win away to neighbors Austria . Gomez , the Bundesliga 's top scorer last season , scored late in each half with Austria leveling through Arne Friedrich 's 50th-minute own goal . The Bayern Munich star pounced just before the break after clubmate Toni Kroos 's corner was flicked on by Friedrich into his path . Friedrich turned David Alaba 's cross into his own net , but Gomez denied Austria -- seeking a first competitive win over their rivals since the 1978 World Cup -- when he headed in Philipp Lahm 's last-minute cross . That put Joachim Low 's team seven points clear of second-placed Belgium ahead of Tuesday 's trip to Azerbaijan . Belgium , who have played an extra game , drew 1-1 with third-placed Turkey as Axel Witsel missed a second-half penalty in Brussels . Marvin Ogunjimi gave the hosts an early lead before Burak Y?lmaz leveled on 22 , but Witsel blazed over the bar with 15 minutes left to keep Turkey 's playoff hopes alive with Guus Hiddink 's team one point back with a game in hand . Bottom side Kazakhstan beat Azerbaijan 2-1 in a result that left both nations on three points with one win each . Italy stayed five points clear in Group C with a 3-0 win at home to Estonia . Strikers Giuseppe Rossi and Antonio Cassano scored in the first half , while the latter 's second-half replacement Giampaolo Pazzini wrapped up the Azzurri 's fifth win from six matches . Second-placed Slovenia won 2-0 away to the Faroe Islands despite having Marko Suler sent off after only 25 minutes , but have played an extra game . Tim Matavz put the visitors ahead shortly after Suler 's red card for a professional foul , adding to his hat-trick in October 's home fixture , while Rogvi Baldvinsson headed into his own net just after halftime . Croatia went top of Group F with a 2-1 win at home to Georgia , moving two points clear of Greece . Georgia won the reverse fixture in March , and took the lead again through Jaba Kankava in the 17th minute . But goals from Mario Mandzukic and Nikola Kalinic in the final 15 minutes gave Slaven Bilic 's team a welcome win , having earlier hit the woodwork three times . Greece can reclaim top spot by beating Malta on Saturday . Sweden boosted their hopes of finishing second in Group E by winning 4-1 away to Moldova , as striker Johan Elmander scored twice . The second-placed Swedes now trail unbeaten leaders the Netherlands by six points , having played one fewer game . Finland claimed a second win in five games to be on six points , winning 1-0 away to bottom nation San Marino thanks to striker Mikael Forssell 's first-half winner . Group I 's bottom side Liechtenstein picked up a 2-0 win at home to Lithuania for the principality 's first points in five games .	France lead Group D by four points despite 1-1 draw with Belarus in Minsk Germany maintain perfect record in Group A , winning 2-1 away to Austria Italy five points clear in Group C following a 3-0 win at home to Estonia Croatia top of Group F after a 2-1 win at home to Georgia
CNN  -- A CNN iReport showing people dancing on the floor of the North Carolina House of Representatives near the end of its legislative session is causing a bit of a stir . Carol Edmonds , 60 , an iReporter known as SadTimesInNC , said she shot the video the afternoon of July 25 during a break in the second-to-last day of the session . That night , the state Senate passed a restrictive abortion bill , and the House approved controversial voter ID legislation . The iReport was originally titled "  NC House Dances With Joy Over Their Accomplishments " and suggested Republican lawmakers were doing a victory dance after a contentious session . The iReporter later changed the headline to "  Opinion : Really ? On The Day NC 's Voters Rights Were Suppressed and Women 's Rights Were Assaulted " . Within a couple days , the video racked up nearly 100,000 page views and 31,000 people shared it on Facebook . State Rep. Paul Stam , a Republican , told CNN that the musician playing in the video is his former legislative assistant , Christin Danchi , who is leaving for music school in the fall . The young woman performed a few classical numbers and finished with some bluegrass . The man dancing in the video is state Rep. Phil Shepard , a Republican , and his dance partner is the principal clerk of the House , according to a report from CNN affiliate NBC Charlotte . A few others are seen taking pictures or clapping . Edmonds was in the public gallery of the North Carolina House to document the proceedings . She has also attended most of the weekly demonstrations dubbed "  Moral Mondays , " organized by the NAACP to voice anger about a key part of the state 's GOP agenda . North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory has dismissed Democratic criticism that he is only pushing a conservative agenda . Edmonds acknowledged the music and dancing were unrelated to the passage of any bills but said any celebration on the floor was "  totally disrespectful and inappropriate " given the gravity of issues the General Assembly was discussing that day and earlier in the session . "  I thought that it pretty much summed up the whole session , how out of touch the legislators had been and the disconnect with their actions to the reality of the people 's lives , " she said . "  They 're making such sweeping changes that are ... hitting people of all walks of life really hard . " Stam said in an e-mail to CNN that he received appreciative notes from Democratic representatives as well as Republicans about the young musician 's performance . "  We were n't discussing any issues . It was a recess . During that day we handled several dozen bills . ... I think the claim that it was inappropriate is silly . "	iReporter says music and dancing on North Carolina House floor inappropriate Her posting originally suggested GOP was doing victory dance Rep. Paul Stam dismisses any criticism Stam says lawmakers were n't "  discussing any issues . It was a recess "
The U.S. Department of Agriculture has slapped the parent company of the "  Greatest Show on Earth " with a record penalty for alleged animal welfare violations . Feld Entertainment Inc. , which produces the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus , has agreed to pay $ 270,000 for allegedly violating the Animal Welfare Act on several occasions from June 2007 to August 2011 , according to a USDA news release . The USDA can levy fines of up to $ 10,000 per violation of the act . "  This settlement sends a direct message to the public and to those who exhibit animals that USDA will take all necessary steps to protect animals regulated under the Animal Welfare Act , " Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in the release . Feld Entertainment officials settled in lieu of a hearing and agreed to implement new training protocols for any circus employees who handle animals , the statement said . "  We look forward to working with the USDA in a cooperative and transparent manner that meets our shared goal of ensuring that our animals are healthy and receive the highest quality care , " Kenneth Feld , the company 's CEO , said in a separate statement . As part of the settlement , the company admits no wrongdoing or violation of USDA policy . The settlement comes in the wake of a federal appeals court dismissal of a lawsuit against Feld Entertainment filed by the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and the Animal Protection Institute . The lawsuit alleged that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus is in violation of the Endangered Species Act and that the circus systematically abuses and exploits elephants by using metal bullhooks to guide and control the animals , as well as chaining their legs while they are not performing . The lawsuit was dismissed in October on the grounds that the two animal protection organizations did not have the standing to bring the lawsuit against Feld Entertainment because they could not establish legal "  injury " to themselves .	Circus owner violated the Animal Welfare Act , regulators say Feld Entertainment agrees to pay $ 270,000 but admits no wrongdoing The company agrees to a new training protocol for animal handlers
London , England  CNN  -- Sherlock Holmes the movie has already made more than $ 300 million at the box office worldwide and British tourism officials are hoping it means money for them too . Britain 's tourism board has been promoting films for the past 15 years , so they know just how lucrative a movie like "  Sherlock Homes " can be . "  To give you an example of a typical blockbuster film , it is normally seen by about 120 million people in the first three weeks of opening , " Visit Britain official Laurence Bresh told CNN . "  Even if a small percentage of those come to visit Britain as a result of this particular film , that 's going to have a huge boost in some of those tourism attractions featured in our promotion . " As much of "  Sherlock Holmes " is set in London this means big business for museum officials and gift shop operators . The Sherlock Holmes Museum at 221b Baker Street is the address where the fictional detective lived , according to the stories by Conan Doyle . Nearby , a nine-foot statue of Holmes greets visitors at the Baker Street Underground station . Inside the museum , visitors can check out Holmes ' study , sit in his armchair by the fireside , examine his calabash pipe and observe his chemistry equipment . "  I think Hollywood has put its magic touch on the legend , and they 've put , as it were , a magnifying glass over the character and of course things you could say are slightly exaggerated , but that 's the wont of Hollywood and that 's what makes these blockbusters successful , " John Riley , Assistant Curator of the Sherlock Holmes Museum said . "  So any new perspective , any new angle always just helps to perpetuate the legend of Sherlock Holmes . And that indirectly will obviously benefit the museum . " About 70,000 visitors a year stop by the Victorian lodging house , though officials are expecting a spike of interest fueled by the new movie . While thousands of tourists flock to visit the museum , many of its visitors are unaware that Sherlock Holmes was actually not real person . "  A few people do think he is a real character , particularly with the tour of his house on ` Baker Street ' adding fuel to the fire so to speak , " Mark Di-Toro from Visit Britain said . "  That is just testament to Doyle 's brilliant writing with his true to nature locations in the books meaning tourist can really relate and visit all the fantastic locations . " A. Pawlowski and Phil Han contributed to this report .	New movie "  Sherlock Holmes " inspires guides to places of interest to fans of the detective British tourism officials hope the movie will bring more tourists to London Many are unaware that Holmes was a fictional character The movie has already made more than $ 300 million worldwide
A police officer in Tarpon Springs , Florida , was shot and killed early Sunday , a sheriff 's spokeswoman said . A suspect is in custody . The fatal shooting occurred in a residential area in the predawn hours , said Cecilia Barreda from the Pinellas County Sheriff 's Office . The slain officer , Charles Kondek , was a 17-year veteran of the Tarpon Springs Police Department . Kondek , 45 , was a New York City police officer for five years before moving to Florida , the sheriff 's office said . The sheriff 's office identified the suspect as Marco Antonio Parilla Jr. , 23 . Parilla faces a charge of first-degree murder . The sheriff 's office and local police are investigating . Tarpon Springs is located on Florida 's Gulf Coast about 10 miles northwest of Tampa .	Officer Charles Kondek was killed in the line of duty Sunday He was an officer in Tarpon Springs , Florida A suspect is in custody
London  CNN  -- Samsung has launched its Galaxy S III smartphone , which it hopes will help solidify the company as the leading challenger to Apple and its iPhone 4S . The new handset , with a whopping 4.8-inch screen and an 8-megapixel camera , was unveiled at a slick launch party in London on Thursday , complete with a backing orchestra . Billed by Samsung as having been "  designed for humans , " the phone features voice and eye-recognition technology that the company hopes will set the handset ahead of its rivals in the crowded smartphone market . Samsung has overtaken Nokia as the world 's best-selling mobile phone maker , and Juniper Research reported Tuesday that Samsung also overtook Apple in smartphone sales in the first quarter , in what it described as "  increasingly a two-horse race . " Opinion : Samsung Galaxy S III wo n't be for everyone The new Galaxy handset , which runs the most up-to-date version of Google 's mobile operating system -- Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich -- recognizes when a user is looking at it , and ensures the screen does n't go dark while it has eye contact . S Voice technology -- Samsung 's equivalent of Apple 's Siri -- enables users to wake up their phone with a simple voice command . And voice recognition goes further -- saying : "  Hi Galaxy ... picture , " for example , opens the phone 's camera app , and saying "  cheese " takes a picture . Face-recognition software then identifies Facebook friends within images , and prompts the user to share them . Samsung -- a sponsor of the Olympics -- revealed it will be sending devices enabled with mobile payment technology to the 2012 games in London . Chris Hall , editor of technology website Pocket-lint , said he was "  pleasantly surprised " by the new phone . "  When you compare it to the nearest rival it feels like they have pulled off a bit of a trick , " he said . "  They have put some effort into software innovations , particularly the eye recognition . The voice recognition feels like a reaction to Siri on the iPhone , but I do n't know many people who actually talk to their phones . " "  I think the success of the Galaxy S II proves people want something different that is n't an iPhone , and I think the S III is a valid successor to the S II . " Samsung said the phone will be available in Europe on May 29 , followed by launches in Asia , Africa and Latin America . A 4G version will go on sale in North America , Japan and South Korea in the summer . Samsung did not announce what prices on the phone are expected to be .	Samsung Galaxy S III smartphone unveiled Thursday in London Phone features a huge 4.8-inch screen and 8-megapixel camera Samsung has passed Nokia as world 's best-selling mobile phone maker Phone available May 29 in Europe , in Asia and the United States this summer
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- For me , music is about joy -- the complete release of emotion , exhilaration and all-encompassing freedom . It 's so easy for us , especially as classical musicians who lock ourselves away from the world for hours at a time to perfect our craft , to forget that this music is really about others . It 's about conveying a message . For me , music is about communication that goes beyond our spoken language and rests deeper in our collective human psyche . Music brings us together . Music equalizes us . In college , I fell in love with biology , especially neurobiology . I was even lucky enough to land a few internships at amazing labs -- one at CUNY Hunter in New York City studying spinal chord regeneration and another at Harvard studying Parkinson 's disease . I was fascinated by the brain , and I wanted to become a doctor . But my heart cried out for music . And on a total whim  more like a last chance , really  , I took an audition for the Los Angeles Philharmonic a few years later , and I won the job . Learn more about Robert Gupta at TED.com I was totally and utterly crazy about making music , but I confronted myself a few months into the job . What solid proof did I have , besides the ovations I received , that this music was affecting my audiences the way it affected me ? Was I just playing the fiddle because it was something I did well and because I was , well , in love ? I felt like I was neglecting a calling as a doctor and a neuroscientist . And then I met Nathaniel Ayers . And I saw a miraculous transformation in a man who was delusional , lost and paranoid . I had witnessed  and conducted  a therapy where the dosage was n't measured or administered under sedation or struggle , where the treatment opened a channel for human communication and understanding . Music communicated where words had failed ; I found a moment in which music transcended medicine . It caused a change , immediate and visceral , in a man who was on the brink of a schizophrenic episode . The music ultimately revealed Nathaniel 's brilliance -- as if the music opened the floodgates of a previous life and allowed him to face memories and emotions that may have been either too painful or distant to remember . Nathaniel began to recite Beethoven opuses and Schubert and Haydn catalog numbers . He displayed an intuitive understanding of the violin though he 'd never taken a real lesson on in his life . He seemed happy and calm . He was a totally different person than when he had walked into the room . And the way that Nathaniel changed also changed me , as a classical musician , as a voice for mental illness and as a human being . I realized that what really mattered here was n't the venue or even the type of music or any other type of external factor , but relation . The music equalized Nathaniel and myself . It allowed us to behold each other at our most human level and relate to each other . The music allowed us to communicate at a profoundly honest level , and I understood that this was why I made music . To communicate . To heal . To relate to people at their level through the expression of common , simple human emotion manifested as redemption . Music as medicine . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Gupta .	Robert Gupta gave up a career in medicine to play violin for the Los Angeles Philharmonic He says homeless street musician Nathaniel Ayers asked for a violin lesson with him Through music , Gupta says , the two men were able to communicate and help heal Ayers Gupta says music has a powerful ability to connect people and treat mental illness
CNN  -- Two Girl Scouts sprang into action when a man stole a cash box containing money from their cookie sales in the Houston area . The incident left one of the girls slightly injured after she held on to the getaway car to stop it from leaving the scene , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . It started when a passenger got out of a car Saturday and pretended to be interested in the cookies the girls were selling outside a grocery store , according to the affiliate . He grabbed the cash box and ran , leaving the girls stunned outside a Walmart store in Fort Bend County . Girl Scout Iravia Cotton pursued the man to his car . "  I started hitting the boy in the passenger seat , " Cotton told the affiliate . "  So I think he learned his lesson a little bit ... and then they dragged my friend Rachel across the street . " Rachel Johnson told the affiliate she got a few bumps and scratches when she held onto the back bumper to stop the car from driving away . "  I hope your face hurts from where Iravia punched you , jerk , bam , " Johnson said in a message to the thieves . "  I hope your face hurts and I hope it leaves a scar . Who steals money from Girl Scouts , I mean , really ? " The cash box contained about $ 200 , according to the affiliate . Girl Scouts are financially responsible for any cookies they order , troop leader Jean Marie Johnson said . Authorities said the suspects covered their license tag during the incident . An investigation is under way .	Girl Scout pursues the man and punches him Another one holds on to the back bumper to stop the car from driving away Girl Scouts are financially responsible for any cookies they order The cash box contained about $ 200 , CNN affiliate says
CNN  -- It was the best of times in 2004 , when attorney Dave Dineen graduated from Boston University School of Law and landed a job at a top Massachusetts corporate firm , Foley Hoag LLP . Attorney Dave Dineen at his new job at Greater Boston Legal Services . By 2007 , the National Association for Law Placement was reporting the most promising year in two decades . Nearly 92 percent of graduating attorneys were employed , and the median starting salary at private practices had increased by $ 13,000 -- to a total of $ 108,500 a year . But times have changed . In the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , the legal industry is taking an unprecedented beating from the sputtering economy and housing meltdown . Dineen , 37 , lost his job as layoffs and salary freezes have spiked at law firms across the country during the past three months . See the law firm layoffs for the past year " Rather than just hand out a severance package with the pink slip , Foley Hoag gave Dineen an option . He could work for Greater Boston Legal Services , a legal aid group serving people living in poverty . The firm agreed to pay Dineen about a quarter of his former salary for a year . Dineen , who needed to support his wife and a newborn daughter , accepted . "  This gave me a chance to do something different with my legal career , and help out people who generally do n't have access to public service , " said Dineen , who now works on foreclosure cases helping victims of predatory lending . Foley Hoag is among many megafirms across the country using the economic slump as an ideal time to lend a hand to cash-strapped public interest and legal aid firms . The massive corporate layoffs and program cuts could redirect thousands of young graduates and experienced attorneys from corporate firms into the public sector , legal experts say . Once insulated , law firms are shedding young and mid-career associates at extraordinary rates . This is especially true at large corporate firms that overestimated their growth and extended too many offers to associates last fall . White & Case LLP , a leading global firm with headquartes in New York , made a second round of cuts last week . In addition to about 70 associates laid off in November , the firm last week let go of another 400 people , including 200 attorneys . Other well-known firms such as Heller Ehrman LLP and Thelen Reid & Priest LLP on the West Coast have gone bankrupt in recent months . At least 2,149 attorneys have been laid off in 2009 , bringing the total to 3,045 since January of last year , according to Lawshucks.com , an industry Web site tracking the slump . Hundreds more associates set to start jobs this fall are bracing themselves for rescinded offers and deferred start dates . Some students are finding their summers wide open as law firms like Luce Forward , based in California , have canceled internship programs . Amid all this dark news , there might be a silver lining . It could transform the legal profession . "  There is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity coming out of a difficult situation , " said Esther Lardent , president of the Pro Bono Institute in Washington , who began discussions this month with at least 15 corporate firms nationwide about placing unemployed attorneys in public interest firms . The project will get under way in a few months , she said . Other firms have already encouraged attorneys to go into the public sector . Just last week , one of the largest firms in the country -- Morgan , Lewis & Bockius LLP , based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- announced it will pay deferred associates graduating in 2009 a $ 5,000 monthly stipend for one year if they secure a job in the public interest field . International law giants Latham & Watkins LLP and Orrick , Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP offered incoming associates who defer employement until October 2010 a $ 75,000 compensation package . While working in public service is n't mandatory for Latham & Watkins associates , the firm said there was a "  sincere hope " the deferred associates would "  use the intervening period to pursue a community service or other public advocacy projects of their choosing . " Such deferral plans can save the companies about $ 100,000 per associate , and law experts expect the list of firms enacting deferral programs to grow geometrically as the economy worsens . "  Firms are doing this to be flexible and regulate their labor force because there just is n't as much work anymore , " said James G. Leipold , executive director of the National Association for Law Placement . Corporate giants are also scrambling to find work for mid-level attorneys in the public sector . Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP , a major New York-based law firm , introduced a yearlong public service fellowship program this year that would pay current attorneys $ 60,000 a year to work in areas such as social service , community development or academia . The company hopes the program will alleviate "  significant budgetary constraints . " "  You are n't just throwing somebody out there , " said American Bar Association President Tommy Wells , who requested funding in President Obama 's stimulus package to help pay attorneys to work in the public sector .  The proposal was rejected . "  You 're meeting a real need in these tough times where you have more of a legal need and fewer resources , " Wells said . Encouraging laid-off and deferred attorneys to go into public service is filling a desperate need at public interest firms . Public interest and legal aid firms serving the underprivileged have long been under-funded and overwhelmed with cases even in a good economy . Tightened state budgets and a decline in donations have further stretched resources for the public interest firms , forcing them to make staff cuts at a time when demand for their services is greater than ever before . At Greater Boston Legal Services , the public interest firm where Dineen arrived in January , the effects of a sick economy are apparent . Robert Sable , the public interest firm 's executive director , has already reduced staff . The agency , which handles 15,000 matters a year , expects to make more staff reductions in the coming months because of a $ 2 million funding shortfall . "  We 're burning through our reserves right now , so it 's nice to have extra help , " said Sable , who is talking to another local corporate firm this week about taking in subsidized attorneys . Some attorneys and law students worry that paying corporate attorneys to work in public interest firms may displace those who actually wanted to work in the public sector in the first place . Jocelyn E. Getgen , who works with students at Cornell Law School , said strained legal aid organizations and nonprofits will want to take in the "  free " labor . Nevertheless , there is little doubt that the economic free-fall is changing the ways current attorneys -- and a new generation of young attorneys -- view the field . Traditionally , law students have equated best jobs with highest-paying jobs , career counselors say . Students saddled with hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt find themselves pressured to work at large firms that will pay enough to cover the bills , said Tricia McGrath , a director at Lateral Link Group LLC , a job placement agency for lawyers . Many times , going into the public sector is n't even an option , she said . "  Everyone has to rethink all the old models that we believed in , the model where you go to school and then a big firm , " said McGrath , who graduated from Fordham University School of Law in 1998 , a time when law jobs were abundant . iReport.com : Cutting back with brown-bag lunches ? Show us on video Even students at top law schools are finding that their offers have been rescinded . At Harvard Law School , Mark Weber , assistant dean for career services , said he has been working with a handful of students whose job offers have been deferred . "  It can be a tremendous opportunity for the student to take that year and try something entirely different , " Weber said . "  Hopefully within a year , the economic picture will do better . " After not receiving a corporate firm job offer in the downtrodden industry , Scott Greenwood , set to graduate this spring from the University of Southern California 's Gould School of Law , will instead work for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development . "  I can see what it 's like to work for a regulatory agency , and that 's a different expertise that attorneys do n't always get to have , " said Greenwood , who will begin working in Washington in August . "  I 've been thinking about it as a blessing in disguise . "	At least 2,149 attorneys have been laid off in 2009 , according to Lawshucks.com Private firms are trying to place unemployed attorneys in public interest firms One firm will pay deferred associates $ 60,000 a year to work in the public sector Harvard Law School assistant dean : Tough times can be "  tremendous opportunity "
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has struck down a federal law designed to stop the sale and marketing of videos showing dogfights and other acts of animal cruelty , saying it is an unconstitutional violation of free speech . The 8-1 decision was a defeat for animal rights groups and congressional sponsors of the unusual legislation . The specific case before the court dealt with tapes showing pit bulldogs attacking other animals and one another in staged confrontations . The justices Tuesday concluded the scope and intent of the decade-old statute was overly broad . "  The First Amendment itself reflects a judgment by the American people that the benefits of its restrictions on the government outweigh its costs , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . He concluded Congress had not sufficiently shown "  depictions " of dogfighting were enough to justify a special category of exclusion from free speech protection . The high court threw out the conviction of Robert Stevens , a Pittsville , Virginia , man who sold videos through his business , Dogs of Velvet and Steel . According to court records , undercover federal agents found he was advertising his tapes in Sporting Dog Journal , an underground magazine on illegal dogfighting . "  This is what I was hoping for , " Stevens told CNN just after the ruling was announced . "  I am not nor have I ever been a dog fighter or a promoter of dogfighting . I am a journalist and an author . " Among the products Stevens advertised was "  Catch Dogs , " featuring pit bulls chasing wild boars on organized hunts and a "  gruesome depiction of a pit bull attacking the lower jaw of a domestic farm pig , " according to the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania-based appeals court that ruled on the case earlier . Stevens was charged in 2004 with violating interstate commerce laws by selling depictions of animal cruelty . He was later sentenced to 37 months in prison , and promptly appealed . That sentence was put on hold pending resolution of this appeal . He argued his sentence was longer than the 14 months given professional football player Michael Vick , who ran an illegal dogfighting ring . It was the first prosecution in the United States to proceed to trial under the 1999 law . The video marketer is not related to Justice John Paul Stevens , who turned 90 Tuesday . The court made no mention of the milestone as it held a two-hour public session . Nearly every state and local jurisdiction have their own laws banning mistreatment of wild and domesticated animals , and usually handle prosecutions of animal cruelty . Several media organizations had supported Stevens , worrying the federal law could implicate reports about deer hunting , and depictions of bullfighting in Ernest Hemingway novels . Roberts agreed , saying , "  We read -LSB- the federal law -RSB- to create a criminal prohibition of alarming breadth . " "  Jurisdictions permit and encourage hunting , and there is an enormous national market for hunting-related depictions in which a living animal is intentionally killed , " said Roberts . "  An otherwise-lawful image of any of these practices , if sold or possessed for commercial gain within a state that happens to forbid the practice , falls within the prohibition of -LSB- the federal law -RSB- . " During oral arguments in October , the justices offered a number of wide-ranging hypotheticals over what the law could forbid , including : fox hunts , pate de foie gras from geese , cockfighting , bullfighting , shooting deer out of season , even Roman gladiator battles . Only Justice Samuel Alito dissented in the case , and he focused on one of the most disturbing aspects raised in the appeal , the marketing of so-called "  crush " videos , in which women -- with their faces unseen -- are shown stomping helpless animals such as rabbits to death with spiked-heel shoes or with their bare feet . "  The animals used in crush videos are living creatures that experience excruciating pain . Our society has long banned such cruelty , " he said . The courts , he said , have "  erred in second-guessing the legislative judgment about the importance of preventing cruelty to animals . " He predicted mores crush videos will soon flood the underground market , because the ruling has "  the practical effect of legalizing the sale of such videos . " Roberts suggested a law specifically banning crush videos might be valid , since it would be narrowly tailored to a specific type of commercial enterprise . Alito noted that would not help dogs forced to fight each other , where , he said , "  the suffering lasts for years rather than minutes . " The government had argued a "  compelling interest " in stopping people who would profit from dog attack tapes and similar depictions . Roberts dismissed suggestions by the Justice Department that only the most extreme acts of cruelty would be targeted . "  The First Amendment protects against the government , " Roberts said . "  We would not uphold an unconstitutional statute merely because the government promised to use it responsibly . " The Humane Society , other animal rights groups and 26 states backed the government . If the law had been upheld , it would have been only the second time the Supreme Court had identified a form of speech undeserving of protection by the First Amendment . The justices in 1982 banned the distribution of child pornography . This is the second time this year the high court has tossed out federal legislation on free speech grounds . The justices in January nullified parts of a sweeping campaign finance reform law , giving corporations , unions , and advocacy groups more power to bankroll federal elections .	Justices say banning the videos is an unconstitutional violation of free speech Court threw out conviction of Robert Stevens who sold videos Stevens was charged in 2004 with selling depictions of animal cruelty
CNN  -- Dagestan has hit the headlines , but this obscure , impoverished southern Russian republic on the coast of the Caspian Sea wo n't be familiar even to those who pride themselves on being news nerds . Were it not for the fact that Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the two brothers implicated in the deadly Boston Marathon bombing , lived briefly in Dagestan before coming to the United States , and had Tamerlan , the elder sibling , not visited there last year , most Americans would have been blissfully ignorant about this patch of the planet . But Dagestan has a special resonance to the people of the North Caucasus , especially to Muslims , the largest religious group in the republic . The legendary Imam Shamil , who led the war against the Russian Tsar 's armies between 1834-1859 as they sought to conquer the area , belonged to Dagestan 's Avar ethnic group . LATEST : Boston suspect says brother was mastermind More recently , the August 1999 incursion into Dagestan by militants based in neighboring Chechnya was among the triggers of contemporary Russia 's second war there . Russian military installations in Dagestan were attacked in 1996 , 1999 , and 2002 . The Russian authorities linked the 2010 suicide bombings of the Moscow Metro to a Dagestani militant leader , and the two female suicide bombers hailed from Dagestan . Yet none of this explains why Dagestan is suddenly so prominent in international news headlines . What has made this little known place famous now is its connection to the Tsarnaevs , ethnic Chechens raised in the Central Asian republic of Kyrgyzstan -- particularly elder brother Tamerlan , who spent time in the poor Russian republic in early 2012 . His recent turn to Islam and interest in radical Islamist websites has now raised question about what , if anything , connects the Boston bombings to distant Dagestan . Dagestan is one of seven small republics within the Russian Federation that together comprise Russia 's North Caucasus region , a predominantly Muslim area which itself is wedged between the Caspian and Black Seas . Dagestan adjoins Chechnya , lies at the eastern extremity of the Caucasus mountain range , and the Dagestani capital , Makhachkala , sits on the Caspian coast . Smaller than West Virginia and with under 3 million people , Dagestan is an ethno-linguistic kaleidoscope of some 30 nationalities , among the largest being the Avars , Dargins , Kumyks , and Lezgins . Aside from the poverty of most of its inhabitants , several features mark Dagestan 's recent history , few of them positive . Though Chechnya , in late 1991 , was the first North Caucasus republic to try to secede from Russia , an anti-Russian insurgency now covers the entire North Caucasus . It has metamorphosed from a primarily nationalist , secular revolt into one driven by militant Islamists , whose goal is not just freedom from Russia but the creation of a sharia-governed "  emirate " encompassing the entire region . Chechnya , ruled by the brutal , Russia-backed strongman Ramzan Kadyrov , is now relatively quiet , and its Islamist insurgents , while still active , are on the defensive . But Dagestan has gone in the opposite direction and is gripped by instability and violence . Radical Islamist groups tied to the war against the Russian state now have much deeper roots , and are far more active , in Dagestan than in Chechnya . Drive-by shootings , kidnappings , bombings , and slayings of local politicians and law enforcement personnel are commonplace . Much of this upheaval can be traced back to militant Islamist groups , but it also stems from organized crime and turf battles , often waged along ethnic lines , to control sectors of the Dagestani economy and smuggling routes . Corruption is pervasive , as is the brutality of the security services . Life in Dagestan , in a few words , can be chaotic and violent , and if you are in the wrong place at the wrong time , short . As for poverty , very few Dagestanis can escape it . TIMELINE : A look at Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's past This , then , is the setting Tamerlan Tsarnaev visited recently and where he spent a short time as a teenager . But it 's unlikely that Dagestan is where he acquired the worldview that allegedly turned him into a terrorist or where he allegedly received the training to build the bombs that killed and maimed Bostonians . It 's clear by now that Tamerlan felt estranged from American society and had become a devout Muslim before he returned to Dagestan . Indeed , he felt happy hearing the calls to prayer from Makhachkala 's mosques because Islam had already become integral to his identity and outlook . Unfortunately , he seems to have been animated by variants of Islam espoused by extremists , not the Sufi Islam of the North Caucasus . Did Tamerlan associate with militant groups during his Dagestani sojourn ? We do n't know yet . But it 's unlikely that he would have received sustained training from professional terrorists while he was there . The bombs allegedly made by the Tsarnaev brothers , while deadly , were primitive . The duo made no attempt to disguise themselves : Dzhokhar 's friends reportedly spotted him in crime photos in which he wore his trademark baseball cap turned backward . The bombers killed an MIT police officer and carjacked a Mercedes SUV , not exactly an inconspicuous vehicle , while a massive manhunt for them was underway . Murderous as the plot the brothers allegedly designed was , professional it was notâ $ " and that 's fortunate . Many more people would have perished had Boston been targeted by a well-established international terrorist group connected to Al-Qaeda . There certainly is a violent Islamic insurgency underway in Dagestan and much of the rest of the North Caucasus , but the militants ' main adversaries lie within Russia . America is peripheral to their pursuits . Dagestan has its fair share of problems , but the answers to why the Tsarnaevs may have turned to terrorism will likely have much less to do with the republic than the changes they , especially Tamerlan , underwent in America . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Rajan Menon .	Suspected Boston bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev visited Dagestan last year Dagestan is an impoverished Russian republic in the North Caucasus region Radical Islamist groups warring against Russia are active , have deep roots in Dagestan Rajan Menon : Life in Dagestan can be chaotic , violent and short
New Delhi , India  CNN  As the earth shook in Nepal , tremors were felt over the border in India as well . It was a call to action : Within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake , India began planning a massive cross-border aid mission . With each hour , the scale of the devastation in Nepal became clearer -- some 3,862 people are known to have died so far -- and plans in India , where 72 people were also killed , got bigger . On Sunday alone , India delivered 187 tons of supplies , including 50 tons of water , 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine . And there will be more to come . Hundreds of trained disaster relief troops landed in Kathmandu and quickly got to work . With each flight in , there was a flight back out , packed with Indians and other nationals escaping to safety : 2,000 and counting have fled so far . By Monday , India was in full-scale crisis mode : From airports across India , planes flew in loaded with aid , and trucks made the trip by land from India 's east , aiming for more remote areas . On the ground : Devastation in Nepal India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a special effort over Nepal . He has visited the country twice in his first year in office . And on Sunday , in his national radio address to the nation , he said Indians needed to "  wipe the tears of every Nepali , hold their hands , and stand with them . " It all highlights the more proactive role taken by India in recent months . Just weeks ago , India flexed its military muscle to rescue Indians and other nationals from conflict-torn Yemen . Now , it is taking the lead in Nepal . Some might say India 's friendship is a signal for the other big country that shares a border with Nepal : China . A display of hard power , perhaps to achieve enduring soft power in the region . But in times like this , help is always welcome . First there 's the immediate search and rescue operation , and then the long process of rebuilding work . Nepal will need India 's friendship -- as well as China 's -- for many long months ahead .	India has launched a massive aid mission to its earthquake-hit neighbor Nepal Disaster relief troops and tons of food , water and medicine have been flown in
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's mother confirmed details previously reported by CNN that suggest she was tricked into flying to an Arizona spa instead of attending a concert by her sons in New Mexico last month , court documents reveal . Katherine Jackson 's cell phone and iPad were taken from her at the spa and the TV and phone in her room were disabled , preventing her from calling home or knowing about the public controversy about her disappearance , Jackson said in a sworn statement filed in court Thursday . The 82-year-old Jackson family matriarch was out of touch with Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson for 10 days , leading to a missing-person report and the suspension of her guardianship of Michael Jackson 's children , whom she has raised since their father 's death three years ago . Complete coverage on the Jackson family "  At the time , I trusted people to be honest with me , " Jackson said . "  While I was away , I had no reason to question whether the people whom I placed the trust would inform me that Prince , Paris and Blanket were trying to reach me . " Those people included four of her children -- Janet , Jermaine , Randy and Rebbie Jackson -- according to her lawyers and others involved in the events . Her other children , including La Toya , Tito , Marlon and Jackie , have said they did not know where their mother was taken . A judge restored her as guardian in a hearing Thursday , based partly on her sworn statement explaining why she was out of contact , a description that mirrors what CNN reported after her nephew filed a missing-person report on July 21 . The drama began on July 14 , a day before she was to leave in an RV to see the Jackson 's "  Unity " show in Albuquerque on the next Tuesday , she said . Katherine Jackson resumes guardianship of grandkids "  A doctor was brought to my home stating that he had been in contact with my longtime personal physician and was coming to check on me because my personal physician was unavailable , " Jackson said . "  The doctor advised that it was better for me to fly and not drive to New Mexico . Believing that the doctor was sent at the request of my longtime personal physician , I followed what I understood to be doctor 's orders and boarded a flight as opposed to driving in the motor home . " The doctor , identified as Dr. Allan Metzger , was not sent by Jackson 's personal physician , Jackson lawyer Sandra Ribera told CNN . "  We came to find out that the doctor has no association with Dr. Metzger , " she said . Metzger 's previous connection to the Jackson family included his treatment of Michael Jackson over nearly two decades for insomnia , according to his testimony last year at Dr. Conrad Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial . A call to Metzger 's Beverly Hills , California , office went unreturned Friday . Instead of landing in New Mexico , the plane went to Tucson and Katherine Jackson was driven to the Miraval Spa , according to her affidavit . Jermaine Jackson offers ` olive branch ' "  Based on what I believed to be the orders of the office of my longtime personal physician , my phone was taken away , " Jackson said . Her iPad was also taken , she said . "  While there was a telephone in my room , the telephone was not functioning and I could not dial out , " she said . "  In addition , there was no picture on the television in my room . Despite repeated requests to those with me to have it fixed , the television was never fixed . " Without a TV , phone or iPad , she was unaware that her granddaughter was posting desperate pleas on her Twitter account for help in finding her . Paris Jackson , 14 , tweeted on July 22 , "  yes , my grandmother is missing " and "  i have n't spoken with her in a week i want her home now . " Hours earlier , nephew Trent Jackson filed a missing-person report for his aunt . Katherine Jackson said she did have one clue something was amiss , though : "  One morning I woke up to the sound of the television , " she said . "  While there was no picture , I heard a broadcast that stated I was missing . " "  When I asked about Prince , Paris and Blanket , I was informed by those who I was with that they had been in contact with others concerning the well-being of my grandchildren , " Jackson said . "  I was never informed that Prince , Paris , Blanket and TJ were trying to reach me . " If she had known , she said , "  I would never have gone for such a long period of time without communicating with them . " Executives at the Miraval Resort , where Jackson stayed , did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment about their role in the events . When Katherine Jackson returned home early July 26 , she learned the details of what was happening at home and in the worldwide news media from Prince , Paris and Blanket . "  Although I am happy my grandma was returned , after speaking with her I realized how misguided and how badly she was lied to , " Prince Jackson tweeted that morning . "  I 'm really angry and hurt . " Katherine Jackson is planning another trip this month , but the children will go with her , she said in her statement . The family will travel to Gary , Indiana , for a celebration of Michael Jackson 's 54th birthday .	"  I trusted people to be honest with me , " Katherine Jackson says A doctor told her to fly , not ride in RV , to New Mexico , Michael Jackson 's mother says The plane landed in Tucson , not Albuquerque , she says Her cell phone and iPad were taken and her hotel TV and phone disabled , she says
CNN  The Syrian military claims to have shot down a U.S. drone , state media reported Tuesday . "  Syrian Air Defense systems shot down a U.S. UAV  unmanned aerial vehicle  north of Latakia Province , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said . The U.S. military lost contact with a MQ-1 Predator drone over Syria , a U.S. official said Tuesday . Claims that the drone was shot down by Syrian forces are still being investigated , the official said . The drone was believed to be conducting a reconnaissance mission near the Port of Latakia . The United States has used drones for surveillance and targeted killings , allowing missions to be carried out without risking the lives of U.S. military personnel . But it 's not alone . More than 70 countries now have some type of drone , according to The New America Foundation . CNN Explains : U.S. drones CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	An official says the U.S. military lost contact with a drone over Syria Syria 's military claims it shot down a U.S. drone north of Latakia Province
Northern Syria  CNN  -- Tanks pounded the Syrian city of Aleppo on Saturday , a sign that a much-feared government offensive in the country 's largest city has started , as the opposition warned its allies they would bear responsibility for a "  massacre " if they do n't act soon . Government forces shelled Aleppo neighborhoods , and Free Syrian Army rebels squared off with government soldiers in and around the city , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Syrian TV said "  terrorists " suffered heavy losses after clashes in three neighborhoods . "  Our friends and allies will bear responsibility for the terrifying massacres that will happen in Aleppo if they do n't move soon . This regime is planning for a big massacre in Aleppo , " Abdulbaset Sieda , head of the Syrian National Council , told reporters in Abu Dhabi . He urged allies to act outside of the U.N. Security Council , as resolutions there can be vetoed , and called for more aid and weapons . "  The rebels now are fighting with primitive types of weapons against the killing machine . We need weapons that will allow us to stop tanks and planes . This is what we need , " said Sieda . At least 160 people were killed across Syria on Saturday , the LCC said . More than 30 of those deaths were reported in Aleppo , Syria 's commercial hub and largest city . "  The heaviest clashes since the beginning of the revolution are taking place now in a number of neighborhoods in Aleppo city , " the LCC said . For more than a week , regime forces and rebel fighters have clashed there , and the regime has fired artillery from warplanes . Fighters have been preparing for a major confrontation , and security forces continued military buildup with reinforcements from Raqqa province and other regions , opposition groups said . Deama , an activist in Aleppo , told CNN that the expected massive military operations have begun since it is the first day the regime is moving into the city with tank fire . CNN is n't using her full name because disclosing it could put her in danger . "  Many people have been killed , " she said , including a mother and her two children . "  More tanks have arrived at a military school in northern Aleppo and started shelling for the first time from this location today . " She said the regime is shelling displaced people from Homs and Idlib who 've taken refuge in Aleppo , and thousands of them have had to evacuate yet again . The uprising started in March 2011 after the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad cracked down on peaceful protests . U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy to Syria Kofi Annan expressed concern Saturday for the concentration of heavy weapons and troops around Aleppo "  in anticipation of an imminent battle in Syria 's largest city . " "  I believe that the escalation of the military build-up in Aleppo and the surrounding area is further evidence of the need for the international community to come together to persuade the parties that only a political transition , leading to a political settlement will resolve this crisis and bring peace to the Syrian people , " he said in a statement . Also Saturday , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Russia has no plans to offer al-Assad asylum , state-run Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported . "  Those who are trying to plant this idea into the minds of the international community , pursue their dirty goal , " he reportedly said . "  It 's just provocations by those who want to put the entire blame for what is going on in Syria on Russian and China , allegedly because we have been blocking something . " Russia and China -- major trade allies with Syria -- have vetoed tough resolutions on Syria at the U.N. Security Council . They have said they want a more balanced approach that calls on all sides to stop the violence . "  We are blocking ... only an attempt to support one side in an internal conflict by a U.N. Security Council decision , " Lavrov said , RIA Novosti reported . More than 20,000 people , mostly civilians , have died in the conflict , the LCC said . The number is one of several overall estimates from various opposition groups and from the United Nations . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , for example , said at one point this week that almost 17,000 people have died . Libyan rebels move onto Syrian battlefield Securing Aleppo is key for the embattled regime and the anti-government fighters . One Free Syrian Army commander said the regime has labeled the confrontation for the city as the "  mother of all battles . " Regime forces are preventing fuel and food from entering Aleppo neighborhoods controlled by rebel fighters , opposition activists said . Rebels have had to set up medical clinics in homes . U.S. increasing contacts with Syrian rebels "  They are besieging our area , " said Abu Omar , a resident of the Salaheddin neighborhood . "  There is no electricity in some parts , and food is scarce . " Deama said the humanitarian situation is "  disastrous . " "  We have a bread crisis because the regime apparently ordered all bread bakeries closed . But in areas under the control of the Free Syrian Army , the FSA opened the bakeries and were able to employ people to bake bread then distribute it . There are also severe shortages in medications , " she said . The United Nations and Western countries , fearing widespread death and destruction , have urged the Syrian government to call off an offensive in Aleppo . French President Francois Hollande reiterated his position calling for the U.N. Security Council to urgently intervene in Syria , a source in his entourage confirmed . Speaking in southwestern France , Hollande did n't specify what kind of intervention is needed . Heavy violence on Saturday was n't limited to Aleppo . The LCC said dozens of people were killed across Damascus and its suburbs , and others died in Idlib , Deir Ezzor and Hama provinces . Syrian state-run media alluded to a possible showdown in Hama province . "  In a response to the constant pleas of the residents in the area , a unit from our armed forces started to cleanse Karnaz town in Hama from the armed terrorist gangs , " Syrian state TV reported . The Syrian government has blamed violence in the country on vaguely defined armed terrorist gangs . Syrian rebels appear more capable , yet still outgunned Fighting over the Syrian issue flared across the border in the Lebanese city of Tripoli on Saturday . At least 12 people were injured in clashes between Alawites and Sunnis . In Syria , Alawites , an offshoot of Shiism , dominate al-Assad 's regime . While Sunnis have a significant presence in the Syrian regime , they are also dominant in the opposition movement . Friends of al-Assad 's regime signaled their support for the embattled regime . Iran 's energy minister , Majid Namjou , vowed his government "  will not leave Syria alone in such a difficult situation , " according to state-run Press TV . The report said the two nations signed a deal Thursday to expand sharing of electricity and water , with Namjou saying Iranian firms are ready to rebuild damaged power plants . A.K. Lukashevich , the Russian foreign ministry spokesman , on Saturday reiterated his country 's opposition to unilateral sanctions on Syria and wo n't agree to inspections of ships sailing under the Russia flag . Russia has been a longtime arms supplier to Syria , but it has said it will not deliver new weapons to Syria as long as the situation there is unstable . Lukashevich made the remarks after the latest round of European Union sanctions against the al-Assad regime . Syria has faced high-level diplomatic and military defections in recent months . The latest is Farouq Taha , the Syrian ambassador to Belarus . He confirmed the move on Al-Jazeera TV on Saturday . U.S. keeping an eye on Syria 's weapons , al Qaeda 's presence CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Mohammed Jamjoom , Samira Said , Saad Abedine , Schams Elwazar , Joe Sterling , Ivan Watson and Barbara Starr and journalist Shiyar Sayed Mohamad contributed to this report .	NEW : The head of the Syrian National Council warns the regime is planning a massacre NEW : He calls on allies to act outside of the U.N. Security Council NEW : At least 160 people are killed across Syria on Saturday , says an opposition group Kofi Annan expresses concern for an "  imminent battle " in Syria 's largest city
Mashable  -- Android smartphone market share trails iPhone market share by a scant 9 percentage points in a recent study from analysis giant Nielsen . According to statistics on overall U.S. market share , Android is the single fastest-growing mobile platform . By contrast , Apple 's iOS shows an ever-so-slight decline . Other operating systems , including BlackBerry and Windows Mobile , show sharp declines over the past quarter . Still , BlackBerry is the top mobile OS by the numbers , with around 30 percent of the total market share . Last month , Nielsen 's stats showed that Android was the preferred platform of new smartphone buyers , suggesting that big-budget marketing campaigns for devices such as the Droid lineup and HTC 's Evo were paying off . In fact , Androids outsold iPhones for the first time ever in the first half of 2010 . Nevertheless , these stats still show iOS devices as the leading smartphones in the Android-versus-iPhone battle . Today , Android has 19 percent of the mobile OS market , while Apple 's iOS smartphones have 28 percent . Age also plays a role in which device a given smartphone user is likely to choose . Members of the under-35 crowd were more likely to be seen with an Android than were older folks . And BlackBerry held sway with users over 45 . Apple dominated when it came to smartphone users ages 44 and under . Based on these trends , we fully expect BlackBerry devices to sink below iPhones in popularity within the next quarter . And we 're sure it wo n't be too long before Android and iOS are neck-and-neck in competing for smartphone dominance . Do you think the consumer actions behind these trends are based more on device performance and facts or more on personal bias and marketing ? We 'd love to get your opinions in the comments . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Android market share trails iPhone by scant 9 percent , says Nielsen Apple 's iOS shows an ever-so-slight decline BlackBerry is the top mobile OS , with around 30 percent of total market share
CNN  -- The medical aid charity , Medecins Sans Frontieres , is pulling international staff out of Somalia after three of its members were killed . MSF says hundreds of thousands of Somalis need urgent aid . The group -- sometimes known as Doctors Without Borders -- said 87 non-Somali staff have been withdrawn from 14 projects across the country . "  As a mark of our respect and given the lack of clarity surrounding the circumstances of the attack , for the time being MSF has suspended all international staff presence , " the group said in a news release . U.N. officials have described the situation as a humanitarian crisis requiring worldwide efforts . MSF said it believes the "  organized attack " Monday -- a mine explosion along a road in Kismayo -- targeted its members . "  We find this attack against one of our teams absolutely intolerable and a serious violation of the humanitarian action to which our late colleagues were so committed , " Dr. Christophe Fournier , international council president of MSF , said in the news release . The MSF members killed were Victor Okumu , 51 , a Kenyan doctor ; Damien Lehalle , 27 , a French logistician ; and a Somali driver named Billan . Hassan Kafi Hared , 36 , a journalist working fro the Somali National News Agency , and a fight person , so far not named , also died in the attack . Initially , four people were reported dead . The attack "  comes at a time when the country is facing a critical emergency with escalating violence , massive displacement and acute unmet medical needs , " MSF said Friday . "  Mortality rates in several areas are far beyond emergency thresholds . Hundreds of thousands of Somalis are struggling to survive and are in urgent need of immediate assistance from the international community . They are the indirect victims of such attacks on humanitarian workers . " In recent months , Somali government troops backed by Ethiopian forces have battled Muslim militants daily , with the northern section of the capital Mogadishu hardest hit . Many of the militants are aligned with the Islamic Courts Union , which controlled much of the country before being deposed in Ethiopia 's December 2006 invasion . The United States accuses the ICU of harboring suspected al Qaeda figures and did not protest Ethiopia 's invasion . In a written statement earlier this week , a representative of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon said he condemned the attack and "  demands a thorough investigation by the authorities . " In a statement issued Thursday , Amnesty International said : "  In the current humanitarian emergency in Somalia and amid massive violations of international humanitarian and human rights law , humanitarian workers , human rights defenders and journalists have been particular targets of all parties to the conflict . " E-mail to a friend	Medecins Sans Frontieres pulling 87 international staff out of Somalia Move is reaction to attack which killed three of its members Charity said struggling Somalis are the indirect victims of the attack U.N. has called for thorough investigation
I 'm sitting in the lounge car of a train and traveling at a fairly ordinary speed . But this is no ordinary train : the back end of the carriage is a giant floor-to-ceiling window , like a flickering movie screen on which the passing landscapes are acting out their various parts . There are volcanoes being majestic , and hills cloaked in forests of cypress trees and bamboo . There are rice fields shimmering with green and a shoreline of bays filled with boats and seaweed farms , which unravels as the train goes past . Moreover , every landscape has at least a couple of people in it , waving . At me . I wave back -- when I remember -- but I 'm a bit busy . My wine glass is being refilled . Behind me , by the bar , a gifted violin-and-piano duo is tackling everything from Mozart to Guns 'n' Roses , and they 're asking for requests . And on the table in front of me is a selection of amuse-bouches either wrapped in leaves , or served on delicate porcelain or in bamboo boxes ; mouthfuls of locally-sourced beef , wood-smoked fish , pungent sea urchin , plus of course fugu -- the fish that needs to be cooked by a highly trained and licensed chef , or you 're dead . Exclusive and luxurious I 'm in Japan , a country famous for its trains , but generally not the sort that allow their passengers to savor their surroundings like this one does . Shinkansen , the country 's bullet trains , for example , have a fuselage-like interior which pays little heed to anything in its haste to get from one end of country to the other . But now Japan Rail Kyushu have invested big money -- over $ 34 million -- into a special train with the deliberate aim of going slow . This chocolate liveried locomotive chugs along the branch lines , truffling out local delicacies and hot springs , and giving locals cause to stop their planting and harvesting in order to stare and wave . The "  Seven Stars in Kyushu " is Japan 's answer to the Orient Express , with its seven carriages having space for just 30 people in 14 suites ; and it is very exclusive , with some 21 applications for every berth . The interiors around me are examples of the best in Japanese craftsmanship : walls are of rosewood and maple , floors are made from walnut , window coverings are shoji paper screens , sliding glass doors are etched with flowers and birds . Volcanoes and hot springs Part of the train 's purpose is to "  introduce Kyushu to the world , " according to the Seven Stars company , because Japan 's third largest island is not a first-timer 's destination . Kyushu is the most southwesterly main island in the chain , which means it is the warmest and most tropically lush , with more than its fair share of volcanoes and spas . So within a few hours of setting off from capital Fukuoka on our four-day itinerary , we 've already got into hot water -- or more specifically , our feet have , into a mineral water footspa on the station platform at Yufuin , in a valley filled with plumes of rising steam . The journey here has been up through hill country , ambushing rivers , clattering across iron bridges , scything through rice terracing spiced with hurricane lilies -- crimson wildflowers that look like splashes of blood amongst the yellowing harvest . At the station , we are met by the Seven Stars luxury bus , which is to shadow us throughout our journey , ready to pounce whenever needed . This time it takes us to a tea-house in ornamental gardens where we try "  plum pudding " -- actually a sort of sorbet with a plum at the center . Fast forward a day , and the landscape has changed completely . The train has rumbled south to the coastal city of Kagoshima , where Mount Sakurajima looms , puffing out clouds of ash . I ca n't believe how calm the locals are , living in the shadow of an active volcano . This used to be samurai territory and the bus whisks us off to a clan center to learn about how Japan , dominated by shoguns , was almost completely cut off from the outside world until 1867 . Even now , it has n't quite abandoned the old ways , for while our first night was spent slumbering in a rural siding on the train , for our second night the bus transfers us to the Gajyoen ryokan , a traditional travelers ' inn in a hot springs resort an hour inland from Kagoshima . This ryokan turns out to be a rustic collection of low-beamed cottages threaded by cobbled pathways , with dinner prepared over charcoal using ingredients from the garden . My room has sweet-smelling tatami-matting floors , and I plan to sleep on the balcony overlooking the river until I return from dinner to find that the bed fairies have been at work , magicking a linen-covered futon out onto the sleeping room floor . I do n't ignore the balcony , however , because this is where I have my own personal onsen . Luxuriating in my own floating world , contemplating the evening light filtering through the trees , it is easy to see the sense in this change of scene away from the Seven Stars : the proper savoring of hot springs is a very Japanese experience , and not one that should be curtailed by the timetable of even the most handsome of trains . Need to know info : The Seven Stars offers two itineraries : a two-day option which stays around Fukuoka , or a four-day journey which does a loop of the island . Both are hugely in demand , so the company selects applications by lottery . The starting price of $ 4,200 per person  based on two sharing  covers all accommodation , transport , sightseeing , food and drink . Fukuoka airport has direct flights to Asian capitals such as Singapore , Hong Kong and Shanghai with carriers JAL , Cathay Pacific and ANA , and direct to Europe with KLM to Amsterdam . For more information about the Onsen Island : Kyushu Read more about this piece 's author , Andrew Eames .	Japan invested more than $ 34 million into Seven Stars train in Kyushu island The exclusive luxury train has seven carriages for 30 guests in 14 suites Kyushu , the most southwesterly of Japan 's main islands , is the warmest and most tropically lush Guests on three-night trips will sleep two nights on the train and one night at a hot springs resort
Actress Elizabeth Peña died partly because of alcohol abuse , according to her death certificate , obtained by CNN . The certificate states "  cirrhosis of the liver due to alcohol " as one of the causes of her death . The document also lists cardiopulmonary arrest , cardiogenic shock and acute gastrointestinal bleeding as the other causes . The 55-year-old actress ' death shocked Hollywood and Peña 's fans . She died October 14 in the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles . In a report released earlier this year , the CDC says one in 10 deaths among adults between age 20 and 64 is due to excessive alcohol consumption . Peña is known for her recurring guest role as the mother of a character played by Sofia Vergara in the ABC sitcom "  Modern Family . " She also starred in films such as "  Down and Out in Beverly Hills , " "  La Bamba , " "  Rush Hour , " and "  The Incredibles . " Her career spanned more than three decades . Peña was born in Elizabeth , New Jersey , to parents who were from Cuba , and she graduated from New York 's High School of Performing Arts in 1977 . She is survived by her husband , two children , mother and sister .	Alcoholism was a cause in Peña death , according to death certificate 55-year-old actress died October 14 in Los Angeles Peña known for roles in film and television , including "  Modern Family " Cardiopulmonary arrest and acute gastrointestinal bleeding also caused her death
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The venerable Smithsonian Institution , often dubbed "  America 's Attic , " said no Tuesday to adding a piece of 1990s history to its collections . A day earlier , a California judge approved an agreement to donate the brownish-green suit O.J. Simpson wore the day in 1995 that he was acquitted of murder -- if museum officials wanted it . But they did n't . "  The curators feel that it does n't fit with the collections here at the National Museum of American History , " Valeska Hilbig , spokeswoman for the museum , told CNN Radio Tuesday . The museum houses iconic memorabilia , such as a pair of Judy Garland 's ruby slippers from "  The Wizard of Oz , " the hat Abraham Lincoln wore the night he was assassinated and a piece of a lunch counter from a Woolworth 's in Greensboro , North Carolina , that was the site of a civil rights sit-in . The museum on the National Mall in Washington is also home of the original "  Star Spangled Banner , " which inspired poet Francis Scott Key to pen the lyrics to what would become the national anthem . The agreement to donate the suit ended a years-long battled between Fred Goldman , the father of the man the ex-National Football League star was accused of killing , and Simpson 's former sports agent , Mike Gilbert , who has possession of the suit . But no one checked with the Smithsonian before making the announcement . Hilbig said there was no official offer to donate the suit and that officials learned of the potential deal on the Internet . With the Smithsonian 's rejection , the parties will look for another museum to take the suit , per the Los Angeles County Superior Court order on Monday . "  I suggested to go back to USC  the University of Southern California , where Simpson starred in college football  , even though they 've distanced themselves , or maybe the Pro Football Hall of Fame museum , " said Simpson 's attorney , Ronald Slates , who said he was disappointed in the Smithsonian 's decision . "  We had worked six hours on Monday to reach the settlement , and to find the finest museum in America turning down what is truly a piece of highly controversial litigation in the United States -- it was very disappointing , " he said . "  Of all the museums in the United States , this would be the one most open because it is our national museum , " he said . "  It deals with the ups and downs of America . You do n't see the Smithsonian walking away from days of the Depression -- which were certainly horrible days in our history -- because it was so horrible . So , I thought this would be the museum to house this , even as controversial as it is . " Simpson stood trial on charges of stabbing to death his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and Fred Goldman 's son , Ronald , outside her luxury townhouse in Brentwood on June 12 , 1994 . The trial lasted more than nine months and ended on October 3 , 1995 , with a jury finding Simpson not guilty . Later , the families of Brown and Goldman took Simpson to civil court to seek damages for wrongful death . That jury found Simpson liable for the deaths and awarded $ 8.5 million in compensatory damages to the Goldman family and to Ron Goldman 's biological mother . Since then , Fred Goldman has been trying to collect the money . Simpson has consistently said he did not kill the two and should not have to pay . In 2008 , Gilbert appeared on the "  Dr. Phil " television show , claiming he had the suit and pants Simpson wore on the day of the acquittal . He also said the "  acquittal suit " -- as it came to be known -- was worth $ 50,000 . Monday 's decision , said Goldman , "  takes any option out of the killer 's hands or Gilbert 's hands to sell it and make money on it . " Meanwhile , Simpson , 62 , is serving a nine-year sentence in Nevada after his conviction on robbery and kidnapping charges in an unrelated case . The case involved a botched attempt in September 2007 by Simpson to retrieve items that he said had been stolen from him by memorabilia dealers . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	Judge had approved an agreement allowing the donation of the suit Smithsonian says it had never been contacted about whether it wanted O.J. Simpson 's suit Simpson 's former sports agent , Mike Gilbert , has possession of the suit O.J. Simpson was acquitted in slayings of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman
